THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
ill advance, at a salary, to vise fifty passports in
a year, the fees of the office being only f 100 a year.
The statement made about the fees of this office
convinces me that the office is a sinecure, with the
exception of what is done for this $100 of fees; and
I think unless it is the business of the House of
Representatives to give gentlemen of respectability
and wealth the entree into the fashionable courts of
Europe, that we ought to strike this out. But this
gentleman has such wealth, such respectability;
he stands so high " in the hub of the universe,"
Boston; is a man of so much qualification, and has
been already abroad, that we are told we ought to
give him this entree into Italian society. If he is
all that is claimed, then there is no necessity of
giving' him this office.
Gentlemen say that this has been recommended
by Secretary Cass and by Secretary Marcy. We
have had charges in Italy for years past. We have
had them at Rome, Naples, and elsewhere. Per-
haps ther8 is some commerce at Naples. One
treaty was, I believe, made by one of our minis-
ters there. At the other Italian Courts they have
nothing to do with respect to this Government,
except it may be to go down to a cafe, drink wine,
eat a good dinYier, and smoke a cigar. That is all
our charges d'affaires have had to do there in the
last ten years. I know something about it.
Mr. Chairman, this is not the time to establish
sinecures. It is not the time to make nice posi-
tions for certain gentlemen. If Colonel Lawrence
is a military man and of great use "to the country,
as my friend says he is, then 1 want him to stay
at home and do service here. 1 do not want to
help away from the country these elegant military
men, and I am opposed therefore to giving him
any facility to leave the country at this time of its
deepest peril.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
it happened to me the other day to call the atten-
tion of the committee, and as the member from
Massachusetts is warranted no doubt in saying,
to state facts upon which this appropriation wa^
struck out. 1 did so, of course, without the
slightest disrespect or the faintest feeling of ill-will
to the gentleman in question. I stated at the time
that I had not the honor of his acquaintance; and
I stated what I did, simply because a knowledge
of the facts happening to be with me, I deemed it
my duty not to be silent while the committee
allowed to-pass even an appropriation of $2,000,
which I believed was utterly groundless, utterly
baseless,and ought not to be made. Having called
the attention of the committee to these facts, I
should certainly have felt content to hold my
peace now; but the member from Massachusetts,
who comes forward to sustain this appropriation,
has seen fit to indulge m what I deem great plain-
ness of speech. He says that lie is authorized by
Colonel Lawrence to say that the statement made
the other day, and repeated now by the gentleman
from Illinois, is untrue from beginning to end. I
desire to say to him, and to the committee, that
if Colonel Lawrence has authorized him to make
that statement, he has furnished the best of all
possible additional reasons why this appropriation
ought not to be voted; because if any gentleman
says that the friends of Colonel Lawrence did not
press this appointment—did not urge upon the ap-
pointing power as a consideration, that the office
was destitute of pay, and therefore not a benefit to
be confened upon most persons who sought an
appointment, but was an agreeable place, agree-
able to this particular applicant, notwithstanding
its destitution of salary, as agreeable as if a salary
had been attached to it—1 say if any gentleman
is authorized to pronounce that statement false,
he is authorized to state what the truth does not
warrant. I take care to measure my statement so
as not to give offense to any one concenicd. I
reaffirm—and when I do so I will state what I ven-
ture to say is within the knowledge of some of the
gentleman's colleagues—I reaffirm that the friends
of the gentleman who did press bis appointment
pressed it precisely in the way I have indicated.
Mr. DAWES. Who are. the friends who
pressed this appointment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Perhaps I can-
not state who were the friends who pressed the
appointment. It is not material if I could; and I
should not feel inclined to say who they were if I
knew, as it does not belong to this debate
Mr DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
made the same ptatemcnt T say for one that T do
not know the friends of Colonel Lawrence who
asked for this appointment. If I know the facts
—I may be mistaken—this appointment was tend-
ered to him without his asking for it. I thought
perhaps my friend from New York knew who
were the friends of Colonel Lawrence to whom he
referred.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Very likely I
know; but I am sure gentlemen around me know
a variety of facts relating to this appointment and
others which constitute not so much the history as
th epatois of such transactions. My friend knows
why on the floor I do not feel it necessary to state
everything I know about it. In the statement
which I have made I kept within the well-defined
limits of what I knew. I do not think any friend
or representative of this gentleman can complain
because I do not state other facts too.
Mr. DAWES. I do not suppose my friend
from New York intends to state anything which
he does not know to be true; and he may know
a great deal more about this matter than some of
the delegation from Massachusetts; and some of
the delegation -from Massachusetts may know
more than I do. I only know, if I understand the
facts at all, that this man had this appointment
tendered to him without his asking for it; and yet
it is stated upon this floor that the reason why he
sought this place, or why his friends sought it in
his behalf, was because it was a place without
emolument.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Now, sir, I will
repeat myself, in order that my astute friend from
Massachusetts may understand precisely what I
do mean to say, and that he may not be put to
the pains of repeating a third time that somebody
outside of the delegation from Massachusetts may
know more about this matter than they do. I
want to say that I am entirely aware that the
name of the gentleman in question was originally
mentioned, presented, and pressed for another
place. I know that that place was filled by a gen-
tleman who came from the West; and I know
that my friend from Massachusetts is quite war-
ranted in saying, in a sense, that this place which
we are now talking about was subsequently of-
fered, or tendered, to his constituent—if he is his
constituent. If that is what he means I know, and
I take great pleasure in statingit here, if it is any
part of the scope of his remark to lead me to do so.
I know, also, that I stated the other day, if I
went into it particularly, that whether this gen-
tleman himself applied for this place or not, in the
sense of being an applicant, those who advised,
those who suggested, those who were pleased with
the suggestion of its being tendered to him—as the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] I
believe, expresses it—did urge upon the appoint-
ing power, and did present to the friends of other
gentlemen who might have been glad to have this
place, the desideratum to which I have adverted,
to wit, that this gentleman was a man of wealth,
and took the place without the slightest care for
the pay that might be, or was not annexed to it;
and that it would be entirely agreeable to him to
accept it thus destitute of salary. I mean to say
that; and if my friend from Massachusetts thinks
I state it too strongly, I will yield again a mo-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I merely wish to say, even
'though I may call down upon myself the ungra-
cious remark of the gentleman from New York
that I am repeating the same thing over and over
again, that I want to know whether my friend,
when he sg.id that some of my colleagues, if not
myself, knew certain facts about this case, and
knew that Mr. Lawrence, or Mr. Lawrence's
friends, sought that place for him because if was a
place without pay, intimated that some of my col-
leagues knew that fact. That is why I wanted my
friend to be moie specific, and because it was an
imputation upon the Massachusetts delegation
heie. My friend has finally filed it all down to
this, thatthis gentleman wasseekinganotherplace
which was filled from another quditer, and then
that this place was offered to him, and that men
who thought it wise to offer this to him, urged upon
the appointing power certain considerations. I
submit to thegentleman whether it is fair to com-
plicate Mr. Lawrence with that matter unless he
knew it? Now, he may have known it and acqui-
esced in it. I do not know the fact, though other
gentleman may.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If thegentleman
has been thorough—and I believe he has—in set-
ting himself right, I want to set myself right for a
moment, and then I will yield the floor. If thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts supposed that I stated
to the committee the other day, either that Mr.
Lawrence personally was a petitioner for this
place, or that he in person made any surrender of
this matter of pay, he is entirely mistaken in his
recollection of what I did say, because I was care-
ful to be guarded upon that point, as he will see if
he will take the trouble to Vcfer to my published
remarks. I said the other day precisely what I
repeat now, and what I do not intend to diminish
even in the estimation of a hair; that those gen-
tlemen, who in political parlance pass under the
general title of friends, those who favored the ap-
pointment of this gentleman, did urge these con-
siderations. I said that the other day, and I say
it now. I take nothing back about it. I do not
file it off, if that is the expression of the gentle-
man. I do not want to be put in the attitude of
saying, or of'having said, that I know Mr. Law-
rence personally did anything of that sort. I do
not know it; and if it is a fact, I should not be
likely to know it. If the denial is intended to ex-
culpate Mr. Lawrence personally of any partici-
pation in this, I have no right to complain, m any
way,of the scope of thedenial; butwhen thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts further upon my left
[Mr. Train] said that the whole statement that
other persons had urged these considerations, was
untrue from beginning to end 
Mr. TRAIN. I did not mean to say any such
thing, and if I did say so, it was through inad-
vertence. What I meant to say was, that the
statement that Mr. Lawrence had accepted this
office upon the understanding that he was to go
without a salary, was untrue.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am very glad
that the gentleman from Massachusetts has taken
the trouble to make the explanation, for I confess
that I thought myself for the moment that he did
not intend to say quite all he did. I agree en-
tirely with him; accepting, as the undoubted fact
aboutit, the statement which he now makes; and I
repeat again, that I did not intend the other day,
nor do 1 intend now, to say that Mr. Lawrence
himself did any such thing. I simply say that
those who favored and urged this appointment
did do so.
But one thing further, and I will yield. It has
been said here—and I confess I was rather sur-
prised at it—that a great consideration to be
weighed by this House was that it was rather a
beggarly thing for this great Government to be
represented somewhere by somebody who may
not be paid. I want to call the attention of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to the
fact that in ail our history some of the most hon-
orable and responsible offices of the Government
have been held by gentlemen who received no
emolument, and took their places and were proud
to hold them, although the idea of emolument was
purposely severed from the offices they held. Here,
for example, are the regents of the Smithsonian
Institution; here are the commissioners engaged
in the soldiers' allotment duty; and here are the
commissioners of my own State, who undertook
to perform the great labor of codifying all theJafcs
of the State of New York; and they reccive no
pay. Our history is full of such illustrations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would ask the
gentleman from New York if lie does not know
that the regents of the Smithsonian Institution do
receive pay for their traveling expenses?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do know that
they receive {heir traveling expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would inquire,
also, if those commissioners of the States are not
paid by the States ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir, I do not
know any such thing; on the contrary, I know
the reverse. And, while my friend is up, will he
do me the favor to inform the committee whether
the expenses of consuls out and in are or are not
paid by the Government? I wish he would answer
that question audibly for the information of the
committee—he has answered it for my ear; and
when he answers it, I hope he will couple with it
an answer to the rjuestion if this very gentleman
does not receive his fees, be the same more or less,
whether he receives a salary or not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In relation to
the matter of expenses, 1 confess I do not know,
