1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
from him that under the existing rules and regu-
lations of war the President might to-morrow«as-
sign to the command of the army of the Potomac
the colonel of any volunteer regiment in the ser-
vice if he saw fit to do so. I suppose he has that
authority, and the reason for the passage of this
law is that he may exercise this authority at least
in pursuance of Jaw, and thus setaside atonceall
heart-burning or contention upon this subject of.
rank, which is often a most difficult and embar-
rassing one, and one of frequent occurrence.
. Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Whatistheau-
thority by which he does it now?
Mr. OLIN. His authority as Commander-in-
Chjef of the Army. By virtue of that absolute
authority that the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army must of necessity have, the President may
assign to the command of any divisfon of the
Army any person in the service, if he sees fit.
Mr. MALLORY. We did not hear the gen-
tleman from New York very distinctly in this
part of the House. Did I understand him to say
that as the Army regulations now stand, it is
claimod by the Secretary of War that the Presi-
dent of the United States, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army^ can assign to the command of any
department any colonel in the Army he chooses,
and make him outrank a major general?
Mr. OL1N. I so asserted. I so understood
the Secretary.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, if that be the case, I
should like to know the necessity for this law,
unless it is to direct the President to do a partic-
ular thing?
Mr. OLIN. I have already stated, if the gen-
tleman had listened to me, that the necessity and
the propriety of it is this: the exercise of such
authority would be pretty arbitrary and well cal-
culated to give uneasiness to every officer over
whom another of his rank is placed. The neces-
sity of passing this law is to show the world and
the Army that the President acts in pursuance of
law.
Mr. RICHARDSON. A question arose be-
tween the gentleman from New York and myself
in reference to this brevet rank. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the Army regula-
tions upon this subject:
"6. Officers? having brevets or commissions of a prioi
date to those of the regiments in which they mtvc may take
places in courts-martial and on detachments, when coin-
posed of different corps, according to the lank* given them
Fn th«ir brevets or dates of their fonner commission:*; hut
in the regiment, troop, or company to which *ueh officers
belong ihey <iiatl <lo duty and take rank, both in court--
martial and on detachments which shall be composed only
of their own corps', according to the commission* by which
they are mustered in said corps
"7. If upon marches, guards, or in quaitoi-?, diffWcnt
corps of the Anny should happen to join or do duty together,
the officer highest in lank of the line ol' the Aimy, marine
eorps, or militia by commision, theie on duty or m quar-
ters, shall command" the whole, and give orders for what is
needtui to the service, unless otherwise specially directed
fey the President of the United States, according to the
nature of the case."
Mr. OLIN. I will say to the gentleman that
that does not alter the proposition at all. ltdoes
not change at all the authority of the President
in reference to this matter.
I believe I have said now perhaps all that I need
say upon this subject. If the House is not pre-
Fared to vote upon this proposition—one which
understand to be of pressing exigency, and cal-
culated to facilitate the management and control
of the Army in the various military departments
of the Government—I have no objection, I am
sure, that its consideration should be assigned to
some future day.
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman can remove
a misapprehension, or rather an appiehension,
about the effect of this resolution. If I understood
the drift of his remarks a moment ago, he gave us
to understand that the object of this resolution was
to allow General McClellan, if the President so
willed it, to command in General Wool's depart-
ment.
Mr. OLIN, No; I did not.
Mr. COX. If it became necessary.
Mr. OLIN. No, I did not; the gentleman mis-
understood me.
Mr. COX. I understood the gentleman to say
that that would be the effect of it.
Mr. OLIN. No, I do not know that that would
be the effect of it. The gentleman certainly mis-
apprehended me. I stated, as an illustration of
what might occur under this resolution, that as J
understood the military regulations, I supposed
that General Wool was entitled, by virtue of
his brevet commission as jnajor general, to com-
mand in that department until removed by the
President. Now, that is denied on the other
hand. Both the President and the Secretary of
War, without deciding that question at all, with-
out going into a conflict of claims in reference to
it, want authority to assign to the command of
the army, of the Potomac whoever they choose—
of officers of the same grade, I mean.
Mr. COX. 1 would suggest to the gentleman
from New York, as the resolution is not very fully
understood by the House, and as I believe from
reading it carefully there is the ambiguity in it
that was pointed out by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Biddi,e,] that it be referred again
to this committee, to be reconsidered by them.
The last sentence reads:
" Thf Pie*ident may assign to command of the foices in
such field or department without regaid to seniority of
rank."
Mr. OLIN. What does seniority of rank mean ?
Simply the date of commission, does it not?
Mr. COX. Yes; the date of commission in the
whole line of the Army.
Mr. OLIN. It means the date of the same
grade, does it not? ,
Mr. COX. It reads " the same grade" in the
first part of the resolution, but the term " without
reference to seniority of rank" seems somewhat
doubtful. I think a proviso might be added to re-
move that ambiguity, and I think, therefore, the
gentleman hud better let it go back to his commit-
tee. At any rate, it proposes an important change
in our military system, and to give additional and
arbitrary power to the President, which wc' ought
to be careful about giving just at this time.
Mr. OLIN. I will now oall the previous ques-
tion unless some gentleman desires to make any
further inquiry.
Mr. ROSCbE CONKLING. Will my col-
league yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. OLIN. I will do so..
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to this yielding
of the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then if my col-
league will yield the floor unconditionally I will
demand the previous question.
Mi. OLIN. I ynld the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am very de-
sirous to vote for every bill necessary to quicken
or expedite in any wny the military operations of
the Government. I am willing at this late stage,
as I hope it is, of the present war, to vote for bills
radically mid partially to reorganize the Army,
or different parts of the service, in general or in
detail. But I confess that, with the light which
has been thrown upon the present measure, I am
entirely unable for one to see its necessity, or even
to sec clearly the propriety of reaching the point
in this way, even if there be some tangible aim in
view which has not been avowed.
If I understand aright my colleague who has
the management of this bill, he says that under
the rules and articles of war as they are now, the
President of the United States, as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, has the very power which
lie seeks to impart to him anew". These rules and
articles of war, if I understand the matter, taken
together, have the authority of an act of Con-
gress. Nothing more and nothing less. 1 have
here thelast revision, which was in 1861, approved
on the 10th of August, 1S61. By operation of law
the rules and articles of war thus lcvised and ap-
proved are part, and parcel of the statutes of the
country.
Now, the admission of my colleague is, in so
many words, that the President of the United
States has now, by virtue of authority equivalent
to act of Congress, precisely, absolutely, and, to
use his own expression, necessarily, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, the very power which itis sought
to give him. Well, sir, if this be so, I submit to
my colleague, and to the House, that the resolu-
tion fulls to the ground. Tt, has seemed to me of
late that upon slight cause, upon vague sugges-
tions, we have fallen into a habit of legislating
change after change, some of them radical, some
not so radical, in the existing military organiza-
tion of the country.
Now, if this power, which the ^President is
admitted to possess, is cramped, if he has it only
cum onqre, if ho has it only in certain eontm^en-
cies, and if it is desired to amplify it, that is quite
another thing. But if he has the power abso-
lutely, to be exercised whenever occasion requires
—as 1 understand my colleague to affirm, giving
the Secretary of War as authority—and if, as my
colleague adds, he has it necessarily, then he has
it voider the rules and articles of war, which stand
on a par with, and, indeed, stand as part of, the
legislative enactments of the country, and that is
enough.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Does the gentleman
from New York deny the proposition of his col-
league ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir; I do not
feel at liberty to deny it, because when a propo-
sition is staged by my colleague, as a member of
the Military Committee, I presume he states it ad-
visedly. I do not profess to know myself what
is, in this behalf, the latitude of the President's
authority. I have had no opportunity to examine it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
permit me to state what I conceive to be the dis-
tinction in regard to this matter?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The President can-
not, under the articles of war, assign an inferior
officer to command a superior officer; but he may
assign an inferior officer to a specific duty, which,
however, would not enable him to outrank a
superior officer.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The statement
which I understand the gentleman from Missouri
to make is, (hat the President, as Commander-in-
Chief, has the power to assign an officer of in-
ferior rank to a specific duty—that is, for the ex-
ecution of specific orders—but that he has no right
to give him a discretionary command which would
enable him to outrank a superior officer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is my under-
standino-.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understood my
colleague to say that the statement he made was
in accordance with the understanding of the Sec-
retary of War; the gentleman from Missouri and
my colleague refute each other, and it is painful
to see gentlemen, so distinguished as civilians and
military chieftains, differ with each other.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouii. I do not think that
wo differ. I understood the statement of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ouv] to be in the
some sense which I have endeavored to convey
to the House. '
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I am sure
that the gentleman from Missouri did not under-
stand the statement of my colleague as the House
understood it. But, take it either way. I want
to make this remark on the statement of the gen-
tleman from Missouii. If these articles of war,
which are the accumulated wisdom and the result
of the accumu latcd experience of many men, which
are the products of several wars, of the military
experience of the country several times tested,
which are drawn also from the experience of mil-
itary Governments abroad, if these articles of war
have been left thus long providing for assigning
commands only to the extent suggested by the
gentleman from Missouri, then I will venture to
suggest, without subjecting myself I hope to the
imputation of being what is called in the House
a " military critic,5' that there is some excellent
reason for it existing all this time, and that it has
not been left to be discovered suddenly, casually,
now in this year of grace, that it is necessary for
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army to have
some power mora absolute than has ever before
been assigned to a Commander-m-Chief.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The rules and arti-
cles of war are adapted to an old army, in which
rank has been well defined; but the piessent con-
dition of things is very different from that which
existed at the time they were made, or that ex-
isted in the country from which they were bor-
rowed. We have an Army drawn together hastily.
Many officers of the same giade were appointed
on the same day, and have the same date of com-
mission; and questions have arisen as to priority
between such officers, which make it necessary
that this power should be defined; We think it
essential. For instance, it may be the case that
thrc,e major geneials, holding commissions of the
same date, may come together in the same field.
That case may be existing now; and there may
be a doubt which of these three major generals is
commanding in the face of the enemy.
