2466
THE COtfG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
I want to invite thef attention of the Senate to this
§nte protislon in relation to these manufacturers.
They are taxed; two cents a pound on the skins
that they dress for the purple of making them
'into gloves, nml then they are taxed throe per
cent, on thou- gloves. Besides that, about fifteen
per cent, in value of their gloves is composed of
silk linings and findings and things of tnat sort,
all of which are imported, and upon which they
pay about fifteen per cent. duty. It is very hard
on them. If these two lines are stricken out, they
•frill be left like every other manufacturer-to pay
three per cent, on the entire value of their gloves,
the skins included, the findings included, and the
labor of the women and children they employ alst>
included. That is ri^ht. That they are willing
to,pay. What I desire is, that they shall be al-
lowed to pay like other manufacturers their three
per cent, on their entire manufacture, and not in
addition these two cents a pound on the leather
-they work up,
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will give
me his attention a moment, this clause is one of
the clauses of the seventy-first section. That sec-
tion reads thus:
That ftom and after the said 1st day of July, 1862, upon
the-articles, goods, wares, and merchandise, hereinafter
mentioned, which shall thereafter be produced and sold; or
be manufactured or made and sold—
They shall be taxed so much. Now, there is no
tax upon the leather until it is sold. If the man-
ufacturers sell the leather, they pay the duty on
it; otherwise they do not. Of course there is noth-
ing paid on the buck skins or deer skins which
the Senator says is manufactured from the skins
into smokc-drcssed leather or oil-dressed leather,
unless they sell it. They say they do not sell it.
They make it into gloves. The gloves are not
charged as leather when sold. Nothing is charged
on the leather of which they are made.
Mr. HARRIS. If I could be sure of that 
Mr. COLLAMER. That is undoubtedly the
way it reads. This clausc is found in the seventy-
first section. All those articles are under that one
general section, the fore part of which I have read,
which applies to the whole of them. AH these
articles are put under that general provision, and
that provision is, that the article must be made of
the following articles hereinafter mentioned, and
manufactured and sold, and they pay the tax.
Mr.CHANDLER. I presume the Senator from
Vermont has settled that point. I merely wanted
to say that this very oppressive tax on dressed
deerskins was not so oppressive as it might seem.
Dressed buck skins are worth about a dollar a
pound, and a skin weighs about a pound. From
throe to four skins makeadozen of buckskin gloves.
Taking the highest figure, four skins to a dozen of
gloves, jt would be eight cents. This vast, this
terrific imposition would amount to eight cents on
a dozen of buckskin gloves, or from two thirds of
a cent to a cent a pair and no more, two per cent,
upon the value! It is no tax at all. It amounts
to two thirds of a cent on a pair of buckskin gloves
that ordinarily retail for a dollar. I do not wish
to spend time upon this. It is a very small mat-
ter indeed. Then, as to the three per cent., of
course that is the same tax that is upon all other
manufactures. The Senator from New York is
correct in saying there are about a million dollars'
worth manufactured during the year. The value
of the skins that go into that million, I suppose,
would amount to perhaps ono hundred or two hun-
dred thousand dollars. It is a very small matter,
hardly worth discussing one way or the other; it
is a mere bagatelle.
Mr. HARRIS. It is not so small a matter as
the Senator from Michigan supposes. I am as-
sured by these gentlemen who have taken the pains
to come and represent this thing, gentlemen of in-
telligence and character, that this tax amounts to
justaboutthree per cent, on theirgoods. They are
perfectly willing to pay two cents a pound on then-
skins, or three per cent, ad valorem, and they said
to me they did not care which the Senate retained;
they did not know which would be the most favor-
able to them; that it was about three per cent,
either way, and if both were letained it would be
six per cent. I do not know how much the Sen-
atoi ftom Michigan knows about these things.
He knows a great deal; but how much he knows
about these skins, I am not sure.
Mr. CHANDLER. All about them.
Mi. HARRIS These manufacturers assure
me that this tax amounts to three per cent, in
either case.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are wrong.
Mr. HARRIS. They are perfectly wise men
in their calling.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is precisely in the
same situation as the manufacture of boots and
shoes. You tax the leather seven mills per pound,
which is a higher tax ad valorem than this tax
of two cents a pound on oil-dressed skins. That
tax on those skins does not exceed one per cent.
It is the smallest tax imposed anywhere. It is
really so small it is not worth holding on to. I
will not argue, it. It is really too small a matter
to argue.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not satisfied with the ex-
planation the Senator from Vermont has given of
this provision. I find in the sixty-fifth section,
page 49, what seems to me another mode of con-
struing this act—no strange thing, for the whole
bill is a most incomprehensible document, and I
do not believe any two men will ever understand
it alike in this world. I find in that section, this:
That upon the amounts, quantities, and values of pro-
duce, goods, wares, merchandise, and articles manufac-
tured and sold or delivered, hereinafter enumerated, the
manufacturerthereof, whether manufactured for himselfor
for other*, shall pay to the collector of internal revenue
within his district, monthly or on or befoie a day to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the du-
ties on such manufactures.
At the proper time I intend to suggest some dif-
ficulties growing out of this section. I under-
stand that it is the intention of the framers of this
act that the manufacturer, whether the goods are
sold or not, shall be responsible for this tax. Then
there is the following provision on the next page
of the same section:
Provided, That in all cases of goods manufactured, in
whole or in part, upon commission, oi whore the material
is lurnished by one paity and manufactured by another, if
ihe manuf.ictuier shall he requued to pay under this act
the tax hereby imposed.
The manufacturer who manufactures for a com-
mission undera contract, neverowiling the goods,
is required by this section, as I understand ir, to
pay this tax, and if called upon to pay this tax,
as he may be compelled to pay if, then it provides
that he shall havea remedy ovuragainsttho owiut
of the goods. A man may be called, under the
provisions of this section, to pay a tax upon goods
that he never owned, never expecicd to own, and
if he is called upon thus to pay the tax, he may
havea remedy over against the owner of the goods
for whom he manufactures them. This is a little
inconsistent with the construction given by the
Senator from Vermont. I should like to know
how he would construe that section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New York to
strike out lines tsvo hundred and thirty-five and
two hundred and thirty-six, page 95, m the fol-
lowing words:
On oil-dressed leather and deer skins, dressed or smoked,
two cents a pound.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. W1LMOT. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to withdraw that motion for a moment, that I
may ask to take up a bill, which is lying on the
table, in order to concur in some amendments of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I insist on having the
yeas and nays first, on the motion to adjourn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Harris, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts
—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan. Dixon, Doolittle, Fcswenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hailan, llowaid, Howe. Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Latham, McDougall, Momll, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell,
Snulsbuiv. Sheunan, Simmons, Willey, and Wright—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 67, at the end of line
fifty-nine, I move to insert the following:
Provided, however. That no person shall be deemed a
wholesale dealer foi the purposes of this act whose annual
sales shall not exceed the sum of $50,000.
I feel as if it was going to be an ineffectual en-
deavor to correct any of the evils that this hill
presents; but 1 shall do what I can in my humble
way to prevent as much injustice as I can. There
was in this matter of licenses a provision made
for licensing retail dealers and another for licens-
ing wholesale dealers. A retail dealer is defined
one who sells, "groceries, or any goods, wares,
or merchandise, of foreign or domestic production,
in less quantities than a whole original piece or
package at one time." Now, let me put a case
within my own knowledge. Here is a man en-
gaged in the business of selling paper-hangings.
Paper-hangings consist of paper for the purpose
of papering a room. What is a wholesale dealer
in paper-hangings under the definition of whole-
sale dealers in this bill? These definitions are so
imperfect that f propose to guard against injus-
tice, by saying that a man who does notfsell more
than $50,000 worth in a year shall not be deemed
a wholesale dealer; in otherwords,a man shall not
be taxed fifty dollars for the privilege of selling
less than $50,000 worth of goods in a year. That
is all there is about it. There are various other
cases 
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator consent to
an amendment also, that those retailers who sell
more than $30,000 worth shall be regarded as
wholesale dealers?
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GRIMES. There are a great many such
cases.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to that at
all. I want to get the thing right. I want to raise
as much revenue as anybody without doing in-
justice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask if fifty dollars
is a large sum to pay for the privilege of selling
goods at wholesale. You seldom find them, un-
less in large towns. How are you going to ascer-
tain beforehand how much they sell ? How are
you going to settle in advance how much thoy sell
in a year? They choose to soli at wholesale; they
obtain large profits; they sell in much larger quan-
tities, as a general rule, and must necessarily,
than a retail dealer, because they sell at less profit.
How are you going to tell in advance what they
will sell? I should like Senators to tell me. Pawn-
brokers, who do a much less business, pay fifty
dollars, and so do seveial other pursuits. Such a
proposition as this would be found totally imprac-
ticable.
Mr. GRIMES. There are a great many cases
like this, where a man has a retail store, but soils
some packages by wholesale. His business may
not amount to more than $30,000 a year. Under
this section, as I understand it, he would be com-
pelled to pay fifty dollars. Right by the side of
him, perhaps in the same occupation,such as that
alluded to by the Senatorfrom New York,apaper-
hanger 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he chooses to sell at
wholesale, he does not pay any license as a re-
tailer. He carries on that business without pay-
ing anything.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly. He occasionally sells
a package at wholesale; or he may be a small
trader, such as has been alluded to by the Sena-
torfrom New York, selling paper-hangings. There
is a large profit, it is true, on that business, but
the business is quite small, llight by the side of
him is a man who is engaged in the sale of dry
goods; he sells at retail, and his sales amount to
$75,000. He only pays ten dollars a year, while
the other man by the side of him who does a small
business, but sells in packages, is compelled to
pay fifty dollars. I know this would be a small
amount if it was the only tax that you require
this trader to pay. But you must remember, in
the first place he has got to^wy a license to his
own State, and then 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not necessarily.
Mr. GRIMES. He has in some of the States.
I know he has in my State. He has to pay a
State, county, and city tax, and then, in addition
to all the rest, it is a good deal of a burden on that
class of men, to pay this amount. There arewhole-
sale dealers m tea in the city of New York, who
sell a million dollars'worth a year,and some large
establishments which sell three or four millions
of domestic goods, and they arc only compelled
to pay fifty dollars, whereas a man of small busi-
ness, with very limited means, is compelled to
pay a like amount,
Mr. FESSENDEN. A manufacturerpays three
per cent, on his manufacture.
Mr. GRIMES. They do not manufacture tea.
