1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2467
Mr. PESSENDEN. I know that. All man-
ufacturers, of whatever description they may be,
pay ton dollars for a license; and it applies equally
to a man who manufactures a very small quan-
tity, provided it is over a thousand dollars, and a
man who manufactures hundreds of thousands of
dollars'worth; there is no distinction. Why? Be-
cause the tax is very much heavier upon a man the
more he makes. The larger manufacturer he is,
the heavier the tax he pays. Everybody will see,
with regard to a system oflicenses, it is absolutely
impossible to graduate them, or to act on any other
principle than putting men all on the same level.
You cannot go on and calculate the amount they
make, for you cannot ascertain it, or the amount
tliey sell, foryou cannot ascertain that; it is out of
the question. Therefore, the idea is to put it low, so
as to get something out of it; and the idea of get-
ting a revenue out of it is predicated not upon the
amount, which is very small in all cases, but upon
the immense number of people engaged in it. The
tax is not burdensome upon anybody at all. The
objection which the Senator makes, and which
other Senators make,is that upon someitislighter
than on others—not that it is too heavy on any-
body.
Mr. GRIMES. I say it is too heavy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot be too heavy.
Fifty dollars on a wholesale dealer, of whatever
kind he may be, is a light tax necessarily; for
evei ybody knows that the capital engaged in such
a business as that is large. A man who does a
larger business has more credit, and is better able
til carry it on. What is the course of business ?
A man begins as a retail dealer. He goes on for
several years, and if successful obtains capital,
and then becomes a wholesale dealer. lie does a
larger business, and it pays better. A man to carry
on that business must have capital and credit.
You cannot, therefore, equalise the tax. If you
attempt to equalize it, you will become involved
in infinite difficulties. If the tax was large enough
to lie burdensome, that might afford some reason
for attempting to change it; but suppose a man
does not sell more than $50,000, or even $30,000
a year; is a tax of fifty dollars burdensome? It
cannot be so. If Senators attempt to graduate
upon any other principle than that on which the
bill is founded, they will find it perfectly impos-
sible to get along.
Mr. HARRIS. I am almost afraid to say what
I feel ill reference to the tenacity with wluch the
chairman of the committee presses these cases. I
know very well that if we insist upon these pro-
visions in relation to the licenses of this class of
persons, it will make this bill exceedingly odious,
while it will not be of any very great advantage
to the Government. I confess I am surprised at
the tenacity with which all these little provisions
are to be insisted upon by the Senator who rep-
resents the Committee on Finance, and the te-
nacity with which his views are supported by the
Senate. I am sure that if this bill is allowed to
pass with its present provisions, all its provisions,
it will become so odious, so intolerable that it will
ruin any political party that has the responsibil-
ity of carrying it through Congress. I desire, on
these little matters, in some degree to palliate the
effect of the bill upon the public. I know that this
provision of licenses m relation to small dealeis
is °*omg to be very odious. 1 will but tefei to
this matter about skins. I know what its effect
is foiiif to be in one county m my Stale. I know-
very well what its effect is going to be among
patriotic, loyal people, too; for they will feel that
this Congiess has done them injustice; and so m
respect to these small dealers.
While I am willing that any reasonable bi.l
shall bo passed, that this bill shall he passed, yet
I do insist that the Senate shall look to it a little,
and not make it any more odious or burdensome
than the necessities of the Government requne.
Now, sir, I know there are dealers who do not
sell ten or fifteen thousand dollais' worth in a
year who will be compelled, if this bill goes into
effect as it now stands, to pay a license of fifty
dollars; while alongside of them, dealers who sell
l*i om fifty to one hundied or two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars' woilh a year will only pay ten
dollars Can vou reconcile these men to such a
provision as this? Will they not denounce the
Con°ress that passed a bill which is so unjust to-
wards them ? I desire that Senators should con-
sider well before they adopt these provisions of
this bill, to what it is tending, what its effect is
going to be upon the community. I am sorry to
say it, but I predict, with great confidence, if this
bill passes in the form in which it now is, the
State of New York is politically changed in the
next election.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Mr. President, I am tired
and sick to death of hearing men get up here m
the Senate, and talk about the efiect of a tax upon
a political party; that it is going to ruin our party;
to change the State of New York, or this State
or that "State. Sir, if the argument is good for
anything anywhere, this is the last place in the
world where it ought to be advanced. I do not
want the country to be told that we legislate with
reference to protecting the Republican party
against being overthrown. Such a sentiment is
unworthy the Senate of the.United States, come
from what quarter it may. We do not legislate
upon any such principle, I trust; at least I do not.
The simple question is, whether we will do what
the people of all parties call upon us to do; and
that is, raise revenue for the support of the Gov-
ernment; and whether the mode we adopt in order
to accomplish that purpose, is a just mode. If the
Senator or anybody else will satisfy methat the
thing is wrong in itself, and will operate injustice
to men, then I am perfectly willing to yield at
once. But, sir, I cannnt legislate upon any one
thing of this bill with reference to the effect it is
going to produce upon the Republican party, be-
cause that happens to be the party in power, the
majority who are responsible for it. I always
have found, in the course of my political life, and
I will say it for the American people, so far as I
know them—and I believe it is as tiuc of New
York as it is of other places in this country—that if
men, in their legislative capacity, act honestly and
justly, with good intentions to do right, they may
make errors, but the people will not respect them
any the less or support them any more feebly.
That is my belief on that point.
Now, sir, with regard to this particular amend-
ment; I am no more stringent about it than I am
about anything else. Why should Senators at-
tack me for insisting upon the provision in the bill?
I do not insist upon it because it is in the hill.
Let me say to the Senator that we are placed in a
peculiar position about this bill, as about all others
of which the committee have charge. We have
had to look at the whole bill, to consider all these
subjects from beginning to end, to study them for
weeks, to examine the arguments for and against
all these things as well as wo could before we re-
ported it; anil I will say for the committee that 1
believe n lias been done with a single view of get-
tin" as good a bill as we could make. There may
beTx great many defects in it. Well, sir, some-
body who docs not like a particular clause, comes
to a Senator who has not been engaged in that in-
vestigation, who waits until the bill comes up be-
fore he knows anything about it, and says, ' this
is to operate haid upon me;" and he will go on
to demonstrate that it may operate very hard
upon him in his particular case. We have found
this thitig of patriotism, generally, with regard to
all these gentlemen, with few exceptions, to be
this; they come to us and say, " we want to be
taxed; we are aching to be taxed; we are agoniz-
ing to be taxed; tax us; for Hea\en's sake tax us;
we want to pay our proportion for the support of
the Government; it is all right that we should be
taxed, and do it quick, too; but with regard to the
particular tax laid on my business, that is a little
loo tough." That is the way always.
Well, sir, we have had to consider all these
things. I have no doubt that the feeling exists,
and That the natural impression is, when you come
to a man's own interest, that he is suffering a little
more than he ought. We have taken all these
things into consideration, and looked at them as
welfas we could. I know licenses will be com-
paratively odious; but the question is, can we get
along without the three to five millions we expect
to fret out of them? Is it not necessary? All
taxation is odious; but I believe such is the feel-
ing of the American people in the free States at
the present time, that tliey are ready to stand, with-
out much complaining, even those things a
are inconvenient, uncomfortable, and disa rie-
able. At any rale, I am ready to take my sha.e
of the responsibility. When gentlemen come in
heie and wonder that I am tenacious about pai-
ticular things, tlu-y must consider that it 1 wete i
to yield to every objection that every gentleman .
chooses to make, if I were to say,ie it is all very
well, ifMr. So-and-so thinks it too hard, I will yield
in that particular instance," where will our bill
be by the time we get through, and where will our
revenue be, and where will anything be? Gen-
tlemen must make up their minds that the bill is
to be disagreeable to the people, and that the Re-
publican party, as the majority, have got to take
the responsibility of it; and for my part, I say
to-day, very distinctly, that I would rather take
the responsibility of meeting my duty and say-
ing " I judged it to be necessary, and 1 put this
burden upon you because it was necessary," than
to say to any man, "I considered your case,
and I shrunk from doing my duty about it." He
would not thank me for it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, this ap-
pears to be, to some extent, a matter of party dis-
cussion, wherein gentlemen of the Republican
party have thought proper to differ. Allow me
to say that the party to which I have belonged
from my youth upwards, is not that party, and
yet, allow me to say again, it is a party that will
maintain this war, and furnish the material aid for
the war as efficiently and as sufficiently as any
other party in the land. I do not think it is wise
or well for gentlemen to talk about the Repub-
lican party or any party supporting this war. I
think the men who live under our common flag;
the men who undertake to maintain an undivided
Union; who undertake to assert and maintain that
the Government shall be intact from the Gulf of
Mexico to Canada, and from Maine to California,
arc one, and when they shall divide for any cause,
then ruin, loss, misfortune, and want of unity
will be the result. I care nothing about this im-
mediate discussion, but I wish to say that so far
as the party to which I have been for many years
related is concei ned—the genuine Democracyof
the nation—they are for maintaining the entire in-
tegrity of the Government, and they want no par-
ticular distinction. I think the INforthwest, to
winch I once belonged; the North to which I for-
meily belonged, and the furthest West to which
I nowbelongare one upon this subject. I dislike
these controversies here among Republicans who
belong exclusively to the North. I belong to the
Noi th, West, East, and South. I am for main-
taining the Government intact in all its territory,
and willing to expend money, raise revenue, and
send men into the field, and am willing to go into
the field myself for that object. 1 wish I had not
the high office charged upon me that debars me
the ptivilege of doing so.
Sir, 1 did not rise in my place for argument,
but I rose to rebuke this thing of gentlemen, Re-
publicans, engaging in controversy about ques-
tions that ought not to be matters of argument.
Mr. CHANDLER. I attended the funeral of
the Whig party in 1852 as chief mourner, and I
see the Senator from California is prepared to at-
tend the funeral of the Democratic party m 1862.
{impute to the Senator no cold neglect of the un-
wholesome remains, but he should at an earlier
day have sought a patriarchal Machpelah wherein
to bury the dead out of his sight, for it h«s been
dead ten years already, and as early as thedawn
of the Christian era three days were considered
sufficient to render inanimate remains inodorous.
[Laughter.] , . _
Mr! McDOUGALL. Mr. President, the Dem-
ocratic party was born about the year 1800. It
is bound to live more than acentuiy. Itis bound
to live through all centuries, for it was founded
m truth, and' tiuth will live forever; and those
men who undertake to override its great doctrines
will be ridden down. Sir, truth is eternal. It was
born when God organized the universe, and the
men who think the Democratic party—I will not
sav party; I will say Democratic principles—can
be overthrown, or ignored, or destroyed, and the
men who do not think they should be remembered,
considered, and placed in pioper form of action,
are men who aie foreign to the age, who belong
either to an age far behind us or far in advance
of us. The Democratic party has done more m
advancing the great principles of truth and right
than any party that has ever been engaged in the
active affairs of the Government since the Gov-
ernment was organized.
Mr. WILMO'T. We are the Democratic party.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says they are the Democratic party. That
