THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
viso; I believe such a cftse cannot be found in an
instance of high rank in our service.
But my colleague seems to have some thing stick-
ing in his crop about Major General Fremont—
something that distresses'him. I am not aware
that I have mentioned the name of this gentleman
in the House, and I know that he was not in my
mind when I took the floor in this discussion.
Upon my colleague's own argument, the bill does
not touch the case of Major General Fremont.
He was taken from civil life at the time he was
made 'major general, and my colleague says it
does not touch such a case, and as it does not touch
Major General Fremont, I do not see why my col-
league should lug him in, or get agitated about
him at this particular time.
. Mr. OLIN. Will my colleague yield to me?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will, if he will
be civil, and not embarrass me by getting excitcd.
Mr. OLIN. The bill, as it standa, will apply
between General Fremontand General McCleiJan.
Their commissions bear date the same day.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Task my col-
league whether, under the law as it now stands,
he does not think that the President has the power
to assign precedence of command among officers
of the same rank and same date of commission in
all senses and respects?
Mr. OLIN. I know very little about this sub-
ject myself, but 1 have been informed by those
who are supposed to know that the President had
the power, in absence of law, to assign to com-
mand without reference to the actual date of com-
mission. To obviate all question or difficulty, it
was deemed best to confer this power upon the
President.
I have had no hostility to Major General Fre-
mont, and I have never avowed'any, and, there-
fore, I am at a loss to know why my colleague
should have used the civil expression towaidsme
that his name was sticking in my craw. I think,
however, that I have done as much for Major
General Fiemont and his cause as my colleague.
I think that it is due to myself to say that much
in explanation
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
New York to permit me to move that we go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. OLIN. Let us dispose of this question
to-night.
Mr. STEVENS. I want the gentlemen to have
another opportunity to dispense their courtesics.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 will not stand
in the way of the House going into committee.
I think, so far as any reason is assigned, this bill
is unnecessary. If there be a reason for it that
any one knows, he has kept it still. One other
word. General Fremont seems to haunt my col-
league; he lives in his waking thoughts, appar-
ently, and, 1 judge, appears to him in his sleep.
He thinks and speaks of him when no one else
mentions his name. He says that he has done a
great deal for General Fremont—that he has done
more for him than 1 have. He seems to think
some one doubts him. For one, I yield the palm;
J will yield my colleague an exclusive monopoly
of it. I have never done anything for General
Fremont that I claim credit for. i never went
out of my way, or even in my way, to intimate
that 1 had. To my colleague alone is due the
gratitude of the general and his friend, if no one
out me contests it. In compliance with my piom-
ise, I renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr, STEVENS, i move that the joint reso-
lution be laid upon the table. 1 do not believe that
it is necessary.
On a division, there were—ayes 44, noes 61.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
- The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the joint resolution
upon the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
The House refused to refer the joint resolution
to the Committee on Military Affairs; there being,
on a division—ayes 48, noes 60. 25
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaninn, Bingham, Francis P.Blair, Samuel S.
Bfair, Blake, Buffinton, Casey, Chamberlin, Clark, Clem-
ents, Col fa y, Ciavens. Davis, D.nves, Dela o? Diven,Dun-
lap, J)unn,f5dgerton,Eliot, Fisher,Goodwin, Granger. Hall,
Hanehett, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, Hutching, Juhan,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kcllogjr, Law,
Loomis, Lovejov, MeKnight, M.Ulory, Menzies, Mitch-
ell, Moorhead, Anson V. MonilJ, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon,
Noell, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Puce,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. ttiec, Kiddie, Edward U Rol-
lins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan,
Stratton,"Francis Thomas, Train, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Van Valkenbuigli, Vcrree, Wallace, Ciiatles VV. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Webster,Wheeler,Wiialey, Alberts. White,
Wilson, and Wiudoin—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anrona, Piddle, Jacob B. Blair,
William G. Brown, Calveit,Cobb. Fiedertck A. Conkiing,
ItoscoeOonkhns, Comma, Cox, Crittenden. Edwards, Enj?-
li.-h, Fentnn, Glider, Ilaieht, Horton, Kernsian, La/ear,
Lehman, May, Mortis, Noble, Ntigen, Pendleton, Potter,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Vallanritgham, Vibbard, Wadswoitb, Washbume, Chilton
A. White, Wickhffe, Wood, and* Woodruff—40.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the vote—
Mr. WEBSTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leary, was detained from his seat by illness.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that his colleague,
Mr. Fessenden, was detained from the House
by illness.
Mr. LAZEAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Baily, was detained from the House by illness m
his family.
Mr. ArfCONA stated that his colleague, Mr.
Johnson, was detained from his seat by illness.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the*motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ANCONA. I wish to state to the House
that I was detained from the House yesterday by
the sickness of a member of my family, and I
offer that as my excuse for being absent yester-
day upon the cali of the House.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the preamble and
resolution which I offered a short time since.
The preamble and resolution were read, as fol-
lows:
Whereas on the 34th day of March last, a suhpena was
issued by the speaker of this House, summoning, among
others, one Aaron 11 igmns sometimes called Aaiou A. Tlig-
gm*. by the name of A. Ihginns, to appear befote the com-
mittee on Government eoutiacts, i'ojthwith, at the United
States Hotel in Boston, Massachusetts; but that the said
H igguis has hitherto, and still does refuse or neglect to obey
sue!i summons: Theieiore,
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House bo directed to
i^sue his writ of attachinentagamst Anion Higgins, of Bos-
ton. Massachusetts, sometimes called Aaron A Higgin^,
and cause hnn to be In ought to the bar of thus House, to an-
swer for his contempt in not obeying the subpena of said
Speakei, issued March 14, 1862.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was Agreed to.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of resuming the consider-
ation of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (Li. It. No. 312) to pro-
vide interna! revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
Tiie CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose, it had under consideration the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Delano] to insert after the eighty-
second section the following:
Sec. 83. And be it further cnacted, That on and after the
1st day ot Muv next, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid by ail gas companies and corpoi.mous, all telegraph
companies and coi poiation^. and all bridge companies*,
eaual companies and corporations, unrioi whatever style or
name known or culled, 01 the United States or Tcnitories,
specially incorporated or existing under general laws, or
which may be hereafter incorporated or cxi3t as aforesaid,
on all dividends or sums of money declared due or paid to
stockholders, a? part of the earnings, profits, or gains- of &asd
companies or corporation*, a duty ot throe pel cent ; arid
a list or return shall be made and rendered within thirty
days aftei the time fixed when such dividends or sums of
money shall be declared due and payable, and as often aa
every six months, to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, which shall contain a true and faithful account of the
amount of duties acciued or which should accrue from time
to time, as aforesaid, dunng the tune when such duties re-
main unaccounted (or, and ihere shall be annexed to every
such list or leturn a declaration,under oaih oi animation,
to be made in torm and maimer as shall be piescnbed by
the Commissioner of Internal Kevenue, of the president, or
some other proper officer of said companies orcotporauons
respectively, that the same contains a true and faithful ac-
count of the duties which have acemed, or should acciue,
and not accounted for, and for any default in the delivery of
such list o£.return, with such declaration annexed, each
company and coiporation making such default, shall lorfeit,
as a penalty, the sum of £500.
Spc-84. Ami be U further enacted, That any person or
persons owning or po&sessing, or having the care or man-
agement of any company or corporation, as mentioned in
the foregoing section, required under this aet to make, and
render any list or return to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, shall, upon rendering the same, pay to the said
Commissioner of interna! Revenue the amount of the du-
ne- due on such li<it or leturn, and in default thereof, shall
forfeit as a penalty the sum of $300; and in case of neglect
or lefusal to make such list or return as aforesaid, oi to pay
the duties as aforesaid, for the space of thirty days after the
tmi" when "aid list should have been made and rendered,
or when said duties shall have become due and payable,
the assessment and collection shall be made according to
the general provisions heretofore prescribed in tins. act.
Mr. DELANO. It is hardly necessary for me
to state to the House that if the bill reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means recognizes
any principle, it is that dividend-paying com-
panies and corporations shall be assessed three
per cent, upon the amount of their dividends de-
clared. They having applied that principle to
railroad corporations, to bank and savings insti-
tutions, and to insurance companies, I take it to be
a mere inadvertence upon their part that they have
not included a large class of corporations stand-
ing upon the same footing, so far as the propriety
of applying this principle is concerned. And
while it has occurred to me that the four classes
of corporations or companies should be as much
included in the scope of the bill as those which
have been enumerated in the bill, it may also occur
to other members of the committee that a variety
of other corporations or companies should also be
added.
I could not move an amendment to either one
of the paragraphs relating to the various corpo-
rations and companies enumerated m the bill, and
therefore it occurred to me that the only practical
method of introducing the matter was by a dis-
tinct section. I have endeavored to adopt the
phraseology of the eightieth section, as it stands
in the reported bill, to this new class of companies
and corporations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the amendment, by striking out the words " gas
companies and corporations, all telegraph com-
panies and corporations," If the section isto pass
at all, these corporations ought to be stricken out,
because we have already sufficiently taxed gas
companies, and we propose to tax telegraph com-
panies in a subsequent section. But 1 lather hope
that the whole section will be voted down. There
will be considerable difficulty in levying tax upon
canal and bridge companies where they are owned
by States. I hardly think there is sufficient in
this matter to warrant our including such a section
in the bill. And if the income portion of the bilf
is passed, the tax will be gathered in that way
and there will be no real necessity for tins section
Mr. DELANO. 1 am opposed to the gentle-
man Js motion to strike out. He has given no gooa
reason for his motion, except that these compa-
nies have been, ot will be taxed in other parts of
the bill. I bdieve that is true of every corpora-
tion. They have all been taxed over and over
ogain in different forms, and it is to put these cor-
porations upon precisely the same level with those,
and to give them no advantage and no preference,
that I ask to have tins provision insetted in the
bill. If that gentleman or any gentleman of the
committee, will state that these specific corpora-
tions have been or will be taxed up to the degree to
which taxes have been imposed upon other cor-
porations, I will agree that this amendment ought
not to be adopted. But until that is demonstrated,
I cannot see any reason why this amendment
should not be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
