1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2469
Mr. HARRIS. I accepted it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COWAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report an amendment to the
seventy-first section, on the 86th page, striking
out the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth
lines, in these words:
On anthracite coal, except such as is known in tbp trade
as pea coal, fifteen cents per ton ; on bituminous coal, one
eighth of one cent pci bushel.
And in lieu thereof inserting:
On all mineial coal, except such as is known in the trade
as pea coal, three and one half cents per ton.
This amendment is suggested for several rea-
sons; the first of which is, that it would be next
to impossible to levy and collect the tux imposed
by the bill as it came from the House. It makes
a great distinction between anthracite and bitu-
minous coals, imposing fifteen cents a ton upon
the one, and but three and one half cents a ton
upon the other. Now, it so happens that a groat
deal of the coal of the Pennsylvania coal fields
partakes of the character of both of these kinds,
having too much bitumen in it to be called anthra-
cite, and about half enough to entitle it to the ap-
pellation of bituminous. It is, therefore, known
in the trade as semi-bituminous coal; and nobody
could tell, as the bill now stands, what tax should
be levied upon it. But there are also other vari-
eties besides these, as will be evident from a brief
statement of their several characteristics.
Coal may exist in three forms: solid, as in an-
thracite coal, fluid, as m petroleum or rock oil, and
gaseous, as carbureted hydrogen, which is the
common illuminating gas, or it may exist with all
or any of these in combination. Anthracitc con-
tains neither oil nor gas—it is coke in situ—is
found in mountainous and rugged districts, gen-
erally along the line of the greatest disturbance,
and of course where it was more exposed to the
subterianean force causing the upheaval. This
force was heat, and it seems to have been so great
as to char or cook the present beds of anthracite,
into coke, driving off, by the roasting process, all
the oils, gases, or other volatile matters originally
in combination with them. The semi-bituminous
strata have not been subjected to such a severe or-
deal, and the bituminous have been still less affected
by the upheaving force; indeed, in most cases the
latter have been lifted up so equably and gently that
the beds retain a position nearly horizontal, and
some of them may be tiaced above and near the
surface for long distances—in the case oflhe Pitts-
burg scam, m western Pennsylvania, for perhaps
one hundred miles. This variety contains little
oil, but it is still rich m gas, and is used almost
everywhere in the middle, southern, and western
States for the manufacture of that article. The
gas which lights the Capitol here, I have heard,
is mined from the Pittsburg seam, in the county
in which I reside.
Cannel coal is still another variety, containing
not only gas, but also oil, and from it the coal oil
of comtneice is manufactured, it burns in a clear
blaze, the same as a candle when lighted, whence
probably us nam'"1. We also find in the Pennsyl-
vania coal field, as if is called by geologists, but
winch extends into Maryland, Virginia,and Ohio,
vast caverns of pure gas. These are often tapped
m boung wells for salt water; and m such case,
tlie gas,"in seeking vent from its compression,
forces the salt water up to the surface, thus doing
the work of the pump; and after having performed
this service, it is secuied sometimes by a receiver
and carried into the furnace as fuel to boil down
the salt water. I have seen salt works of this
kind, where the gas not only pumped the salt
water some five or six hundred feet up to the sur-
face, but in the furnace had a heating power equal
to that of three tons of coaldaily. Some of these
gas caverns, 1 think, contain gas enough to light
the largest cities.
Petroleum or coal oil is another element, or per-
haps form of coal, found in the same field in the
fluid state, from two to six hundred feet below the
surface of the earth, probably collected in great
poois, or at least saturating the earth over con-
siderable areas, perhaps all over the field, it is
obtained by boring wells down into these subter-
ranean pools, whence it is pumped up mechanic-
ally, or is brought up by the expansive force of
the gas, the same as in the wells of salt water to
which I have alluded. A well ol this latter kind
is called a flowing well, and some of them have
been known to spout forth more than one hundred
thousand gallons daily, or more than one hundred
barrels an hour.
These are the Titans of Grecian mythology, old-
world forces, first-born of Saturn and Cybelc,
who have gashed and scarred the earth everywhere
m their early wars with Jupiter. Subdued at
last, however, and impiisoued since the carbonif-
erous era beneath the mountains piled upon them,
they are now at last brought out from their long
captivity to be the mighty yet obedient slaves
of man in his Jovean effort to reduce the earth to
his dominion. We shall see directly what some
of them are doing for us.
It is enough to say, at this point, that the tax
contemplated under the clause the committee
propose to strike out cannot be levied without an
amendment of some kind. The one I offer puts
all coals upon the same footing, because they are
all of nearly equal value at the pit's mouth—say
ninety cents a ton, and upon this it is proposed to
put three and a half cents, or about four per cent.
ad valorem, which can be levied without dispute,
and with certainty. These things are, I think,
conclusive not only of the propriety of a change,
but also of the necessity for it.
But let us go further, and we shall find addi-
tional and still stronger reasons going not only to
show that the reduction proposed ought to be
made, but that the tax ought to be abandoned
altogether.
1 believe this is the only product of either the
mine or the quarry which it is proposed to subject
to a Government burden; the gold of California,
Oregon, New Mexico, Colorado, and Georgia;
the copper of Michigan and Wisconsin; the lead
of Illinois and Missouri; thegranite of New Eng-
land, and the marble of Tennessee, are all exempt;
so ate lime, gypsum, and bricks. Nobody has
thought of taxing any one of them, and yet the
gold yield of California alone is three or four
times as productive as the coal yield of Pennsyl-
vania, if estimated at the mines themselves. How
comes it, then, that coal was singled out, and
anthracite made the subject of such an enormous
imposition as that of fifteen cents a ton—equal to
sixteen and two thirds per cent, ad valorem?
Mr. President, the coal miners are as willing as
any other class of our citizens to pay their share of
the revenue necessary to sustain (he Government,
but they tue not willing to be made an invidious
exception to the general principle of the contem-
plated law. When the finished products of all other
manufactuiers are saddled with a tax of tlneeper
cent ad valorem, they know no reason why they
should be < hissed along with these, and made to
pay five and a half times as much as their fellows.
Why aie they classed with manufacturers at all?
The question stated furnishes all the answer which
can be given it; hut waiving the absurdity of their
position here, they will agree to the rate fixed
in the amendment, protesting, however, that it
were fai better to forego the amountof revenue de-
rived fiom it than to embarrass the industry of
the country by taxing it all.
If we consider coal as an article of fuel in warm-
ing dwelling houses, it is an article of prime ne-
cessity, which the poor man needs as much as
the rich, and of which he needs far more, because,
although individually he may not keep so many
fues ffomg, y«'t as his house is not so warm, his
clothing so sufficient, and his food so nutritive,
his fne must be larger, it is to him food and rai-
ment, as well as a counter check to the inclemency
of the season and the weather. According to this
, we levy a tax upon
the fire of the soldier's wife
and the soldier's widow for the benefit of a Gov-
ernment in defense of which the husband of one
has met death and the other yet awaits it. Ought
we now to rendei the health they shiver beside in
winter moie chilly and desolate still' Mr. Pres-
ident, m the name of the poor everywhere 1 pro-
test against this impost as unjust and ciuel.
Again: if we consider the commodity of coal as
an ditielo of fuel for the puipose of generating
motive power, it will be found to assume an im-
portance second, 1 think, to no otherageticy in the
world. Indeed, I have no hesitation in asserting
that to it modern civilization is more indebted than
to anything else for its wonderful progress in grati-
fying the wants of the masses of the people every-
where. .
What is this civilization? Its simplest defini-
tion is " work;" and that is the measure of the
difference between th%dcivilization of the present
day and the savage barbarism of past ages. What
better illustration of it than the spot whereon we
stand—the capital of the nation and the Capitol
of the Government? A little over a century ago
this place was a wilderness, tenanted by idle and
savage men, by idle and savage beasts, covered by
an idle and unproductive flora. How is it now?
Covered by a great city, filled with monuments of
art, conceived by the brain and erected by the hand
of genius; furnishing everything which gratifies
human wants or satisfies human desires; beauty,
the product of thousands of years of culture; util-
ity, the offspring of thousands of years of toil and
ingenuity, are all here, instead of barbarism. The
wild man, the wild fauna, the wild flora, are all
gone, and nature herself has been dominated by
industry; the whole has been changed by work,
work alone. Not a sign of the past hardly has
been left, all obliterated by work, until every foot
square of it is covered now by hammer marks, ax
marks, chisel marks, (fee. Nobody is idle, man
or beast, but all are struggling and toiling; even
the trees are growing to order, according to the
will of their master, civilized and working man.
And who has aided him in achieving this stu-
pendous task more than any other agent? In the
olden time he invoked the wind to drive his mills,
and waft his ships across the seas, but the wind
was capricious and contrary, sometimes idle, and
he must abide its time. He also sought the water-
fall, but the water dried away at the bidding of
the sun to serve another use. And again it often
congealed to clog his wheels in winter, just when
he most needed its aid. He turned to the horse
and ox in vain; they ate and drank and grew
weary like himself with toil, and his spirit was
bioken and his progress slow. What he wanted
was a force which knew no weaiiness and never
tiied; which never refused his bidding or neglected
his orders; which in summer's heat or winter's
cold was ever subservient and ready; not burst-
ing out of bounds as the floods, nor roaring un-
controlled as the wind in stoims. This was the
invaluable slave he sought, and which he has
found in that commodity known to the world as
coal. And having found it, he ridessteadily, and
defiant of the wildest storms, across wide oceans;
carries enormous burdens up the sides of steep
mountains as well as along level plains; sits in
his mills careless of climate, and sees them moved
by this blind Samson of his with the force of a
tempest, and yet the. delicacy and precision of
clock work. Any amount of power he wants he .
can have at will, and in this country chcaper than
in any other, and in smaller compass.
Mr. Piesident, there is now at work on the
l oof of this Capitol, aiding in the construction of
the great dome which surmounts it, a liule en-
gine, consuming three bushels of coal per day,
woith perhaps thirty cents a bushel, and yet, sir,
that little engine has the strength of twenty horses,
and lifts up to its place all the heavy material
needed, ready for the hand of the woikman. And
this will serve to illustrate what coal is doing
everywhere; wherever a heavy weight is to be
lifted, a heavy burden to b$ carried, it is there,
until at last it will go into intimate partnership
with men, and furnish as its share of the common
stock " power," while they furnish " skill."
But I heai Senators say to mo, that in this case
the power is in the steam and not in the coal—a
great mistake, however, for the steam is only the
medium through which the power in the coal is
applied to the machinery. The power itself is
heat, generated by burning the coal; heat and
force are nearly identical, and mutually convert-
ible into each other. When heat disappears it
evolves itself in force, and when force is expended
it reappears as heat, all of which is demonstrable,
and in many processes obvious to all at first sight.
Of one thing all are now assured: given any
amount of heat, and any amount of force may be
had from it; and if we hnve any amount of force
we can easily have any amount of heat from it.
The expansive force of steam is merely the quan-
tity of heat infused into it, and any other sub-
stance as expansible as water and as readily con-
densed would serve equally well as the medium
of force. The quantity of work coal is doing to-
day is enormous. Take the case of iron for ex-
ample: this metal exists in a rock-bound, stub-
born ore, yet coal wrings it out pure and molten,
tons at a time; next it wields the hammers and
