m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 27,
i The 'SPEAKER. It is for the House to de-
termine whether they will reconsider that refer-
ence. The Chair thinks the point of order can-
not be raised at this time.
Mr. OLIN. I only desired at this time to give
the House notice that I shall call up the motion,
and to direct their attention to the -main features
of the bill that they might be prepared at that time
to discuss and act upon it. I have no desire to
prevent the fullest examination and discussion,
and I will try, in the meantime, to relieve the
gentleman from Ohio of the difficulty and embar-
rassment which seem to lie in his way of the
examination and consideration of the bill at that
time.
Mr. STEVENS. Is there any business before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. There is—the motion to
reconsider, which the gentleman frpm Ohio has
called up.
* Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether this bill came from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or whether it is an
individual progeny?
Mr. OLIN. It has been reported from the Com-
mittee ou Military Affairs of this House. I do
not propose to occupy the floor at this time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move topostpone
the further consideration of this motion until
Tuesday week; and upon that motion I call the
previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be on
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The only object I
have is to prevent the bill being discussed upon a
mere motion to reconsider. But I am not inclined
to press the motion; and I will raise the question
of order, which I think is a perfectly plain one,
when the question comes up.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the further consideration of the
motion was postponed until Tuesday week.
COUKT J?OK INVESTIGATION OF CLAIMS.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States," approved February 24,1855;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NATURALIZATION OP ALIENS.
Mr. LOOMIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to confer the right of citizenship upon
aliens who serve as soldiers in the armies of the
United States during the war for the suppression
of rebellion; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at four
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 27, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. H. W. Pierson, D. D., Presi-
dent of Cumberland College, Kentucky.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting sixty copies of the Army Register
for the present year, in compliance witli the reso-
tion of the Senate of December 15, 1815; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a message of the
Presidentof the United States, transmitting a cor-
respondence between the Secretary of State, the
Spanish minister, and the Secretary of the Navy,
concerning the case of the bark Providencia, a
Spanish vessel, seized on her voyage from Ha-
vana to New York by a steamer of the United
States blockading squadron; which, on motion of
Mr. Summer, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES? presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying that homceopathic surgeons may
be appointed to at least one eighth of the surgical
appointments in the Army and Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
the State of New York, praying for the total abo-
lition of slavery throughout the country; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens and in-
habitants of North Easton and Galesville, Wash-
ington county, New York, alleging that slavery
is the " great cause of our present national calam-
ities," and praying " that it be immediately abol-
ished under the war power;" which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which wasor-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying that homceopathic sur-
geons may be appointed to at least one eighth of
the surgical appointments in the Army and Navy;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Toledo, Ohio, praying for the establish-
ment of a national {u-mory and foundery at that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memorial
of the Board of Trade and Common Council of
the city of Indianapolis, Indiana, praying for the
location of a national armory at that place; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Hon.
John Taffe and others, citizens of the Territory
of Nebraska, praying for a grant of one section of
land in each township of that Territory for the
purpose of planting timber thereon; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Bu-
chanan county, Iowa, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Independence, via Bran-
don, to Vinton, Iowa; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. .
He also presented the petition of Israel Garrard
and others, citizens of Minnesota, praying for the
location of a national armory at Rock Island, Illi-
nois; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Ben Price
and others, citizens of the United States, praying
for the passage of an act to prevent all further
traffic in and monopoly of the public lands of the
United States, and that they be laid out in farms
and lots of limited size for the free and exclusive
use of actual settlers; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that" such measures may be adopt-
ed as will insure emancipation to all the people
throughout the whole land, and thus complete the
work which the Revolution begun;" which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that the sum reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for the ensuing year
be appropriated to continue the Coast Survey;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of New York, in favor of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which were ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of the ex-
ecutive committee of the New York State Agri-
cultural Society, praying for the adoption of meas-
ures by Congress to enable persons who Jjave
entered their articles for exhibition in the London
industrial exhibition to be present at the exhibi-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Newburgh, New York, protesting against the es-
tablishment of the banking system recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury by authority of
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that the sum reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for the coming year
be appropriated to continue the Coast Survey;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented resolutions of the Chamber
of Commerce of New York, in favor of the con-
tinuance of the Coast Survey; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented resolutions of the House of
Assembly of New York, in favor of the further
enactment of suitable laws to prevent peculation
and frauds in providing supplies for our armies;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RICE. I present a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of St. Paul, Minnesota, remon-
strating against any action at the present session
of Congress, suspending the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain of June 5, 1854,
commonly known as the reciprocity treaty. As
the subject is one of very great importance to the
Northwest, I ask that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will bo so re-
ferred. The question is on the motion to print.
Mr. HALE. Does not the motion to print go
to the Committee on Printing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
will go to the Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been requested to ask
leave to withdraw the petition and papers of A.
S. H. White, which are on the files of the Senate.
The committee in this case reported favorably,
and the bill has on one or two occasions passed
the Senate, and not been acted on by the House
of Representatives. The party wishes to with-
draw the papers for presentation to the other
House.
The order to withdraw the papers was made.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy in answer to a resolution of
the Senate'of the 9th instant, relative to the em-
ployment of George D. Morgan, of New York,
to purchase vessels for the Government, have di-
rected me to make a report, and I move that the
report be printed. I wish now, as I am up, to
give notice that as it relates to an important meas-
ure for the publicdefense, to wit: the construction
of iron-clad vessels, 1 shall move to-morrow, and
as often thereafter as I can get the floor, until I
get the subject up, that the Senate consider that
bill and this report.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the re-
vision and consolidation of the statutes of the
United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 173) for the more effectual
suppression of the slave trade; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
NAVAL VESSELS.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he instructed
to inform the Senate when the ship of war Pennsylvania
was built; what was her cost, exclusive of aimament and,
stores, and how many ci Ul.-es she ever made ; also, when
the ship Alabama, now on the stocks at Portsmouth, was
built; what was her cost, and how much has been expended
on her for repairs; what is liei tonnage; is it in contempla-
tion to complete and fit her for sea; is her model and m/x-
such that she can be profitably used as a sailing vessel, or
can she, at any reasonable cost, be converted into a steam
vessel, and do the Depaitment intend making: that change
in her construction, and have the Department any definite
views in regard to that ship, or do they intend domg any-
thing with her different fiom what has been done for the
last forty years; and also, that he be fmther instructed to
give the same information with regard to the ship of war
Virginia, now on the stocks at Oliariestown, that is sought
for in regard to the Alabama; and also, that tie be instructed
to inform the Senate when the ship of war Franklin was
changed from her original construction so as to fit her for
use as a steamer; what was the cost of such change ; and
do the Department contemplate furnishing her, and'getting
her ready for sea during the present year, or within any
definite time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the consideration
of the resolution. It seems to me these inquiries
have been abundant enough.
