2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
turns -the rolls which malctfit into bars; then it
drives all the various sorts of machinery used in
making spikes, nails, screws, and all the mul-
tifarious articles manufactured from that invalu-
able metal. So of lumber: it is now sawn, planed,
abd fashioned in a thousand different forms ready
for use, all done by coal. So too in textile fab-
rics: coal cards and spins and weaves (the true
Hercules with a distaff) until all the people are
clothed, the poorer sort in this country better
clothed than the gentry of Europe were fifty years
ago, if not better than they are to-day.
But, sir, it is, perhaps, m the means of defense
this commodity furnisnes the country, in the way
of transportation for men, horses, and munitions
of war, that it has the greatest claim to our con-
sideration. Can any man tell what it has saved
us ir^ the present war by carrying our troops
and stores from point to point with the great-
est speed and facility? How much lias it saved
us in the way of food for tired and hungry brig-
ades, if they had been obliged, as formerly, to
maich hundreds of miles on foot, or go long voy-
ages in sailing vessels? Suppose the troops which
came to the rescue of the Government and the
capita], from Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, and
Maine, had been obliged to come according to the
old methods, will any man hazard the assertion
that the wear and tear of shoes, boots, and clothes
alone would not have equaled the whole cost of
their present transportation as it has been cheap-
ened by coal, to say nothing of the additional loss
in the way of pay, rations, forage, wagons, and
horses, resulting necessarily from so long and te-
dious a journey? Then the great case and rapid-
ity with which large bodies of citizen soldiers can
be summoned, carried,andconcentrated upon any
given point in case of a threatening emergency.
The railroad has now become a most important
element in defensive war; indeed, it bids fair in
the future to exclude the possibility of wars of
invasion altogether, for if all the people, even of
the weakest State, can be gathered together almost
instantly to defend the point of attack, they will,
of course, be invincible, and able to beat off the
most powerful invader. Witness, too, the recent
exploits of our heroic steam navy; what giant is
it that drives them with their huge armament up
against the current of rapid rivers, against winds
and tides, stopping them under the guns of the en-
emy, and there maneuvering I hem with a skill and
precision unequaled even by the ancient galleys
rowed by human strength ? That giant again is
' coal, or what is the same thing in this country as
yet, wood,regulated in its price by coal. Because,
were it not for the supply of coal, the wood of the
country would have neon exhausted by this time.
As it now is, however, it is entirely subordinate
to its more powerful competitor.
But besides all this, sir, coal is already taxed
by the bill in almost every shape and form, and
in every product into which it enters as an element.
It is taxed in iron and all the various rwuiufucturcs
of iron into which it enters largely; itl glass, in
paper, in woo!, in cotton, and indeed everywhere
almost, and vet, notwithstanding all this we find
it here specifically burdened beyond, far beyond,
even articles of luxury.
But when before, in any Government, was it pro-
posed to tax the agencies of industry, its forces, its
winds, its currents, and its water-falls'? These
are the thews and sinews of nations, and they
should be left free as their natures are; cheapen
them if you can by all means, so that the largest
product may result from their labors; but surely
they of all other things ought never to be made
dearer or removed further from the hand of thrift
and progress. To tax coal at all is to me the same
as going to the laborer in the morning to tap him
of a part of his strength for the day. In that case
would he not say, " Had you not better come in
the evening and take your tithe out of the product
of my strength? To that 1 will not object; but
the force which animates me you muat not touch,
as I cannot, nobody can, estimate the effect it may
have upon my ability to pei form my daily task."
So here, if this elument of taxation is thiown m
upon coal at the pointproposed, I am not prepared
to say what may be the result upon the industry
of the country generally; at the same time I am
satisfied that the gain to the revenue from it will
be far more than overbalanced by the loss to the
industry of the people. The bill too, as if to ren-
der the follies of it the more glaring, m the same
section charging sixteen and two thirds per cent,
upon anthracite, charges upon " diamonds, eme-
ralds, and other jewelry, three per cent, ad valo-
remWas this done in mockery ? It looks like
it, when the widow's fire is taxed more than five
and a half times as much as the jewel in a gentle-
man 's ring.
1 have said, Mr. President, that I am opposed
to any tax at all upon the article in question, but
that I move the amendment as the organ of the com-
mittee to which the subject was given in charge.
I hope, therefore, that it will be adopted, as one
step in the right direction, at least, if we never take
another.
Mr. FOSTER. Allow me to ask the Senator
what will be the effectof his exception of pea coal ?
Mr. COWAN. I will state it as I understand
it. In working a coal mine there is necessarily a
great deal of waste—much of the coal is broken
up so small that it is impossible to screen it from
the slate and other earthy matter which gets mixed
with it. This detritus is called " slack," and is
thrown aside at the mine as worthless. In the
anthracite region it appears that it has bccome to
some extent an article of commerce, because it
will just about bear transportation. The miner
gives it to any one who will take it away, and it
is carried to the market and sold to the poor people
under the name of " pea coal;" we exempt it on
that account.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask the Senator also,
with his leave, whether there is not even a finer
coal than that, which would be excepted, called
" dust coal" in the trade.
Mr. COWAN. Not that I am aware of.
Mr. FOSTER. I believe there is.
Mr. COWAN. I have understood there is an-
other kind nearly valueless called " chestnut coal,"
but it is coarser than " pea coal."
Mr. FOSTER. And there is " dust coal," as
I am informed.
Mr. COWAN. It may be so. I am not famil-
iar enough with the anthracite trade to say.
I would remark, in conclusion, Mr. President,
that those who work these mines are not very well
able to endure any additional burdens upon their
trade. The business is by no means either safe or
profitable, because competition has reduced the
profits of it quite too low, considering the risks at-
tending it. Being of such great weight and bulk,
and the cost of carrying i t on tcringso largely into its
price, the slightest derangement or interruption of it
is too often rum to those engaged in it. Sometimes
the same mine will break up several successive
proprietors before one is lucky enough to secure
such a footing for himself as will enable him to
meet and to overcome the accidents which con-
stantly beset him. This is especially the case with
the trade upon the great western rivers, where,
from very low water, very high water, ice, and
other casualties of navigation, the risks of the
trade are enough to deter any except the bold and
hardy men who engage in it.
Todemand from them the paymentof any con-
siderable tax before the trade is accommodatcd to
the new conditions tins bill is calculated to bring
about in the market, will no doubt operate hardly
upon them; but if it is anything like their fair
.share, they are the last men in the country to re-
fuse to meet it, when the very existence of the
Government is threatened.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not attempt, be-
cause I am unable, to answer the very learned
and interesting discourse which the Senator has
given us upon motive power and coal, &c. I
shall say but a very few words on this question.
I believe I stand entirely alone among the mem-
bers of the Committee on Finance in my view,
that it is best to hold on to this provision pretty
much as it is m the bill. I believe the commit-
tee are now against me in that particular. The
reason for the distinction between anthracite coal
and bituminous coal is simply that by the reci-
procity treaty as it is called, we are bound to
admit coal from the British provinces free of duty,
and their coal is bituminous coal. It will not do
to lay upon bituminous coal any duty, that will
give theirs a great advantage over our own. That
is the reason for the distinction. Again: it does
not come in competition with anthracite coal—
that was admitted—because for the uses to which
anthracite coal is devoted as a general mle, there
is no trouble, whatever may be the difference in
price, which is not great, to be sure. For instance,
as fuel, those who arc accustomed to burn coal,
almost universally prefer anthracite on account
of its cleanness, the beauty of the fire, and other
considerations connected with it. So, in most
purposes of machinery, the anthracite coal is used.
The difficulty of competition between the two
kinds of coal, therefore, does not arise to any
very great extent.
The principal reason for putting a tax on coal
is that it goes iftto universal consumption, and
that the increased price of fifteen cents a ton,
which will be a very slight percentage on the
value of a ton of coal when it gets to market,
will be comparatively of no consequence. I think
that argument is a good one. It does bring an
increased burden to a certain extent to manufac-
turers who use it as the motive power for their
machinery.
The consideration that this tax would yield a
large amount, that the burden when laid would be
very equally distributed over the community, and
that it would be very light in point of fact, un-
doubtedly induced the House of Representatives
to lay this duty upon coal. I am told, however,
that there was another consideration which per-
haps finally settled the question in that Hoftse,
and that was that a gentleman from Pennsylvania
accidentally let out in discussion that they did not
want the General Government to tax it because
Pennsylvania wanted to raise revenue out of it.
That pretty much settled the question, because it
was considered that inasmuch as it went all over
the country and everybody paid for it, there was
some reason why Pennsylvania should not have
the exclusive benefit of the taxatiou to be raised
from it which was in fact to be levied upon the
consumers all over the country.
These were the principal considerations that
induced me to believe that the tax was a good one.
I think, however, it ought to be brought nearer
to an equality; there should not be so much of a
distinction between the bituminous coal and the
anthracite. I think the duty on anthracite should
perhaps he lessened somewhat, but not to the
degree that the Senator from Pennsylvania seems
to think it ought to be reduced. But, sir, I con-
fess that my faith in relation to this tax has been
very much shaken by conversations that I have
had with gentlemen on whom I rely. I am told
that the coal trade has never been a very remu-
nerative trade in the end to those engaged in it; and
besides, everything that goes into the production
of coal is taxed, such as powder and oil, and all
the implements that are used. And then pretty
much everything is taxed to which it is applied,
except so far as it is used for fuel. It is therefore
taxed at both ends, and this additional tax will
be a pretty heavy one in the middle, and a greater
burden, it is said, than the coal is really able to
bear.
One argument used by my friend from Penn-
sylvania, though not here perhaps, was that there
were a great many farmers in Pennsylvania who
had mines of their own, and produced small quan-
tities. Under the bill they are not taxed unless
the production amounts to six hundred dollars'
worth; so that it cannot affect those farmers who
do a little mining on their own account.
Again: it is a fact that but one of the large com-
panies inteiested in coal objected to this tax. We
had a delegation from the other great companies
owning coal lands, and manufacturing coal (if I
may use that expression) and taking it to market,
who desired that the tax should be kept on, for
they said it would come somewhere, and if the
General Government did not tax it, Pennsylvania
would, and it would bear a reasonable tax. That
opinion influenced me very much, and I acted
upon it.
I have stated these facts for the consideration
of the Senate. I do not profess to believe that my
judgment is worth much upon the subject; but if
this tax on coal is to work, as many suppose, in-
juriously, so injuriously as seriously to affect the
business, really I do not desire that it should be
laid, for I do not want to injure materially any
business. A tax is a burden undoubtedly, what-
ever we lay it upon; but, as my friend says, con-
sidering coal as a mere production, and not as a
manufacture, it is the only one that is burdened
in this way.
I have deemed it my duty simply, in reply to
what has been said, to state these facts to the Sen-
ate. The Senate can decide the question very
