1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2471:
much bettor than any individual can, and 1 am
perfectly willing to leave the decision to the body;
and, so far as I am concerned, notwithstanding
the intimation of my friend from New York that
I adhere to everything with great tenacity, I shall
be entirely satisfied with whatever decision the
Senate may make. The amount to be derived
from this tax will be something like a million and
a half of dollars.
Mr.HARRIS. I entertain on thisquestion very
much the same views that have been expressed
by the Senator from Maine. *1 have conversed with
quite a number of persons engaged in the coal
business, and from what I have learned from them
and what I know myself in relation to it, my own
judgment is that the article of coal, as well per-
haps as any other article of merchandise, will bear
a reasonable tax. I believe that its consumption
is distributed in the community in such a way as
that it will equalize the tax perhaps as well as
almost any other item. The only difficulty I see
about it is that which has been alluded to by the
Senator from Maine; it is the operation of the re-
ciprocity treaty, which we are encountering in
almost every direction. It is said, and I do not
know how much force there is in that, that the
coal introduced from the British provinces under
that treaty will come in competition with the bitu-
minous coal of the country.
Mr. COWAN. 1 will state to the Senator, if
he will allow me, that I have paid some little at-
tention to that matter. The amount ofcoal brought
from Nova Scotia, (over fourteen thousand tons in
I860,) so far as I could learn never met the bitu-
minous coal of thePennsylvaniafield in the east-
ern market. That coal is carried a certain distance
east; the Nova Scotia coal is carried a certain dis-
tance south; but they never meet. The interme-
diate point between the two is supplied by Scotch
coal brought over in ballast. I did not base the
argument on the fact that it was in competition
with the Nova Scotia coal, but if the supply is
lessened by a tax, and the price rises, I am not pre-
pared to say that it will not come in competition;
it has not so far.
Mr. HARRIS. That is the only objection I
have seen against the taxing of coal. My own
belief is that a moderate tax upon coal, if the tax
be equalized between the different kinds of coal,
bituminous coal taxed as much as anthracite,
could be paid with as little injury to the public as
perhaps any other tax. And' there is this advant-
age about it, that the rich, those who are in com-
fortable circumstances in life, will be made to pay
a more equitable shaie of the lax in this way than
they will on many of the subjects that have been
taxed. 1 could mention subjects that arc tax^d
by this bill where the great burden is going to fall
on the poor; but it is not so much so in this case.
The rich man consumes a great deal more coal than
the poor man, and thus he will be made to pay a
fairer proportion of the tax. My own belief is
that if coal were taxed, anthracite and bituminous
alike,some ten cents a ton, a very respectable rev-
enue might be derived from it, and nobody would
feel any injury. I should be glad to vote for some
proposition of that kind. I do not think it just,
however, to tax anthracite coal fifteen cents a ton,
and bituminous coal only three and a half cents.
I think they should be taxed equal. I understand
that the quantity of each consumed in the country
is about equal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 understand this from the
dealers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 inquired about it, and I
understood that the consumption was about eight
millions of tons of anthracite and from four to five
millions of bituminous.
Mr. HARRIS. Notwithstanding what the Sen-
ator says, I am informed by men upon whose in-
formation I would rely sooner than I would upon
those from whom the Senator derives his inform-
ation, that, taking the whole country together—
West as well as East—the quantity of coal con-
sumed is about equal between the anthracite and
the bituminous; but that is not a matter of great
co'nsequence. The expenses are about the same.
If theie is any difference, in the aggregate bitu-
minous coal coasts a little less, but they arc very
nearly alike in the market. I think it would be
judicious to levy a small tax; I would not make
'it as hush as fifteen cents; ten cents, iff my judg-
ment, would be better upon coal, both anthracite
and bituminous. Of course, however, my opin-
ion is worth but very little on this subject.
Mr. COWAN. The Senator from New'\sbrk
has fallen into a most fundamental error in sup-
posing that the rich use more coal than the poor.
The individual rich man may use more coal than
the individual poor man; but the honorable Sen-
ator cannot forget that for every individual rich
man we have twenty individual poor ones; and
when you take the aggregate of the poor and the
aggregate of the rich, 1 have no hesitation in say-
ing that the poor of the country to-day use more
coal,'four times over, than the rich. He is will-
ing that a light tax may be put upon the article.
I should like to know what Senators consider a
light tax. It is true, weigh them in the balance,
ten cents Opposite to a ton of coal is a light tax;
hutadvalorem, what kind of a tax is it? Ten cents
is one ninth of the whole value of the coal; and
yet it is not half an hour since the same Senator
was eloquent against putting six per cent, upon kid
gloves.
Mr. HARRIS. Not kid—buck skin.
Mr. COWAN. Well, buck sk'm,if you please.
Is that alight tax or a heavy tax? If I can under-
stand the principle of this bill, the uniform per-
centage is three per cent. I propose to make it
five in this case, and yet the gentleman is not sat-
isfied with that, but must have it three times as
much perhaps. The committee propose three and
a half cents a ton; he says teg. Why ten? Why
ten upon this commodity rather than any other?
I must confess I do not see. Because it weighs
two thousand two hundred and forty pounds is
no reason why it should be ten cents, whereas, if
it weighed but ten ounces, it should only then be
one cent. If is said the tax can be readily paid.
I suppose it can be paid as taxes are paid upon
articles of prime necessity; butwhat other article
of prime necessity is taxed here I ask. Not one
in the catalogue, except perhaps it be the tax on
slaughtered cattle, which I would strikeout..
Mr. FESSENDEN. Sugar.
Mi. COWAN. Sugar is taxed, but sugar is
protected.
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator allow me to
answer that question right here.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator asks what article
of prime necessity is taxed. I think I have a very
ready answer. There is a tariff duty upon the ar-
ticle of hides of ten per cent. Hides are tanned
into sole leather, and we tax them a cent a pound by
this bill when you get the ludes into sole leather.
The sole leather is manufactured into boots and
shoes, and the boots and shoes arc taxed three
per cent, ad valorem. Theie are three taxes. Now
1 take it, leather is as much an article of prime
necessity as coal, and I take it, too, that it is con-
sumed quite as much by the poor as coal, and the
proportion is quite as great. 1 have heard no Sen-
ator object to that. Here are three taxes upon the
consumer of leather, an article of prime necessity,
an article a vast proportion of which is consumed
by the poor. Is the Senator answered ?
Mr. COWAN. 1 do not know anythingabout
the tariff upon hides. I supposed the hides used in
the country were produced here, and that the tariff
was for their benefit; but they may be imported.
I do not know anything about that; but even sup-
pose that to be as is suggested by the honorable
Senator, still it does not make the tax on leather
and shoes, and all put together, equal, advalorem,
to the tax he proposes upon coal. For mypait,
I am in favor of imposing but one tax upon leather;
and I did not observe until to-day in the bill—it
had escaped me—that leather in some cases is
taxed twice. I think that is wrong; I think it
ought to be corrected. I think a commodity of
that kind should pay but its one tax. If we look
at it in that aspect, it will be observed that coal
enteis into the composition; the very yaid that
tans his leather is driven by coal; the machinery
is worked by coal. Coal is in everything, and
coal is taxed everywhere. If you undertake to
ascertain how much it is taxed ad valorem^ by
tracing it through all the various compounds into
winch it enters as an element, you wiil find the
Government revenue derived from it and its pro-
duction will equal more than the value of it at the
pit's mouth.
Then, I say, I do not object to a reasonable tax,
but I object to the estimate of the Senator from
New York as to what a reasonable tax is. I may
say further, that I am not speaking for Pennsyl-
vania; I speak as well for the constituents of the*
Senator from New York, the constituents of the
Senator from Massachusetts, the constituents of
all Senators who use this indispensable commod-
ity. Part of the burdens, at least the consumer's
share, will fall upon them. It is only the general
effect that the miners will feel, but they will feel
the particular effect in having this especial tax
saddled directly upon the commodity they use.
My friend from Maine, I believe, enjoys the
luxury of a wood fire in his dwelling at home*
Docs anybody propose to tax cord-word? In my
State you can just as well levy a tax on cord-wood
as you can upon coal. You can sometimes get
twenty miles of it in a continuous line, corded up
along the lines of railway. Nobody proposes to
tax it. I do not know whether my friend from
New York has a coal fire or wood fire; but I know
that if somebody were to propose to tax wood as
fuel there would be a gretft many startling and
forcible objections against the scheme ;Ave should
hear from a great many quarters that are now
silent.
Then, Mr. President, I have a word to say in
regard to the statement that somebody somewhere
supposed that if this Government did not tax coal,
Pennsylvania would tax it. Is that a considera-
tion to be brought here into the United States Sen-
ate to influence us in our deliberations after we
have heard expressed so eloquently the true prin-
ciples which should govern us in levying a tax,
and the proper motives which should actuate us
in the imposition of it? I should think not. I
know nothing of the gentleman who has discov-
ered the intention of Pennsylvania in this behalf.
I should like to see him. I know nothing of del-
egations from the coal men of Pennsylvania who
want coal taxed. I never saw them. They must
have taken very good care to make their appear-
ance before the Finance Committee at atime when
I was no! there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely said that I had
heard it stated that some Representative from
Pennsylvania, in a debate in the other House, let
out the fact that it was proposed that Pennsyl-
vania should tax coal for State purposes.
Mr. COWAN. I did not understand the Sen-
ator to make that statement on his own personal
knowledge. I saw a large delegation of gentle-
men, not from Pennsylvania ajpne, but from New
York and Baltimore and Philadelphia, and I am
not so certain that there were not some from fur-
ther down East, who came to the Finance Com-
mittee to protest against this tax upon coal, and
who demonstrated, I thought, as far as was pos-
sible a thing could be demonstrated, that it would
he not only ruinous to the country,but destruc-
tive to the miner, and would absolutely put out the
fires of the engines which stand over the pits of
the anthracite coal region.
Can we legislate here to snap up what we may
suppose to be within the grasp of the States? If
we do tax coal, there is nothing to preventPenn-
sylvania from taxing it in addition; and if Penn-
sylvania is about to tax it, I say that instead of
being a consideration why Congress should tax
it, is one of the reasons why they should exempt
it. If you leave it to Pennsylvania, those whom
her Legislature represents will be the victims of
the tax on its imposition. If the mill of Massa-
chusetts, of Connecticut, of Rhode island, of New
Yoik, is to be curtailed in its revolutions by this
tax, the representatives of those States are interest-
ed to prevent it. if the whole country, in the whole
| ftame and texture of it, is to feci the pressure that
j is to be put upon its vital organs in the shape of
! this tax, then I say we are all interested to prevent
i it, every one of us, the representative from Cali-
I fornia as well as the i epresentative from Maine.
I would as soon undertake to tie the arteries of a
strong man before starting him out upon a race as
j to touch that power of any country which moves
j its machinery and which performs its heavy bur-
dens. Since coal has taken the transportation of
J the country upon itself, the hoises have leisure
j now to aid the farmer. As soon as they were
unhitched from the great road-wagon of com-
mence, they were turned into the reaper and the
mower, tinder the inlluence of this one article
and the inventions which it suggests and which
it gives rise to, the time will come when the man
himself, relieved of all his heavy burdens, will
have the light task of standing beside the throttle-
