2472.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
valve instead of furnishing the brute force which
is to move the agents of his industry.
Mr, SIMMONS. I do not suppose we shall
get any vote on this coal matter to-night.
:Several Senators. Move an adjournment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not going- to move an
adjournment just yet. The Senator from Maine
made a mistake which I know he did not mean to
fall,into. He said that in committee everybody
agreed that coal would bear a tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. [ said that now I stood
alone; all the rest of the committee were against
me on this question.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator said that anthra-
cite was used nearly altogether for purposes of
motive power. Now, I know one very large es-
tablishment which uses as much, I think, as twelve
tons a day, that uses two kinds of coal, and per-
haps three. The Senator from Pennsylvania said
that the bituminous coal of Nova Scotia never
comes quite up to the line of the anthracite in
consumption, l happen to know tfyat a man was
herein Washington three or four days ago who
had been up to a place called Frostburg—X do not
know where it is.
Mr. COWAN. Near Cumberland, in Mary-
land.
Mr. SIMMONS. He went up there to arrange
about getting coal down. There was some diffi-
culty about getting it through on the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, and he arranged to have it
come by canal. That man lives a little beyond
Rhode Island; he is a Fall River man. They
bring theJ^ova Scotia coal right by him. The
different kinds of coal pass each other over all the
coal-consuming regtons. It is an entire mistake
to suppose that the western coal does not come
in competition with the coal of Pictou. I know it
does in our State. My own opinion is, that any
tax on coal is a mistake. There ought not to be
any duty upon it.
The Senator from New York said th&t he had
not heard anybody make any complaint about the
duty on Icatherarul shoes. When f addressed the
Senate the other day, it was one of the principal
topics I had to complain of that there were twenty-
five or twenty-six descriptions of leather, on each
' of which a different tax was laid, and that it would
take more men to assess these taxes than it would
to collect $150,000,000 by a sensible process. I
made that remark, £ut yet he say s nobody has com-
plained of it. I think all these taxes that tend to
cripple industry are malicious, and never ought
to be entertained one hour in the Senate unless we
are driven to them by dire necessity. If wc comc
to that I would agree to throw in about one quar-
ter of what I eat, and I think I should fare about as
well as I do now, for I believe we all eat a quarter
too much. No.w, I should like to make a motion
to adjourn, if the Senator from Maine would con-
sent to it. It is half past six o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall simply call for the
yeas and nays.
JJtfr. SIMMONS. Oh, bo reasonable. This is
Saturday night, and in old-fashioned Presbyterian
times you could not get a man to work to this
time of night on Saturday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are allPresbyterians,
I suppose, when we want to adjourn on Saturday
evening.
Mr. SIMMONS. And wc are Sabbatarians, I
suppose, because we want to adjourn over Sat-
urday. But 1 am willing to stay; I believe I can
stand U as long as my friend from Maine.
Mr. WILMOT. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I know the Senator is inter-
ested in this question; lie naturally must be, and
if he will give way I will move an adjournment.
I think this subject had better go over until next
week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted-—yeas 9, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Harris, llnivaid,
owmncr, T|umbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilaiot—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Cowan, Davis, Di.xon,
DoolulJe, JYssenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan. Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham. McDougall,
Moinli, Ne-mith, Pomeroy, Powell, Saulsbury, Sherman.
Summons, W ilicy, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—
So the Senate refused to adjourn
Mr WILMOT. Mr. President, I have a very
few words to say on the amendment offered by my
colleague. I will, however, first say that I am
opposed to this whole bill. To me it appears to
be ^cumbersome, complicated piece of machinery,
which* will require a very large number of office-
holders to execute it. It will send them into every
man 's dwelling and into every man's place of busi-
ness. It is to my mind a very mischievous bill
indeed. I believe that the bill proposes to raise
twice the revenue that the wants of the country
demand. I have no doubt about it. A revenue
of f75,000,000 raised by internal taxation will be
abundant for all the purposes that are required
by the Government. Our tariff yields us about
sixty millions of dollars. In time of peace, with
the additions made to it recently, it will yield us
§100,000,000, in my judgment. We had a state-
ment here a few days since as to the indebtedness
ofthe country, from which it appears that we shall
be indebted at the close of this fiscal year about
live hundred and fifty millions of dollars. We
want to provide for the payment of interest on that
debt, and if it be necessary, a small sinkingfund. I,
however, would provide no sinking fund at this
day—not one dollar. I would have the Govern-
ment stand between the people and the public
creditor. At this time let us provide for the pay-
ment of the interest on the public debt, and let it
stand thus for the next five or seven years. The
Government can borrow money at a rate of in-
terest not exceeding five per cent, to-day, and it
may cost the tax payer fifteen or twenty per cent,
to raise the money necessary to meet this tax.
Let the Government stand between the tax payer
and the public creditor,and notattemptatthis time
to raise any surplus revenue for purposes of liquid-
ation. We can provide for that in the future,
when experience shall have demonstrated how we
can best do it and with the least injury to the public
interest and with the least burden to the people.
I am therefore opposed to the bill, and shall vote
cheerfully for the substitute of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Again, sir, while I favor the motion of my col-
league, I am opposed to the imposition of any tax
whatever on coal. It destroys the integrity of the
bill, and why the committee should attempt to
depart from the gcneial principles of the system
for the purpose of imposing a tax on coal, 1 can-
not understand. Where is the raw material taxed
in this bill, except coal ? Thecommittee struggled
hard in order to avoid a tax on cotton, upon the
ground that it was a raw material. Coal is a raw
material. Coal pays, under this bill, or under
any tax billof this character, which is spread over
all the industry of the country, very heavy bur-
dens. There is scarcely an article that enters into
theproduction of coal that is nol taxed. Powder,
oil, steam, iron, almost every article that enters
largely into the production of coal is taxed under
this bill. Again, nearly every article of manu-
facture into which coal largely enters is taxed.
And now, besides, coal is made to pay a heavy
burden. The proposition of the House of Rep-
resentatives is to tax coal sixteen and two thirds
per cent. It is worth about ninety ccnts a ton at
the pit's mouth. Fifteen cents a tt>n tax is six-
teen and two thirds percent. What reason or
justice is theie in a tax of this character ? I can-
not conceive of any. Why a raw material of
such general use, and so invaluable in all the in-
dustry of the country, should be singled out to
bear so heavy a tax, I cannot comprehend. The
proposition of my colleague on behalf of the Fi-
nance Committee is to reduce it to three and a half
cents a ton. This is more reasonable, and yet it
is, in my judgment, unreasonable. Of the money
which has been invested m the coal operations of
Pennsylvania nine tenths, if not nineteen twen-
tieths, has been sunk. The men who have put their
money in that business have not derived profits.
You tax the salaries of the presidents, cind all the
officers employed by the coal companies for the
purpose of carrying on this business; you tax
the dividends of the companies; you tax the in-
comes of the companies; you burden them with
taxation, in myjudgment,greater than any other
interest in the country is burdened with.
What apology can be offered for refusing to tax
cotton and insisting upon this taxation on coal?
You tax whisky and all the various articles of in-
toxicating drinks, hut you do not tax the raw
material out of which they are manufactured.
Why do you not tax wheat and corn ? I can t^ll
you the reason: because there are hundreds of
thousands engaged in their production, and you
dare not lay a tax on them. There are but few,
comparatively, engaged in the production of coal.
It is an interest which, from the small numbers
engaged in it, is at the mercy of Congress, as it
were. Why do you not tax raw material in other
cases? While you tax beer, you do not tax bar-
ley and hops, from which beer is produced. Why
not? Because to do so would violate the principle
ofthe bill/ Now, sir, coal is a raw material. It
enters largely into the consumption of almost
every family in the la-nd. The poor and the rich
alike consume it.
I may be told that this tax will not affect the
production of coal. I think it will. I may be told
that the tax imposed on coal will come out of the
consumer. In my judgment, it will not be so.
The price of coal, more, perhaps, than of any other
article, depends upon demand and supply. If
the demand be large and the- supply small, the
price will be enhanced: but on the other hand, if
the demand be limited and the supply large, coal
will be reduced in price. It will bear precisely
the same price in market, and the producer of the
coal will receive precisely the same money for
his product, whether you impose this tax -or do
not. It will not make one penny's difference in
what he will receive. He will have to pay every
farthing of tax placed on this article.
For these reasons, and for others which I could
assign, I am opposed to the imposition of any
burden upon coal, not because it is the product
of my own State, but because 1 believe that jus-
tice to the whole country demands that it should
not be taxed.
Mr, CHANDLER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says that the Government can borrow
money at five per cent., while itmay cost individ-
uals twelve or fifteen per cent. Sir, how was it
eighteen months ago? Eighteen months ago our
bonds were selling at eighty-two cents on the
dollar, and *we were beggars in the market at
twelve per cent, per annum, with an expenditure
of less than eighty millions of dollars per annum.
To-day weare spending at the rate of §600,000,000
per annum, and, as the Senator says, and says
truly, wc can borrow money at five per cent.
Why is that? Because we have solemnly pledged
the country and the world that we would tax our-
selves $150,000,000 per annum to pay the interest
on the publi9 debt, and to pay a portion of the
expenditures. Now, sir, reduce your taxation to
f<5,000,000, and where will your bonds stand?
ou will not be able to borrow money for twelve
or fifteen or twenty per cent., and instead of see-
ing your bonds at eighty-two cents, where they
were eighteen months ago, you will see them at
seventy-five or sixty-five cents on the dollar. It is
simply your pledgethatyou will pay $150,000,000
by taxation that has carried your bonds up to
above par, and has enabled you to stand before
the world, not as a nation of bankrupts, but a
nation able to bear its burdens.
Mr. WILMOT. Seventy-five millions of dol-
lars would pay the interest on $1,500,000,000 of
indebtedness at five per cent.
Mr. CHANDLER. You are not borrowing
your money at five per cent, even to-day. You
have paid seven and three tenths for all you have
borrowed since the war .began, for I believe the
six per cent, bonds were negotiated on that basis,
with the simple exception of the $40,000,000
forced upon you m the shape of temporary loans.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And which may be called
for in ten days.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; on all the balance
you are paying to-day seven and three tenths per
cent. The six per cent, bonds which you have
negotiated were on the basis of seven and three
tenths.
Mr. WILMOT. Have we not five per cent,
bonds ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Those are old bonds,
which were selling at seventy-four at the very
time you speak of. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if I am not light in the
statement that the six per cent, bonds were nego-
tiated on the basis of a seven and three tenth loan,
and sold at ninety-one and a half or ninety-two?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not recollect, pre-
cisely.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What are the six per
cents worth now ? One hundred and "four.
Mr. CHANDLER. One hundred and four and
