1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1510s
So (ho rules were suspended; and the House
accoidmgly resolved itseii into the Committee of
the Whoieoti the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The question being on Mr. Bingham's amend-
ment, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. For the purpose of un-
tying the knot, i move to amend by striking out
the whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion.has to be
reserved until the question be taken on the gen-
tleman's own motion to amend the paragraph.
. The question being on Alr.SHEF* hold's, amend-
ment, as amended, to strike out the words " checks
under fifty dollars, except checks drawn on banks
of deposit,"
Mr. MORTON" demanded tollers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sheffield
and Goocii were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 45. *
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I move to amend the par-
agraph by insulting, after the word '"demand,"
the words " except drafts or orders under fifty
dollars*," so that it will read:
F>i!l ot exchange, (inland.)—Promissory not?, draft, or
oi,d<M lor the pa\ ment o,'atiy Mini o! money di.twn upon any
bank, ti um company, oi any person or person-., comnanie*
or coipoumons at M^lit or on demand, except dialu or
onlcis under 11.ly dollar, two tent-*.
The amendment was adopted.
The question recurred on Mr. Sheffield's
amendment, to strike out the whole paragraph;
and it was rejected; there being, on a division—
ayes 36, nor* 54.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. 1 now move to
amend the paiagrnph by inserting, after the word
" ante," the word "check."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment isnotin
order. The word "check" has already been
struck out by the committee, and it is not in older
to move to \ estoro it.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. It was stricken out
because it was found in bad company,on account
of an amendment.
The CHAiltM AN. The gentleman's remarks
arc not in order, donate being closed.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. 1 ask unanimous
consent to make an inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state again
what u has stated several times already, that, ac-
cording to the a uthoi ity of Barclay's Digest, even
unanimous consent cannot authonze remarks to
be made in committee when the House has ordered
the debate to be closed.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. If it be in order,
I move to insert, ufter the word " note," the words
" bank check."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in
otde r.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. Is it in order to
say anything about it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Waltox, of Maine,
The Chairman ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Walton of Maine, and Cobb were appointed.
The committee divided; and the telleis reported
—ayes 53, noes 40.
So tin- amendment was adopted.
Mr. WOODRUFF. The words " bank checks"
having b«-en added, and the committee having de-
cided to exempt drnftsororders under fitry dollars,
it is necessary to include checks also. I therefore
move to amend by inserting, before the word
" drafts," the words " bank checks," striking out
the word " or," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "and;" so that it will read, "except bank
checks, draft?., and orders under fifty dollars."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I move to
amend by inserting, before the words "bank
checks," the woids " promissory notes," so that
it will read, "except piomissory notes, bank
checks, drafts, and orders under fifty dollars."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "demand," the words " payable
at any place without the State where drawn."
Mr. BINGHAM. I am opposed to that amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
dfbate it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CUTLER. I move, to amend the next
paragraph by inserting, after the word " order,"
in the ninth line, the words " over fifty dollars
or;" so that it will read:
Bill of exchange, (inland.)—Piomissoiy note, draft, or
order over fifty doilais, or for the payment in any other
manner than at sight, or on demand, of any sum of money
not exceeding -$o00, live cents.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HORTON". I move to amend in the sev-
enteenth line by striking out the words " three
or," and inserting m lieu thereof the words " than
one;" so that it will read, " more than one."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend in the eigh-
teenth line by inserting, after the word " set," the
words "or drawn in any foieign country, but
payable in the United States."
The amendment was adopted.
The paragraph, as amended by the two last
amendment, reads:
Bills of exchange, (foreign,> or letter of credit drawn in
but piyable out of the United States, if diawn singly; or if
(iiawn ni a *et of nioie than one, according to The custom
of meiehatit-< and hanker, for every bill of each <et; or
drawn in ;my loieign eountiy luit payable m the United
States whore tlio -u':n made pa\able shall not exceed $.700*,
or the equivalent thereoi m any foreign cuirency in winch
Mirh bi!l> ui.ij he e.\prOf.sed, accoiriiug to the standard of
value fi\e<3 by the United State*, live cents.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the para-
graph as to express companies by striking out
the following:
Any bal<-, bundle, ho\.oi package of any description, car-
ried hv any cwpie-s company or earner, or pei«on acting
.in -uch, n the height oi ch.ugo upon the t-ame tdiall not
exceed li(l\ rriiN, tinee cenN ; il e weeding filty eenfs and
not e\ee< ding one dollar, live cents exceeding one dollar,
ten eenS.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Foi e\erv iceeipt i^ued In anv expie*-. company or ear-
i iei oi pei-on \vho-e occupation it i- to act a-. Mich, foi evciy
single box, hale, package, or bundle, l\vo cents; lor any
nutnhei ot packages- inoie than one, five cents.
The amendment was adopted.
The following paragraph being under consider-
ation—
Cei tifieate of profits, or any certificate or memorandum
showing an interest ni the piopeity or accumulations ot any
uicoiporated company, twenty five cent^,
Mr. liOR TON moved to amend by striking out
the wo. e-j " twenty-five ecnts," and inserting in
lieu thereof-as follows:
if foi a sum not let.* than ten dollar? and not exceeding
fi'ty dollai-, Jen cent-s; for a sum exceeding fifty dollar?.,
twenty-five cent-*.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph being under consider-
ation—
Conveyance, deed, instrument, or wilting, whereby any
land-, tenement^. or ot her things sold shall bo granted,
leaded, at-igned. tian-fened, or otherwise conveyed to, or
vo.-ted in the pmeha-er or puiehaser-, or any other pei on
oi person-, by his, her, or their dnecuon, one dollar,
Mr. HORTON moved to amend by striking out
" one dollar," and inserting in lieu thereof as fol-
lows:
When the cons'ideiation does not exceed $.>00, fifty cent-*.
When the con«ideiation exceeds one dollar.
Mr. DIVEN. I wish to inquire of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether by the, words
" or other things," in tins paragraph, they intend
to include every bili of sale by which any article
of property whatever is transferred ? It seems to
me that the paragraph as it reads would scarcely
bear ony other constitution. 1 move to strikeout
the words " or other things." '
The CHAIRMAN. The Choir will suggest
that the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York is hardly germane to the pending
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
It will be in order as an original amendment when
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio shall
have been disposed of.
Mr. MENZIES. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to the amendment. I propose to insert after
the word ''consideration" the. words "exceeds
£100 and," so that it will read, " where the con-
si de rat ion exceeds $100, and does not exceed $o00,
fifty cents." The el Tent of myamendment will be
that there will be no tax where the consideration
is§300 or less, but that betweeu one hundred and
five hundred dollars it will be fifty cents. I'donot
think there ought to be this tax upon conveyaa?
cers where thes thing conveyed is of so little value*
It very often occurs that these conveyances'd.o not
represent a consideration of more than .left, fifteen,
or twenty dollars, and on such conveyances.,'I
think this tax of fifty cents ought not to be re-
quired. I hope the amendment will be adopted^
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment, as amended, by striking out the word
" consideration,"andinserting the word" value*,"
so that it will read, " where the value does not
exceed," &c.
Theamendmenttotheamendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from New York that his amend-
ment will now be in order.
Mr. DIVEN. No, sir. I am satisfied with
the clause as it is.
Mr. HORTON. I move still further to amend
the paragraph by striking out the word "leased,"
and inserting in place thereof the word " granted."
We have provided for the other in another place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move again to amend the
same paragraph by striking out the word, "thing,"
and inserting the word " realty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend, in the fifty-seventh line, by striking out
the words " conveyance of any goods or mer-
chandise on board,"and inserting in place thereof
the word "chaiter." The paragraph, as amended,
would then read:
Ohartei paitj.—Contract or agreement tor the charter of
any <-hip or ve^el, oi -teamei, or any letter, memorandum,
or other writing between the captain, master, oi owner, or
person acting a>- agent of any ship or vessel, oi steamer,
and any othei person oi persons for or tcJnung to the freight
or charter of Mieh -.hip or vessel, or steamer, if the legis-
teied tonnage oi Mich -dup or vessel, or steamer, does not
exceed Unee bundled tons, three dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
passed that paragraph. If there be no objection,
however, the gentleman will be permitted to offer
his amendment.
Theic was no objection.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is very often
that there is no agreement for the conveyance of
merchandise on board a vessel, except the bill of
lading, and I think the wordingof the paragraph
would require the payment of three dollars for
every bill of lading. 1 therefore olfer this amend-
ment for the purpose of accomplishing what was
obviously the intention in framing the clause of
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The folio wing paragraph of the bill being under
consideration—
Difpatch, (telegraphic.)—Any dispatch or message sent by
telegiapii: Provided, That all message.-and dispatches sent
or forwarded, on the business or for the vise ot telegraph
companies oi raihoad companies, >ueh as may ne sentand
leceived free ot charge, and -uch a'i may be tot the u e of
any fire or police department of any city or town, shall be
e.\euipt Irom duly, three doliais,
Mr. HORTON moved to amend by striking
out the word "companies," and inserting the
woid "expiess;" so as to make it read, "tele-
graph, express, or railroad companies."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph of the bill being under
consideration—
Entry of any good-*, wares, or merchandise at any cus-
tom house, either lor consumption or vvaiehousmg, one
dollar,
Mr. HORTON moved to amend by striking
out " one dollar," and inserting m place thereof
as follows:
Not exceeding .-$100 in value, twentj five cent? ; exceed-
in? $100, ami not exceeding .S'30'J m value, tuiy cents ; ex-
ceeding £o0G in value, one dollar.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraphs of the bill being under
consideration—
Insurance, (life.)—-Policy of insurance, or other instru-
ment In whatever name the same -hall be Culled, whereby
any m-uiance >hall be made upon an) life oi lives—
VViieie the tuni in-uted >hail not exceed the sum of
,5'2,ovX). ti't\ C'MW.
13\e -ediny the >um ot and not exceeding $10,000,
onf dolhii.
1! J^eeed'ng the tu n of SiO.OQO, fyl 50,
