1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
your general officer, as to how he intends to conduct
the campaign, ought to be known to the people.
If that is true, the people should know everything
at once. Nobody believes in that. For the very
reason that it is a popular Government, and we
are the representatives of the people, they can trust
us with measures which it is not proper should
be known to the world at large. We stand here
for the people, and we act for them. They have
conferred upon us a trust to judge and discriminate
between the measures that they ought to know at
once and those which, for certain reasons, should
be withheld for a certain period. I think, there-
fore, the idea that there is danger in a secret ses-
sion is a mere figment of the imagination. If4t
were a star-chamber proceeding, if it were an in-
quisition that was proposed to be erected over the
heads of the people, not by their consent, and
through their representatives, armed with power
to crush the people under their feet, it would be a
very different thing. But, sir, there is no analogy.
There is no danger to be apprehended from any'se-
crecy which, in the consideration of war measures,
we may deem improper to adopt. It is as proper
for us as it is for the general in the field, as proper
for us as it is for yourCdbinet ministers, to discuss
matters in secret when they pertain to the war.
So I think that objection falls to the ground.
Again, Senators seem to think it is a novel prop-
osition, and therefore objectionable. It turns out,
however, as everybody knew before, that it is in
the power of any member of this body now to
compel the Senate to go into secret session. It is
also in the power of any member of the other body,
but not upon the same terms, not to consider the
same thing. My object was to let both bodies
have the same rules for the consideration of cer-
tain measures. The House have a rule now by
which they can go into secret session; but I be-
lieve it has become almost obsolete from non-
usance. From the time I came into this body I do
not recollect a single instance where the House of
Representatives have goneintosccretsession upon
any question. Undoubtedly the reason has been
because duiing all that period we have been in
Crofound pcace with all the world, and there has
een no necessity at all for a war measure. Why,
sir, we have been in secret session almost daily,
and generally upon matters that might just as well
be discussed m open Senate as in secret; but in times
offlagrant svar, and while yourcapital is besieged,
there aie some reasons why all that is important
for us to know and to do should not go to the
world at large.
Now, sir, we want a joint rule for the two
Houses on this subject, and not let one body act
on rules having no reference to the war and the
other upon old rules got up without any reference
to it, neither having any common end or common
design. Because the rules had no such commu-
nity of design, I believed, and our committee be-
hoved, it was better that we should fix upon a
joint rule; that both bodies should agree upon the
same principle; that during this rebellion, and for
the purposes of its suppression, it would be per-
fectly right that we should agree upon some mode
whereby the Executive Government could com-
municate rapidly to us, and with some assurance
that we would act with facility upon measures that
they thought important, and also with secrecy
where they thought secrecy was necessary.
Gentlemen say they can not imagine a case where
it would be necessary for us to act in secret. Why,
sir, I have measures which, if we were in secret
session, 1 should move immediate legislative ac- '
tion upon, but which aie obviously not proper to
be discussed m open session, because in ten min-
utes or in an hour the enemy would be in posses-
sion of them, and would know precisely what it
is intended to do. Therefore, sir, there is occa-
sion and necessity for this rule. j
Air. WILSON", of Massachusetts. How about j
your fivc-minule rule? 1
Mr. WADE. My five-minute rule has been s
modified at the suggestion of gentlemen; and see- I
ing that they will not confine themselves to it, I
do not consider myself bound by it. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, there is no objection to a secret ses-
sion; but there is, as I said, the most manifest
reason why our machinery should be so fixed that
we can acf with facility upon such measure?! as
the Executive Government deem proper to com-
municate to us in serrecy. What hope would
there he if they submitted a proposition to us for
legislation and we proceeded on our ordinary
rules that we would act upon it in time ? Why,
sir, they could not suppose that we would get a
measure through these bodies in less than two or
three weeks, when perhaps they wanted it passed
in one day, and it was indispensable to act upon it
in one day; and to debate it in open session would
be to defeat the very object they had in view.
Gentlemen do not seem to consider that we are
now in flagrant war before the capital. They will
not believe but that they can take just'such a dil-
atory course as they pursue when peace reigns
throughout the length and breadth of the land. It
is true this war is so much like pcace so far that
I do not wonder thatgentlemen do not really con-
sider that there is war almost at our doors.
[Laughter.] But, sir, although the war lies dor-
mant, still there is war; and it is not intended that
it shall remain in this quiescent state much longer.
The committee to which I have the honor to be-
long are determined, so far as they can exert any
influence upon this Government, that it shall
move, and move with energy. If Congress will
not give us, or give themselves, the power to act
with energy and with efficiency in war, we must
confide everything to the Executive Government,
and let them usurp everything; and were I your
President, if you would not fix your machinery
so that you might advise with me and act with
me, by Heaven, during the rebellion, I would act
independent of you, and you might call it what
you please. [Manifestations of applause in the
galleries.] The Government, however, is not dis-
posed so to act. They are exceedingly anxious
to have the closest communication with us, the
representatives of the people; and they wish us
f?o to frame our legislation and our rules for doing
legislation that we shall do it with energy, with
efficiency, and with secrpcy.
Again, it is objected that we cannot keep a se-
cret, and therefore there is no use in trying. My
friend from Illinois says we have rules now that
are broken every day. Well, sir, I am almost
ashamed to confcss that that is so. What we do
m ordinary secret sessions does become known
somehow, to the shame of the body, for while we
profess to keep it a secret we do not. I have no
doubt,however, that a great deal offsprings from
the fact that we act in executive session on meas-
ures that might just as welt be disposed of in open
sessioft. We act on matteis that every man feels
the people have a right to know just as we go
along; and no doubt that operates upon gentlemen
sometimes to disclose against the technical rule
what is done here, when really he is not to be ex-
culpated for doing so. But when we come to act
upon war measures, when secrecy is of the first
consequence, I do not believe that this Senate will
not keep its own secrets. I have yet to learn that
there is any member here so unpotriotie that he
would fail to keep secret a measure connected with
the war and for the suppression of this rebellion
that should come before us in secret session. I
have more confidence in my follows than that. I
do not believe with the Senator from Illinois that
this body will betray themselves and betray the
Executive and betray the public upon these great
war measures that will come before us. There-
fore, sir, I wish that a rule shall be made not only
for us, hut for the House of Representatives on the
very subject of this rebellion and its suppression,
not having refeience to everything and anything
as the rules now proscribe. This is for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and the measures that we
are to sit in secrecy upon lock to that end and none
other. Therefore all the objections—first that we
have a rule of the Senate by which we can go into
executive session; and second, that the Ilouse has
a rule, which has been almost obsolete, by which
in certain cases they can go into secret session —
fnil. Neither of these rules answers the whole
purpose, nor does away with the necessity of pass-
ing the resolution that 1 have brought forward.
Now, as to the substitute of the Senator from
Massachusetts, he will have it somehow that the
whole question on which it is proposed to go into
secret session shall be discussed in determining
whether we shall go into seciet session or not.
When that is done, it will be vtry unimportant
whether we go into secret session upon it or not.
He says his proposition provides that you shall
decide the question without debate, very well;
that is all I ask. 1 only ask that you shall go in
whenever a Senator, with the responsibilities of
his position upon him, shall rifee m hisplace and
say, " I have commumfeated with the Executive
Government, and I wish you to go into secret ses-
sion to deliberate upon a measure that they deem
important for the suppression of this rebellion*
and which they believe you ought to do at onfee.'*
Does anybody fear that any Senator on this floor,
or any Representative in the House, will t>i$e
with this high duty, that he will drag you into-
secret session upon some unimportant matter ? I^T
he should do so, how long would you consider ifi
to the exclusion of all other matter?
The Senator from Illinois thinks the great ob-
jection to the rule I propose is that it confines us-
to the question proposed by the Executive for our
consideration, and will not let us ramble after other
matters until that is disposed of. I say again*
suppose some thoughtless member should bring
forward a very trifling matter for consideration;
how long would it detain this body? Why, sir,
we should dispose of it in a breath, and proceed
to ot$er business. Butif it was deemed important
by a majority, or by a strong minority, nothing
should preclude the necessity of confining the
body to that measure; for no measure rises in im-
portance above those connected with the suppres-
sion of this accursed rebellion. You do not like
to confine yourself to that. You think you can
figd measures infinitely more important than that.
Sir, they do not exist. While there'is a measure
in the mind of the President connected with the
suppression of this rebellion, there is none that
rises higher in importance than that. Gentlemen
need not infer that we shall be confined here over
trifling subjects. There is no danger of that.
The propriety of what 1 seek by this resolution
is manifest to everybody who will consider it. It
is not novel in principle. Both Houses have oc-
casionally gone into secret session and discussed
matters in secret; therefore it is not novel. It is
no innovation upon the customs of this body or
of the other House; why, then, should "we not do
it? Why should we not give an assurance to the
■ Executive Government beforehand that they may
safely intrust Congress to act upon measures
which they think important, connected with this
rebellion? If you will not fix your machinery so
as to enable you to act in concert with them, it
would bo folly in them to trust to your counsels
measures that they see will defeat themselves by
being discussed in open session, or by the tardy
process by which matters get through here.
Therefore, I say again, youfoice upon the Exec-
utive to usurp powers properly belonging to us*
I hope, sir, the resolution will pass, and pass
in the manner in which it has been submitted by
the committee,and reluctantly modified by myself.
I cannot see that the Senatorfrom Massachusetts
has brought forward a measure that tends more
perfectly to secure the object I have in view than
does this resolution. If I could see that it did, I
would drop this, for I have no pride of opinion
about it. I care not who draws the resolution; I
care not who amende it; if his is better adapted to
reach the object I have in view than mine, I would
drop mine in a moment and adopt his.
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
Mr. WADE., I do not see that it is. If you can
show me that it is so, I will certainly agree to take
yours and drop mine; for I do not care how it is
done, provided we attain the great object of putting
Congress in a way to discuss these war measures:
with energy and efficiency, and in such a manner
that the Executive Government may properly trust
us with that counsel that properly belongs to us.
Mr. LATHAM. I trust the Senate will now
come to a vote on this proposition. I yielded my
nght to the flooi temporarily, and now nearly an
hour has expired. 1 am perfectly willing that
this matter shall be finished; but } certainly am
unwilling that the day shall be consumed m the
discussion of the question.
Mr. WADE. As the Senator generously gave
up his right to the floor in order to have this res-
olution, which 1 supposed would not take half the
time it has, voted on, 1 cannot resist his motion
to postpone it, if he makes such a motion. If
there is any further debate on the subject, I will
not insist on pi casing it.
Mr. LATHAM. If there is to be any further
debate on the resolution I shall insist on my right
to the floor; but I am perfectly willing to allow
Senators to dispose of the subject by takingavote
on if.
