1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2475-
Mr. DAVIS. I supposed it was no harm to
know it at any rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to propose an amendment to remove an
ambiguity. I suppose it may be inserted after line
three hundred and forty-one of section seventy-
one, page 99. It is to insert the following:
Provided, That whenever, by the piovisionsof this bill, a
duty is imposed upon any airietc removed for consumption
or sale, it shall apply only to such articles as are inanulac-
tuted on or afW the l*t day of July, 1862, excepting in
cases where adutyis specialiyassessed upon articles man-
ufactured prior to that date.
I will state that there was some ambiguity there
in regard to a great many articles on hand, such
as patent medicine and other articles, which may
be removed for consumption or sale, and there
was some doubt whether or not articles in exist-
ence on the 1st of July next would be taxed under
this bill; whether they should be stamped, for
instance. This is to remove an ambiguity about it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have time to
consider about that matter. I believe the Senator
is about to put some tax on things on hand. I
want to understand it before I vote on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This provides that it shall
not apply to anything on hand unless there is a
special provision in the act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I intend to propose an
exception to that general provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a formal amend-
ment I wish to propose in line two hundred and
twenty-nine, page 94. I move to transfer the
words "except calf skins" to line two hundred
and thirty-two on the next page, immediately be-
fore the words " one cent per pound." As it now
stands, the words " except calf skins" qualify all
that follows, whereas it should qualify what pre-
cedes, namely, "on all finished or curried upper
leather."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know about that.
It reads, " except calf skins made from* leather
tanned in the interest of the parties finishing or
currying such leather." Where does that apply to ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am told by a person familiar
with the subject that the latter pait, " made from
leather," &c., should qualify what precedes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Put a comma after " calf
skins" and it will answer the same purpose ex-
actly.
Mr. SUMNER. The better way would be to
transfer it to the end of the sentence, immediately
after the word (t rough," and before the woids
" one cent per pound."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 99, between lines throe
hundred and thirty-four and three hundred and
thirty-five, I propose to insert the words u paper
made either wholly or principally of straw," to
come in after the words " all flour and meal made
from grain."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator the
reason why he proposes that amendment?
Mr. HARRIS. I will state the reason. There
is a manufacture, just in its infancy, growing up
in this country of this description. I hold in my
hand a specimen of it. This is paper made of
straw. There are in the county of Saratoga, in
the State of New York, two factories, and one in
the county of Washington, and there are two more
somewhere—I do not know whether they are in
the State ofNew York or in New England—which
manufacture a large quantity of paper from straw.
Ninety per cent, is straw and the ten per cent, is
rope that they use. These three factoriesin Wash-
ington and Saratoga counties, in my State, use four
hundred tons of straw a year in that manufacture
and manufacturing the paper that is used for news-
papers. Jtis in its infancy. Their chemicals are
imported, and upon them"they pay a duty. The
manufacture being in its infancy, those factories
are not now in a condition to compete with other
factories, and I want to relieve them of this three (
percent.tax. It is agreatadvantage to the farmer, ]
for they purchase a large quantity of straw and I
pay some nine oi ten dollars a ton for it. !
Mr. COWAN. I should be very much op-
posed to that amendment. As 1 understand it,
the Senator fiom New York proposes to exempt
from the operation of this tax paper m ide from
straw, for the purpose of protecting a new man-
ufacture in his neighborhood. Why, sir, it is well
known to everybody that almost all the wrapping
paper in the country is made from straw. Paper
manufactured from straw exceeds in amount—
and I am not certain whether it does not exccctl
in value—that made from any other material; and
you should not exempt all that from taxation for
the purpose of protecting one or two manufacto-
ries. I am opposed to it. I think paper manu-
factured from straw can endure this imposition
and bear this burden as well as any other. It
seems to me it was but a few moments ago when
I heard the honorable Senator himself complain
that the landed interest was, by the operation
of this bill, exempted from taxation, and now
he proposes to exempt a large portion of the pa-
per manufactured, in order to relieve that landed
interest still further on account of the sale of
straw. If the infant manufacture is a good one,
and destined to live out healthful maturity, it will
go along and carry its loads like the rest of the
manufactures. .1 have manufactories of other
kinds of paper in my neighborhood, and I am
veiy much opposed to taking away this burden
for the purpose of enabling them to get in com-
petition with mine. I hope, therefore, this amend-
ment will not bo made. *
Mr.HO WE. I think the Senator from NewYork
is mistaken in supposing that this manufacture is an
infant one. I am very confident it is more than
twenty-one years old. I am very confident it is
more than twenty-one years since I heard of tins
manufacture of paper from straw, since I have
been in the habit of seeing the article. Instead
of there being but few manufactories of that soil,
I am satisfied they are all over the country. There
arc manufactories of that kind within thirty miles
of where I reside. It is very evident, inasmuch
as those manufacturers have started in competi-
tion with the manufacturers of paper from other
articles when there was no duty or no tax on any
kind of paper, they are not going to be oppressed
if the same duty is put upon this kind of paper as
upon others. They stand after the tax is put on
ju.'jt where they stand before, with even advant-
ages in the maiket; but if you refuse to tax this
kind then you give an advantage to this kind of
manufacture—an advantage of three percent, over
all other kinds of paper.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no other amend-
ment be offered, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know that the Senator
fiom Rhode Island was desirous of proposing an
amendment. I do not see lmtun his seat at present.
Mi. FE-SENDEN. I have some to oiler my-
self when other gentlemen get through. I have
been waiting in order to ascertain how the bill
stood.
Mr. KING. I wish to renew the amendment
of my colleague m relation to straw paper, making
the duty one percent. He will consent to that
modification. I wish to say that the duty of three
per cent, imposed by the bill on straw paper man-
ufactures, as I am informed by those whoare carry-
ing on the business, will compel them to discon-
tinue their work entirely. I therefore renew the
amendment, modifying it so as to make the duty
one per cent., and I hope in that form it will be
adopted by the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say that I have
not yet offered the substitute that I explained
yesterday. I am waiting on the chairman of the
committee and the Senate to see what they want
to do with this bill. I have not been disposed to
disturb the discussion of this bill and its itnpiove-
ment as well as it can be done; but whenever the
discussion is through on this bill, I propose to
pursue the discussion on its entire merits and the
merits of my own proposition. As the chairman
says he has'other amendments to bung forward,
I have nothing to say at present except this: I
want to give notice to the Senate that I intend to
maintain"that this bill is an enormity, and that I
have proposed a better proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
will do as he pleases on that subject. In the mean
time, until he gets perfectly ready to take up his
bill and go on with it according to his notions, I
suppose the rest of us are at libei ty to go on with
ours. I wish the Senator would do one thing or
another. There is a veiy impoitant proposition
to be made to this bill by the Senator from Ohio
with regard to taxing liquors on hand, which
will elicit discussion, i understand the Senator
from California will not allow him to make that
motion until he has offered his proposition.
Mr. McDOUGALL. He has suggested that he
did not want to do it until 1 presented my propo-
sition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is desirous to-do it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well. I objected,
because I was not prepared at the moment to go
on with it. 1 care nothing about it. If I under-
stand the business of the body, a substitute ought
never to be introduced until the main measure has
been discussed. I think that is the rule. I ac-
ceded to your minority in committee in allowing
them to present this bill. I am willing to allow
you to perfect it, if it can be made perfect, which
I doubt very much; and after you have made it
as well as you can make it, then I propose to ad-
vance my measure for consideration. I spoke
yesterdtfy simply because it was invited by the
remark of the chairman and by the course of dis-
cussion, not wishing to do it at all. Sir, it is a
grave subject that ought to engage the attention of
the Senate, and command their best judgment. I
am in no great haste about this matter. I do not
think a measure involving a tax of $900,000,000
upon the people of this country is a thing to be
hurried through the Senate of the United States
without any judgment of Senators. I say, with
a consciousness of the truth which [ express in
my language, it is a great wrong to undertake to
pass th rough a tax u pon the people of §200,000,000.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, what is the ques-
tion befoie the Senate?
. The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Semite.
Mr. WADE. Then I call the Senator from
California to order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This is the second time
I have been called to order. Ibegpardon. Other
gentlemen have the privilege of speaking, and I
hope I shall be allowed to finish my sentence.
Mr. COWAN. If it is in order, I propose to
move an amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will move an amend-
ment myself first, to make my remarks in order.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn,
as there is no question before the body.
iCir. McDOUGALL. 1 have the floor.
The VICE PRESENT. The Senator from
California is on the floor, and the motion is not
in order.
Mr. McDOUGALE. 1 move to strike outlines
sixteen and se\enteen, on page 75 of the old bill,
as it came to us from the House.
Mr. COWAN. That is amended now by my
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the amendment of the
Senator from California is out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Well, I will move to
stuke out laid oil.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow me to ask him, does he object to the
Senator from Ohio offering his amendment in re-
gard to taxing liquors on hand?
Mr. McDOUGALL. He has not made the
amendment, and I have the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know whether the
amendment of the Senator from California stands
in the way, so that we cannot get that before the
Senate? I should like to have some practicable
measure before us.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have said before that
I propose a substitute which I want to discuss,
and I give notice to the Senate that I intend to
discuss the substitute and the details of the pres-
ent bill beyond what I have yet done.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not answering my
question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As to the amendmentof
the Senator from Ohio, I said to him just now I
preferred adjourning his discussion now. 1 do not
object to his bringing it forward, but I object to
his engaging in the discussion of it now.
Mr.^SIlERMAN. My friend, I know, will
allow me to make an explanation. I offered my
proposition yesterday expecting to have a vote
upon it; but upon the suggestion of the Senator
from California, I said I would not offer it until
he had a vote on his substitute, supposing, as a
matter of course, after he had -spoken at great
length on the substitute, he would offer it, and let
us bring this discussion to a close, and then I
would offer mv amendment. And, with the leave
