THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to create
any debate on this subject; but I believe by an
amendment I can adjust the difference existing
between the Senator from Massachusetts and the
Senator from Ohio. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts objects that a single member can put us
into secret session whether a majority want to go
in or not. The Senator from Ohio objects to hav-
ing a long discussion to determine the question
whether we shall go in or not by the majority. I
submit, as an amendment to the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts, to insert these
words:
That when the doors are shut after heaving the statement;
by the member moving the secret session, ot the reasons
why a secret session is desired, and, if any one objects?,
hearing one member in reply, the question shall be determ-
ined without luriher debate.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We shall then hear the
member state the reason for closing the doors, and
going into secret session, and, if anybody objects,
we shall hear one reply, and then the majority
can decide whether we shall go in or not. That
will reconcile the difficulty.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts adopt that as part of his
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts adopts the suggestion made by the
Senator from Wisconsin; and the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, as mod-
ified, will now be read to the Senate.
The Secretary road it, to strike out all after the
word " rebellion," in the seventh line, in the fol-
lowing words:
The rien.ito or House ot Representatives, as the ca^o may
ho, shall immediately go into s>cerei session, and proen-d to
the consideration ot the moa-urc piopo&eil, .uid hluili cou-
turier no other mattei uatii -;ueii h dUpost'd ol.
And in iieu thereof to insert the following:
Then, on a motion made and --oemuM to j-hut the doois,
the President of the Senate, 01 tin; SpeaUci of tin' iloiiMi
of Rcpio«-entativoi., as the o.ne may he, shall direct the
galUny to be cjoarrd; and when the doors are f-Init aftei
hearing the statement by tin) memhet of tin* reasons vvny
a secret session i-= desired, anci.it' an\ one objects, he.uinu
one member in reply, the question >hall be d< fui mined with-
out debato; and >houid the proceedings in m>eiet session
be oidered, then the consideration o( the matter in, ques-
tion shall be proceeded with to the exclusion ot all other
business until s>ueh matter is di^poaed of.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the hint
clause of it read again; or, perhaps, the gentleman
who has drawn it up will inform us whether it is
designed, when wo once got into secret session,
that we shall remain there until the measure which
we are acting upon is finally concluded.
Mr. WADE. Oh, no; that is modified. The
Senate can adjourn as often as they want to do to
get wind.
Mr. SUMNER. But its business will be al-
ways first in oid*T.
Mr. WADE. This will be m order until finally
disposed of. That is all there is of it now.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one other amendment
which 1 wish to move. It is merely an amendment
of form. It is to strike out the words " to the
Senate or House of Representatives," at the end
of the second line, those words there being en-
tirely superfluous,as they occur in the line before.
As the clause now reads, it is u when, during the
present rebellion, any member of the Senate or
House of Representatives shall lise in his place
and state to the Senate or House of Repreeonta-
tives,"&c. I propose to leave out the latter words
u to the Senate or House of Representatives.*5
Mr. WADE. That is well enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. As the Senator from Massachu-
setts seems to have the care of the resolution now,
I wish to put a question to him relative to its con-
duction. As I understand it now, it provides for
going into secret session on a particular measure,
and lequires that measure to be consideied until
it is disposed of. Suppose the Senate goes into
rfocrctsession and does not finish the measure that
day, are we to meet in secret session the next
motnii'g, or are we to be allowed to transact the
usual morning business with open doors? I think
that, as the proposed rule now reads, we should
be obliged to continue in secret session from day
to day until the measure was disposed of.
Mr. WADE. So we ou°ht.
Mr. HALE. I only want to know if that is
the construction of it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is my construction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that, as the reso-
lution has been modified, it will be totally inoper-
ative, and therefore I hope thatitwiligooveruntil
to-morrow for further consideration. The reso-
lution of my colleague was a plain, simple prop-
osition that would have authorized the Executive
at any time to ask the advice of Congress. As the
proposition now stands, however, it will be totally
inoperative. I know that on important proposi-
tions submitted to this body in sccrct session, it
will be impossible, without a limitation on debate,
to conclude the discussion in a reasonable time.
Here we have been for one hour debating a simple
resolution, when theie is a great pressure on the
Senate to go to other business. If you leave the
resolution as it is now modified by the Senator
fiom Massachusetts, it will amount to nothing.
1 think it will be much better to lot it go over to-
day, and let us consider whether it is not proper
to "fix some limitation on debate.
Mr. WADE. I sec that the Senate are not in
a temper to pass such a resolution at all. In my
judgment they have already destroyed it, and I do
not care now what is done with it.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio submit a motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the special order.
I want this matter to go over until to-morrow.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MK. BRIGHT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
being called for, the resolution of the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] for the expulsion of
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] is now
before the Senate; and on that question, the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Latham] id entitled to
the tloor.
Mr. LATHAM addressed the Senate. [IIis
speech will be published in tiie Appendix.]
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive biusine.ss ,and after ho me time .spent therein,
the doors were reopened; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 27, 186*2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
STATEMENT OF RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Tf^easury,
transmitting a statement showing the receipts and
expenditures of the United States for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 3861, required by the stand-
ing order of the House of Representatives of De-
cember 30, 1191, and the act of August 26, 184*2;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ARMY REGISTER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, inclosing the
Army Register for 1861; winch was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
ACTS OP TIIE TERRITORY OF UTAH.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
acts, resolutions, and memorials of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Utah; which
were referred to the Committee onTeiiitones.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Tenitones for bills on leave.
MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. WATTS introduced a bill to aid in con-
! structmg a military road west of the Mtssouti
S river from Fort Leavenworth, by the way of Fort
! Riley, to Denver City, and for other purposes;
| which was read a first and second time, referred
' to the special committer on the Pacific ladroad,
I and ordered to be printed.
! TITLES TO TOWN LOTS,
j Mr. SARGENT introduceda biil granting titles
j to town lots within incorporated cities and lowns
| situated upon the public lands of the United States
i lying within the State of California; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
POSTAGE ON PRINTED MATTER.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill to render more
uniform the postage on printed matter; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. COLFAX. With the consent of the House
I would like to occupy a minute in explaining this
bill.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unani-
mous consent. Is there any objection ?
There was no objection.
Mr. COLFAX. The bill which I have pro-
posed, and asked to have printed, and referred to
the Post Office Committee for further examination,
reduces the presentthreehundred rates of postage
existing on printed matter of various kinds to three;
one rate on newspapers, on which postage is now
chargeable by law, of less than two ounces in
weight, and carried in the mails less than two
thousand miles, namely: five cents per quarter
for weeklies; ten cents for semi-weeklies, &c.,
according to the number of issues per week; an-
other rate on magazines and periodicals of half a
cent an ounce; and a third rate on books, &c., of
one cent per ounce; over two thousand miles,
double postage. This will simplify the rates so
that every postmaster and subscriber can under-
stand them clearly, as they cannot now; and
would supersede the rates or three and a fourth
and six and a half cents per quarter, which no
one could pay exactly in any Federal coin.
The bill was oidered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the PostOfficeand Post Roads.
THE TRENT AFFAIR.
.The House then proceeded to the consideration
of joint resolution No. 27, in relation 'to the in-
terposition by the Government of Fiance in the
matter'of the seizure of the British steamer Trent
and the an est of certain of her passengers, which
was left undisposed of on the last call, the pend-
ing question being upon a motion that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on Foreign
i Ailairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY RILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Blair, of Missouri, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the biil making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, upon
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Men-
zies] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MENZiES. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
occupy the attention of the committee during the
hour allotted to me in discussing a subject which
has been discussed here,and which has been dis-
cussed in opposition to the feelings and desires of
all those with whom I concur on the subject. The
position of Kentucky has not been fairly repre-
sented in this Congress. The delegation from that
State have not been fair-weather companions of
the Go\ eminent in these times, and have, perhaps,
had more difficulties to contend with than any
members upon this floor. They resolved on com-
ing here to make no reference themselves, nor
to encourage any reference whatever to the sub-
ject of slavery; but on the first day of this ses-
sion, and within the first hour of it, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] introduced a
resolution calculated, as we thought, to irritate
unnecessarily, and instead of advancing the inter-
ests of the Government, to injure them. The gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] intro-
duced immediately thereafter a bill which put him
in advance of the gentleman from Massachusetts
in this race of emancipation. The next we find
in order is the gentleman from Kansas. [Mr. Con-
way,] who had ascertained,as we thought, a new
interpretation of the Constitution, If 1 should not
name all the gentlemen who have seemed to fol-
low in the same course, uwill not be because-1
did not notice and duly appreciate every one of
them, but it may be that owing to my embarrass-
ment 1 may not be able to recur to them in the
order m which they presented themselves. I think
the learned gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr. Julian]
