2476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
of the Senate, I will now state that 1 believe our
highest public duty demands that we should set-
tle this matter at once, and, so fur as I am con-
cerned, J never would adjourn this Senate until
the sense of the Senate was passed upon this tax
billl It will take at least one month to perfect the
machinery of any tax bill you may pass. What-
ever proposition may be adopted, there are many
olHcers to beappointed under it, and if you intend
that law to go into operation on the first of the
fiscal year, when it ought to go into operation, it
ought to be passed promptly. More time has been
wasted by the Senate on this matter than was suffi-
cient to mature this bill perfectly, and afford every
Senator an opportunity to express himself upon
it. I am not here to condemn any one. I think
we ought to close this matter now, if we can, under
the rules of the Senate—close discussion, and get,
if possible, what is the will of a majority on the
bill reported from the committee, and on*the sub-
stitute. I say, for one, 1 will not stand respons-
ible for the long delay in the passage of the tax
bill. I will sit here patiently, without opening
my mouth, until it is disposed of, and will vote
against every adjournment. I think our public
d.utydemands that we should pass upon this meas-
ure, and I am very happy to say that, so far as I
know, every Senator who has agreed with me in
opinion on the main proposition has thrown no
obstructions in its way. All of them have been
anxious to push it forward without occupying
much time in discussion, and all of them have been
anxious to hear- every good suggestion made in
regard to it.
I am anxious about the bill of the Senator from
California, and when it is offered perhaps I may
ask for ten or fifteen minutes to deliver my objec-
tion to the leading feature of it, and that is all.
The question may then be presented between the
two bills. The details of this bill have been gone
over one by one, first in the committee of the
House, then in the House. Nearly a month's
time was spent there in discussing it—a careful
and close discussion, which would give interest
even to the members of the Senate. It was gone
over in the Finance Committee, section by sec-
tion, and then gone over again. Although the
machinery of this bill is somewhat complex, and
although there are many provisions in it and many
sections which, I think,knight well have been
dispensed with, yet on the whole it is a practical
measure, which will undoubtedly yield from one
hundied millions to one hundred and twenty mil-
lions, or one hundred and thirty millions of dol-
lars a year, it may not be the best, but surely
the Senate is'now prepared, after this long dis-
cussion, to choose between these two measures
and settle the matter, and I hope that will be done.
Mr. WILSON, of Massaehuyetts. I ask the
Senator from California to yield the floor to me
for a moment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly, but not for a
speech.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish sim-
ply to say, that 1 do not think the Senate has in
any way doseivcd the lecture the Senator from
Ohio has chosen to give us to-night. I think a
large majorUy of the Senate have occupied far less
lime on it than that Senator, and in making lus
speech, urging a vote to-night, he proposes here-
after to move amendments, and proposes also to
make a fifteen minutes speech. Suppose ail of
us here choose to move amendments and make
fifteen minutes speeches are we to have a vote to-
night? I take it, any other member of the Senate
has the same right to offer amendments or make
a fifteen miuutcb speech, i think the speech was
a lecture out of time and out of place, and it is a
kind of rebuke that I do not think any Senator is
entitled to give the body.
Mr.SHERMAN. 1 trust my friend from Cal-
ifornia will allow me to reply. Mr. President, I
very barely notice any remarks of a personal char-
acter, such as have been made by the Senator
from Massachusetts. I know my duties here and
I know my rights. I have occupied compar-
atively little time. I have once before had the
imputation cast up to me that perhaps I, as a
young-and humble member here, occupied more
time than I ought. But I ask when bills are
brought in by tjie Senator from Massachusetts
from lus committee if they have been subjected to
the long delay, the tedious discussion, the weari-
some debate, that has occurred on this bill?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
me to ask him whether this bill comes from the
committee except by courtesy.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. That has been often stated.
Sir, it is a bill that must be passed upon by the
Senate; it is a bill we must act upon at some time
or other, and if I am a little impatient, it is be-
cause I am not accustomed to this long, protracted
discussion, commencing probably upon a slight
amendment and then wandering off to a great va-
riety and multitude of topics. The impatience,
therefore, is natural. I have no other reply to
make to the Senator from Massachusetts. If my
fifteen minute speech that I promised to condense
into that time is obnoxious to him, I will keep my
seat and vote on every proposition in silence.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator from California allow me a single mo-
ment?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have given way four
or five times already.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor will have time enough. I have occupied no
time on this subject, and do not desire to do so.
1 wish simply to say that I have listened with the
greatest pleasure to what the Senator from Ohio
has said since this bill has come in here. I have
been instructed by him. I shall listen with pleas-
ure to his fifteen minute spoech and to any prop-
osition which he chooses to make, and which he
has a right to make. All that I regard as legiti-
mate and proper. But i do think the impatience
the Senator expressed—and it is not the first time
this kind of impatience has been expressed—is
out of time and out of place. This is a moment-
ous bill, and every hour's reflection men make
upon it fills their minds with doubt and hesitation
in regard to some particular points of it; and I
think it better that wc should spend the proper
time in maturing the hill than undertake to force
it through the Senate. That is all I meant by my
remarks. I shall listen to the Senator on this as
on any other question with the greatest pleasure,
but I do not like to listen to any one here who un-
dertakes to rebuke members for makingmquiries,
or making motions, or making suggestions which
me made m good faith.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I am, 1
suppose, younger than the Senator from Ohio.
He speaks of himself as a young man. He speaks
of his relation to office, and I suppose he is older
ill office than 1 am ; and he means to say, by way
of dignifying himself, that he is a modest man.
That is all very well; but I do not like that style
of talk myself. I like the way in which the old
masters spoke of themselves. They said Ego sum.
Old Lotd Coke said it among our people. Cicero
said it before him; and it was said by all the men
who thought there was value in themselves. What
I think I will produce. I will bow before supe-
rior wisdom whenever I think I ought to lecog-
nize it. I have tried to meet this subject of our
internal taxation, to study the subject, and I will
undo take to say there is no man in his place in
the Senate, unless it be the Senator from Rhode
Island, who has bestowed more careful thought,
more hours at night, and midnight, if you please,
than I have, in inquiring into a question that I
thought important to the country, to its health
and strength.
I have, perhaps, been able only to generalize
some few notions. With all the time I have be-
stowed upon it, I have not been able to get at
what is satisfactory, even to myself. The amend-
ment, in the form of a substitute, that I propose
is not altogether satisfactory to myself, with all
the thought I could bestow upon it, and I have
reflected upon it very much since it way produced.
The gravest question that has come before the
Federal Congress since we were an organized na-
tion la before us to-day, and demands our most
careful consideration. Taxation, dciiving rev-
venue from the people, demanding money from
their pockets, is, and always will be, a grave ques-
tion. I have been near enough to the people, I
hc>ve been akin enough to the Government, to un-
derstand this thing perfectly, and I know it is one
of the gravest questions. It is graver than call-
ing armies into the field, and putting muskets and
bayonets into their hands, it is more difficult,
more complex, requiring more careful considera-
tion.
I say, and I think I can well say, there is no
necessity for any haste in this legislation. 1 can
understand how the chairman of the Committee
on Finance feels. I sympathize with him. He
has been engaged for along time, laboriously en-
gaged, in the business with which he is charged.
He is fatigued, exhausted. He wants the burden
of the responsibility on his shoulder^cast off some-
where. That is the secret of why Tie urges this
measure forward, why he is anxious to get rid of
the heavy responsibility on his shoulders; but I
cannot get rid of responsibility in that way. We
must have a system of finance that is consistent
with a policy that we can pursue for years; but
there is no such system in this bill. I ask of Sen-
ators to take the pains to inquire what this bill is.
Having bestowed careful attention upon this sub-
ject, having read all the authorities I could find
on the subject from England,and having had some
study upon the same subject before, I have not
been able to satisfy myself as to what was the
true law of assessing taxes upon our people.
Now, whatis the reason why we should pass the
bill to-night, or to-morrow, or next day? What
is the necessity for it? I do not see it, and no
man can furnish it It is a matter that requires
careful consideration, and the Senate should act
upon it with calmness and gravity and delibera-
tion.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to amend the bill in
the sixty-fifth section 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment now pending, submitted by the Senator from
California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. COWAN. On page 80, in the thirty-eighth
and thirty-ninth lines of the sixty-fifth section, I
move to strike out the words " 3d day of March,
1862," and to insert "passage of this act;" so
that the clause shall read:
And provided further, Tli.it the taxes on all articles man-
ufactured and sold, in pursuance of contracts bona fide made
botoro the passage of tliis> act, shall be paid by the pur-
chasers thereof, uiuloi lobulations to be established by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know the
reason for that.
Mr. COWAN. I will state the reason why I
propose the amendment. It will be observed that
by the provisions of the bill at present the tax on
all articles manufactured and sold in pursuance
of contracts nidde bona fide before the 3d day of
March, 18G^,is to be paid by the purchaser. Now,
as 1 understand that, it is put in the bill simply
for the purpose of quieting disputes between the
parties where they both insist upon standing on
the contract. Senators will observe that we have
no authoi ity to interfere in any wise with the con-
tract. We cannot impose this tax lawfully upon
either of these parties in connection with the con-
tract; or, in other words, 1 take it that when the
vendor comes to execute his contract, which exists
now in fieri, the purchaser has a right to ask,
" Have you paid the tax on these commodities?"
He is answered, "No, I have not." The pur-
chaser may say, Well, I will not pay it." Of
course he has a right to recede; or, if he refuses
to pay the tax, the vendor has the nghf to recede.
That right of recission will exist in any event, no
matter how you legislate about it; but whatl pro-
pose now is that in all contracts made before the
passage of this act, in case the purchaser insists
upon standing on it and upon the execution of it,
he shall be bound to pay the tax. Pie still retains
his right to recede, because he may say, " It has
become impossible for me to perform it because
of the intervention of this legal enactment." I
think it is proper that the passage of the act should
be fixed'asthe period at which this j:>rovision shall
go into operation.
The question being put upon the amendment,
a division was called for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If a division is called for,
wc uiay as well have the yeas and nays,because
we cannot set a quorum on a stand-up vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. Wc had better take the
question in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division is re-
quested .
Mr. COWAN. Perhaps, if the question is put
again, it will obviate the necessity of a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question.
The question being put, it appeared that the
amendment was agreed to.
