1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
k
next appeared in vindication of this doctrine of
emancipation, and attacking the rights and inter-
ests of the loyal men in the slaveholding States.
Then a distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] seemed to occupy almost the same ,
ground, or, at least, one kindred to it. Then
came the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fessen-
den,] and"! cannot use his elegant expression in
characterizing the race of these gentlemen—that
it was 44 a scrub race for popularity"—because
every one of these gentlemen is far above that
figure, and it could be with no sort of propriety
made applicable to them.
Mr FESSENDEN. The gentleman will allow
me to say that I did not mean to apply that ex-
pulsion to any of the gentlemen who had pre-
ceded me m the discussion—to say that they were
running a scrub race for popularity—and I did
not so apply it in the remarks which I made.
Mr. MENZIES. And 1 distinctly say that 1
did not intend to attribute to the gentleman any
such intention. Next in order was the distin-
guished and venerable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] who came to the charge
in vindication of his bill of two propositions.
Then came a gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Van Horn,] and after a few rfemarks with refer-
ence to his speech, I will then address myself to
the discussion of the main question.
That gentlman denounced the State of Ken-
tucky as having once occupied a position of" ig-
nominious neutrality." Denunciatory language
of this sort very«*frequently does not add force to
a speech, and the gentleman's otherwise vciy
clever and well-intended performance was not par-
ticularly distinguished by good feeling and pro-
priety by that remark. Itshowed thathedid not
understand the situation of Kentucky. Itshowed
that he did not know what he was talking about
m that regard.
Now, sir, the position of Kentucky upon that
subject has been well understood by this Admin-
istration from the beginning, and has been acqui-
esced in from the beginning, and the Administra-
tion have all the time considered that it was the
best thing that the Union men of Kentucky could
do. I find in an Indiana paper—the Madison
Daily Courier, a Republican paper—a statement
upon that subject which I will read, and then I
have no more to say about it. It shows that in
that State the friends of the Administration have
got to understand better than they did at first
the necessity for the position of Kentucky. The
article is short, and I read it:
'* In the Northwest, injustice has been done to the Union
men of Kentucky, it wth supposed that thou position of
' neutrality' was intended and taken as a steppinsj-fetone to
secession, which th°y would adopt when the k convenient
season ' ai rived. This was undoubtedly the puipo>e of the
distmionistss ot Kentucky in professing neutrality. They
intended to enjoy ail the benefits of the Fedeial Govern-
ment, and avoid the inconveniences of lebelhon until Folk
and Bnokner should get their aimies icady to occupy Oo-
lumhimand Louisville; then the Union men of Kentucky
would be conquered IMoreheadacted with the Union patty
till lie got himself elected to the border-State convention.
He published a' dissent to the addiesses ot that body, m
winch he attempted to show tli it the independence ot the
confederate States should be acknowledged, or should not
be iebisted. Hi* weight in Kentucky was expected to pio-
duee a seuous division in the ranks of the Union men. The
concessional elections of June decided m lavor of the
Union. All of the districts but one elected men wbo&tood
on the neutrality of the Union patty. Their neuttahty w:i<?
exploded in a lesolution ot the Legislature, and in the ad-
dresses ot the bonier-State convention,to which Moiehead
dissented. In substance, il wa-s this . the Ptatc should nut
mtni>h soldieis lor the war, Imt should not les^t the Fed-
eial Government in the exeici^e of any lawful authority in
Kentucky. This position was taken as a public necessity,
.irL-mg fiom the pie^nco of a lati-c numhei ot diMinioni*,ts
in Kentucky. The Union men did not behove it was dis-
loyal to take, this ground, because they thought it neeessaiy
to'pievent a eolh-ion between them and theKentuek.y di—
unionists', winch would annoy the Government more than
the tjiluie to furnish menloi the Fedeial Ann v. They nev< r
said that they would fail to pay then shaie ot the expense
ot pieserv the Government of the United States; hut, on
the contrary, always avowed then* intention to bU>tHin the
Government on that point.'5
Now, sir, there is a true statement of what wan
undo!stood by the Union men of Kentucky as a
position of neutrality. They had, say one hun-
dred and fifty thousand men in the State: aln ut
forty thousand of them sympathized with theivb-
t Is. irhey knew that they could not enter actively
into this war at that time without at once bring-
ing on war there, and they had the assurance c,f
these men that if tins ground was taken they
would give no trouble to the Government. It is
true that many of the disunionists of Kentucky
have behaved worse than the rebels of any other
State, because they have all the time tried to carry
Kentucky to the rebellion, when they knew that
a large majority of her population were opposed
to it. This writer well says that the Union men
of Kentucky have done as much for the Govern-
ment as, under the circumstances, they possibly
could. We knew that a failure to assist the Gov-
ernment in this struggle against the rebels, if un-
explained by any public necessity which induced
it, was moral disloyalty to the United States. We
knew and felt that all the time. We believed that
in 1812, when some of the States failed to assist
the Government of the United States, they were
guilty of moral disloyalty, although thoy com-
mitted no overt act—nothing on which the Gov-
ernment could lay its hand. We knew that the
position of the Union men of Kentucky in this
crisis, in refusing to assist the Government of the
United States, would have been moral disloyalty,
although there was no offense committed that was
punishable by the Government, if the immorality
had not been taken away by the absence of bad
intention and the facts to which I have adverted.
We know and believe that there was an existing
public necessity which justified that course.
Now, Mr.Chaii man, i said that we were not fair-
weather supporters of the Government. We have
done all that fae possibly could do for the Govern-
ment of the United States, and have done it, as I
verily believe, in the wisest and best manner to
promote the interests ofthe Government. Others
may not have so understood it. Good and tiue
men elsewhete, not understanding our circum-
stances and position, might feel justified in de-
nouncing us for our neutrality; but I venture to
say that there is hardly one of them who will not,
if he takes the trouble to investigate the facts, as
the loyal people of the northwestern Suites have
done, becomc satisfied that under all the circum-
stances that surrounded the Union men of Ken-
tucky, they could have done nothing better for the
Government than they ha\e done. Some of my
colleagues here, if not all of them, foresaw, and
told the people of Kentucky before the last presi-
dential election, that the effort which was then be-
ing made to force the Breckinridgeand Lane ticket
through the southern States, was intended by the
leaders of that faction to produce disunion. We
told them then, and frequently since, that the very
effort they were making was bound to result m
injury to the institution of slavery; and we see
now that m that we were not mistaken. There
are hundreds of witnesses who can testify that m a
public speech in my town, several days before the
election, I declared that when they did bring about
the separation of some of the States, whether tem-
poral ily or finally, the line would be south of the
State of Kentucky. I made that declaration then;
I make it now. I care not what may happen; I
care not what the course of northern men may
bring about m reference to a separation of these
States, the line will be south of the State of Ken-
tucky.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mi. Stevens] is in favor of setting free all
the slaves in the United States. I did not under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. I'ikgham] as
going exactly that far. I might suppose from
somopart of his remarks, when he spoke of the
liberation of four millions of slaves, that he means
to include all; but then in another part of ins re-
marks he indicated that he only intends to apply
his doctrine ofemancipation to the slaves ofrebels,
and not to the slaves of loyal men. I undeistand
otbei gentlemen to so the whole figure with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens ]
That gentleman says that formeily the Constitu-
j tion would not have permitted the Government or (
j the Congress of the United States to interfeie with
| slavery m the States. That was the Constitution
I wl-iich George Washington, James [Madison,and
! then compatriots made. But Jefferson Davis arid !
; IlobeitToombs,and others of a similar character, |
< have, he says made a new Constitution for us, i
; winch does enable us to abolish slavety in the ,
| States. That is his position, lie doe5* not refer j
'! to the Constitution winch George Washington ;
]i made, as giving him any such powei; but he
I ,efers to the Constitution as Jefferson Davis hc.Z '
'! changed it, and looks to that as giving him the j
power to take away my slaves and pay me his
j price for them. I have not the personal acquaint-
>| anee of the distinguished gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania, but ! know something of, his history,
and think I have read a speech of his, made by
him in this Hall twenty-five years ago. . -
Mr. STEVENS. That was another gentleman
of the same name. - I was never in Congress till
1850.
Mr. MENZIES. I thought I had read a speech
made in the Congress of the United States twenty-
five years ago by one Thaddeus Stevens.
Mr. STEVENS. No sir; I did not come here un-
til I had arrived at manhood; about fifty. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MENZIES. Well, then, the country has
not been so fortunate as I had supposed it was.
But I understand something of that gentleman's
history,although I maybe mistaken in thatimma-
tcrial point. I understand that he resides some-'
where near the city of Lancaster, in the neighbor-
hood of Wheatland; and that he is the able rep-
resentative of that illustrious constituent, the old
public functionary, James Buchanan. They are
neighbors, and are, as I understand, on good terms;
and it may be that the intercourse between him
and his distinguished constituent has imparted to
him somewhat of the principles of that illustrious
man.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him again? I do not wish him to do
any injustice to Mr. Buchanan.
Mr/MENZIES. 1 shall not do it.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Buchanan is a constit-
uent of mine, and until he attempted to make Kan-
sas a slave State, and upheld the doctrines of sla-
very in his messages, he and I were on intimate
terms. Since then we have never spoken to each
other.
Mr. MENZIES. I am very sorry for that; for
I could very readily account for certain principles
now announced by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania if I knew that he and his illustrious con-
stituent were still intimate.
Theic was a paper published some time ago
called an Ostend manifesto, which proposed for-
cibly to puichase somebody's land and to pay for
it a price which might be dictated by the pur-
chaser. To be sure, that proposition was made
lo the foreigner—the Spaniard—and not to our*
own people. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
now proposes forcibly to purchase my property,
and to pay me his price, $150, for it. lie pro-
poses forcibly to purchase my slaves, and the
slaves of loyal men in Kentucky, of men who are
now fighting, desperately fighting, to preserve this
Government ovei him, and to render his seat here
stable and sccurc. He proposes to go to these
Tennesseans and Kontuckians, who have fought,
as men have never better fought, at Mill Spring,
to preserve this Government, and to say to them,
with a pistol in one hand and §150 in the other,
" Here is the price of your slave. Take it. If
not, yon must take the consequences." The dif-
ference between the principle which thegentleman
is now advocating and the principle of his illustri-
ous eonslituentis, that the one is proposing to act
thus toward his fellow-citizcns who are fighting
to preserve this Government, while James Buch-
anan proposed to do so towards foreigners.
Now, sir, how docs the distinguished represent-
ative of Wheatland justify his proposition? He
justifies it on the plea of necessity—the tyrant's plea
from the beginning of the history of civilization.
He would appoint a dictator on that plea, ifit were
necessary. But whenever it becomes necessary to
appoint a dictator, destroy our Constitution, and
take away our constitutional liberties, then the
rebels have already succeeded. Then there is no
Government left. 1 am for standing on the Con-
stitution, as given to us by our fathers, and foi re-
solving to putdown the rebellion and preserving the
Union. What do you gain by saying that you ha\e
a right to destroy the Constitution m order to put
down this rebellion? To illustrate it by a homely
figure, allow me to ask, what difference it would
make to you, if you were going to be hanged, to
have the choice between a rope and a giapc-vme?
The* price that I am to receive for my slave thus
taken from me is to be fixed only in deference to
ehrorne error and pre jndiep. How long will chronic
error and prejudice interpose in my behalf? Just
so iong as the gentleman from Pennsylvania con-
ceives it necessary for him to do that much. When-
ever lie comes to believe; that he has the power to
do it without remuneration to me, he will turn his
back on "chiomc errot and prejudice."
'"a
