1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
of the Republican party was nnt to interfere with
the institution of slavery in the several States
where it existed, conveying- the general idea that
that was not to be interfered with, and declaring
that slavery should not be extended or carricd into
the Territories, they put in nomination the emi-
nent individual to whom 1 have already made
allusion, with his declarations on the subject of
slavery, uttered only two years befoie, with le-
spect to the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, fresh in their minds. In the canvass
which followed in the fall of 1860 in the middle
States—I speak of them particularly—where par-
ties were more nearly balanced, and where the
people have perhaps, if I may bo allowed the ex-
pression, rather more of a conservative tendency
than they hove in the northern and eastern sec-
tions of the Union, the people and those who ad-
dressed them undeistood these views as utteied
m 1858. I myself met the opposition of the Dem-
ocratic party with them, who charged that the
object of the Republican party was to interfere
with and overthrow the institution of shivery
everywhere in this country; and I referred them
to the declarations of the sUndaid bearer of our
paity made only two years before over and over
ago in in his memorable contest and controversy
wnh his able and skillful lival, who was contend-
ing with lnm for the honors of a seat upon this
floor, as ail assurance, as a guaiantee that no ex-
travagant or ultra measures would b'c resorted to
by an administiation such as might be constituted
upon the flection of the individual thus selected.
1 conscientiously believe that in my State, little
and unimportant as she comparatively is in a po-
litical point of view, Ivtuulreds of men who had
voted the Democratic ticket prior to that time,
voted m that election for the candidate of the Re-
publican party, because they liked the man, and
Willi the uudeistandmg that that was to be the
general outline of the policy of his adniniistiation.
Sir, having declaicd that to my fellow-citizens,
during the public canvass, with approbation, in
the State where I live, I should feel that I had not
peiformed my duty here to-day if I had not ex-
pressed my preference for the system of gradual
emancipation in the District of Columbia upon
tlie teuns and conditions specified in these decla-
rations of the standout bearer of the Republican
party, made but two short years before, and which
he had not withdrawn or retracted.
A day or two ago I had the misfortune to differ
from my associates on this floor m relation to a vote
that wasgiven in connection with this bill,and that
was on the proposition to submit, the bill to a vote
of the people of the District. I thought that was
a proper provision. The bill proposes radical
changes in the laws, systems, and institutions of
the people of this District. These aie ancient.
They have existed almost from time immemorial.
They have exited fiomatime long anterior to
the foimation of the Constitution and the estab-
lishment of the scat of Govnnment m this spot.
The y existed under the laws ot Maryland. I grant
you that there ate rimy statut< and m my laws
here which, like other eariv statutes and laws in
the northern States Unit have vanished away be-
foie an enlightened public sentiment, (Right to be
repealed, and repealed at once; and 1 do not say
that this institution of slavery hoie ought not to be
abolished and done away with. I only question
the mode proposed. I only expressed my prefer-
ence for another modi-—iis giadual abolition, but
if the unanimous or pre vailing sense of this body is
otherwise on a question "f public policy like this,
why I musi def'-r to tii.it pie \ailing sense.
i may be pardoned lor repeating the ofr-s'atcd
fact that the people of this Distint havi. no n p-
resentation in Congress. They at" taxed without
lepresenution—a subject upon winch our fathers
went to wai with Ure.it Ijntam. They, at the
same time, it is tnie,iui\e received huge benevo-
lences and 1 <rge gratuities at tne hands of ihe Gov-
ernment. Tliev have no \ote m Congress; ih< v
have not even ho much as a \on(e "n the floor of
Congress, as the Territories of the United States
enjoy. 1 think upon a question of so guve and
vital impoitance as a radical change of the laws,
systems, and institutions of the people of this
District, now composing some seventy thousand
white peisons, it would be no more than reason-
able to submit it to their consideration. I think
it is in accordance with the spirit and nature of
our institutions, which are based on popular suf-
frage. Although I would not he willing to adopt
that principle with respect to a Territory, where
everything is fresh and new as the morning, and
where new institutions are about to be planted,
and new domestic iclations to be formed, where
the laws and Constitution of the United States
have full control, sway, and authority; yet in this
District, where the existing laws and institutions
were found at the time the Government settled
down heie and took possession of this ti act often
miles square, it seems to me that there is a pro-
priety in submitting such questions to the people,
inasmuch as they have grown up and been asso-
ciated alMheir lives with these institutions and
these laws, and do not look upon and regard these
things m the same light that we who happen to
have been born further noith look upon and re-
gard them. Such a course has been already taken
in this District in two instances: the act of Con-
gress for the recession of that putt of the District
south of the Potomac to Virginia, and the act re-
vising the code for the District, were both sub-
milted to a vote of the people for adoption or
rejection.
1 could express my preference that Congress,
in endeavoring to relieve this District from this
vestige of servitude, will not feel disposed to im-
pose a badge of vassalage upon the people of the
District. 1 know they would not design any; I
know there is no such disposition. Sir, the most
complete vassalage.that a conqueror even could
impose upon vanquished people would be to
change theirlaws and institutions without their
consent or approbation. When William the Nor-
man overcame the Saxon power in the field of
Hastings, he by no means so effectually con-
quered the English people as he did afterwards
when he changed their laws, abrogated their cus-
toms, altered their institutions, partitioned out
their lands, and recorded these surveys as a per-
petual memorial m his famous book of Dooms-
day. 1 do not pretend to say that the situation
of this peopie, even under this law, would be at
all parallel with the people mentioned in this his-
torical reference; hut ir serves to illustrate my
idea and to convey my meaning. 1 know pei fectly
well, however, that upon this subject the wisest,
ablest, and purest statesmen that this Union has
ever produced and sent to these Halls—at the
head of whom stood the late John Gtuincy Adams
—questioned the propi ioty of interfering with the
institution of slavery in this District, or at all
events without the consent and approbation of the
people residing here. Still, sir, as 1 have said be-
fore, I shall not be controlled finally by thJse con-
sideiations in my action upon this subject.
Air. TRUMijULL. If the Senator from New
Jersey would allow me, I should like to ask him
a question. As he has dealt on the idea of sub-
mission to the people of the-District, 1 should like ;
to inquire whet, propriety there is in five thou-
sand voters, assuming that to be the number here
in the Dutuct of Columbia, determining for my
constituents in Illinois, and his constituents in
New Jersey, whethei the capital of tlnsgreej na-
tion shall be in a slaveholdim< district? If it, is
to be submitted to the people at all, should it not
be submitted to the people of this whole Union?
Is there any justice in allowing the few inhabi-
tants settled here to determine for the people of
this whole Union whether their capital shall be in
a slavehoiding community? And, in the next
place, why submit it to the voters here ? Suppose
that an individual residing out of this District
owns a slave jo the District of Columbia, ought
he not to be permitted to vote? There arc many
such cases, and my friend, 1 know, will not take
it unkindly when I say that 1 have heard it inti-
mntrd that perhaps he himself may have some
interest, in this institution. 1 do not mean to in-
timate by that, that it controls his vote at all; hut
if such were the case, ou^ht not he to be '\onsulted
as miuh as a peison who happens to live here?
it strikes rno there is no propriety in submitting
to the people of this District to determine whether
the owner of a sUivo living m Maryland or New
Jersey should be affected by their votes or not,
and i think there is just os little propriety in al-
lowing the people of ibis District, some five thou-
sand Voteis, very few of whom own slaves,to
determine for the whole nation whether slavery
shall exist at the capital. I am not informed as
to the number of slaveholders here. There are |
gaid to be fifteen hundred slaves owned in the Dis- :
trict, and probably there are not more than one
hundred or two hundred slave owners here. Why
submit it to the other five thousand voters to de-
termine? It seems to mo there is no propriety in
submitting such a question as this to the. voters
of this locality. " -
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will endeavorto "respond
to the questions of the Senator from Illinois; The
Senator asks me what propriety there is in" con-
fining the vote upon the question of the abolition
of slavery in this District to the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; why should not the whole peo-
ple of the United States have a voice in this mat-
ter; and an opportunity of determining whether
the capital of the country shall any longer remain
in a slavehoiding district. Sir, the capital has re-
mained within a slave district since its establish-
ment here in 1801; and although there has been,
from time to time, great complaint made of this
fact on the part of some—and that complaint is
growing, perhaps, more strong from day to day—
yet I am not aware that the fact that the Congress
of the United States has been compelled to meet
in a district surrounded by such circumstance,
has impeded the progress of this Government or
the execution of its functions here, or has im-
peded the onward progress of this nation in a
stretch of grandeur and power such as the world
hasneverwitnessed before. It would, atfirst blush,
seem to be proper that thes people of the United
States, interested in a question of this kind, should
have a vote upon it; but there would be no more
propriety in their voting upon it than there would
be in a citizen of Illinois, who happened to own a
house in the city of Washington, being permitted
to vote in the charter elections here, or on other
questions affecting property in this city. It would
seem theoretically to be fair enough, but practi-
cally it would not. It is not deemed desirable any-
where to extend the rightof suffrage to an inhab-
itant of one State and suffer him to exercise it in
another merely because he may happen to be the
ownerof some property in that other State. This
answers the Senator's first two questions. The
other question of the Senator I will answer before
I take my seat.
Let me now, for a moment, allude to this sub-
jectin connection with the interests of the citizens
of the adjoining border States. 1 have spoken of
it in connection with the people of this District.
Sir, in view of the President's recent message,
and in view of the resolution which we adopted
yesterday, tendering the aid of this Government
to the border slave States, in the adoption of a
system of gradual emancipation, it seems to me
that there is great propriety in our taking the
same course with respect to this District. We
have already a bill on our tables proposing aid by
the General Government to the States of Delaware
and Maryland on this very subject; and doubtless
we shall be called upon to vote on that question
befoie Congress adjourns. The question affect-
ing the District is similar to the question as in-
volved in these two States; and I, sir, as a friend
of the Union, would be exceedingly desirous that
we should take no step that might prevent, hin-
der, or impede so wise, beneficent, and statesman-
like a measure as that proposed by the President
of the United States. If Congress should refrain
from passing a law for the immediate abolition of
slavery in this District, the enemies of this meas-
ure in the border States will be deprived of that
argument, which they wiil passionately seize hold
of and use among then* people, that Congress has,
with its own iron will, undertaken to interfere with
this matter, instead of leaving it to the people
themselves; and 1 have not the slightest doubt,
that if this question could be submitted to this
District, four out of five of the lawful voters of
this Distuct would vote for the gradual abolition
of slavery here. Perhaps I may make the pro-
poitiun too great; but I have not a doubt that a
large majority of the legal voters of this District
to-uay are m favor of the gradual abolition of
slavery here.
1 have been in some doubt with respect to the
propriety of passing this bill now, although 1 shall
not stand in the way of the passage of the bill. I
am not sure but that the postponement of this
measure until after the border slave States shall
have acted on the question, would of itself cffect
a cure. If Maryland and Delaware should vote
to abolish slavery according to the plan proposed
by the President and the resolution we passed
