1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
yesterday, slavery in this District would speedily
die out of itself; like an exhausted candle, it would
flicker in its socket, and soon be gone forever, ana
not a single wave of popular feeling be created to
disturb or agitate the surrounding sections of
country interested in the institution.
I have also had some doubt in my mini whether
gradual abolition without compensation, as has
Been the course pursued in most of the northern
States'^ and in my own State in particular, would
not be better than immediate abolition with com-
pensation, taken'in connection with the fact of
the enormous taxes that the people of this country
will now have to pay in consequence of the war,
and of the increased burdens that are imposed upon
them. I dp not see my way exactly clear in agree-
ing to tax the people of New Jersey, New York,
Pennsylvania, or any other northern State which
has abolished this system for the purpose of com-
pensating persons in the District 6f Columbia;
and yet I shall not stand in the way, but shall vote
for'the bill as proposed by the committee. I do
not know, as the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden} does, what the wishes of the people of
New Jeisey are on this subject.
Now, sir, [ will answer the last question pro-
pounded to me by the Senator from Illinois. It
is somewhat personal m its character, but the
question is not a new one to me. The matter has
not only been brought to my attenlion in the way
of questions before, but I have been traduced and
denounced in the public prints and privately, and
my position and action upon this floor questioned
and criticised in consequence of the charge ic-
peatedly made, that I have some interest in slavery
within this District. Sir, upon the whole, I am
rejoiced that the Senator from Illinois has pro-
pounded the question to me, and I will answer it
frankly. Sir, I have no interest ill any such in-
stitution. It did happen that by the death of an
aged citizen of this District a few years since, two
persons, between one of whom and myself there
exists a very near and dear relation, became some-
what interested in a few family servants. The
number, as God is my judge, I do not now recol-
lect, so little interest have I taken in it; it was not
less than'ten, nor more than twenty—some of
them aged, some decrepit, some young, but all
family servants who had lived in the family of an
aged lady in this city for many years. It is well
known to persons residing' in tins city, lhatfiom
the hour of this occurrencc I declared that I would
hare no connection with or part in the matter, and
would assume and have 110 control over it whatever.
I have stated to my friends these facts, privately
and everywhere; but as that seems not }o have been
sufficient, I avail myself of this occasion to say
now and here upon this floor, in the face of the
American Senate, in the face of the American peo-
ple, that if I ever had any technical right, 1 re-
nounce and release and abjure every and any pos-
sible, imaginable, present, contingent, future, or
other interest that by possibility might legally
have been cast upon, or may have attached to me,
as property in persons of this dcscuption; and I
hope it may go upon the records of the Senate that
I here this day declare that if there is any possi-
ble connection that I have unwillingly had with
this institution, that I absolve myself entiiely from
it, now and forever. Let others do as they may,
or think and act as -they may. Many differ with
me in this, I know. 1 do not impeach them; I
only speak for myself. So far as I am concerned,
these persons may go as free as air, and go with
God's blessing', as 1 am sure they will with mine.
Perhaps 1 may be permitted to say, fiuther, that
if this bill, as reported by the Committee on the
District of Columbia, should pass, authorizing
persons to receive rewaid or compensation for
persons of this description, neither myself, nor the
person to whom I have alluded, would ever pre-
fer a claim or touch the first dollar to be appro-
priated by the Treasury of the United States, or
raised by taxation from the people of the State of
New Jersey, New York, Illinois, or any other
State, North or South, for the purpose of carry-
ing out this beneficent measure. Never! never!
For myself, as an individual, standing alone and
isolated, I rejoice that the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia have introduced this bill. As
a citizen of the United States, as a Senator upon
this floor, having regard to the views and feelings
and rights of my fellow-citizens living in other
and different sections, of the country, charged,
in a measure, with the interests of all, and fear-
ing the effect of extreme, sudden, and radical
measures, I preferred, and on that ground alone,
that we should do nothing that would interfere
with the prosecution of this war, or interfere at
present with the rights and wishes of those true,
loyal, warm-hearted southern Union-loving men
who have risked their lives, and who are risking
their ail, for the purpose of restoring this Union
to its former position, and reestablishing the au-
thority of the Government over the whole United
States. I do not believe that because a man hap-
pens to be a slaveholder, he, therefore, is of ne-
cessity a rebel or a traitor. It is true that the
vast majority of them m the extreme South are
so this day; but there are true and loyal men 1-ike
Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, and hundreds of
others, who have still, to a greater or less extent,
an interest in this institution, either themselves
or through their friends, and in view of their po-
sition, I was desirous that we should proceed to
a gradual process of emancipation according to
the coursc heretofore pursued throughout all the
northern States; that we should do nothing that
would bo calculated to excite, irritate, agitate, and
retard the great and beneficent measures which
wo have now in hand — the rapid and speedy
suppression of this rebellion.
Mr. President, having said this much, and apol-
ogizing to the Scinate for remarks so personal in
their nature, I leave the subject with the Senate
and the country, and I dismiss it now and forever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question is oil the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,]
which will be lead.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to strike out the second section of the bill, in the
following words:.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further cnacted, That all persons lo\ai
to the United States holding claim-- to service or labor
against pel sons discharged theiefioin by this act may,with m
ninety days tionl the passage (hereof, but not thereafter,
present to the commissioners hereinafter mentioned their
respective statements or petitions in writing, verified by
oatli or affnmatton, setting foith the names, ages, and per-
sonal description of such persons, the manner in which said
petitioners acquired sueli claim, and any facts touching the
value thereof, and declaring his allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
And in lieu thereof, to insert:
See. 2. Jjni he. it farther cnactcJ, That any person resi
dent in said Di-tnct', whose slave may be set at hbeity by
the piovi&ions of this act, may, within thiee months alter
the passage thereof, and not al'tei ward-, apply by petition,
in writing, to the commi"iom:e- herein.ifter mentioned for
remuneiatiou I'm the loss of the sei vices of suell slave ; set-
tin« toith in said petition, which -diall be under oath, lirst,
Unit the petitiunei n. a I evident of the Distnet ot Columbia;
is and always tia- been line to his or hei allegiance to the
United States ; that he or die has not borne arms against
the Government of the. United estates m the piesent lebei-
lion, nor in any way given aid or eomfoit thcieto ; -econd,
the title of the petitioner to the labor or seiviee of said
slave, whether there is any dispute about the same, or
whether any other pcison i  inteie^ted in said seivices oi
slave, or makes any claim thereto, anil it so, who, and what
claim is made; and, thirdlv, the name, age, sex, habits,
usual health, delects, and all other peisonal peculiarities
of said :-lave, which may enable said commissioners to iden-
tity linn or her, oi determine the value of lus or lier services.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. "When I had the honor of ad-
dressing the Senate the other day on this bill, I
called attention to one of the old barbarous, wicked
statutes of Maryland, which were, if I may so
say, surreptitiously adopted here in this District,
and which have ever since been recognized as the
law of the District. 1 refer now to the statute
which rendered the testimony of all colored per-
sons incompetent in any question wheic a white
was a party. I quoted the precise words of those
statutes; they aie still the law of this District.
Language too strong cannot be employed to ex-
press the detestation which such statutes are cal-
culated to arouse in every just bosom. Now, sir,
it seems to me, as we are providing for the eman-
cipation of those who are here, as I hold uncon-
stitutionally, detained in slavery, we ought to en-
able the pioceedmgs which shall take place in
determining the lelations between them and their
mastel s to go on without any embarrassment from
that old and wicked statute. I therefore shall pro-
pose a slight amendment—and I believe 1 shall
have the consent of my friend who has conducted
the bill thus far, the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Morrili.]—with the view ofiemoving this griev-
ance m the inquiries which may be conducted un-
der this bill. I propose to introduce m the fifth
section and seventh line, immediately after the
words " courts of justice," the words " without
any exclusion of sitch testimony on account of
color;" so that the whole sentence will read:
They [the commissioners] shall have power to subpena
and compel the attendance of witnesses, and to receive
testimony and enforce its production, as in civil cases be-
fore courts of justi.ee, without any exclusion of such testi-
mony on account of color.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no such thing as
the color of testimony. It should be, " without
any exclusion of witnesses on account of color."
The color applies to the witnesses and not to the
testimony.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say " without the ex-
clusion of any witness on account of color."
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire of the Senator from
Massachusetts whether he has the Maryland stat-
ute to which he refers. I really have never seen
it; and if lie has it by him 1 shall be gratified to
hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not got it by me now;
I had it the other day and I read it. It is an ex-
cessively barbarous statute; but such as it is, it is
the law here m this District.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill makes provision in
part for the difficulty suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts. Of course I recognize the
principle, and 1 have no objection to its being ex-
tended if it is thought necessary; but I should like
to call the attention of the Senate to the existence
of tho provision in the bill. It provides that the
claimant may be summoned before the commis-
sioners anil examined on oath, and that the party
for whose service compensation is claimed, may
also be examined before the commissioners and
may testify. This amendment extends that-to
other persons of color.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator sees that the
language of the bill with reference to witnesses is
general. The commissioners " shall have power
to subpena and compel the attendance of wit-
nesses;" not merely the parties, but witnesses.
Mr. MORRILL. I see the distinction, and I
do not object to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I presumed the Senator would
not object to it.
Mr.'SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS— Messis Amhonv, Browning, Chandler, Clailt,
Collanier, Dixon. Doohttle, Fes^enden, Foot, Foster,
(James, Harris, iiowaul, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Moirill, Poineioy, Sumner, Ten Eyck,_
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, YVilmot, and Wilson ot*
Massachusetts—26.
NAYS—Messis. Ba\ard,CarIiIe. Davis, Kennedy, Nes-
nutb, Powell, Sauisbu'ry, Willey, Wilson ot'Missoun, and
Wnght—10.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question*
is on the substitute of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
The substitute was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now move to strike out all
after th'e enacting clause of the bill, and insert, as
a substitute, the bill which I have already pro-
posed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Indiana will
be read.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment propose^
by the Senator has been printed and upon the
tables of Senators for several days.
Mr. LATHAM. It has been read once, I
think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not be
read unless it be called for.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask for the yeas and nays
up§n the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Wright is to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
insert:
That no person not now within the District of Columbia,
noi now owned by any peison or persons now resident
within it, nor heieaftei born within ir, shall everbe held in
slavciy wathin eaid District.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That no person now
within said District, or now owned bv any poison 01 per-
sons now icsident within the same, or hereaftui born within
if, shall ever bo hold 111 slavery without the limits of said
District: Provided, That officers of the Govemmentof the
United btates, being citizens oi the slavciioldmg States,
coming into said District on public business, and remaining
only so long as may be reasonably necessaiy lor that ob-
ject, may be attended into and out of said District, and
