1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
greatly to their loss nnd demoralization. He reports the roads
lull of small parties of the retreating enemy, scattering in
all directions.
JOHN POPE, Major General.
H. W, HALLECK, Major General.
War Department, June 2,
Dispatches of an unofficial chamcrer received f/om bead-
qumters of the army of the Potomac, say that the import-
ance and dimensions of our victory increase as they are
houily developed.
CONFISCATION OF LANDS IN TEXAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up the
resolution offered by me on Saturday.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us hear the resolution read.
We do not know what we are voting upon.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That tiie Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to repoit a bill providing for confiscating the pub-
lic lands of the State of Texas to the Government of the
United States.
The motion to take up the resolution for con-
sideration was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it a resolution of inquiry ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read, and Senators will see whether it is direct-
ory or peremptory.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It instructs the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report such a bill.
The Secretary again read the resolution.
Mr. CLARIS. I move to amend the resolution
so as to direct the committee to inquire into the
expediency of reporting1 a bill for that purpose.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I accept that amend-
ment.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
JUKOUS' OATII3.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up the bill pre-
scribing an additional oath for grand and petit
jurors m the United Slates couits.
Mr. HALE. That bill will give rise to a good
deal of discussion, ana ought not to bo taken up in
the morning hour. I am for the bill, but it will
give rise to discussion.
Mr. DAVJS. It will pass without any, I hope.
Mr. HALE. There is a report of the Judiciary
Committee against it.
Mr. DAVIS. Thatamounts to nothing. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Biowning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Pe^senden, Foot, Foster,'Grimes,
Hailan, Iiairis, Ilowaid, Howe, King, Lane ot Indiana,
Lane of Kansas Latham, McDougall, Sherman, Thomson,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot. and Wiight—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Hale, Mouill, Pomeroy, Powell. Rice,
Saulsbury, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—9,
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 281) prescribing an additional oath to be
taken by grand and petit jurors serving in the
United States, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I have drawn a bill with a little
more care than the original, but it is in substance
precisely the same. I offer this as a substitute,
striking out all the original bill after the enacting
clause, and inserting:
That all persons who shall have taken up arms or joined
the existing rebellion against the United States, or who
shall have advised or encouraged any person to takp up
aims or join s>aid rebellion, or who shall have adhered to
said lebellion, giving it aid and comfoit,orshaUhavegivcn
any assistance, directly or mdnectly, m money, hoises,
clothes, arms, or anything whatever, to or for any person
or persons whatsoever whom the person giving sueii assist-
ance knew to have joined or to be about to join said rebel-
lion or foicibh to iesist or aid in such resistance of the
execution of the Jaw* ot the United States, shall be dis-
qualified to serve as agrand or petit juror in any couit of
the United State*; and it shall be the duty of all the couits
oftheUnited States at each term thereof to cau*>o to be tend-
ered to each and every peison summoned to serve as a
grand or petit juior, the following oatJi or affirmation, in
addition to any othei lequired to be taken by them : " You
do solemnly sweai (or attirm, a=  the case may be.) in the
ptesence of the Almighty God, that you have not taken up
aims or joined the existing rebellion against the United
States; that you have not advised or encouraged anv per-
son to take up arms oi jom m s aid rebellion; that you have
not adheied to said rebellion, giving it aid and comfort, and
that you have not given any assistance dnectly oi indirectly
in money or in any other thing to or for any person or pei-
sons whom you knew or had reasonable grounds to believe
had joined or was about to join said lebellion, or forcibly
to resist or to aid in resisting the execution of the laws of j
the United States." And all personsdecliningto take such j
oath shall be forthwith discharged from seivmg either as a j
grand or petit juroi in said court.
j&nd he it further enacted, That any person or persons '
who shall take the oath aforesaid, and who shall swear
falsely to any matter of fact embraced by it, shall be held
to have committed the crime of perjury, and shall be sub-
ject to all the pains and penalties declared against that
crime.
I am willing myself just to take the vote.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
Mr. HALE. Can the bill have its third read-
ing to-day without unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has had
two readings before; it can have a third reading
to-day; one objection does not obstruct its third
reading to-day.
The bill was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HALE. I wish that the bill may be read.
I have not heard the amendment read. There
was such conversation during the reading that I
did not know what it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
again read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is proper that I should
state, as there is evidently a disposition to pass
the bill, that although it is reported adversely from
the Judiciary Committee, 1 did not agree to the
report of the committee.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am not dis-
posed to make any strenuous resistance to the
passage of this bill; but as I made the report from
the Committee on the Judiciary adverse to its pas-
sage, it may be proper lor me to make a single !
remark. For myself, I very much doubt the policy
of passing laws of this description. I am opposed
to them. In"my judgment it will serve no useful
purpose to be administering to grand and petit
jurors throughout our country oaths of this de-
sciiption. I regret to see it attempted. I regret j
that the policy should be adopted. For myself, J
I do not think it will accomplish any good pur- i
pose. In the State of New York where I live, |
m the New England States, and m the northern ;
States generally, the people are all loyal, and you
will not find an individual refusing to take this
oath; but I regret to see oaths of this kind accu-
mulated as though there was ground to suspect
the loyalty of the citizcns who are summoned to
attend as giand jurors. This is the only ground
of opposition I have to the bill. I shall make no
strenuous resistance to it. I doubt the policy of
passing such laws. ]
Mr. WILKINSON. I was very much sur- j
prised, when the Judiciary Committee made then* j
report, that any objection should be found to ad- :
ministering this oath to the jurors in the United ]
Slates courts. It is true, administering it to the j
people of my State amounts to nothing. Every- j
body knows that; but it does amount to something ;
in the State of Kentucky, and in the State of Ten- j
nessee, and in all the southern States where this j
rebellion has existed. I regard it as one of the |
most important measures that have been intro- |j
duced at this session of Congress. I hope that ,
the bill will pass. |
Mr. POMEROY. It seems to me that the bill \
is rather sweeping. It disqualifies every person j
who has given aid or comfort to the rebellion |
directly or indirectly. I do not know but that the j
Senator from Kentucky himself may have given !
some indirect aid by neutrality, and I should be j
very suiry to have any of these men kept away !
from the jury box. j
Mr. DAVIS. I am willing tcktake the oath. 1
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is rather sweep- !
ing. The scope of the bill may be good; I do not j
know, but it is rather sweeping in its character. ;
Mr. FOSTER. As the chairman of the com- !
mittee, the Senator from Illinois, thought proper !,
to explain the fact that, although on the commit- |;
tee, he dissented from the report, it may be neces- i{
sary for me to say also that I dissented from it too, ij
and was in favor of the bill. j!
Mr. DAVIS. The remarks of the Senatorfrom ,,
New York show the utter folly of men living in i,
a remote section of the United States pretending j
to legislate forother portions of the United States. |
The very state of things which lie says does
not exist in the State of New York exists in the
strongest and in the most extensive degree in-the
State of Kentucky. There are nearly one third,
of the people of Kentucky who maintain that
there is no longer any Government, that there
is no longer any Union, that an oath to support
the Government and be loyal to it amounts to'
nothing. You hear that sentiment, revolting and
absurd as it is, uttered every day by hundreds
and thousands of the people of Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hout
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Mr. DAVIS. I just ask for the vote on this
bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the regular
order be suspended for the time being, in order
that the vote may be taken on this bill.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will not be done. ■ I
am in favor of the general provisions of this bill,
and I want to vote for it; I should be very un-
willing to separate from my friends on it; but I
state nothing but the fact when I say that I have
not heard the bill read. It was read the second
time at my request, but there was so much loud
talking about me at the time that with all the atten-
tion I could give to it I did not hear it. I desire
to hear it. 1 am sorry to say that a gentleman
who has admonished me and a good many others
against talking, fell into the very sin which he
censured, at the time the bill was being read. I
have not heard it. I do not see that there is any
necessity for hurrying it through this morning. I
desire to vote for it; 1 sympathize with my friend
in regard to it; I want to go as far as anyoody to
carry out the object; but 1 am not willing to vote
for such a bill without having read it or heard it.
There will be no sort of harm in letting it lie over
until to-morrow, so that it can be iead once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator fiom Minnesota to
postpone the special oider.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be done.
The motion was not agreed to.
REVISION OF THIS STATUTES.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a privileged
motion. 1 wish to enter a motion to reconsider
the vote of Saturday by which the bill for the
revision of the statutes of the United States was
postponed to the next session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered. *'
THE TAX BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (VI. R. No.
342) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt,
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Cowan, to strike out, m lines thirty-eight
and thirty-nine of section sixty-five, on page 80,
the words "3d day of March, 1862," and insert
"passage of this act;" so that the clause shall
read:
That the taxes on all articles manufactured and sold in
puisuanee of contracts bona fide made before the passage
of this act should be paid by the purchasers thereof.
Mr. COWAN. I will merely say a few words
in explanation of the proposed amendment; and
I may perhaps better illustrate H by putting a case
which will, more than likely, occur many times
under the operation of this bill. Lotus suppose
that bcfoie the passage of the bill a manufacturer
of wlusky contracts to deliver, at a time subse-
quent to the passage of the bill, a thousand gal-
lons of whisky, if you please. It is utterly im-
possible that anybody could know, at the time the
contract was made, the amount of the burden
which may be imposed upon whisky by this Con-
gress, When the time for the delivery comes, as
1 understand the law in such cases, the purchaser
will have a right to rescind that contract, or, in
other words, he will have a right to say to the
vendoi, when he comes to make thedelivcry, that
the law has intervened and changed the terms of
it in such a way that he is relieved from the ob-
ligation to carry it out. On the other hand, by
the terms of the law, the vendor of the whisky is
the person wiio is charged with the payment of
the taxes. Whether or not he would have the
right afso to rescind is more than I now under-
take to decide; but I feel very clear that the pur-
chaser would have that light. By this provision,
the purchaser, if he insists upon the contract,
