1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8.
'Mr. SiUJLSBURY. I understand that in a
court of jus lice an oath adinini^KTcd-to a com-
petent witness, unimpeached, uncontradicted, is
prima fiwie evidence, at least, and generally con-
clusive evidence in reference to the matter as to
which he testifies; but here is an oath that is not
to'hare a conclusive character nor even to be con-
sidered of sufficient weight to have any influence
upon the judgment of the commissioners: it is to
be neither conclusive nor prima facie. However,
sir, this is a progressive age, and the law is in mo-
tion like everything else, and the principles of
evidence-witl keep pace with the improvement in
other matters.
Mr. CLARK. Let the amendment as modi-
fied he read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Insert at tlie end of section two:
And that he has not borne aims against the United States
during the present rebellion, nor in any way givensaid oi
comr'ort thereto: Provided, That the oatli of the party in
interest shall not bo conclusive on this subject.
Mr. CLARK. That is the way I want it.
Mr. KING. I would rather have the proviso
1 suggested left out, than simply to provide that
the statementshall not be conclusive, because that
will make it prima facie evidence. That is the ob-
jection which the Senator from Illinois raised. As
it makes the statement prima facie evidence, it
practically leaves the whole subject with the party
m interest.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very glad the mod-
ification has been made, for by an amendment to
the bill heretofore adopted the testimony of a ne-
gro is allow'ed to be taken, and there is no such
condition to his testimony, so that it will certainly
be prima facie evidence at least; and a distinction
was about to be made in this case" which would
give greater weight to the testimony of a negro
than of a white man. If that is withdrawn, 1 am
very glad of it.
Mr. KING. Does the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire accept the proviso as I suggested it?
Mr.CLARK. I do notacceptitwith the phrase
u or prima facie.''
Mr. KING. Then I withdraw it altogether.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as originally proposed by
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. In regard to the proviso
suggested by the Senator from New York, I think
it very proper that it should be in the bill. It ex-
cludesaconciusion which J ho commissioners may
act upon, and I thmlc it very proper to insert a
proviso that the oath of the party to the petition
shall not be takcnAis evidence, either conclusive
or prima Jack, of the facts therein stated. There
is no contradiction m that. You require an oath
' to allow him to come into court. That is what
the oath is for. You will not hear him; he shall
Dot prefer a claim, if he will not swear that ho has
been loyal all the time to-this Government; and
when he has made that oath, we simply propose
that it shall be no-evuledce on the trial, to estab-
lish his loyalty, either prima facie or conclusive.
The object of the oath in the first instance is to
enable the claimant to get into court; but it is not
and it ought not to be any evidence whatever of
the allegations contained in his paper, any more
than the declaration of a party in a civil action is
evidence on the trial of the cause. In order that
a party may bring his suit in court he must allege
ccitdin facts, and allege them in a proper form;
but iiis alleging them is no evidence of their truth
oi5 the trial. So here, and this proviso is to ex-
clude the idea that by having sworn to this paper
he has made out a prima facie case, anil thereby
relieved the commissioners from inquiring into it.
I move to amend the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire by inserting at the end of
it these words:
Provided, That the oath of the party to tlx; petition shalt
neither be conclusive nor primte facie evidence o. the tacts
theiem stated.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me suggest to my friend
from Illinois to make it briefer, and say that it
shall not be evidence of the truth of the petition.
Does not that cover the whole ground ?
Mr. TRUMBULL, Perhaps it does. I will
put it in this form:
Provided, That the oath of the party to the petition shall
not be evidence of the tacts tiieiein stated.
Mr. HOWE. The bill,as I understand it, pro-
poses to make compensation to the loyal owners
of these slaves. That I do not find any fault with.
I think that is right. It proposes that before any
man shall come before the tribunal as a claimant
for compensation, he shall make an affidavit that
he has been loyal. ThatI think is proper enough.
I think it is right. The proposition now-is to pro-
vide that that shall not be regarded ns evidence at
all. That, as a general proposition, I think is
very right; because a pleading, whether sworn to
or not, ought not to be evidence of us truth. The
difficulty suggested to my mind is just this: that
the whole effect of the proviso is to be to throw
upon the claimant the burden of proving a nega-
tive, and such a negative as 3 do not see how the
proof could be marshaled.
Mr. MORRILL. On that point the Senator
will allow me to say that this section further pro-
vides that he may come into court and be a wit-
ness on that claim himself, and may be examined
by the commissioners.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware of the faCt. This
proviso my mind was called to, and it seemed to
me to throw upon the claimant the burden of
proving that he had not given aid or comfort to
the enemy.
Mr. MORRILL. And that he is at liberty to
do by coming into court and giving testimony
himself.
Mr. HOWE. If he is made a witness on that
point, that will enable him to prove it. I do not
know of anybody else that could swear to it.
Mr. MORRILL. He is made a witness.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. BROWNING. I move to amend the bill
in section three, line twelve, by striking out the
word " three" and inserting " five;" and in sec-
tion four,line eight, by inserting, after the word
" cause," the words u one half," and by adding
at the end of line eleven the words which I send
to the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that we vote sepa-
rately on each amendment. We shall understand
them better by voting separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
mentto the third section is, inline twelve to strike
out " three" and insert 44 five;" so that the clausc
will read:
That the entire sum so appraised and apportioned shall
not e.xeeed in the ngsjresate an amount equal to >oOQ {or
each person shown to have been &o held by lawful claim.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not intend to detain
the Senate with any additional romaiks upon the
subject. I explained very briefly when I offeied
this proposition a few days ago as an amendment
to the substitute of the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, the purpose and object of it. I desire now
only to repeat what I then said, that the adoption
of these amendments, all of them, will not inciease
at all, and will perhaps dimmish, the'expense to
the Government,.while they will, if adopted, at
least inaugurate or offer an inducement for the
inauguration of a system of colonization. It will
be the beginning of a woik that we all seem to
have at heart, for I believe men of all parties
concur 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to ask the Senator if $300 is not ample and
full compensation for the average of the people
who will be liberated.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not know whether the
Senaioi fiom Massachusetts was in his seat the
other day. Under this amendment the compen-
sation received by the owners of slaves will be
something less than under the present bill. They
will receive only an average of $250 apiece for
manumitted slaves, while the other half of the ap-
praisement will be paid to the slave himself upon
satisfactory evidence being furnished to the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury of his having removed to
and settled in som§ countiy outside of the United
States. It ofieis an inducement to them to emi-
grate, and it at least is an attempt to begin a sys-
tem of colonization.
I believe, myself, that we cannot do any sub-
stantial good to thri colored people of this country
wi'hom combining with whatever action we take
upon this subject a system of colonization, or
adopting measures that will lead to voluntary
colonization on their part. It is not legal and po-
litical equality and emancipation alone that can do
much for the elevation of the character of these
people. We may confer upon them all the legal
and political rights we oursehes enjoy, th°y will
still be in our midst a debased and degraded race,
incapable of making progress, because they want
that best element and best incentive to progress—-
Social equality—which they never can have here.
There are repugnances between tbetwo races that
forbid, and will forever forbid, their admission to
social equality; and without social equality they
never can attain to a full development of their
mental and moral natures, or lift themsel ves to any
tolerable degree of respectable social status. We
may manumit them, we may give them legal and
political equality, but they are free negroes, and
nothing but free negroes, as long as they remain
among us. They are shutout from all the avenues
of honorable industry; they are not peimitted to
come in fair and open competition with the white
race in any of the more respectable employments
of life.
This is a subject that I feel very much disposed
to talk upon when I have taken the floor upon it;
but I will not do so. I barely make these sug-
gestions. It is not necessary to go into a discus-
sion. 1 have no doubt every Senator's mind has
been attiacted to the subject, ami perhaps every
one has his course definite! y mai ked out; but this
proposition commended itself to my own judg-
ment, and I would really think we had accom-
plished far more by the adoption of this amend-
ment than we shall accomplish without it. It will
not impair in any degree the foice or effect of the
bill. It leaves it to operate in all other respects as
efficiently as it would without the amendment,
and it does offer some slight inducement to these
people to remove themselves from our midst..
Now, sir, I know that communities of free ne-
groes are not a very desirable population any-
where. We owe something to these people more
than simply to strike from them the fetters of bond-
age that now hold them, and turn them loose
among us, with scarcely the means or the ability
of providing the most ordinary necessities of life,
much less with the means of any advance in the
exaltation of character and in the attainment of a
position in society. They never can do that. The
laws of many of the States, and of my own State,
are rigid against the admission of a free negro pop-
ulation into our communities. Indeed, niostof the
States are closed by legal enactments, by statutes
enacted by their Legislatures, against the admis-
sion of this class of people. They are hunted from
State to State. They are driven from the slave
States when they are manumitted, and in many of
the slave States they have been proposing for years
to recapture and reduce the free negroes among
them again to slaveiy, or to dtive them from the
State. They can be permitted to remain in some
of them only on the condition of being again re-
duced to slavery; and when they arc driven from
the slave States, where are they to go? Most of
the free States are closed against them. They are
hunted from State to State as the wild beasts of
the forest. Persecuted by the people of the slave
States until they are compelled to leave there, and
persecuted by the people of the free States until
they are compelled to leave thete, where are the
poor, miserable creatines to go? Whereaie ihey
to find .shelter or an asylum ' Th--y can do it no
where in our country, wnhout a change m our
policy; and they can do it nowhere outside' of our
country, without pecuniary aid from us. Let us
begin with this bill to give it, I think even this
proposition would have some tendency to stimu-
late them to removal, and to form a sort of nucleus
of emigration and settlement elsewhere, which we
nughtsee strengthening, enlarging,and increasing
year after year, it might be the beginning of a
system that would ultimately result m a separa-
tion of the races.
Mr. President, I may be mistaken in my view
of this subject, but I do not behove that the laces
ever can live together m harmony and with mutual
advantage to each other; and, hostile as every
feeling and sentimenuof my nature is to a system
of human bondage, I am by no means sure, while
the races do continue together, that it is not better
for them both to continue together in the relation
of master and slave. That we can do them a sub-
stantial good only by a separation of the races, I
enteitain no doubt.
Mr. W1LMOT. Will the gentleman from Il-
linois allow me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. BROWNING. With pleasure, sir.
Mr. WILMOT. Why does not the gentleman
make his amendment consistent with his argu-
