2480:
THE COKGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2.
roust pay-the tax himself; arid, as such, it is per-
fectly. fair, and I think no objection whatever can
be made against it.
: The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20* nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlilc, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Grime4!, Harris, Howe, Lane ot Indiana, McDou-
gaU, Morrill, Fowell, Salisbury, Simmons, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts
—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Doolittle, Fessen-
den,.Foot, Foster, Hale., Howard, King, Lane of Kansas,
Pomproy, Rice, Sheunan, Wade, Wiliey, and Wright—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to try once more to
do justice to the manufacturers of leather mittens.
At the foot of page 97 the bill provides that on all
. manufactures of cotton, wool, silk, worsted, &c.,
embracing the great mass of manufactures of the
country, there shall be paid a tax of three per
cent. In my judgment, that is what should be done
generally. I am not in favor of the ten or twelve
pages of specific duties, discriminating taxes,
upon certain manufactures which precede that
provision. I cannot doubt that it would have been
more wise for the framers of this bill to have pro-
vided that all the manufactures of the country,
with certain exceptions that should be entirely
acceptable, should pay a uniform duty or tax of
three per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would you apply that
to whisky?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir; I would not apply it
to whisky or to ale, but to the ordinary manu-
factures of the country. It has been thought bet-
ter, however, for reasons which I cannot compre-
hend, to single out various manufactures and to
increase the taxes upon them very essentially.
Now, sir, in. reference to the article that I have
mentioned, as I understand it, and as these man-
ufacturers understand it, they are charged about
six percent, tax on their manufacture. Itis going
to operate with great hardship upon them. I had
proposed, by the amendment I offered on {Satur-
day, to suike out the tax upon the article that
they work up into gloves, and to lax them three
percent, ad valorem on their manufacture. With-
out much consideration, the Senate rejected that
amendment, and the tax now stands two cents a
pound upon the leather that they manufacture
into their gloves, and then three per cent, ad va-
lorem on their gloves.
The competitor of this manufacture is knitted
gloves. The Army have been supplied with
knitted gloves, and partially with leather gloves.
The frameis of this bill have seen fit to exempt
the yarn out of which the knitted gloves are man-
ufactured from taxation. On page 96, those who
take any interest in the subject will find that the
yarn out of which knitted gloves are manufac-
tured is exempted from taxation, and yet it is in-
sisted that we shall tax the leather out of which
the leather gloves are manufactured. 1 sought to
strike out that tax, and to leave the leather gloves
and mittens to be taxed just as yam gloves and
mittens are taxed, at three per cent, ad valorem.
That, was not satisfactory to the Senate. I thought
it would be better to have one tax upon the arti-
cle. But I now propose letting the tax stand
Upon the leather as it is, two cents a pound, to
confine the tax to the increased value of the ar-
ticle by manufacturing it into gloves, and i there-
fore oner the following amendment; on page 98,
line three hundted and fifteen, to insert:
And provided further, Tli.it on ail oil-diessed leather and
deer skins, dres>ed or Mnoked, manuiaefuied into gloves,
rmttens, oi othej hi tieleb, on which a duty or tn\ f-lmtl have
. been paid hefoie the same were so nianuiactured, the said
duly or tax ol tliieepei cent, shall be assessed only upon
the increased valuation.
The Senate will see, if they take the trouble to
look at it, that this amendment adopts the precise
language of the Committee on Finance in refer-
ence to other manufactures preceding it, on page
98. The language there is this:
Provided, Thaton all cloths dved, printed, bleached, man-
ufactured into other l'abiic>, of otheivvi^o piepaied.on which
a duty oi tax -shall have been paid beloie the same weie s-o
dyed, printed, bioaeued, manufuctuied,or prepared, the *aid
dun or tax of tlnee per cent. s>hatl be assessed only upon
the iuuicaspd value thereof.
Now, I ask that the same rule be applied to this
manufacture.
The question being taken on the amendment,
thei o were, on a division—ayes 15, noes 13; no
quorum voting.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
littlo, Foot, Hale, Harris, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Nesmith, Poraeroy, Saulsbuiy, Simmons. Sum-
ner, Thomson, Trumbull, Wilmut, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Fessenden, Foster,.
Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Powell, Uice, Sherman, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wiliey, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the amendment
I offered the other day, to come in after section
forty-two, page 44. It is to insert as a new sec-
tion:
Jindbe it further enacted, That there shall be paid on all
spirits of first proof held for sale on the 30th day of June,
1862, a duty often cents on each and every gallon, which
shall be paid by the owner, agent, or person having posses-
sion of said &piiits, and the quantity of such spirits in each
assessment district shall be ascertained by the assistant as-
sessoi in the mode prescribed by this act "for other propeity
assessed by ium, subject to the same revision and appeal,
and all spirits held by any person or persons, whether for
present or future sale, shall be deemed subject to said duty.
If this amendment should be adopted, it will
field about five millions of dollars to the revenue,
compute the quantity to be between forty and
fifty millions of gallons. There is a great differ-
ence of opinion in regard to it, but that is the best
information I can get. My chief object in offering
the amendment is to make a kind of bridge to the
heavy tax put upon whisky. According to the
present bill, the tax on that manufactured after the
Istof July will be twenty cents a gallon, and this
puts a tax of ten cents a gallon on that on hand. It
gives the stock on hand a discrimination of about
ten cents a gallon. According to the present market
value, this article is worth twenty-four cents a
gallon. I is intrinsic cost, as I stated the other day,
is from fifteen to seventeen cents; so that whisky
has advanced, in anticipation of the lax, about
seven cents. It would, therefore, not be fair or
ju.st to put the same duty on the article on hand
as on that hereafter manufactured, but it would
bear a duty of ten cents. Indeed, the only ques-
tion is, whether the person holding the liquor
shall have the benefit of the advance, or whether
the Government shall have if. If the tax is put
on, as a matter of course the Government will get
the benefit of that ten cents per gallon; if not, then
the person who holds the liquor on hand will get
the benefit of the rise. Whisky will not be man-
ufactured to any considerable extent until the
price has advanced to the cost of the whisky and
the duty—about thirty-seven centsagalion—until
the advance is about twelve cents beyond the pres-
ent market value; so that, after all, it is a ques-
tion whether the holder of whisky on hand shall
have the benefit of the rise, or whether the Gov-
ernment shall have it.
The only objection that is made to the tax that
is at all striking to my mind is, that it is the only
article on hand that is taxed; but the tax on
whisky is an exceptional tax at any rate; it is
higher than upon anything else,and, therefore, it
will bear a tax on the article on hand better than
any other commodity that can be named. I do
not care about enlarging on the subject; there is
a great difference of opinion about it; but I sub-
mit it to the judgment of the Senate, simply say-
ing that I believe the committee were equally
divided upon the proposition.
M r. CO WAN. I am afraid, sir, that th is amend-
ment would bo, perhaps, mischievous in the col-
lection of the tax. I cannot see how the article
is to be found, distributed as it will be all«over
, the country in smallquantitles,and I have thought
there would be moie lost by attempting to follow
it up and seek it out than would be gained by en-
deavoring to mt^c revenue out of it. It is true,
too, that the price of the article adjusts itself, in
some measure, to this bjjl as we progress in per-
fecting it. At one time, when it was proposed to
strike off this tax upon liquors on hand, I under-
stand the price rose from eighteen to thirty-two
cents. Whether it has come down now, as I sup-
pose it has, some few cents on the gallon, I do
not know exactly. But if that be the case, there
would be no haidshipon the distiller in exempt-
ing that "which Jie has already sold, and on which
he has made large profits by the sale. 1 am in-
structed to say, too, by some distillers that they
themselves think it would be injurious to their
trade to impose this tax upon their customers.
They say that if you go to the retail dealer and
attempt to impose this tax upon him, you will
ruin one half of them and you will thereby destroy
the very persons whom they expect to meet in the
market to purchase their product. I know a great
many of them are opposed to the imposition of
this tax on that account; and'they would rather
forego any other advantage they might be ex-
pected to derive from it than to have their cus-
tomers burdened in that way.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say a word about
the proposed tax, as it was agitated in the Com-
mittee on Finance. It is not within my recollec-
tion that I ever heard in the whole course of legis-
lation, when we were about to impose duties on
anything which would probably produce a rise in
the merchandise, that wo ever went back to col-
lect that rise upon those who had the article on
hand. There never was such a thing known in
the history of this Government. I doubt if there
was in the history ofany Government in the world.
The fact is, when this bill was reported in the
House of Representatives, as I am told, and I see
it in the papers furnished from these distillers,
whisky was selling at from fifteen to seventeen
ccnts, as the Senator from Ohio says. There was
a tax of fifteen cents put on it in the bill when re-
ported to the House of Representatives. It imme-
diately went up, not at one jump, but within a
fortnight, to thirty-two cents, making an addition
of the whole amount of this tax. The distillers,
as a matterof course, sold out with about one hun-
dred per cent, profit. That was a pretty good
operation for them. The Senator from Ohio will
tell you that they have been running ever since,
not only days, but some nights, in order to sup-
ply the demand. Then, one day in the House of
Representatives this proposition to tax liquor on
hand, I believe, got voted in in Committee of the
Whole some way or other, and immediately whis-
ky went down ten cents a gallon right off. It
has gone up, I believe, two or three cents since,
as the prospcct seems more or less remote that
that on hand will be taxed. The distillers of the
West have got their money for it;.the purchasers
of this liquor bought it at this rise; and I ask the
Senator from Ohio if it is fair to turn around and
tax them again for fear they should get their
money back. Some of them, no doubt, bought
at twenty-four and twenty-five cents. But that is
a matter about which the merchants have always
been allowed to make their own arrangements, and
consult their own judgments as to what the effect
of a law will be before it passes, at their own risk.
If they lose, they have to pay; if they gain, it is
their good fortune. 1 do not think it is quite up
to what we ought to do in legislation of this sort,
to undertake to go into retail shops and find out
whether they are going to make anything. It is
very well known that last year we put a duty of
fifteen cents a pound on tea. Everybody knew it
would affect the price just about that sum; but did
we think of going to these great tea merchants
who hold it by the million's worth and tax them
fifteen cents a pound on what they had ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was a duty on im-
ports.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is just the same in principle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is precisely the same in
principle. When we levy an increased import
duty, it is just the same advantage to the holders
of the goods as it is to the holders of goods on
which we levy an internal tax. It may not be
legally just in the same category; but certainly it
is for all the purposes of trade.
Mr. WILKINSON. The effect is the same.
Mr. SIMMONS. The effect is exactly the same,
and I do not think it is a sound principle at all.
As has been said, by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, these liquors have been sold and resold at
various prices, and will continue to be until we •
get this bill through and they are able to tell what
the tax is to be.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This question was before
the House of Representatives, and was discussed
at great length, and the House by a very emphatic
vote determined not to tax the liquors on hand.
Among others, there was this reason given: it was
ji not thought to be sound legislation to organize a
ij corps of officers and a system of business on the
j| part of the revenue to last for some two months
!j that did not belong to the general law or system
ii of business of the Government.* How many men
