APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Ifessage of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
In the midst of unprecedented political troub-
les, we have cause of great gratitude to God for
unusual good health, and most abundant harvests.
You will not be surprised to learn that, in the
peculiar exigencies of the times, our intercourse
with foreign nations has been attended with pro-
found solicitude, chicfly turning upon our own
domestic affairs.
A disloyal portion of the American people have,
during the whole year, been engaged in an at-
tempt to divide and destroy the Union. A nation
which endures factious domestic division, is ex-
posed to disrespect abroad; and one party, if not
both, is sure, sooner or later, to invoke foreign
intervention.
Nations thus tempted to interfere, are not al-
ways able to resist the counsels of seeming expe-
diency and ungenerous ambition, although meas-
ures adopted under such influences seldom fail to
be unfortunate and injurious to those adopting
them.
The disloyal citizens of the United States who
have offered the ruin of our country, in return
for the aid and comfort which they have invoked
abroad, have received less patronage and encour-
agement than they probably expected. If it were
just to suppose, as the insurgents have seemed
to assume, that foreign nations, in this case, dis-
caiding all moral, social, and treaty obligations,
would act solely, and selfishly, for the speedy
restoration of commerce, including, especially,
the acquisition of cotton, those nations appear, as
yet, not to have seen their way to their object
more directly or clearly through the destruction,
than through the preservation, of the Union. If
we could dare to believe that foreign nations are
actuated by no higher principle than this, I am
quite sure a sound argument could be made to
show them that they can reach their aim more
readily and easily by aiding to crush this rebel-
lion than by giving encouragement to it.
The principal lever relied on by these insur-
gents for exciting foreign nations to hostility
against us, as already intimated, is the embarrass-
mentof commerce. Those nations, however, not
improbably, saw from the first that it was the
Union which made as welt our foreign as our
domestic commerce. They can scarcely have
faiied to perceive that the effort for disunion pro-
duces the existing difficulty; and that one strong
nation promises more durable peace, and a more
extensive, valuable, and reliable commerce, than
can the same nation broken into hostile fragments.
It is not my purpose to review our discussions
with foreign States; because whatever might be
their wishes or dispositions, the integrity of our
country, and the stability of our Government,
mainly depend not upon them, but on the loyalty,
virtue, patriotism, and intelligence of the Amer-
ican people. The correspondence itself, with the
usual reservations, is herewith submitted.
New Series—No. 1.
I venture to hope it will appear that we have
practiced prudence and liberality toward foreign
Powers, averting causes of irritation; and, with
firmness, maintaining our own rights and honor.
Since, however, it is apparent that here, as in
every other State, foreign dangers neccssaiily at-
tend domestic difficulties, I recommend that ade-
quate and ample measures be adopted for main-
taining the public defenses on every side. While,
under this general recommendation, provision for
defending our sea-coast line readily occurs to the
mind, I also, in the same connection, aslc the at-
tention of Congress to our great lakes and rivers.
It is believed that some fortifications and depots
of arms and munitions, with harbor and naviga-
tion improvements, all at well selected pointsupon
these, would be of great importance to the national
defense and preservation. I ask attention to the
views of the Secretary of War, expressed in his
report, upon the same general subject.
I deem it of importance that the loyal regions
of East Tennessee and western North Caiolnia
should be connected with Kentucky, and other
faithful parts of the Union, by railroad. I there-
fore recommend, as a military measure, that Con-
gress provide for the construction of sm.h road,
as speedily as possible. Kentucky, no doubt, will
cooperate, ana, through her Legislature, make
the most judicious selection of a line. The north-
ern terminus must connect with some existing
railroad; and whether the route shall be from
Lexington, or Nicholasvillc, to the Cumberland
Gap; or from Lebanon to the Tennessee line, in
the direction of Knoxville; or on some still dif-
ferent line, can easily be determined. Kentucky
and the General Government cooperating, the
work can be completed in a very short time; and
when done, it will be not only of vast present use-
fulness, but also a valuable permanent improve-
ment, worth its cost in all the future.
Some treaties, designed chiefly for the interests
of commercc, and having no grave political im-
portance, have been negotiated, and will be sub-
mitted to the Senate for their consideration.
Although we have failed to induce some of the
commercial Powers to adopt a desirable meliora-
tion of the rigor of maritime war, we have re-
moved all obstructions from the way of this
humane reform, except such as are merely of
temporary and accidental occurrence.
I invite your attention to the correspondence
between her Britannic Majesty's minister accred-
ited to this Government and the Secretary of
State, relative to the detention of the British ship
Perthshire, in June last, by the United States
steamer Massachusetts, for a supposed breach of
the blockade. As this detention was occasioned
by an obvious misapprehension of the facts, and
as justice requires that we should commit no bel-
ligerent act not founded in strict right, as sanc-
tioned by public law, I recommend that an appro-
priation be made to satisfy the reasonable demand
of the owners of the vessel for her detention.
I repeat the recommendation of my predeces-
sor, in his annual message to Congress in Decem-
ber last, in regard to the disposition of the surplus
which will probably remain after satisfying the
claims of American citizens against China, pur-
suant to the awards of the commissioners under
the act of the 3d of March, 1859. If, however, it
should not be deemed advisable to carry that rec-
ommendation into effect, I would suggest that
authority be given for investing the principal, over
the proceeds of the surplus referred to, in good
securities, with a view to the satisfaction of such
other just claims of our citizens against China as
are not unlikely to arise hereafter in the course
of our extensive trade with that empire.
By the act of the 5th of August last, Congress
authorized the President to instruct the command-
ers of suitable vessels to defend themselvesagainst,
and to capture pirates. This authority has been
exercised in a single instance only. For the more
effectual protection of our extensive and valuable
commercc, in the eastern seas especially, it seems
to mo that it would also be advisable to authorize
the commanders of sailing vessels to recapture
any prizes which pirates may make of United
States vessels and their cargoes, and the consular
courts, now established by law in eastern coun-
tries, to adjudicate the case, in the eventthatthis
should not be objected to by the local authorities.
If any good reason exists why we should per-
severe longer in withholding our recognition of
the independence and sovereignty of Hayti and
Liberia, I am unable to discern it. Unwilling,
however, to inaugurate a novel policy in regard
to them without the approbation of Congress, 1
submit for your consideration the expediency of
an appropriation for maintaining a charge d'af-
faires near each of those new States. It does not
admit of doubt that important commercial advant-
ages might be secured by favorable tieaties with
them.
The operations of the Treasury during the pe-
riod which has elapsed since your adjournment
have been conducted with signal success. The
patriotism of the people has placed at the disposal
of the Government the large means demanded by
the public exigencies. Much of the national loan
has been taken by citizens of the industrial classes,
whose confidence in their country's faith, and zeal
for their country's deliverance from present peril,
have induced them to contribute to the support of
the Government the whole of their limited acqui-
sitions. This fact imposes peculiar obligations to
economy in disbursement and energy in action.
The revenue from all sources, including loans,
for the financial year ending on the 30th June,
1861, was $86,835,900 27, and the expenditures
for the same period, including payments on ac-
count of the public debt, were $84,578,834 47;
leaving a balance in the Treasury, on the 1st July,
of $2,257,0G5 SO. For the first quarter of the
financial year, ending on the 30th September, 1861,
the receipts from all sources, including the balance
of 1st of July, were $102,532,509 27, and the ex-
penses §08,239,733 09; leaving a balance on the
1st of October, 18G1, of §4,292,776 18.
Estimates for the remaining three quarters of
the year, and for the financial year 1863, together
with his views of ways and means for meeting
the demands contemplated by them, will bo sub-
mitted to Congress by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It is gratifying to know that the expendi-
tures made necessary by the rebellion are not
