1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Senator from Illinois, I shall not object. It is the
right of the majority of the Senate to frame this
bit! as they see fit. i have offered no amendment,
and I shall have none to offer; but when it has
been put in the condition in which the majority
desire to have it, I have something to say about
the measure itself and the principles embodied
in it.
Mr. BROWNING. I am obliged to the Senator
from Delaware for withdrawing thecal! fora divis-
ion, and I ask that the question may be taken on
the whole amendment, and on the entire amend-
ment. I will ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois asks for the yeas and nays on adopt-
ing the subsequent amendment offered by him.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the question
is to be on his whole amendment together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have already voted on
striking out" three,"and inserting " five." This
is a complex amendment, extending to several sec-
tions of the bill, and most manifestly it cannot all
be offered at once. Theic is the first amendment
to the third section, and then to some other sec-
tions; I do not know which. We have voted on
the amendment to the third section to strike*out
" three" and insert " five."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question
has been taken; and the amendment was not
agreed to
Mr. TRUMBULL. My colleague proposes
several amendments. If one is adopted, we can
make the other portions of the bill conform.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on the residue of the amendments
as one amendment, unless someSenatorasks for
a division.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biownmg, Davis, Hams, Henderson.
Ketinedv, Latham, McDougall, Neaimth, Willev, and
Wright—10
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bajard, Carhle, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn, Foot, Fos-
ter, Giunes, Hale, Harlan, llowaid, Howe, King. Lane of
Indiana, Lane or' Kansas, Momll, Pomeioy, Sheunan,
Stark, Sumner, Ten tijek, Tmmbull, Wado, Wilkinson,
Wilmot, Wilson ot Massachusetts and Wilson of Mis-
souri-— 31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. In pursuance of a sug-
gestion made by me a few days since, in relation
to what I regauled a.s necessary for the security
of the emancipated persons themselves, 1 have
prepared a couple of' sections to effect that object,
for their benefit, which I desire to have read,and
which i olFor as an amendment to this bill:
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
as new sections the following:
And he it /wither encutcd, Thru wit Inn ten days afterthe
passage oi tins act a statement, in wi iting oi schedule, -halt
bo tiled with the eleik oi the circuit eourt lot Ike Distnct
of Columbia, by the seveial owneis or claimants to the
service of the potions made fice or manumitted by tin-* act,
setting lorth the name, aire, si \, and paiticulai de-etiption
of such peisous --evetally ; and the said elm k shall leeeive
and iecord in a book by him to be piovided, and kept lor
that putpOM>, the statement* oi schedule*, on receiving fifty
cents each theielbr; and no elaim shall b«« allowed to any
claimant oi owner who shall neglect thw t entitlement.
And Lc \t further enacted* That the f-aid cleik,or his suc-
cessors in office, shall tiom tun'- to time, on demand, and
on receiving twentv-five cniN theielbr, prepaie, Mgn, and
deliver to each peison made 1'iee, oi manumitted by this
act, a ceitificUe undei me seal ot *atd eouit, .setting out
the name and do-cnption of Mieh person, and stating that
such peison wa^duly manuimtted and made fiee by virtue
ot this act.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will modify the first
section of that amendment by putting in twenty
instead of ten days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will then require that
the claimants to these manumitted persons shall,
within twenty days, file a schedule in the circuit
court of the District, giving the name, age, sex,
condition, &c., of those persons, and that that
schedule shall be recorded on their paying fifty
cents for uicli one. The next section provides
that the clei k of the eourt shall, from time to time,
whenever demanded, furnish a certificate of that
manumission upon leeeivmg twenty-five cents.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say a word more
in explanation. A gentleman asks me how that
duty of the masters to make this record is to be
enforced. It is provided in the amendment that
no claim shall be allowed to any master that
rejects it.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that that provis-
ion is a little too stringent. There is almost al-
ways in all statutes of limitations some provision
by which, where a person fatls, by mistake, by
being absent, or anything of that sort, to comply
with the law, power is given to the court to extend
the time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that,
if the gentleman offers it as an amendment.
Mr. HALE. I think justice requires something
of that sort, if we regard these people as property.
This provision is imperative. There may be per-
sons who may be absent from the city for more
than twenty days after the passage of the act. 1
would add, " unless the court shall for due cause
extend the time," or something of that sort.
Mr. COLLAMER. The commissioners.
Mr. HALE. Well; unless the commissioners
for good cause shall extend the time. 1 think such
a provision ought to be inserted, provided we treat
these people as property.
Mr. COLLAMER. Insert after the words
" twenty days" these words, "or within such
time as the said commissioners herein provided
for shall limit."
Mr. HALE. I agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation of the amendment will be made.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. By way of presenting to
the Senate the views I entertain, and putting them
in cxact form, I will now offer an amendment to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and insert what I send to the Chair as a substi-
tute. I have discussed the measure^n detail. It
is the some that I discussed from my place here,
and I desire a vote of the Senate upon it. I think
it makes a far more complete bill than the one
presented by the committee, and I think its pro-
visions ought to commend themselves to the Sen-
ate. In taking the vote upon it, I should like to
have the yeas and nays that I may have an exact
expression of the opinion of the Senate on the sub-
ject. I wish to say further that a bill of this kind
I will support, and would like to see made a law;
but the bill reported by the committee I cannot
and will not support.
The Secretary proceeded to read the substitute.
Mr. WADE. I believe we have voted on that
same amendment once before. If I remember how
it reads, it is the same thing.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There are some similar
provisions, but it is m substance a different bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will proceed.
Tin? Secietary continued the reading of the
amendment, which is to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert the follow-
ing as a substitute:
That no peison not now within the District of Columbia,
nor now owned by any poison or persons now icsident
within it, shall evei be held in slaveiy within &aid District,
except as hoieinatier piovided.
Sro. '-i. And be it juithcr enacted, That no person now
within saiil Distiiet, ot now owned by any peison or per-
sons now resident within the samc,oi heicattei boin within
it, shall evei be held in .-lavcry without the limits of said
1 >isti let • Piovided, That officers of the Government of the
United State-, being eitizens of the slaveholding States,
eommg into said Dim ict on public business, and lematning
only so long a= may be loasonably necessary for that object,
mav he intended into and out ot *aid Distnct, and while
theic, by theseivauts ot themselves and then families, with-
out their n«!u to hold such servant-* in service being theie-
by itnpaned' And provided fmthci, 'I'll,it citizens of slave-
holding State-, vi-iuugor tempotanlj' remaining in the>aid
Distiiet may be attended into and out of >aid District, and
while there, by the sctvants of themselves and then fami-
lies, v\ itliout their tight to hold s>uch servants in service be-
ing theieby imp.uied.
Sec. 3. And be 11 fuither enacted, That the children boin
of biave mothers within said District on or alter the 1st
day of , in the year of om Lord 1863, shall be fiee,
but shall be reasonabh suppoited and educated by the le-
speciive owners ot then mothei s, ot by then heirs or i eprc-
<.untauve*, and shall -cive teasonable >ervice as appientices
to such o\vner>, hens, and icpiesentatives, until they re-
spective^ ai t ive at the age of tvvenu-one yeais. when they
-hall be entuui\ free; and the municipal auihojitios of
Washington and Ceoigetown within their lespective juris-
dictional limits, aie heieby empoweied and sequir'ed to
make all suitable and nece^aiy piovi^jon* for etifoicing
obedience to this section on the part of both masters and
appieiitiees.
Sec. 4. And be it fuither enacted, That all persons now
within said District lawfully held as slaves, or now owned
by any person or persons now resident within said District,
shall remain such at the will of their respective owners,
their heirs and legal representatives: Provided, That any
such owner oi his legal repiesentativcs may at any tune ic-
ceive from the Treasury of the United States the full value
of his or her slave of the claaa in this section mentioned,
upon which such slave shall be forthwith and forever fiee:
And provided furthcr,Thut the Court of Claims shall receive
ail applications, and on satisfactory evidence in each case
that the poison piesented tor valuation is a slave, and of
the class in This section mentioned, and is owned by the
applicant, shall value such slave at hn ot hei full cash value,
and give to the applicant an order on the Treasuiy for the
amount, and also to such slave a ceitificate of freedom.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That all slaves and free
persons of color, residents ot the said District, may be col-
onized, with their consent, out of the limits of the United
States, and the sum of $250,000, out of any money in the
Treasmy not otherwise appropnated, may be expended
undei the direction of the Pie^identof the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the election offi-
cers within said District of Columbia aie hereby empow-
ered and lequired to open polls at ail the usual places of
holding elections on the first Monday of Apul next, and io-
ceive the vote of every fiee white male citizen above the
age of twenty-one years, having resided within said Dis-
tiict for the period of one year or more next pieceding the
time of such voting for or against this act. to pioceed in
taking said votes in all respects notheiein specified, as at
elections under the municipal laws, and with as little delay
as possible to transmit correct statements of the votes so
cast to the President of the United States ; and it shall bo
the duty of the Piesident to canvass said votes immediately,
and if a majority of them be found to be fortius act, to forth-
with i«sue his pioclamation giving notice of the fact; and
this act shall onlv be in tull torco and effect on and altei the
day of such proclamation.
Sec. 7. And be it further enactcd, That involuntary servi-
tude for the punishment of cume whereof the patty shall
have been duly convicted shall in nowise be prohibited by
this act.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That for all the pur-
poses of this act, the jurisdictional limits ot Washington are
extended to all parts of the Distnct of Columbia not now
included within the hunts of Georgetown.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the adop-
tion of this amendment the Senator from Cali-
fornia asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas ]0, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cavard, Cailtle, Davis, Kennedy, La-
tham, McDougall, Powell, Sherman, YVilley, and Wnght—
10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle,Fessenden,Foot, Foster,Grimes, Ilailan,
Hams, flowaid, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Pomeioy, Stunner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkin-
son, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson ot Mis-
souri—25.
So the amendment was lejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring- in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. The question
will be taken on the whole of them collectively,
unless some Senator asks for a separate vote on
any of them.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. While this bill was in
Committee of the Whole, I moved an amendment
to it, proposing the appropriation of $100,000 to
aid in the voluntary emigration of such free per-
sons of color from this District as desired of their
own free consent to go either to the republics of
Hayti or Liberia, or such other country outside
of the United States as the President might de-
termine. After the question had been taken upon
it some gentlemen in the Senate stated to me that
they did not, in voting upon it, fully understand
the proposition. They connected it with a com-
pulsory colonization, and therefore voted against
it. I desire to renew that amendment in the Sen-
ate, in order that we may have another vote upon
it, and upon the amendment I will ask for the
yeas and nays. It is to insert as a new section:
And be it fuither enacted, That the sum of ,$100,000,
out of any money iri the Treasury not otherwise appro-
ptiated, is hereby appiopnated, to be expended under the
direction of the President of the United States, to aid m
the colonization and settlement of Mich fiee persons of
African descent now residing in said Distnct. including
those to be liberated by tins act, as may desire to emigrate
to the lepubhcs ot il.iytt or Liberia, oi such other country
beyond the limits of the United States as the Piesidont
may determine: Provided, The expenditure tor this pur-
pose shall not exceed .$100 for each emigiant.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this amend-
ment the yeas and nays are asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The .Secretary pioceedcd to call the roll.
Mr.WILKINSON (when his name was called)
said: I paired off on this question with my col-
league, who is in favor of the amendment, while
I, if I voted, should vote against it.
The result was then announced—yeas 27, nays
10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Collamer, Davis,
