1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2483
or this gallon, or this decanter, on the 30th day
of June, is a question very difficult to determine
on the 10th day of July.
I am told that not all of those who are engaged
in the sale of this article, who arc dealers in this
commodity, are strictly honest. That is said to
be the case. Whether they are or rot, there is a
bonus of twenty cents a gallon offered by the
Government for them to be dishonest, and * not
own up that they had liquor on the 30th of June.
Every gallon of spirits winch escapes the payment
of the tax comes into the maiket with just twenty
cents a gallon advantage over that which has paid
the duty. That is a very great burden of itself.
It will injure a great many men,and unfortunately
it will injure just the class of men who are honest,
who meet their obligations, who pay the duty to
the Government. I am not willing to subject them
to that disadvantage.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to say a word
about the suggestion made by the Senator from
Ohio. The Senator says there is no kind of dif-
ficulty about collecting this tax, that the provis-
ions are all made to injure its collection. I do
not recollect any provision of this bill that looks
to the collection of a tax upon whisky on hand;
and there was no such tax in it when it came from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Senator
from Rhode Island that there are provisions in
the bill which were designed to levy taxes on a
great number of articles of personal property,
such as carriages, watches, pianos, &c.; and the
same machinery would apply, and still remains
in the bill, though we have stricken out that sec-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not pretend to say that
we cannot make machinery enough to collect any
tax. That is not the point. The bill was designed
to collect the tax from the distillers of spirits. That
is the whole framework of it. Now, the Senator
says we cannot collect any from them, and shall
not get any until the first part of next year; but
before he got through, he spoke of the provision
made by the Senator from Maine, that they should
have sixty days to get their liquor into market and
pay their tax on it. The Senator told us the other
day that these people could not stop their distil-
leries on account of the stock they had on hand;
and he said they would go on because they had
the stock, but he feared it was a bad time of the
year to sell.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said it was a bad time to
levy a tax so as to stop their business or compel
them to stop. They will have to feed their hogs,
as other people.
Mr. SIMMONS. They will have to make
whisky, and they will have to give bond to pay
the duties in sixty days. Why shall not the Gov-
ernment get them ' it will get duties on all they
make. They may lessen their manufacture to
some extent; but suppose they do for a few months,
that will not amount to a greatdeal. I have been
told by those who undertake to give facts and fig-
ures, that there is about enough whisky on hand
to last sixty days. It is produced so fast that the
committee changed the bill, and made them re-
port every ten days, so as not to accumulate too
much duty upon an establishment before they
made their leturns. I have no idea that there will
be any very great inconvenience. 1 do not ex-
pect that any of these taxes will yield for the first
six months as much as they will after we get the
machinery perfected, and get people used to it.
It is intended to place the same duties upon im-
ported hquois that we place upon those made
nere at home, as [ have seen in the tariff bill, which
is to follow this. What would the Senator say,
if, when the taulT bill came in, it was proposed
to turn lound and tax the foreign liquor on hand?
This is an entire new system, and it is one that I
think we should do well to reflect a good deal on
before we adopt it. I know it will bo regarded by
everybody as what Mr. Benton used to call " tak-
ing a snap judgment" on these people. The Sen-
ator must know, because it has been frequently
stated before the committee, that tins liquor went
up to the full extent of the duty proposed over
and above the price it was at before the bill was
reported. It went up fifteen cents a gallon. That
is what was stated.. It went up to thirty-one
or thirty-two cents, and it was from fifteen to
seventeen cents before. Since then it has been
gradually going down, and -I believe it is about
twenty-four or twenty-five cents now. If those
who bought at the high price were driven into the
market now, they would lose seven cents a gallon
on it. If you leave this ten cents duty off, if it
should rise the whole ten cents, they will get but
three cents more than they gave, and that will be
wasted in leakage and evaporation while they are
holding it. It is not a very profitable article to
hold a great while.
Mr. FE3SENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Anthonv, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark, Fevseudm. Fo>tcr, Gtiines, Hailan, Morril), JPome-
roy, Sherman, Thomson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Dixon, DooHttie, Foot,
Harris, Howaid, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lano of
Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Nesimth, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Simmons, £>Urk, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wiight— 24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment, on winch I ask for the yeas and nays:
Jlnd be Ufurther enacted,That no paitof themoneyaris-
ing fiom the taxes, imposts, and excises in this bill pro-
vided for, shall bo applied to or expanded for thesuppoitor
maintenance of fugitive slaves or tree negioes.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Ncsmith, Powell, Saulsbury, and
Stark—
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan.Dixon, Doohtth', Fessenden, Foot,Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Ilailan, Harris, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of l£an<a«, Latham, MuDimgall^Mornll, Potn-
erov, Sherman, Simmons, Simmer, Thomson, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wiight—34.
So tin* amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 79,lines fourand five
of section sixty-five,! move to strike out the words
" whether manufactured for himself or forothers;"
so that the clause will read:
Tha'Hipon the amount*, quantities, and values of produce,
good*, wares, merchandise, and aiticles manufactured and
sold 01 ddivcied, heieinafter enumerated, the mariutacturer
theieof shall pay to the collector, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope that will not be
agreed to. It would very much embarrass the
whole proceeding of collccting the taxes.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to state my object in
offering ihis amendment. 1 think it is one that
will commend itself to the favor of the Senate.
There is in the State of New York, and in some
of the northern counties of Pennsylvania, a very
large number of tanneries. I suppose that three
fifths, perhaps mora than that, of all the sole-
leather manufactured and consumed in the United
States is manufactured in that region—most of it
m the^State of New Yotk; a portion of the tan-
ners are over the Pennsylvania line. This is the
situation of these tanners: they take contracts
from the dealers in the city of New York to tan
their hides at a certain rate per pound; the usual
rate is five cents; it varies very little from that;
sometimes it is four and seven eighths cents; five
and a quarter cents is the highest; five cents a
pound is the usual price for tanning the hides.
The tanners receive the hides in New Ymk from
the importers; they tianspoit them to theii tan-
neiies in the mountainous hemlock regions of
country lying along the south bounds of New
York and the northern bounds of Pennsylvania.
They put the hides into their tanneries, and in
the course of about twelve months they bring
them out sole-leather, and they return them to
their employers in New York tanned; and for
that—the transportation, the process of tanning,
and returning the hides—they receive five cents a
pound. They make, at the moM, in this process,
half a cent a pound. The buxim ss is very much
depressed, and more since this war than befoie,
for the reason that the order of ilie Government
is that oak-tanned loathei shall be used altogether
m making shoes for the Ai my, excluding entirely
hemlock-tanned leather, and this is all hemlock-
tanned leather. The cifect has been to produce
numerous bankruptcies among that class of peo-
ple. The business is very much depressed. _ I
will read an extract fiom a letter, from a very in-
telligent man, on this subject:
u I am interested in the manufacture of hemlock sole-
leathoi io tins extent oi about our million pounds annually ;
a tax ol eight mili.v per pound is §8,000 jeaily. Our county
maUe> about twenty million pounds, and a tax oi eight mills
is $160,000 yearly. You know what our country is, a rough
mountainous region, land worth little only for pasture; a
large portion of the capital of the county invested in hem-
lock sole-leather manufacture, and thousands of laboring
people depending on it for employment and a livelihood."
That little county of Sullivan, one of the poorest
counties in the State of New York, a mountainous
region, bordering on the State of Peansylvaoia,
the population of which is so small that.it has but
one representative in the largest branch of our
Legislature, will be taxed $160,000. This writer
says further;
" However humiliating the fact is, it is no less the truth
that the tauneit have for five years past sustained such
severe losses that many of them have become insolvent, and
that the business of the balance is much prostrated, most
of them lying idle, with a heavy stock of leather on their
hands, awaiting a demand m the market, to finish their
leather and realize on the same; most of it will have to be
sold at a heavy lo?s so soon as it will sell at all. The hem-
lock sole-leather manufacture was oveulone and prostiated
for three years before the war broke out, which ha* cutoff
full one third of the market, and much diminished the con-
sumption of the balance. The Government decided that
all Army shoes should be made of oak leather, thereby cut-
ting off the hemlock portion of the trade: hence you see
our position with heavy stocks on our hands, which must
be .sold at a loss, and Government proposing a tax of eight
mills per pound, which in one year would amount to more
than the aggiegate piofits often years past, which if it be-
comes a law as it now stands and is made to apply to the
Btoeknow t it the manufactuier*' hands will completely ruin
and wind up all that are engaged therein."
Now, I do not propose here, though I may have
something to say about it when we come into the
Senate, to reduce the tax on this leather. All I
ask is that the tax shall be thrown on the owner.
Here are these large dealers in that portion of New
York city called "the Swamp," heavy dealers,
importers, who import their hides and send them
up to tanners to be tanned. The tanners have no
interest but five cents a pound. The effect of this
provision which I propose to strike out is to throw
primarily the tax on these tanners, these manu-
facturers. All I ask is that the owner may pay
the tax, and that the tanners may nut be called
upon to do it. It seems to me very severe that
this class of men, oppressed as they are, borne
down as they are, having no interest in the arti-
cle, simply tanning the leather for hire, getting
only five cents, shall be compelled to pay eight
mills, which is more than all they make on the
leather. I ask not that the owners of the leather
shall be exempted from any tax, but that the tax
shall be thrown upon the owners of the leather
and not upon the manufacturers.
Mr. COWAN. I am not certain that the amend-
ment proposed would achieve all that is desired
for it by the honorable Senator from New York.
The only effect which I see would result from it,
would be to impoverish the collector appointed
for Sullivan county and to enrich the collector for
the city of New York, where the hides are owned
which are put out to be tanned in Sullivan county.
I suppose that the manufacturer in Sullivan coun-
ty, when he finds that this tax is assessed on the
leather which he tans for another man, will give
him notice that a certain amount of impost is put
upon the article and that he must advance it. Now,
let us suppose for an instant that he does not ad-
vance it, what is the consequence? The whole
consequence falls upon the owner in New York,
not upon the tanner. The collector will levy upon
the article itself in order to obtain the revenue,
and the first lien will be the lien of the mannfac-
tuiei. That is the first lien undoubtedly, and you
cannot escape it. Any man who manufactures
goods for another has a lien on the article. Ac-
cording to the common law he may hold on to the
article until the cost of the manufacture is paid.
A tailor has a lien on the cloth you take to him to
have a coat made, until you pay him for the coat,
and he can hold on to it; and if there is a tax levied
on the coat in the mean time, he has to be paid
before the tax. So, I apprehend that this pro-
vision is ail well enough for the manufacturer; I
do not see that he can suffer; but I do see that
there will be difficulty in paying the collector in
Sullivan county, because, perhaps, this is the only
article that will be taxed in that county. The col-
lector will be paid out of the icvenuc which he
derives fiom it, but if the payment is transferred
to the city of New York there will bo nothing to
compensate him. 1 would a great deal rather let
it remain as it is.
I would suggest further, which may be a fit and
proper subject for consideration here, as all leather
itself is taxed, whether it is prudent to impose an
additional tax on the products which are made
from it. I am very free to say that! do not my-
