TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
self like that feature in the bill; at the same time,
1 have no objection to the one which is attempted
to-be remedied in this way.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that if the tax
is imposed it will fall upon the real proprietor,
Jrst or last, whether it is paid in Sullivan county
Or in" the Swamp" ofNew York. I do not know,
-therefore, that in point of fact it will make much
difference* whether it is levied to be collected in
the one place or the other. It will fall ultimately
in the same quarter, and will enter into the price
of the article. But if I can have the attention of
^the Senator from New York for one minute, I
.should like to ask him whether, in point of fact,
:lie will accomplish what he seems to aim at by
Striking out the words as he proposes. If the
;wqrds are struck out, it will leave this tax to be
paid by the manufacturer of the article. But who
is the manufacturer of the article? Is it the owner
in " the Swamp"in New York, or is itthe tanner
in Sullivan county ? It seems to me that it is the
tanner in Sullivan county, and that, therefore, if
the motion of theSenatorshouldprevail,and these
words should be stricken out, the tax must, still
be paid by the tanner there; but even supposing
the tax is paid by the tanner there, then 1 come
back to the point with which I began—that it will
enter into the price of the article, and it must ulti-
mately fall upon the original owner in New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One consideration it is
necessary that the Senator should understand: by
altering this section in this respect, you disor-
ganize and disarrange one principle 011 which the
bill is founded; it proceeds on this idea that there
must be for all these things a definite place fixed,
and that place one where you will find the article
upon which you impose the tax, that is, tlie-place
ofmanufacture. If you let itgo from there to A, E,
C,all around the country, you have got to follow it,
and you may or may not find it; but you always
find it at the factory, and nobody is hurt by it;
but'as the Senator from Massachusetts says, it
falls on the owner; he makes the arrangements
If you make the amendment, you throw the
whole into confusion. It is a very necessary and
important provision.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Maine, at what stage of the manufac-
ture—it involves not only this question but vari-
ous other considerations—at what stage of the
manufacture he understands this tax to be paid.
It was stated here on Saturday by the Senator
from Vermont, and the statement was not con-
tradicted by the Senator from Maine, that he un-
derstood, and lie made that suggestion in answer
to an objection I raised, tluit these taxes were not
payable on manufactures until the articles were
sold. That was the construction he proposed
to give to all these provisions, that the tax was
liot payable until the article was not only manu-
factured but sold, and that is the language of most
of these provisions. For myself, I iind great
difficulty 111 construing these provisions. At what
stage of the manufacture of this leather is the tax
to be collected? Here is an owner of hides in
the city of New York; he remains owner;lie en-
ters into a contract with a tanner in the country
to convert them into leather; the tanner performs
his contract, he converts it into leather—when is
the tax payable? When the leather is sold, says
the bill; when the leather is sold, says the Sena-
tor from Vermont. Now, here is a provision
which charges the tax 011 the manufacturer of the
article, who, having no interest in the article,
manufactures it simply for hire. I wish to know
of the Senator from Maine how he understands
these provisions. For myself, I think they are
involved in the greatest obscurity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the gentleman who
makes so many points on the bill had studied it
beforehand, lie would have saved himself a good
deal of trouble. If the Senator had examined the
bill he would have found the woids " or removed
for consumption or sale" in all cases "after the
word "sold."
Mr. HARRIS. I do not find those words in
this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because they are not
necessary in this suction.
Mr. HARRIS. Nor are they in many other
sections.
Air. FESSENDEN. If they are omitted you
may escape taxation, perhaps.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose to offer two or
three amendments which I submitted the other
day, and which were printed. If the chairman
thinks it is well enough for me to offer them now,
I will; or I will wait until he gets through with
some he is going to offer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that it
makes any difference. I can go on and put in
some amendments I wish to offer, and then the
Senator can put in his.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will offer mine now.
Some verbal amendments are necessary, but I can-
not tell until the sections are made out, and we
get through, what the numbers of the various sec-
tions are to be; they have to be changed. I move
now to insert as a new section, to come in after
section twenty-one, page 26:
Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That in all cases of distraint upon
real estate for the non-payment of duties imposed by this
act, the officer makingsuchdistramtshall give notice to the
pcison whose estate is proposed to be disuained by £ivin<*
him in hand or leaving at liislast and usual place of abode,
it he has any such within the collection district where said
estate is situated, a notice in writing, stating what particu-
lar estate is proposed to be distrained, descubing the same
with reasonable certainty, and the time when and place
where said officer proposes to sell the same, which tjme
shall not be less than ten nor more than twenty days from
the time of said notice ; and the said officer shall also cati-sc
a notification to the same effect to be published in some
newspaper within the county where such distraint is made,
if any such there be. and shall also cause a like notice to be
posted at the post office nearest to the place of residence of
the peison whose estate shall be so distrained, and in two
other public places within the county; and the place of
said sale shall not be more than live miles distant from the
estate distrained. At the time and place appointed the offi-
cer in such district shall pioceed to sell the said estate at
public auction, offering the same at a minimum price, in-
cluding the amount ot duties, with the ten per cent, addi-
tional thereon, and ali charges for advertising and an offi-
cer's fee of ten dollais, and if no person offers lor said estate
the amount of paid minimum the officer shall declare the
same to be puichased by him tor the [Tinted States, and
sHall deposit with the district attorney of the United States
a deed theieof as hereinafter specified, provided otherwise
the same shall be declared to be sold to the highest bidder;
and said sale may be adjourned by said officer for a period
not exceeding live davs, il he shall think it advisable to do
so. If the amount bid shall not be then and there paid, the
officer shall forthwith pioeced lo again sell said estate in the
same manner. If the amount bid shall be then and theie
paid, the ofiicershall give his receipt therclorif requested,
and within five days thoieafter he shall make out a deed of
the estate so ^old to the purchaser thereof and execute the
same in his official capacity m the manner pi escribed by the
laws of the State in winch said estate may be situated, in
which said deed shall be recited the fact of said distiamt,
with the cause theieof, the amount of duty for which said
distraint was made, and of all charges and fees, and the
amount paid by the purchaser, and of his acts and doings in
relation to said distiaint,and «ba!l have the same ready for
delivery to said puichasor, and shall deliver the same ac-'
cordiugly upomequesttheiefor; and said deed shall he con-
clusive evidence of the tiuth of the facts stated therein, and
if the said proceedings have been substantially in pursuance
of the provisions of this act, shall be considered a1M oper-
ate as a conveyance to the purchaser of the title to the said
estate, but shall not afiVct the rights of thiid persons ac-
quit ed previously to the claim of the United States under
this act. The suiplus, if any, arising from such sale shall
be disposed of as provided iu tlus act for Uke cases arising
upon sales of personal property; and any person whose es-
tate may be distrained for duties as aforesaid fhali have the
same right to payortendertlie amountdue, with theproper
charge* thereon, p  inr to the eale thereof, and thereupon to
lelieve his said estate fiom distraint and sale as afoiesaid,
as ptovidcd in tins act for personal propeity snmlaily situ-
ated. And any coilcctor or deputy collector may, for the
collection of duties imposed upon any person by this act
and committed to jinn lor collection, distrain tUo lands of
Mich person situated m nnyotliei collection district within
the State in which said officer icsides, and ins proceedings
in relation thereto shall have the same effect as if the same
weie had in his propei collection district.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I un-
derstand exactly the whole effect of that amend-
ment simply from its reading. I ask whether it
makes the same provision in regard to making the
conveyance conclusive that we rejected the other
day?
Mr. FESSENDEN". All there is in it is the
principle which applies in every State under the
common law that the return of an officer, as to the
facts, shall be conclusive evidence between the
parties. There is a proviso that it shall not affect
the claim of third persons, but as to the fact that
| the officer's proceedings under the warrant, or
• whatever it was under which he sells, were regn-
; lar and correct, Ins return, he being a sworn offi-
cer, shall be conclusive.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. That is very similar to
the clause the other day, where it was made con-
clusive evidence of title to the purchaser. I sup-
pose that will be the effect of tt deed made under
this provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will see, on
examining it, that it is like every other provision
in reference to the return of an officer, like the re-
turn of an execution. The laws of no State in the
Union allow a party to contradict that return as
between the parties in reference to the proceed-
ings. The return on a levy is always conclusive
as to the facts set forth, except in the case of an
accident. You cannot impeach it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had some ex-
perience with these summary proceedings in my
State, in selling lands for taxes, and there have
been various kinds of acts, quite a number, passed
on this subject. In fact there has been a struggle
between the Legislature and the courts, the Legis-
lature endeavoring to make the title perfect, to
make it conclusive, not allow it to be disputed,
and the courts struggling to protect the rights of
parties lest they should be deprived of valuable
estates for a mere pittance, because of an inad-
vertence sometimes, or an accident. This provis-
ion is a long section; I am not able to appreciate
and understand it correctly from the mere reading
of it; and I should like t© inquire of the Senator
from Maine whether, in a case where the taxes
had been paid—and such cases do arise—and the
sale should take place, the owner of the property,
although he had in fact paid the taxes, would have
any remedy other than suing the officer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of the
Treasury has power to correct all mistakes of that
sort, and undoubtedly a mistake of that kind,
which might possibly occur in one case out of ten
thousand, might be set right by legislation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it could not be set
right by legislation. If the purchaser obtains a
perfect title,and theinstrumentof writing is made
by law conclusive, I do not see how it would be
competent to interfere by legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be very glad to
have the provision fixed right. I drew it with all
the care and ail the legal knowledge I was master
of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only suggestion I
have to make in regard to it is this: I am well
aware that you must have a summary proceeding
to collect this tax, and 1 am quite willing that it
shall be sufficiently efficient to accomplish the ob-
ject; but I question the necessity of making these
recitals conclusive of the facts recited.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so at common law;
so in practice everywhere.
.Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in these summary
proceedings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; it is in the
nature of a return on an execution. Take the case
of a levy made in any State on an execution. The
return of an officer is evidence of what he sets
forth. I go on to provide:
And within live days thereafter he shall make out a deed
of the estate so sold to the pinchaser thereof, and execute
the same in hi-J official capacity in the manner prescribed
by the laws ol the State in which said estate may be situ-
ated, in which said deed shall be recited the fact of said dis-
traint, with the cause thereof, the amount of debt for which
said dbtraint was made, and of all cliaiges and fees, and
the amount paid by the purchaser, and all his acts and do-
ings in relation to said distraint, and shall have the same
ready for delivery to said purchaser, and shall deliver the
same accordingly upon request therefor; and said deed
shall be conclusive evidence of the truth of the facts stated
therein—
Precisely like a return on an execution—
and if the said pioceedings have been substantially in pur-
suance of the provisions of this act, shall be considered
and operate as a conveyance to the purchaser of the title to
said (state, but shall not affect the lights of third persons
acquired previously to the claim of the United States under
tins act.
That is the provision.
Mr, GRIMES. Is the Senator willing that it
shall be amended so that it shall read that the deed
shall be conclusive evidence of the truth of the
acts performed by the officer making the return ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that if the Senator prefers that phraseology.
Mr. GRIMES. There is not the analogy be-
tween the case stated by the Senator from Maine
and this case that he supposes. The officer may
state that the indebtedness exists when it has
already been paid, or when it is not due. The
deed ought to be conclusive only as to the acts per-
formed^y the officer himself. Where an execu-
tion is issued and the ministerial officer performs
an act under it, there has already been a judgment
settling the amount due, and there is no appeal
from it; but here there is no judgment of a court
