1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the highest rule of moral conduct which should
govern men in their action, in settling this or other
questions, have studied human nature to learn the
secret springs which control human action to but
little purpose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. "Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island permit me to state a fact?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. With pleasure.
Mr. WICKLIFFE I wish to state that there
would bo no trouble in sending such a proclama-
tion of the President for emancipating slaves as
ho mentions, to the rebels. They already have
it m circulation among their people, by way of
producing the same result the gentleman supposes
it would produce. Thoy already have it in print,
signed with the name of Mr. Lincoln, (of course
forged.)
Mr. SHEFFIELD. That fact does not affect
the conclusion, for I suppose the proclamation
is circulated among the rebels, but not among the
slaves. They will whisper it in the oars of the
whites, but they will take good care that it does
not reach the ears of (he blacks. It seems to me
that our duty is plain in reference to this matter.
We should turn our attention to putting an end
to this war; we should aim our blows at the ene-
mies ofourcountry. Insteadofquarreling among
ouisclves and endeavoring to produce division in
the minds of the friends of the Government, we
should endeavor to divide and subdue its enemies.
1 regretted to hear some things which I have heard
said by men from the border Srates in this Hall
to gentlemen on this side of the House, and I have
also regretted to hear some things which have
been said by men from this side of the Chamber
to gentlemen from the border States.
It is a very easy thing for men living in the
northern States to be loyal, because all there are
loyal; but it is another tiling in the border States.
It is not to me at all surprising that men should
hesitate somewhat there—that the claims of na-
tuu; should bear heavily upon those of duty. 1
am not surprised that the father should hesitate
before he raises his arm to strike down even his
recreant son; that the brother should hesitate a
little before he undertook to take arms against his
hi othei ; that friends should hesitate a little before
they determined to dissolve their friendly relations
m blood upon the battle-field. And when the de-
cision is once taken, it is not at all surprising that
they should again yearn for the return of the
friendship which has been severed; that the father
should yearn for tho return of the prodigal, and
should rejoice when he came back, even though
he came starving and naked. It is a very diiferent
thm^ to be a loyal man where you have to fi?ht
against the claims of nature and of friendship.
The loyal men of Tennessee are heroes to-day,
and we ought to stretch out to them the hand of
fellowship and of sympathy. And Kentucky, too.
Yes, Kentucky. I lo\o hci, Mr. Chairman, for
the sake of hot favorite son. The only political
idol that I ever had hay been entombed in hersoil,
and I cannot but admire the conductof those gal-
lant men who are rallying around his grave to
keep it in this Union.
Tins is a wicked rebellion. In my judgment it
has no parallel m iniquity. It requnes our cool-
est, ripest judgment to be brought to consider the
means which we are to take to put it down. I
would put n down at all hazards and at all costs.
: would take, if need be, foi that putpose, by con-
scripting every loyal man of e\ery loyal and of
every disloyal State. I would take all the means
T could command which seemed to me to be ne-
cessary to put itdown. The men who arc m arms
against this Government should submit, and they
should submit without a bribe, to obey the laws of
our common country. The men in Rhode Island
want this lebelhon to be put down. To accom-
plish this it is worth all that it will cost; for pop-
ular government is> now on trial, and its success
is involved in the maintenance of the Union. It
would be better, far better, that every loyal man
at the North should be slam than that, this rebel-
lion should not be suppressed. The.generations
of future centuries will look back to this period of
our h is tor v, and calculate the effect of our conduct
upon human civilization. It matters little whether
you or I may die to-day or ten years hence; but
it is a matter of consequence to the civilized world,
not only to men of thus geneiation, but to the men
of all iuture times, that this Government should
not be overthiown. Our people desire it to be put
down. They would sooner have all of their prop-
erty consumed in one grand conflagration, and
every man of us slain upon the battle-field, than
that we should bow, ignobly bow, the knee—which
we have been taught only to bend in prayer—to
the lawless power of rebel hosts, or that this tidal
flow of treason and rebellion should not be rolled
back to its native hell.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Blair, of Missouri, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the Military Academy appropriation bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that general debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the Military Academy appropria-
tion bill shall be closed within one minute after
its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr,
Blair, of Missouri, in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill before the com-
mittee is the Military Academy appropriation bill,
upon which the general debate has been closed.
The first reading of the bill for information was
dispensed with.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to strike out
the following:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians,
,$100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I make that motion for the pur-
pose of inquiring what is the number of cadets for
which this appropriation for the Military Acad-
emy is to be applied?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot say how many ca-
dets are now in that academy. The regular num-
ber is two hundred and fifty-three. How many
are in attendance I do not know, but the legal
number is two hundred and fifty-three.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. That is the whole
number authorized to be supported at that insti-
tution for the entire country.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; that is the whole
number authonzed for the whole country.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Embracing disloyal
as well as loyal States.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. Of course, nothing
will be paid for the disloyal States, if the cadets
fiom those States are not in attendance.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
: ing proviso to come in at the end of the bill:
! Provided, hoi'Cia, That the sum of $60,000 out of the
; money horuinlx-Ioi c appiopnatcd -.Hall be expended loi the
1 Msppoit ol tb<' following additional cadets to li!l up the num-
1 her ;mtlioiiz< d by ovi-tins law.-, but not now filled up by
i Kj.wmot the it-hellion ; to wit. one Irom tvieli congios-
! ionnl di-tricr now repievented in tiie aoadcniv, to be nom-
inated by the Repie-eniame fiom t!u* dMiict, and ten " at
lai^'v'tobc appointed by the PieMdent; hdviny in each
I e:u-e the siino qualifications a? ate now required by law.
j Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
; The number of cadets at West Point and the man-
ner of their appointment are provided by existing
law. An act of Congress is lequired to change it.
1 I believe that then; is such a bill pending in the
other Hous-. I make the point, therefore,as this
ii amendment makes a change m the existing low,
!i that it is not in order.
ij Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The appiopriation
j' is the same as that passed at the last session of
Congress*, and is for the number allowed by law.
!! The proviso only proposes that the academy shall
ij contain the full number under the existing law.
'j It has been the usage to permitamendments to be
I made, limiting the mode of expenditure of appro-
i priations. Such a piaetice has not been held to
, be inconsistent with the rule.
;t Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that the amendment changes existing law, and is
;j therefore not in ortW.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
j! ion that the point of order is well taken, and he
ii therefore rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. When does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania propose to continue
the consideration of the executive, legislative, and
judicial appropriation bill?
Mr. STEVENS. After the pending; bill has
been disposed of.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Blair, of Missouri, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 224, malting appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and had
directed him to report the same back to the House
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of taking up and continuing the con-
sideration of the executive, legislative and judicial
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blair, of Missouri, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the executive, legislative, and judi-
cial appropriation bill, upon which general debate
has been closed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move the following
amendment to the first section of the bill:
But no Senator or Representative shall be entitled, by
vntue of any provision contained in this bill, to receive
moio than uvo mileages for attendance upon the Thirty-
Seventh Confess.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think that we had
passed the first section some distance.
The, CHAIRMAN. The committee made an
amendment to the first section, but it had not
passed it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raise a question
of order on the amendment, that it undertakes to
decide a question as to the existing law, to settle
that which is in dispute—to change the existing
law, as many claim, and is therefore out of order.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Ohio has, I think, failed to attend to the phrase-
ology of my amendment. It simply affirms that
no Senator or Representative shall be entitled, by
virtue of any provision contained in this bill, to
receive more than two mileages for attendance on
the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment proposes independent
legislation, and is therefore out of order.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I move to amend
in line eight, by striking out the words "and mile-
age," and in line ten, by striking out "§40,430,"
and inserting " four,"so that the clause will read:
For compensation nf Senators $204,000.
The existing law as to mileage provides that
only two mileages shall be paid for a Congress.
The Senators o"f the United States have already
received their two mileages for this Congress.
This appropriation will take effect from the 30th
of .Tune next, if we pass this bill, and this clause
will simply make an appropriation to pay a third
mileage in December next. I hope, therefore,
we shall vole to strike out this appropriation for
another mileage.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would like to know of
the gentleman from Vei mont the ground for ilia
statement—a statement which I have heard fre-
quency stated and frequently denied that Sen-
