1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xm
bia, without trial, without the verdict of a jury,
to pronounce a man guilty by the award of three
men who choose to pass upon him, or even with-
out pronouncing him guilty, to rob him of his
property? Yet that is your bill. Disguise it as
you may, this bill, when it inserts that clause
which requites a condition that a mail shall do
some act extraneous to his right of property, such
as a declaration of allegiance, or requires that he
shall be a loyal citizen to recover compensation,
undertakes to forfeit the value which he is justly
entitled to when you abolish his right of property
in slaves, without trial and without a crime. This
may be the law and principle of a free country.
It is different from what I understood the prin-
ciple and law under a Government of laws and
under a free Government to be.
1 can easily understand that under the despot-
ism of Austria such an event might occur. It
does amaze me that such a proposition, notneces-
sary for the purposes for which this bill is intro-
duced, not connected with the question of aboli-
tion in any way whatever, should stand before
the Senate of the United States with the proba-
bility of its approval. Sir, I know that personal
liberty has been infringed; nay, personal liberty
is dead in the United States under the stale plea
of State necessity; but with the single exception
of the action of General Halleck in Missouri,
which might be paliatcd, not justified, from the
condition of things there, T am not aware that the
Government of the United States, in any State in
which the courts are open, and the parties arc
amenable to process, has undertaken to confis-
cate the property of the citizen without trial, and
without any offense known, to the laws. It is an
onward step; it is a further step to the destruc-
tion of free government, and the establishment of
a government of will in this country, depending
on the will of the existing Administration. No
geneial rules or principles, no written Constitu-
tion, meant, as it is, to guard against the viola-
tion of private rights, seems to have the slightest
control over the actions either of the Executive
or of Congress. Sir, I might go on and declaim
on this subject—no, not declaim, but argue upon
it, and 1 wish—I never wished it before—I had
the capacity and the eloquence that abler men
possess that 1 might enforce upon my countrymen
the dangers arising; from this principle, that be-
cause an object is desired by a majority, that that
object is to be effected without regaid to the pro-
visions of the Federal Constitution or the law of
the land.
But, sir, this bill contains in its third section
another provision to which I wish to allude. I
know nothing of the object or the motive that in-
serted it. It camc from a committee, I believe. I
can only give to it its legal const! uction; but I will
venture to say that in the records of civilized na-
tions, so barbarous, so utterly unjust a piovision
was never found in any law that has been passed
by any Legislature of the civilized world. In the
third section, after providing that the President is
to appoint these commissioners, who ate to de-
termine and investigate the validity and value of
the claims, and apportion the money, and that the
entire sum is not to exceed $300 for each person,
it is provided further:
" That no claim shall be allowed for any slave or slaves
brought into the said District aftei the passage of tins act.'"'
That is right. It is in accordance with tfie
power and with the view of Congress in prohib-
iting slavery in the District of Columbia. Then
the section proceeds:
" Or which originate-* in or by viitue of any transfer heie-
toforo made, oi which -shall hercal'fei be made, by any per-
son who at ativ time has aided or sustained the rebellion
against the Government of the United rftatos."
What is the effect of this provision? That if a
loyal holder—if the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] was living m this District, and
his moderate principles did not prevent him fiom
being the owner of a slave, and he had held that
slave for ten years, if his title had oiiginatedm o
purchase from a man who, eight or nine years
afterwards, committed the offense of rebellion,
then his property is to be confiscated for the act
of that man. That is the principle of this meas-
ure. That is what this bill provides in its legal
effect. It matters not when the title originated;
there is no limitation; five years, ten years, twenty
years; it is all the same thing. Apply the prin-
ciple to land. If, then, any man living in the Dis-
trict of Columbia was the owner of a house which
he had purchased from a person now hr rebellion
against the United States, the principle embodied
in this bill would authorize the confiscation of the
property of that man, however loyal, because he
had purchased ten years before from a party who
was a disloyal citizen of the United States. In
other words, one man is made responsible in the
property he purchased for the subsequent acts of
the party from whom he purchased. I dare say
this may be justice in the opinion of gentlemen;
if- may be all right; hut I do not think'that any
tribunal, I do not think thatany civilizedcommu-
nity would pronounce it anything else than a bar-
barous violation of every principle of justice, ap-
plied to any species of property whatever.
Mr. President, I am aware that there is a kind
of answer given by certain members of this body
that slaves are not propeity. Well, sir, it is riot
worth an argument. If the decision of Sir Wil-
liam Scott, that slavery was recognized in all
nations, and in all times, and by the comrti'on com-
pacts and conventions of nations, as ldgal prop-
erty, is to be rejected—if the decisions or the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and the court
of King's Bench, in the case of Madrazo vs. Willes
is to be rejected, and we arc to substitute " higher
law" for the acknowledged doctrines of law; then
you may say slaves arc not property, an# there-
fore what you give is merely voluntary, and that
my argument does not apply.
But, sir, there is a further argument. If it be
true that slaves arc not property by law, and can-
not be property, why not leave it to the courts—
where is the necessity for this bill? If they are
not legally property, they can be discharged on
habeas corpus. If there is no right to hole! them,
no right of the owner to property in his slave, no
legislation is required for the purpose of abolish-
ing slavery. If that were so, in Pennsylvania,m
1780, they passed a very useless law. If that
were so, m Rhode Island, in 1782, they passed a
very foolish and ridiculous law. If that Were so,
they passed similar ridiculous laws, in 1799, in
New York, and I believe, subsequently, in New
| Jetsey. But fuither, if that were so, the Govern-
1 ment of the United States has committed an atroc-
! lty; it has plundered the Government of Great
Britain, because in the treaty of Ghent, through
its diplomatic agents, it stipulated for the pay-
ment of the value of slaves, as well as other prop-
erty taken by Great Britain duting the progress
of that war. Sir, the argument is not worth an-
swering which is attempted to bo made on this fal-
lacious ground that slaves are not just as much
property as any other property that a man can
hold.
Mr. President, the foundations of property do
not rest in the law of nature; they rest on the com-
plex relations of civilized society. You would
find it very difficult, indeed, by any law of nature
to establish the principle that because A holds five
hundred acies of land during his life, cultivated
or uncultivated, and excludes the rest of the world
from its occupation and enjoyment, it is therefore
to be transmitted to B, C, arid D, who happen to
he his children or his collateral relatives. It re-
sults from positive law, founded either on statu-
tory regulations or on the customary usages of
nations; and all property among civilized nations
rests upon that. Destroy property, strike out of
the heart of man the passion for acquisition, arid
you destioy the civilization of the world, aud'may
return at once to a state of savagcism. It is the
hope of the future connected with a man's pos-
terity, it is the passion for acquisition, it is the
desire to accumulate for those who are to follow
him, thatforms the basis of all human civilization.
Sir, I submit to the Senate that the objections I
have urged to this bill as it stands are sufficient to
secure its rejection, if they mean to regard the Fed-
eral Constitution. If the war is to be prosecuted
for its preservation, its principles must beadhered
to dunng the prosecution of the war. We aic not
wantonly to violate them because gentlemen may
have a theory that it is neccssaiy for the benefit
of the District of Columbia and for the cause of
freedom to set free the slaves here, or because they
may have the further theory that it is necessary
to punish, without due process of law, without
trial by jury, those whom they suppose sympa-
thize with the confederates, and not to be loyal
citizens. Are you to punish men without chaige
alleged, or crime proved, or offense known to the
laws? Gentlemen may entertain these opinions,
and yet they will violate the Federal Constitution
if this bill is passed, and the attempt is madetoin-
fiict punishment and deprivation of property in
that mode. Honorable Senators may think that
adherence to the provisions of the CqnsXi^uti.oh ft
of little moment now when they are'iri po wer:" i$t
I tell them that hereafter they will lino that the¥e
is a Nemesis in all human affairs, and that it is'^j*
easier to throw away the precious jewel of civil
liberty than to rccover it when it is once lost.
Mr. President, I have no hope of defeating 'ttf is
hill; I do not expect to defeat it; but I hold it*
"be a duty on my part, as I stated, no't to my St£te,
not to my constituents, but to my country, to
oppose that which I believes violates the Consti-
tution of that country, and not only violates itj
but is unwise and tends to the destruction of that
very Union which you say you are making war
to preserve.
I pass now,for a few moments—and then I shall
spare you any further remarks—to some ques-
tions connected with the relations of race. The
honorable Senator from Ohio expects that the
passage of this bill is to produce a paradise in
Washington. To the people of Delaware, it is
of no moment whatever whether you pass this
bill or not; it will affect them in no way; it is not
as their representative that I object to this bill.
I am opposed to it, because of its deleterious and
destructive consequences to the country at large;
because it tends to increase and invigorate oppo-
sition to the war on the part of the revolted
States. It may be that the honorable Senator,
with the profuse imagination which he appears to
enjoy, may be right in his idea that Washington
is to be the paradise of negroes; but I tell him
that, in my judgment, he will find that it will be
anything but the paradise of white men in the
course of two or three years hence.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend did not hear me
exactly, or did not understand me aright. I said
that Washington was already the paradise of
free negroes in this country; because here they
now enjoy more social rights and privileges than
they do in any portion of the United States. tI
do notsuppose that it will be any more a paradise
for them hereafter than it has been heretofore.
Mr. BAYARD. I will suppose then that Wash-
ington is now the paradise of the free negroes of
the United States, and I pi*esume in the passage
of this bill the honorable Senator does not mean
to deprive them of their paradise; I presume he
intends to increase their enjoyments. It is meant
for their benefit, certainly not for the benefit of
the white race in any way that I can perceive.
The effect of this bill, in my judgment, will be
deleterious, and most deleterious first to the city
of Washington, next to the State of Maryland,
then to the State of Virginia, and then by the ef-
fcctofiis indirect influence to the State of Kentucky
and the State of Missouri; and if you succeed in
compelling by force of arms the other slavehold-
ing States to return into the Union, the effect will
permeate through the entire mass of those States.
I have said that to my State it is of hut little mo-
ment, and I will tell you why. In the State of
Delaware I admit that slavery does not exist as a
valuable source of property. I admit unhesita-
tingly that if to-morrow we could substitute for
the negro population of Delaware, slave and free,
the same number of white men, or half the same
number of white men, and get lid of the inferior
race, our wealth would be quadrupled. In Del-
aware slavery is of little value; the slaveholder
has little if any political influence; but in that State
exists a fact which has existed hitherto in rela-
tion to no other State in this Union, and it makes
her people appreciate the dangers of the relations
of race, where there is a superior and inferior race
in large numbers in the same community, whether
that inferior race is in a state of bondage or in a
state of freedom. Delaware is the only State in
this Union, in which, down to 1850, the black race
increased more than the white race. Though the
slaves in that State had diminished three fourths
in number, the black race down to 1850 had in-
creased in the State of Delaware six per cent,
more than the white race. Fortunately for us the
tide has turned, and since 1850 the white race is
beginning gradually to assume its numerical su-
premacy in reference to the black race. We then
had one fifth of our population free negroes, and
we still have that proportion in round numbers,
