1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2487
ednpss will not be deducted; and therefore the
section had better stand as it is.
Mr. DIXON. There is some force in the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Ohio; and therefore would
it not be better to say that the amount of " all
debts whether secured by mortgage or otherwise,"
should be deducted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not say anything
about it. " Income" is tt word that has received
a definite construction, not so much in the laws
of the United States as the general commercial
law, and especially the law of England. Interest
is always taken out. If you said " netincome,"
that would mean income after paying personal
and household expenses, and therefore the word
" income" is used. If you said " net income,"
all your expenses would be taken from the income.
The purpose, I understand, is to reach a man's
income. That embiaces everything he receives,
deducting what he pays out for interest and the
like—everything that he receives from his prop-
erty, but without making deduction for personal
expenses.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator from Connec-
ticuthad read the first partof this section he would
see that his amendment is unnecessary. It says,
* "there shall be levied, collected, and paid annu-
ally upon the annual gains"—what a man gains
is over and above the expenses of his business or
estate; if he has a clerk, that comes out—" an-
nual gains, profits, 01- income of every person."
His " profits" are what he receives over and
above the expenses fairly chargeable to the busi-
ness he is carrying on. I thoughtit was perfectly
clear, but I have no objection to the amendment,
if it will not have the effect suggested by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. DIXON. There is 110 objection to ray
amendment except the exclusion of one thing
would be the admission of another, as the Senator
from Ohio has stated; but there is this difficulty,
it seems to me: suppose a man has a clear income
from property of §10,000 a year, and he is paying
interest to the amount of $1(1,000 a year, the ques-
tion is whether he has any income.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. DIXON. It seems to me there is a neces-
sity for a definite provision to make thateertain.
Mr. PESSENDEN. That matter was under
discussion by the Committee on Ways and Means
of the House,and theyexamined itvery minutely
and carefully, and came to the conclusion that tin:
only way to express the idea was by using the
language contained in the section. It covers the
whole thing; and certainly no doubt oil the sub-
ject suggested itself to any one in the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DIXON. It seems to me the thing ought
to be rendered peifectly clear and explicit, so that
there can be no shadow of doubt as to the mean-
ing of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is perfectly clear now.
Do you want to render it more so?
Mr. SIMMONS. Last summer, when wo agreed
oil an income tax, a select committee had the sub-
ject under consideration. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. CoLLAMEit] then had some doubtabout
taxes being excluded, and we put in a provision
that all State and national taxes paid on property
should be deducted in computing the income from
it. That was all that was deemed necessary; there
was no idea that it was necessary to say anything
about mortsages oil property.
Mr. DIXON. The principal object 1 had in
ottering the amendment was to get at the views of
the committee and of the Senate on the subject.
If there is any objection to it, such as is suggested
by the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Maine, I shall not press the amendment, it being
conceded that that is the meaning of the bill. I
only sVi.wit the bill to be dear on this subject, l
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator draws up
an amendment on that subject, I should like to
have him look further into it, and make it in a
few words, so that it will cover everything.
Mi. DIXON. I will do so.
Mr. IIARRIS. I hesitate very much to propose
any further amendments; they are received with
so much impatience by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr FESSENDEN. I do not know that I have
exhibited any. I do not think the Senator has a
vi'o-ht to charge me with exhibiting impatience,
because I oppose his views, unless he takes it for
granted that he must necessarily be right in all
things, and that everybody who has a different
opinion is impatient.
Mr. HARRIS. I think the amendments I have
proposed have been received with a great deal of
impatience; but conscious as I am of a desire to
perfect the bill, and make it as equitable and just
as I can, I shall not scruple to present such sug-
gestions as I think will tend to perfect it. The
amendment I am about to propose I am willing
to submit to the Senator himself. I propose to
strike out in the various provisions for licenses
the twenty-fourth item on page 73. It may be
said that it is a small matter. It is nofa matter
that relates to great capitalists or great operations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The words proposed to be stricken out will be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
24. Tallovv-chandleis and soap inakeis shall pay for each
license the sum of ten dollars. Any person whose busi-
ness it i* to make oi manufacture candles oi soap shall be
regarded a tallow-chandler and soap-maltei under this act.
Mr. HARRIS. As this bill came from the
House of Representatives, this provision which
I propose to strike out was unnecessary; it was
inoperative, because this class of manufacturers
wasembraced in the twenty-eighth article, on page
75, applying to all manufacturers; but that has
been stiicken out, and manufacturers generally
are no longer to be licensed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment pro-
posed by the committee was not adopted, so that
that clause is in the bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I understood that itufts stricken
out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance proposed to strike it out, but the Senate did
not agree to strike it out.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I still suppose this item
should be. stricken out, because it is embraced in
the twenty-eighth. I do not know why this par-
ticular class of manufacturers should be singled
out. If all manufacturei s are to take out a license,
I shall have no objection; but that was proposed
to be stiicken out, and I thought that proposition
was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I suppose it was put in
because there was some doubt as to whether they
came within the genera! designalion.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 do not object to their being
taxed if all the manufactuiersare; but they clearly
come within the twenty-eighth article; they are
manufacturers as much as anybody.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the amend-
ment withdrawn ?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir; I withdraw it. If all
manufacturers are to be licensed, 1 do not see
much objection to this. I move, however, to strike I
out the piovision in reference to the same dealers
oil page 93, in lines one hundred and ninety-eight
to two hundred and three, inclusive, m the follow-
ing words:
Oil soap, Castile, palm-oil, crasive, and soap of all othi'i
description*-, whiti* or eolored, except soft soap and soap
otherwise piovuled for, valued not above three and a half
cents pel pound, one mill per pound; valued above tluee
and a hall cents per pound, five nulls per pound.
In relation to the first clause, soap " valued
not above three and a half cents per pound," I
understand there is no such article in the market.
I inquire of the members of the Committee on
Finance if there is any such article. I apprehend
there is none.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think there is a soap man-
ufactured for fulling cloth worth about three and
a half cents per pound.
Mr. HARRIS. I am informed there is none;
and I have looked at the prices current, and find
none.
Mr. SIMMONS. It does not go away from
the mills.
Mr. HARRIS. My proposition amounts to
this: I desire that this manufacture shall be put
upon a footing with all others, and pay three per
cent. 1 do not know why soap, an article in com-
mon use, should pay ten per cent, tax when other
ai tides of manufacture pay only three. That is
the giound on which I make the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is one mill per pound ten
per cent.3 <fi in
Mr. HARRIS. It is five mills a pound on all
common soap in the market, which is ten percent.
Look at the prices current, and you will find it
quoted from five to six cents. The duty is ten
per cent, on that article which enters into common
use, the brown soap. It ought to be three per
cent.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I hope the proposition of
the Senator from New York will not be adopted.
—not that I know anything in particular about
the matter; I do not pretend to have examined •
into it, though I presume I have examined it just
as much as the Senator from New York has; but
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives examined all these things with
very great care; they made a great many inqui-
ries, had the different men before them, had the
statistics, made up their estimates, learned what
all these different articles would bear. In going
through the bill, the Committee on Finance were
disposed to defer to their judgment on all these
matters of detail, unless it was clearly shown to
be erroneous. I believe it will be safer to avoid
disputes with the other House on such questions,
in two or three instances, difficulties arose in re-
gard to some of these items in the committee; but
on inquiry of the Committee of Ways and Means,
we became entirely satisfied that they were right,
that they acted on proper principles and for suf-
ficient reasons. 1 hope, therefore, unless there can
be some different reason given for it, the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The question being put, it was declared that the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. " I ask for a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have not enough here
to divide.
Mr. HARRIS. That is one way of defeating
every proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can offer it again in '
the Senate, and have the yeas and nays on it if
you deem it important enough.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 72 I had the
nineteenth division of section sixty amended by
inserting certain words at Une one hundred and
ninety-three—the words " or billiard table, re-
spectively." It now reads, " every place or build-
ing where bowls are thrown or bilhards played,
and open to the public with or without price,
shall be regarded as a bowling alley or billiard
tabic, respectively." The last word, " table,"
should be " room."
The PRESIDING OFFICER That amend-
ment will be made without a vote, unless it be
objected to.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to suggest two or three
amendments which I think will be acceptable to
the chairman. Section five provides for the ap-
pointment by the collector of a deputyLine five
of that section provides for the revocation of the
powers of the deputy. That is bad phraseology.
I propose to strike out the words the powers
of any deputy of," and inseit lt any such ap-
pointment;" so as to read, " and also to revoke
any such appointment "
Mr. FESSENDEN. I willagree to that. There
are a great many corrections ot that sort neces-
sary that I should be obliged to the Senator if lie
would make.
Mr. HARRIS. Notwithstanding the sugges-
tion this morning, 1 have studied this bill very
thoroughly, and I wish I could be allowed to re-
write a good many of its sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to make another sug-
gestion in relation to the same section. It pro-
vides for the appointment of a deputy collector,
but the bill does not provide for the «islncting of
the collection districts by the collector, and yet
here you have a provision immediately following
this amendment, " giving public notice thereof in
that portion of the district assigned to such dep-
uty " Tile bill does not contemplate a division
o** the collection districts into districts for the pur-
noses of collection. It provides lor the division
of a district for the assessor, but not for the col-
lector There is a difficulty. My own )udgment
is that the whole tiling had better be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is necessary that it
should be retained. Another amendment was up
(he other day, and it was opposed because it was
suppose  i j- •
necessarily contemplated adivision of the districts,
i if the Senator weuld propose to amend it byspe-
! cificully providing thateach districtmay be divided
I into sub-districts, which can be done in a few
d that section covered the case, that it
