1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Gong....2d Sess.
Eeport of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
DEAD LETTERS.
The whole number of ordinary dead letters re-
ceived and examined during the year was about
2,550,000.
The number of these letters containing money
which were registered and sent out during the year
ending June 30, 1861, was 10,580.
The numbercontainirigdeeds,billsof exchange,
drafts, and other articles of value, was 10,235.
For details see tables (Nos. 7 and 8) hereto ap-
pended.
There have been received and examined 125,000
letters which could not be forwarded to their des-
tination, bccause of unpaid postage or carriers'
fees, or because misdirected, &c. Of these there
were sent out 53,934.
From the 1st of June to the 1st of November
there were received at the dead letter office, in
consequence of the suspension of the postal com-
munication, 76,7G9 letters, originating in loyal
States, and addressed to residents of disloyal
States. Of this number, there were returned to
the writers 26,711.
During the same period 34,792 foreign letters,
destined for that section, were returned as * 'dead,"
and 2,246 of them were delivered in the loyal States
to authorized agents of the parties addressed, mak-
ing the whole number sent out 103,880, which is
considerably more than three times the quantity
sent out during the previous year, when the num-
ber was unusually large.
In addition to the above, about 40,000 letters
from disloyal States, addressed to parties m the
loyal States, were sent to the dead letter office
after the suspension of the postal service, a large
proportion of which were forwarded to their des-
tination. The last three classes arc not embraced
in the above enumeration of ordinary dead letters.
FOREIGN LETTERS.
The number of dead letters returned unopened
to foreign countries during the fiscal year was
111,147, divided as follows:
Returned to England 58,069
Returned to France  10,0£8
Returned to Prussia 11,.">84
Returned to Hambuig  9,813
Returned to Birmen  3,302
Returned to Belgium  J13
Returned to Canada 22,337
Returned to Nova Scotia  1,125
Returned to New Riunsvvick  l5.">33
Returned to Punce Edward's Island  163
Total 111,117
Which added to the number of domestic letters
(103,886) sent out as above, gives the whole num-
ber sent out from the dead letter office for the year
215,033.
During the same period the sum of $53,565 90
in money, and bills of exchange, drafts, checks,
and negotiable notes to the amount of §2,436,546,
found in dead letters, were returned to the owners
or writers thereof.
In consequence of the great accumulation, after
the suspension of mail scrvice, of letters origin-
ating m or addressed to the disloyal States, the
attention of the clerical force of the dead letter
office was necessarily diverted from its accustomed
duties, hence the causes of the non-delivery of
valuable letters were not ascertained to so great
an extent as was intended, oras could be wished.
The result of successful investigation in 7,560
cases, however, confirms the past experience of
the Department that the failure of a letter to reach
its destination is, in the vast majority of instances,
the fault alone of the writer or sender. Out of
the above 7,560 valuable dead letters, 3,095 were
directed to the wrong office; 467 were imperfectly
addressed; 612 were directed to transient persons;
257 to parties who had changed their residences;
821 were addressed to fictitious persons or firms;
83 were uncalled for; 10 without any directions;
2,136 were not mailed for want of postage stamps;
79 were missent;and for the failure of postmasters
to deliver 133 no satisfactory reason was assigned.
The Department, therefore, can justly be held
responsible for the non-delivery of but 212 of these
letters.
In the examination of 110,457 letters not mailed
for want of postage or carriers' fees, or because
misdirected, &c., (of which number 60,231 were
contributed by the offices at the twenty-four largest
cities in the country,) it was found that 82,582
were detained for non-payment of postage, 6,119
for want of carrier's fee, 5,947 were misdirected,
and 366 were destitute of address or direction.
Of the above letters 1,339 contained money,
amounting to $7,372 50, and 1,353checks, drafts,
or negotiable paper, the value of which was
$259,716 59. Letters of the last class were gen-
erally from mercantile firms or from bankers, by
whom they were carelessly mailed either without
the proper address or without a postage stamp.
It is worthy of remark that out of 76,769 let-
ters, before alluded to, originating in the loyal
States, and addressed to residents of disloyal
States, 40,000 could not be returned, either be-
cause the signature of the writer was incomplete,
or because the letter contained no clue to his res-
idence. The experience of the Department shows
that a large proportion of domestic letters written
by educated persons,and particularly by women,
are deficient in one or both of these respects.
The sixth section of the act approved Febru-
ary 27, 18G1, authorizes the application of the un-
claimed money from dead letters to promote the
efficiency of the dead letter office, by providing
for a more careful examination of letters, and the
return of a larger number to the writers, with or
without valuable inclosurcs.
By virtue of the authority thus granted, from
the 30th of April to the 10th of October the aver-
age number of clerks employed per month was
nine, and the average compensation paid each
per month was §68 52^, which, together with in-
cidental expenses,($2138,) amounted to§4,544 11,
leaving a balance to the credit of the dead letter
fund, on the 31st of October, of §755 89.
As stated above, the suspension of postal com-
munication with the disloyal States produced
an unprecedented accumulation of dead letters,
which rendered the employment of these clerks
in the examination, registration, and delivery of
such letters an absolute necessity. It is, how-
ever, the earnest desire of the Department that
the dead letter fund should be exclusively de-
voted to increasing the number of ordinary dead
letters returned to the writers, and to insuring
the utmost promptness in their delivery.
Notwithstanding the manifest advantages of
the law of February 2,1861, requiring more fre-
quent returns of dead letters to the Department,
the majority of the postmasters, particularly those
at the smaller offices, fail to comply with the ne-
cessary regulations under that law, although duly
notified thereof. In order to carry out the salu-
tary reform contemplated by Congress, every
postmaster who is delinquent in this respect is
reminded of what the law requires, and his imme-
diate compliance therewith requested. This cor-
respondence, and the consequent return of a larger
amonnt of letters to the owners, involves much
additional labor, tending to increase the efficiency
of the dead letter office.
According to the experience of the last year, it
would appear that the proportion of the dead let-
ters sent out which would be received by the writ-
ers is much larger than was foimeily estimated
by this Department. Out of 53,934 dead letters
held for postage, misdirected,&c., which, though
not containing valuable inclosures, were sent out
fordelivery, but 4,466, less than one twelfth, were
not delivered, because refused, or for other causes,
and were again returned to the dead letter office.
It is true that with dead letters of all kinds the
proportion returned a second time to the Depart-
ment would be somewhat larger; but if it were
increased to one fourth of all dead letters sent out,
the return to the writers of all such correspond-
ence susceptible of restoration would involve no
additional expense to the Department, while it
would be generally gratifying and often extremely
useful to the public. About 2,500,000 dead letters
are annually received; and excluding letters with-
out the signature or address of the writers, and
those containing circulars and manifestly worth-
less matter, it is estimated tli.it 1,500,000 could be
returned to the post office of the writer. If one
fourth of these were refused or uncalled for, the
Department, under existing law, would receive
from postages on the remaining 1,125,000 the sun.
of $33,750.
The number of clerks required to examine and
send oat 1,500,000ietters wouldnotexceed twenty-
five, and their compensation, at $800 per annum,
which is deemed sufficient for the nature of the
service to be performed, would amount to $20,000,
leavinganetrcvenuc to the Departmentof $13,750.
In view of the encouraging results already at-
tained, by the partial use of the unclaimed dead
letter money for this purpose, I would respect-
fully recommend that authority be grantea by
Congress to employ the proposed clerks,and that
$20,000 be appropriated therefor, in addition to the
ordinary appropriation for officers and clerks in
this Department.
I would also suggest that valuable dead letters,
when returned to their owners, should be charged
with treble the ordinary rate of postage, compris-
ing one rate for return transportation to the dead
letter office, one rate for registration there, and
one rate for return transportation to the writers
or owners. It has already been shown that the
failure of such letters to reach their destination
is rarely attributable to the Department, while in
their restoration much time and labor are ex-
pended, for which the ordinary letter postage is
scarcely a sufficient recompense.
For the same reasons unregistered letters thus
returned might be charged with double rates.
PREPAYMENT OF POSTAGE.
My predecessor called attention to the fact that
large numbers of unpaid letters continued to be
posted, notwithstanding the act of March 3,1855,
making prepayment compulsory, and stated that
the practice of notifying the parties addressed that
such letters would be forwarded on receipt of post-
age, had been abandoned, bccause it appeared,
after trial of more than five years, that the evil
continued unabated, showing a determination on
the part of many correspondents using the mails
to evade the postal laws. By immediately send-
ing this class of letters to the dead letter office, it
was expected that a proper compliance with the
law would be enforced; but so far from this being
the case, the number, after one year's trial, ex-
ceeds ten thousand each month, and the attention
they require imposes considerable additional labor
and expense on this Department.
The practical resultof thisdecision of my prede-
cessor is so different from what was anticipated,
that 1 have been induced to revive the former reg-
ulation, requiring postmasters to notify persons
to whom unpaid letteis are directed that they will
be forwarded on receipt of the postage inclosed
in a paid letter to the postmaster. Thus the num-
ber returned to the dead letter office will be re-
duced at least two thiids.
The detailed statement of the expenditures,
under the head of miscellaneous payments, re-
quired by the act approved June 15,1860, will be
found appended to this report, as furnished by the
Auditor's office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
.Appropriations for Cahjornia Overland Mail.
1 have in a previous part of this report alluded
to the refusal at the Treasury to pay the appro-
priation for the oveiland mail service to Cali-
fornia. It seems to me so evidently to have been
the purpose of Congress to require the payment
of the amount stipulated from the Treasury, under
the ninth and eleventh sections of the act, that I
again call the attention of Congress to the subject
for such further legislation as may be required.
It certainly cannot be supposed that a contract of
that magnitude could be required by postal inter-
ests alone. The general interests of the country
required it, and the compensation should there-
fore be made by a general appropuation from the
Treasury, as this Department presumes to have
been the intention of the law.
Post Office Building at New York.
Owing to the extraordinary demands upon the
Treasury for the maintenance of the higher inter-
ests of the country, I have not deemed it prudent
to proceed, at present, with the erection of a new
building for the New York post office.
The balance of the appropriation heretofore
made for that purpose, after paying for the site
purchased, remains therefore unexpended.
Post Office Building at Philadelphia.
In view of the pressing need of improvements
in the post office accommodations at Philadelphia,
and in connection with the structure designed for
