1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not be germane to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
The question was taken on Mr. Wickliffe's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend, in
the one hundred and sixty-fifth line, by inserting,
after the word " of," the words " record, either;"
so that the paragraphs will read;
Legal Documents.—Appeal from the decree of any court
to a higher or appellate court, fifty cents.
Writ, summons, or other onginal process commenced in
any court of record, either law or equity, fifty cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to infkrt, after the
word "decree," in the one hundred and sixty-
third line, the words " or judgment, or final or-
der." The word "decree" has a well defined
legal signification, and it does not include judg-
ments or final orders.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to add, at the end
of the proviso, the following:
Or any civil cause commenced in the name and for the
use ol the United States or of any State.
Mr. BIDDLE. I oppose the amendment merely
for the puipose of inquiring of the mover whether
it is not almost equivalent to stuking out lines
one hundred and sixty-four and one hundred and
sixty-five. Almost all processes will be found to
issue in the name of the United States or some
State.
Mr. HARRISON. The amendment applies to
causes commenced in the name and for the use of
the United States or of any State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, DUNLAP. I move to insert after the word
"equity," in the one hundred and sixty-fifth line
and before the proviso, the words " where the
amount in controversy is $100 or upwards."
Mr. STRATTON. I think the pi oviso offered
by the Committee of Ways and Means meets that
case. It exempts all suits which are commenced
before justices of the pcacc or magistrates having
civil jurisdiction from the payment of this tax.
In my own State their jurisdiction extends to §100,
and that I think is pretty generally the extent of
their jurisdiction all over the country.
Mr. DUNLAP. In my State the jurisdiction
of a justice of the peace does not extend beyond
fifty dollars. I do not think this tax should be
imposed in cases where the amount involved is less
than #100. It should extend only to eases where
the amount in controversy is $100 or upwards.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment, by reducing the amount from
$100 to twenty-five dollars. I do this for the pur-
pose of suggesting the inequality that exists as
the section now stands. If there is to be no duty
imposed on suits commenced before justices of
the peace, it will operate very unequally in difiei-
ent States; for in some States the jurisdiction of
justices of the peace extends to the amount of
$100. It is so in Vermont. In my State it is only
twenty dollars.
Mr. RIDDLE. In Ohio the jurisdiction of jus-
tices of the peace extends to §300.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. It will be, there-
fore, very unequal in different States. I think that
the amount exempted should be definitely fixed;
and I hope this proposition will meet with the
acquiescence of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mi. MORRILL, of Vermont. Justices of the
peace may have very different jurisdictions: but
it will be seen that in all cases of appeal from de-
crees of justices of the peace there is another duty
levied. It will, therefore, perhaps, be as regular
in its present shape as in any other. If a suit is j
of sufficient importance to be carried up to a higher :
court, it will be important enough to have a tax |
paid on it. i
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. It is not that of
which we are speaking. It is in refeiencu to wnts
at the commencement of suits. My remarks did
not apply to appeals, but to the commencement ,
of suits. Why should persons in Maine have to
pay fifty cents for commencing a suit where only
twenty dollars is involved, and persons in other ■
States pay no more where $300 is involved? ;
Mr. HORTON. They are exempt from tax j
in all cases wheie the process is before a magis- j
trato. j
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. That will exempt !
a controversy in Ohio relating to $300, and only
exempt a twenty-dollar controversy in Maine.
Mr. HORTON. That is very easily remedied
by an alteration of the law of Maine, and making
it as wise as that of Ohio.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. It can be easily
remedied now by fixing the amount exempted at
a certain sum in dollars and cents, and not put us
in Maine to the trouble of calling the Legislature
together for such a small matter.
Mr. Walton's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. Dunlap's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
by inserting after the word " court" in the one
hundred and sixty-third line, the words "of
record;" so that it will read, "appeal from the
decree, judgment, or final order of any court of
record to a higher or appellate court, fifty cents."
My object is thatappeats from justices of the peace
shall not be subject to stamp duty.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Tiie paragraph has been
amended, I believe, so as to insert the words
"judgment or final order" after the word " de-
cree."
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I think it ought to stand
as it is. If a man desires, after judgment has been
given against him before a magistrate, to have any
further amusement m the way of litigation, he
must pay for it. I know a man in my county
whose wife would not let him go into town as
often as he wished, for he used to get drunk. So
he determined to have a suit brought for a horse-
collar, that he might have an excuse for going
into town every third or fourth week, but really
that he might get away from his wife and get
drunk.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In our State, ap-
peals are not allowed to run down to so low a
standard as they do m Pennsylvania. They must
be for something more than the price of a horse-
collar.
Mr. Siiellabarger's amendment was rejected.
Mr. DUNLAP. I move to amend by adding
to the exceptions made on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Hoiiton] the words "or
quarterly courts."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word " court" in the one hun-
dred and sixty-thiid line, the words "error, cer-
tiorari, and injunction bonds, and all other bonds
required or used in instituting or conducting suits
or ptocecdings in any court of record." It seems
to me, Mr. Chairman, that the Committee of Ways
and Means has omitted a very important class of
documents used in judicial proceedings, and I
move this amendment for the purpose of calling
the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means to it. My amendment embraces a class
of bonds which are of great practical importance
and of very common use. Some of them are
specifically named in the amendment proposed,
and the others will be understood by every lawyer;
such, for instance, as bonds given m attachments,
trustee's process, &c. I can see no good reason
why bonds of this class should not be subject to
duty as much as bonds ordinarily given in cases
of appeal. I move the amendment partly for the
purpose of calling the attention of the Committee
of Ways and Means to this class of bonds which
are, it seems to me, proper subjects of duty.
Mr. STEVENS. That would be multiplying
taxes very much m a suit, if every paper filed in
it had to pay a duty of fifty cents. The object of
the Committee of Ways and Means was that ap-
peals from decrees should pay fifty cents tax, and
that that tax should embrace all the buckram and
papers in tiie matter.
Mr. Worcester's amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. I move to amend
by stiikmg out the word " summons," in the one
hundred and sixty-fourth line, and to insert after
the word process " the words " by which any
suit is;" so that it will read, " writ, or other ori-
ginal process by which any suit is commenced in
any court of law or equity, fifty cents." I move
to strike out the word " summons " for the same
reason that the word " subpena " was struck out
on the motion of the chairman of the Committor
of Ways and Means. In our State the summons
is a part of the onginal writ. We have writs of
original summons; but the word "summons"
alone is a part of one of oar writs. It is the por-
tion left with the defendant. If the section stands
as it does now, it will be open to doubt Whether
or not that is to have a fifty cent stamp dr riot.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see any particular
objection to the amendment. It only K&ves the
matter exactly where it is now. ' •'
The amendment was adopted. *
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the para-
graph in relation to medicines, by striking but the
following:
Medicines, for and upon every packet, box, bottle, pot>
vial, or other inclosure, containing any drug*, herbs, pills,
powders, tinctures, potions, cordials, bitteis, anodynes,
ionics, platers, liniments, salves, ointments, drops, waters,
essences, spirits, oils, or other preparation or composition
whatsoever, used or applied, or to he used or applied, ex-
ternally or internally, as medicines or medicaments, for the
piovcntion, cute, or relief of any divider oi complaint in-
cident toor in anywise affecting the humnrt or animal body,
which shall l>e uttered oi sold in the United States.
And inserting in lieu thereof as follows:
Medicines or preparations.—For and upon every packet,
box, bottie, pot, vial, oi othei inclosure containing any
pills, powders, tinctures, troches, or lozenges, sirups, cor
dials', bitters, anodynes, tonics, plasters, liniments, salves,
ointment??, pastes, drops, waters, essences, spirits, oils, or
other pieparations or compositions whatsoever, u19.de and
sold, or removed for consumption and sale, by any person
or persons whatever, wherein the peison makingor pre-
paring the same has, or claims to have, any private formula
or occult secret or ait for the making or pieparing the same,
or has, or claims to have, any exclusive rigut or title to the
making or propaung the same, or which are prepared, let-
tered, vended, or exposed for sale under any letterfe pateat,
or held out or recommended to the public by the makers,
venders, or proprietor thereof as proprietary m®dicines,<ir
as remedies oi specifics for any disease, diseases, or affec-
tions whatever, affecting the human animal or bodyj as
follows:
So that it will read:
For and upon every packet, box, See., where such packet,
box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure, with its contents,
shall not excccd, at the. retail price or value, the sum of
twenty-live cents, three cents; where such packet, box,
bottle, pot. vial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall
exceed the retail puce or value of twenty-five cents, and
not exceed the retail puce or value Of fifty cents, fiveccnts 5
where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclo-
sure, with its contents, shall cxceed the retail puce or value
of fifty cent^, and shall not exceed the retail piioc or value
of one dollar, ten ccnN; where such packet, box, bottle,
pot, vial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall ex-
ceed the retail price or value of one dollar, for each and.
every fifty cents, 01 fractional part thereof, over and above
one doll.u, as before mentioned, an additional five cents.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to reduce the tax pre-
scribed in the paragraph from three cents to one
cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out the word
" five" and insert " two," in the following para-
graph:
Whore such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other in-
closure, with its contents, shall cxceed the retail price or
value of twenty-five cents, and not exceed the retail price
or value of fifty cents, five cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out the words
"one dollar" and insert "seventy-five cents;"
and to strike out " ten cents" and insert " three
cents," in the following paragraph:
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other in-
cly-uie, with its contents', shall exceed the retail piice or
value of fifty cent*, and shall not exceed the retail price or
value of one dollar, ten cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out the following paragraph:
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other in-
closure, with its contents, shall cxceed the retail price or
value of one dollar, ioi each and every fifty cent?, or Pac-
tional pait thereof, over and above one dollar, as before
mentioned, an additional five cents.
And inserting in lieu thereof as follows:
When such packet, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure,
with its contents, shall cxceed the retail price or value of
seventy-five cents, and shall not exceed the retail puce or
value of one dollar, four cents. When such packet, box,
bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure, with its content*, shall
exceed the retail price or value ol one dollar, foi each and
every fifty cents or fractional part theieof over and above
one dollai, as above mentioned, an additional two cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUELL. I move to add at the end of
what has just been adopted, as follows:
Prodded, That pioprictary medicines, wherein large
quantities of alcohol are necessatilyused in extracting me-
dicinal properties and for its pi curving qualifies, be subjcct
oniv to a >t;unp 0! one quartei of a cent on medicines re-
tailing at twenty-five cents, half a cent on those retailing at
fifty cents, and one cent on those retailing at one dollar.
