10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[December 2;
31x11 Cons....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
both post office and United States court-rooms,
the commission invited plans and proposals for
adapting to these uses the building which has
been already purchased. This has resulted in the
offer of a plan which appears to me satisfactory;
and which, in my judgment, will answer the pur-
poses proposed for many years to come, and will
also meet the demands of good taste and conven-
ience, at a cost not exceeding $30,000, for which
the existing appropriation is sufficient. The ques-
tion of its acceptance is now pending before my
associates, as provided by law of the last Congress.
Boston Post Office.
I have made arrangements by which the post
office in the city of Boston has been restored to its
former site, on State street, without additional
expense to the Department. It was done the more
cheerfully because it enabled me to signify my
reprobation of the conduct of a public officer using
the infiucncc of his official position to promote his
private ends, in disregard of (ho public interest.
This: order, it is also believed, was in accordance
with the wishes of a decided majority of the busi-
ness interests affected by Jt. In connection there-
with, I was able to terminate the claim on the fund
of $12,600, formerly deposited by certain parties,
for the return of which, after deduction of the ex-
penses of one removal each way, Congress passed
an act approved March 2, 1861. The sum of
$9)584 84 was required to cover the double rent
accrued during the period when the first removal
was suspended. In my judgment, this was to be
deducted, as it was expressly understood itshould
be at the time of the contract of indemnity. The
settlement was effected on this basis, and the sum
of $3,015 16 was returned under that provision of
law, and the account closed.
Proposed Amendments of the Law.
By the act of Congress, approved July 2,1836,
(5 8tat., p. 84, see. 33,) it is provided that the
appointment of postmasters at offices where the
commissions allowed to postmasters amounted to
§1,000 or upwards in any one year, terminating
on the 30th day of June, should be made by the
President, with the advice and consent of the
♦Senate, In several cases offices which have once
earned that amount in one year have subsequent-
ly fallen below it, and become permanently re-
duced in value. Doubts have existed whether,
by the letter of the law referred to, the appoint-
ment nevertheless did not continue to be presi-
dential. It is recommended that this doubt be
removed by an amendment (o the law providing
that (he appointment shall eease (o be presidential
whenever sue 11 commissions shall have been ascei-
mined to he less than the sum of$J ,000 for the fiscal
year next preceding an appointment.
The Postmasters'' Franking Privilege.
The franking privilege is, in this country,
greatly extended. In the United Kingdom, the
only othur country in which very low rates of
inland postage prevail, it appears to be limited to
addresses and petitions to the Q,ueen, and peti-
tions to either House of Parliament. All other
mailable matter is chargeable with postage; hence,
in part, the success there of the low postage system
in point of revenue.
In thi.scountry, however, it is extended to cover
a large class of postmasters, probably the majority.
Ijy (he fust section of the act approved March
2, lfc>47, eaih depuly postmastei, whoso compen-
sation for the last preceding year did not exceed
$200, may send through the mails all letters written
by himself, and receive all addressed to himself,
on ins private business, free of postage, the weight
not exceeding a half ounce.
This privilege is greatly abused, and ought to
be revoked. If other compensation is due to a
postmaster beyond his commissions, it should be
in (be discietion of the Postmaster General, not
exceeding per cent, additional to that now
allowed, that it may go to the intelligent and faith-
ful, not to the shrewd and unscrupulous, as it
chiefly does under the existing law. Privileges
resting in the conscience of the recipient, as to
their extent, are dangerous.
I recommend the repeal of this clause,conferring
the franking privilege on postmasters whose com-
missions do not cxceed $200; only letters certified
to be on post office business shall be allowed to
be sent or received by postmasters free of post-
age, and this enforced by proper penalties.
Collection of Postage on Printed Matter.
Great losses to the postal revenue arise from
the neglect of postmasters to collect the postage,
as required by law, on printed matter, both tran-
sient and periodical, sent through the mails. It
is known to have been left in arrear for years.
The rates on transient printed matter, and on
that sent to regular subscribers, are different, be-
ing higher on the former.
The evil, it is believed, will be greatly reme-
died by an enactment providing that each copy of
printed matter upon which the postage for at least
one quarter shall not have been prepaid, either at
the office of mailing or of delivery, shall be rated
as transient matter, and the postage thereon col-
lected on the delivery of each copy.
Power should also be given to the Department
to fine, at the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, not exceeding the sum of five dollars for each
offense, any postmaster who shall deliver, with-
out payment of postage as required by law, any
printed matter arriving through the mails at the
office of delivery, and to charge the same in his
account, to be deducted from his commissions.
It is believed that by these two provisions a large
amount of revenue, now lost, will be saved to the
Department.
Naval Letters.
It is suggested for the consideration of Congress
whether the privilege, by the act of the late ses-
sion, conferred upon soldiers, to send letters with-
out prepayment of postage, should not bo extended
to sailors and marines in the actual service of the
United States, under such regulations as the De-
partment shall provide.
Mail-Carrier's Fee.
By the act approved March 3, 1825, (section
twenty,) it is provided that a mail-carrier shall
receive and deliver for mailing at the next officc
any letter delivered to him for that purpose more
than a mile from such office. He is entitled for
such carriage to demand and receive one cent
from the postmaster for this service. Under the
prepayment system now adopted, this provision
should be amended so as to allow him to demand
this fee of the writer, in money, and of the post-
master only when the letter shall bear a prepaid
stamp for one cent additional to the postage.
Newspapers.
By the existing law, (section sixteen of act
approved March 3, 1845,) "newspapers" arc
declared to embrace printed matter issued by num-
bers, and published monthly, and are entitled to
the same privilege of free exchanges and low
rates of postage as daily and weekly newspapers
enjoy. It is ascertained that this classification is
abused by the publication of monthly issues of
printed matter chiefly designed as an advertising
circular, or to procure free exchanges for the pro-
prietor, and they are often sent gratuitously.
I recommend that the definition ofa newspaper,
as given by that act, be amended by substituting
the words, published at short stated intervals of not
more than one toeck, for the words, "published at
short stated intervals of not more than one month."
Also, that the privilege of free exchange of pub-
lications be limited to newspapers as thus defined,
and literary, educational, or religious periodicals,
published not less frequently than once a month.
It is found that considerable frauds arc perpe-
trated upon the revenues of the Department by
publishers of newspapers, who include, mingled
with the packages sent to their regular subscribers,
j numbers of their issues which are not sent to
I their regular subscribers, and which are therefore
| subject to postage as transient matter.
To renvdy this evil, I recommend that discre-
tion be given to the head of this Department to
exclude, temporarily, f^om the mails any news-
paper or periodical whose proprietors or agents
shall send any of their issues without prepayment
of postage to other than bona fide subscribers; or,
; otherwise, that an express penalty be imposed for
such an act.
Congressional Post Routes.
It is frequently found expedient, in connection
with the progress of railroad communications or
changes of principal transportation routes, to
change the termini of congressional mail routes
intersecting them.
I suggest, for the consideration of Congrpss, the
propriety of expressly authorizing this Depart-
ment to change the termini and lines of congres-
sional mail routes, intersecting principal routes on
which the mails are carried daily, whenever the
postal service can be thereby improved.
Additional Mailable Matter.
The twelfth section of the act of 1861 declares
sundry additions to matter which may be sent
through the mails. Various applications have
been made to include other like matter, not ex-
pressly named therein, as mailable matter.
It is suggested whether it would not be expedi-
ent to invest the Department with the discretion
to allow such other matter to be transmitted
through the mails, at corresponding rates of post-
age, as the Postmaster General shall by order
designate and allow. The public convenience and
the revenues of the Department would derive
benefit from such discretionary power.
Carrier's Fee.
I renew the recommendation of my predecessor,
that power be given to the Department to regulate
the carrier's fee, not exceeding the amount of two
cents for the delivery of each letter. It cannot be
sustained in some of the cities and districts with-
out an increased rate. So long as it is discretion-
ary with the party addressed to employ the service
of the carrier or not, no just reason is perceived
why the former discretion should not be given for
the purpose of facilitating so important a branch
of the postal service.
Branch Offices.
Requests have been made from several citiesfor
the establishment of branch offices for the receipt
and delivery of letters auxiliary to the city post
officc. I have been unwilling to establish them
without some provision being made to meet the
additional expense, for which the same fee al-
lowed to carriers, one cent, would be sufficient.
By the law authorizing their establishment (1847,
chap. 63, sec. 10,) no charge is permitted for this
additional service. I respectfully suggest, for
the consideration of Congress, the propriety of
amending that law and of granting this authority;
and also of investing this Department with the
authority to erect in any city box-pillars for the
receipt of letters to be mailed, to be thence col-
lected by carriers, for which the fee of one cent
each letter shall be prepaid by stamps.
Codification of Postal Laics.
A revised code of the postal laws, bringing
together in proper arrangement the various stat-
utes now gathered only by the examination of the
legislation of many years, would greatly facilitate
the performance of their duties by the numerous
officers and agents attached to this Department.
This subject is respectfully commended to the at-
tention of Congress.
Railroad Service.
In the lastannualreportof my predecessor men-
tion is made of the refusal or neglect of a large
number of railroad companies engaged in the con-
veyance of mails to execute the contracts required
by law of all contractors for the performance of
their duties. This abuse continues. When a rail-
road is constructed through a district of country,
competition in the conveyance of passengers,
mails, and merchandise, ceases on the route. De-
mand is immediately made for the mails, and with-
out reference to the importance of the offices to be
supplied, at a compensation much above that pre-
viously paid for coach nnd horse service. In-
creased speed is the only advantage which the
service gains, although with respect to private
business this is invariably accompanied with a
great reduction of cost. The subject demands
attention from Congress, and that measures be
adopted to enable the Government to contract on
fair terms with these companies. The existing
rates of compensation are, in my judgment, too
high, and oven at such rates the Government is at
the mercy of the companies. The Government
has the power to compel them to carry the mails
at fair rates, as it has the right to the use of all
private property necessary for its purposes, upon
