1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
what makes it necessary? Nothing in the past
shows it to be necessary, and I venture to say
nothing can be predicted as to the future which
can show it to be necessary.
I confess I am appalled at the stretch of power
which it includes. I would not stop the Govern-
ment a moment in such proceedings in the rebel-
lious States. There by military authority, I think,
they may properly take possession of and work
any road which they can control by their arms
without any authority from Congress. It must
be so in the nature of things. They do so in re-
gard to all other private property; and I do not
see, where the war is waged, that they may not
do so in regaid to laihoads.
But further, sir—it may be a minor objection with
some, but it is a great objection in my opinion—you
authorize them to place under military control all
the officers, agents, and employes belonging to the
telegraphs and railroads thus taken possession of
by the Govern men t, so that theyshall be considered
a part of the military forces of the United States,
subject to all the liabilities imposed by the rules
and articles of war. Where do you'get the au-
thority to make these civil employes of these rail-
roads subject to the lules and articles of warJ
They are only military men who arc subject to
them. These persons have not made themselves
subject to them by enlisting in the military service
oftheUnitedStates,orby volunteering into its ser-
vice, or by being drafted into the militia; and yet
you take these pure civilians, the whole business
of whose lives is railroad transportation for pas-
sengers and freight, and make them subjects of
military law. I think you have no more power
to do it, sir, than you have to "pluck bright
honor from the pale-faced moon." If the bill can
be amended so as to make it apply within the
limits of the seceded States, I have no sort of ob-
jection to it; but if it is not, I would as soon have
my head cut off as to vote for it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, this bill confers
no additional power upon the Government, as I
understand it, beyond what they possess now. It
attempts to legulate the power that they undoubt-
edly have; for they may seize upon private prop-
ertyanywhere,und subject it to the public use by
virtue of the Constitution. This bill certainly goes
no further than that. It undertakes, however, to
regulate the exercise of a power that the Govern-
ment undoubtedly has. 1 hoid that every power
that the Government may rightfully exercise in
time of war may be legulated and restricted by
Congress if we see fit to do it. Who will pretend,
sir, even without this bill, that the Government
may not seize upon any railroad that they see fit
to take anywhere in the counti y for the tianspor-
taltou of their tioops ? We believe, however, that
it is better to have the power under the regulation
of law, so that there may be no dispute about the
extent of their poweis; and also that the compen-
sation for damages that they shall receive, and all
these things, shall be known beforehand, and not
leave it to the arbitrary exercise of the executive
branch of the Government, without restraint or
restriction. Then the idea that we have conferred
a dangerous power on the Executive falls to the
ground. We have conferred no power upon him,
as I understand it.
Notwithstanding the sweeping character of the
bill, including, as it does, ail the railroads and tel-
egraphs in the country, I do not suppose that in
many loyal portions of the country there is any
necessity foi it. I do not suppose that the power
granted will ever be called into exercise m many
loyal parts of the country; but, m my judgment,
it would have been invidious if we had singled out
certain roads and subjected them by name to this
power. I do not tlunk that would have been light.
I think it is better to put them all upon the same
principle, and the Government will never interfere
with those that will come forward voluntarily and
perform tht.-ir duties.
Now, as to the amendment to the amendment:
that, as 1 view it, does not at all relieve us from
any constitutional objection to that section of the
bill, if, in fact, there be any. It seems to me that
the amendment to the amendment is veiy loose for
a penal law at least, it provides that the section
shall operate where it shall be adjudged thattheie
is a state of war. Now, sir, I heidly understand
the term, and much less when: it will have appli-
cation. I suppose the seat of war is wherever war
is carried on. It is a very loose term in a penal
statute, and it does not relieve us from any diffi-
culty, either real or fancied, that we shall labor
under by the passage of this section of the bill.
My friends would confine the sweep of the bill to
States that are declared by the President to be
m a state of insurrection. That cannot alter it.
Many portions of those States are as loyal as
States that are not so declared, while other por-
tions of the same States aie in violent rebellion.
I hoid that the application of this penal law is as
' justly, nay moie justly applicable to those rascals
who would interfere with the movements of your
troops in the States where rebellion is not ram-
pant, than in Stales wheie it is. If I could I
would hang them twice over for such conduct in
the States that have not seceded. I claim no im-
munity for those that commit such offenses he-
cause they happen to belong to a State that has
not seceded from the Union. In many instances
there is some excuse for those living in States
where vast majorities of the people have gone over
into rebellion and coerced others who did not like
to go with them; but no shadow of excuse can be
lound for a man in a free State who will commit
the offense at which the second section of this bill
aims its anathemas. So far from relieving them,
if it were possible, I would subject them to still
greater penalties.
Jt is said, however, that we propose to confer a
dangerous power. Sir, is it not a power that is
exercised every day by your armies? Where is
your Army fighting this rebellion that will not shoot
down bridge burners wherever they are caught?
Is there any complaint in the country that your
generals do it, and do it without the authoiity of
law? Is it dangerous, then, for us to clothe them
with the authority of law to do it under? Sir, it
seems to bo understood here that if the Legisla-
ture interferes and regulates any power by law, it
thereby makes it a dangerous power. The idea
itself is dangerous. We should try to prevent
anarchy, to subject everything to law and to rule,
and not forget that a free people must always be
under the control ol law, and not under the arbi-
trary dictation of anybody. I hold that it is bet-
ter, infinitely safer everywhere that we can doit,
to regulate the vast powers that the Executive has
in time of war, and to subject them to the operation
of general, well-regulated, and adjusted laws of
Congress. There is no danger in this. It is only
regulating a power that is now exercised daily
without complaint. It is better that it should be
done under law than without law.
As I said before, I do not think any constitu-.
tional objection can be interposed to the punish-
ment of those who arc actually resisting the Gov-
ernment of the United States. If they are bridge
burners lesisting the power of your Government
as it goes forth to war with traitors, they abet the
cause of treason; they give aid and comfort to the
enemy, and become pi incipal traitors themselves;
and yet you are so tender of them that if they arc
taken m the act of flagrant violation of their duty
and loyalty to the Government, added to the other
crimes they commit, you are fearful of subjecting
them to punishment. The nature of the case
.shows that, in ninety-nine instances out of a bun-
dled, you cannot punish them, nor reach them at
all by the oidinary civil tiibunal. Nobody at-
tempts it. Yourgenerals haul them up when they
are taken in the act, and shoot them on the spot,
and we all agree that they serve them right. This
bill undertakes to say that they shall do the same
thing. Then where is the danger of it? Iam very
< welfawaie that it would not only destroy this bill,
! but the efficiency of your Army, if we should
1 make the penally less than n is as now exercised
by yourgenerals in the field. We ought not to
] make it any less. As they promptly punish these
i offenses with death, we should not undertake to
regulate the matter and mulce the penalty less,
ami go on and commit them to the civil tribunals
where perfect impunity, mnttv-nino times in a
hundred, awaits their action. That will not do.
Your bill had better be lost than that you should
lessen the prompt action of youi Government in
j punishing these scoundrels.
i Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I agiec almost
; entirely with the honoiable Senator i'iom Ohio,
I both in his principles and ins sentiments, m re-
| lation to tins wtu\ I agree with him and with
other Senators who have spoken on this bill, that
the President ought to have, by law, the power
to take possession of any railroad or telegraph
line in the United States that he may think proper,
I do not suppose that that power would be exer-
cised in very many cases, or that there would be
any necessity to exercise it in very many cases.
I am entirely willing to make him the judge of the
occasion, and to invest him with the discretion of
doing so in every case where he deems it neces-
sary to promote the public service in the conduct
of this war.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Ohio
in another proposition which he laid down in his
remarks, that where any individual is in the ser-
vice of the Navy or the Army of the United States,
in any capacity where he is regularly employed
in the service of the United States, he may be
properly made subject to military law, to military
control, and to military execution; but the diffi-
culty which I putdoesnotcomewithinthatscope;
it is outside of that scope. There are many per-
sons who may commit these acts in derogation of
this bill, that are not in the service of the United
States at all, military or naval, butwho are mere
trespassers. For, example, m the State of Ken-
tucky, we have several railroads, and, gentlemen
have adverted to the fact of there being many rail-
roads in the other loyal States. Now, what is the
provision contained m the second section of this
bill?
u That any attempt by any party, or parties whomsoever,
to reMSt or interfere with the unrestrained use by Govern-
ment of the propeity descubed in the preceding suction,
ni any attempt to injure or destroy the property aforesaid,
shall be punished as a military offense by death, or such
other penalty as a court-martial may impose."
My position is simply this: that where acitizen,
or any individual who is not in the service of the
United States, in the Army or Navy, does an act
coming within the purview of that section of this
bill, he not being in the land or naval service of
the United States, has a constitutional right to be
tried by the civil law of the country where he
commits that act, by a court and by a jury, and
to be punished by the civil law that denounces
such acts as crimes, and not by the law martial
or by the judgment or sentence of a court-martial.
The case which was presented so forcibly and
vividly by the gentleman from Illinois to my mind
presents the greatest difficulty connected with this
and cognate subjects that 1 have considered at
least; it is whether in the insurgent States persons
shall be subjected to the law martial and to the
sentence of courts-martial or not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where the judicial powers
are all overborne.
Mr. DAVIS. There are two classes of poisons
in those States: one class, those who are loyal and
tiue to their Government and the Union, and the
other, those who are rebellious and disloyal. Will
you subject both classes of these persons to the
same control by military law, to the same sentence
and execution of military courts? I seriously
doubt whether there is any just, and rightful, and
constitutional power in this land to subject a loyal
citizen of the United States, be he in a loyal or an
insurgent State, who is not in the laud or naval
service of the United States, to any other law than
the civil law of the country m which he is charged
to have committed an offense, and according to the
trial prescribed by the civil law of that country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose martial law ex-
ists there, what difference is there between the
loyal and disloyal in that case?
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I have not the same defi-
nite opinion in relation to the validity of martial
law that my friend from Maine has. I doubt a
little more upon the question whether martial law-
can be proclaimed or not. In a few words, my
idea in relation to martial law is this: Congress
may authorize the proclamation of martial lawm
times of war and rebellion, and it is the only power
that can prescribe martial law. The Piesulent,
from the extreme necessity of the case, as with
General Jackson when New Orleans was besieged
by the British, is indulged and tolerated in de-
claring martial law; but he is still amenable to all
the civil laws for his illegal conduct m proclaim-
ing martial law and in acting under it. His only
immunity is to get the law-making power to ex-
empt him from the punishment denounced against
his acts where they are penal. Where ins acts
are trespasses, and infringe the rights of individ-
uals, he is just as responsible in our courts of
justice to those individuals whom he has injured
as though there had been no martial law at all;
and the only immunity that he can claim is by
