1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
is any farmer with a thousand acres of land and
large numbers of stock, he ought to be included.
The direct tax has been assumed by the States
and levied upon property generally. There is no
real ground for the amendment.
Mr.McKNIGHT. I movetoamendmyamend-
ment by striking out the words "gains, profits,
or income." I think, Mr. Chairman, that the
section is open to an objection which my amend-
ment will obviate. A person whose whole income
may be derived from real estate is first taxed upon
that real estate, and then he is taxed upon the in-
come which he derives from it. Where the States
have assumed the payment of the direct tax im-
posed last year, it is well known that that tax has
been chiefly levied upon real estate. It will be
seen, then, that such a man is taxed twice, which
{ do not believe was the intention of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. It will make the own-
ers of real estate pay more than their fair share of
the burdens of the Government. If the members
of the committee will give their attention to this
matter, they will see the necessity of changing the
section as proposed by my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. If I understand it, it will exempt all in-
comes from real estate. The direct tax which
was laid was assumed by every loyal State except
Delaware, which first assumed and then repu-
diated it. When those States levy that tax, they
do not levy it upon real estate alone, but they levy
it upon property generally. The taxes, so far as
I know, have been levied by the States for the
relief of real estate. It has been so in Pennsyl-
vania. The man who did not own an acre of
land, and the bondholders and others, paid to that
State the share winch legitimately fell upon the
farmer, for the relief of real estate. Why should
those men be compelled to pay the whole of our
taxes? How, too, are you to get at the amount
when the tax is not assessed specifically?
MESSAGE FUOM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, (Mr. Webster
m the chair,) and a message was received from
the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, noti-
fying the House that that body had passed bills
of the following titles, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (No. 229) for the administration of the
oath of allegiance to American citizens in foreign
countries;
A bill (No. 256) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States ships Cumberland and Con-
gress; and
A bill (No. 219) granting an invalid pension to
Hugh H. Howaid, of Hockingport, Ohio.
Also, that it had indefinitely postponed a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) relating to
the sale of goods unfit for use by the War De-
partment; and
A bill (II. R. No. 88) providing for the monthly
payment of the troops.
Also, that it returned to the House engrossed
bill (H. R. No. 318) to prohibit all allowances or
payment of pensions to the children of officers and
soldiers of the war of the Revolution, passed by
the Senate on the 28th of March last.
Also, that it had passed House resolution (No.
59) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to test
the plans and materials for rendering ships and
floating batteries invulnerable, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
TAX BILL AGAJN.
The committee resumed its session, (Mr. Col-
fax in the chair.)
Mr. McKNIGHT, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The income derived
from manufacture is exempted from the payment
of this tax, because the person is already made
to pay a license tax. It is not so with the farmer.
His profits arc the result of the labor which he
has hired. This tax upon real estate is unlimited
in its duration.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that the
States have assumed that tax on real estate and
thrown it upon the general property of the State.
That is true for the present yeai, but that assump-
tion of the tax will not endure longer than the
present year. Next year it will be levied upon the
real estate, and the income tax will then stand as
an accumulated burden upon the agriculture of the
country, which is so extensively represented upon
this floor. The gentleman from Vermont states
that the cost of production is first to be deducted.
The term " profit" is used in the bill, but the
terms "gains"and " income"arealsoused. The
farmer that produces $1,000 a year has that in-
come, though a large part of it' is expended in pro-
ducing that amount.
I would inquire of the Chair what the amend-
ment is ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
ask the gentleman himself, what he was speak-
ing to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. To the merits of
the question.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the remarks of the
gentleman arc out of order.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I am willing to move
any amendment. I was called out a few moments
since, and before we arrived at this point of the
bill, and for that reason I did not understand what
the amendment was.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is to
strike out the last line.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Then I think my
remarks are applicable to the amendment, and I
trust the amendment will be adopted. I will, how-
ever, move to amend the amendment, by striking
out the last word. 1 hope the original amend-
ment will be adopted, for I think-it commends
itself to the justice of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana. The income tax, as
a general rule, will be almost exclusively collected
fiom the large cities. The country, and especially
the western country, will not pay a millionth part
of it. If the present amendment prevails, they
will not pay any part of it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If profits moans net profits,
I do not see how we are to get at it.
" Mr. STEVENS. Then the return will be very
apt to be " no profits." The words " gain" and
| " income" mean the same thing. They are equiv-
alent terms. They mean the net profits. You
cannot have any gams until you pay the expenses.
What it costs to produce is to be deducted, and
then there wiil be left only the net profits.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is the tax upon the land to
be deducted in making- up the profits?
Mr. STEVENS. That is the very thing the
amendment proposes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We have all kinds of local
and State t.oces to pay, and are they to be de-
ducted from the productsof the farm before arriv-
ing at the net profits ?
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment means prof-
its, and I cannot make it any clearer than it is.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I withdraw my
amendment.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Stevens,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. McKnight and English.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the section the following
proviso:
Provided, Tlifit in estimating the income on the produc-
tions of agriculture, lite necessary cost of production shall
Ikbt be deducted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope wo shall
add no further proviso. If we add this proviso,
we might as well add a provision that a physician
shall first deduct the cost of his medicine, or the
lawyer his traveling expenses.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask the gentleman
from Vcimont whether we are to understand that
the income upon real estate means the net income
of the real estate ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no doubt
of it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. If the income means
the net income, what harm can there be in adopt-
ing the pioviso, as it is merely declaratory of the
true intent and meaning of the provision, as ad-
mitted by the gentleman from Vermont.'' ^ If any
gentlemen wish to apply the same provision to
any interest other than that of agriculture, let
them do so. I represent the agricultural interest.
I think it will be merely a caprice of the commit-
tee if they do not allow the proviso to go into the
bill, if it has the same meaning as the section it-
self, as they now claim. "
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move to in-
sert the word " net" before " income?."
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at this
time, as an amendment to the original text. -■ ,
Mr. MALLORY. What objection is theie to
putting into the bill what the Committee of Ways
and Means say is its meaning?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The reason is they do not
mean what they say.
Mr. MALLORY. I think that is so.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. White, of Indiana,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Loyejoy and Morris.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 49.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LEARY. I move to strike out all after
the word " provided," in the twentieth line, and
insert:
That such portion of said gains, profits, or income, as
shall be derived from interest upon notes, bonds, or other
securities of the United States, shall be exempt from duty
under this act.
This section of the bill imposes a tax of one
and a half per cent.upon all interestaccruingupon
the public securities of this Government. The
effect of this amendment will be, as it will readily
be seen by the committee, to exempt from such
tax all public securities. I wish to call the at-
tention of the committee to the fact that during the
present session, and during the extra session of
this Congress, we have passed laws authorizing
the issue of Treasury notes, bonds,and otherpub-
lic securities, and we have stipulated upon those
securities to pay certain ratesofintcrest—five, six,
and seven and three tenths per cent. The Gov-
ernment has thus offered inducements to the capi-
talists of the country to invest their funds in these
securities. We have gone still further; we have
authorized by law the issuance of certificates of
indebtedness to parties to whom the Government
is indebted for supplies and munitions of war fur-
nished to the Government,and upon those certifi-
cates we have authorized the payment of certain
stipulated rates of interest.
Now, under the operation of this act, by an
arbitrary enactment, without notice to, or the con-
sent of, the public creditors—and I beg the com-
mittee to remember that those bonds and Treas-
ury notes constitute solemn contracts between the
Government and its creditors—you say to them
now that we will abstract a portion of that inter- -
est upon those bonds and securities. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I know not in what light other gentle-
men of the committee may regard a subject of this
sort. I am willing to sustain the Governmentand
I have deteimined to support the Government,
unless it becomes odious and unless its friends and
its adversaries shall succeed in ingraftingfeatures
upon it which will lead to a subversion of the
original principles upon which it was founded. It
will have to become very odious indeed, to pro-
voke my hostility. I say I do not know in what
light other gentlemen may regard this provision,
but I regard it myself as a matter of manifest in-
justice, and a gross broach of the public faith. I
can look upon it in no other light, and it is under
the influence of this feeling that I propose this
i amendment
I Mr. STEVENS. I hope this amendment will
j not prevail. At the time that these bonds were
1 authorized to be issued for loans to the United
j States, every man who took them, and invested
; in them, understood perfectly well one thing;
! and that was that the United States reserved the
i right to tax them, because they made certain ex-
ceptions, but made no exception in regaid to tax-
1 ation. The holders then took them, and will
take them, with their eyes open. It is not the
United States which is taxing itself. Those cap-
italists who choose to invest their money in bonds
of the United States seem to me to stand upon
precisely the same footing as those who invest
their funds in the Vronds of individuals. I cannot
see the difference between putting the burdens of
this taxation upon the man who buys $100,000
of United States bonds, and he who buys $100,000
i| woith of my bonds; cxcept that the former is
j! better able to pay it upon the United States bonds,
!! because they are good, and he would be better
