THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. SHERMAN. In England and Scotland
Whisky is made out of rye and barley. There is
other country except this in which it is made
from corn.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do we not make whisky
here out of rye ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; butl say they
do not in other countries; they do not make it out
of corn anywhere else.
Mr. SiMMONS. The Senator, who has al-
ways-'voted for tariffs, is trying to create the im-
pression that because I come from a manufactur-
ing State I am against the western States. I have
always voted for these duties on liquors. When
this brandy tax and liquor tax, under the tariff of
1846, was a hundred per cent., I had occasion to
examine some of these claims for overpaid duties,
and with that one hundred per cent, it did not
average but fifty cents a gallon oh the brandy,
and we put a dollar on last year. It is as much
as the one hundred per cent, under the tariff of
1846. I' recollect distinctly in 1832, when I was
talking with a larger man than 1 have ever talked
with since about tariffs, he told me that he wanted
when this compromise bill run out, in 1840 or
1842, that all should come down together. Said
he, " let these whisky people see that they have
only a duty of twenty per cent, and I will risk a
tariff; they will come out in majesty." I have
kept the run of this matter ever since.
Now, I want to put thirty cents on whisky after
sixmonths; and the Senator from Ohio says," Oh,
yes; you want to do that to get rid of taxes on
manufactures." 1 know (for I have seen the bill
with a blank in it) that if we put twenty cents
now and thirty cents after the 1st of January on
whisky, as I am going to propose, the House will
put twenty cents now and thirty cents in Janu-
ary on every gallon that comes in, in addition to
the duty of one hundred percent, on all that is
distilled from grain and other materials. That
will be more than two hundred per cent. When
it was one hundred per cent, they only paid fifty
cents. I examined some twenty-two or twenty-
three thousand barrels, and there were three or
four millions of dollars pending upon it. I be-
lieve I worked upon it three weeks nearly all day
and night to get rid of that back claim, and I for-
tunately succeeded, and I have not heard a word
of those claims for overpaid duties since.
I say that I do not want the New England States
or the manufacturing States' to pay one dollar less
than theirproportion. Anybody familiar with this
country knows that the most of this overgrown
wealth, as I call it, is in the old States north of us,
and you will see that they pay the most of the in-
come tax that I propose. I gave an estimate the
other day of what they would pay. Pennsylva-
nia, New Jersey, New York, and three of the
New England States—Massachusetts, Rhode Isl-
and, and Connecticut—would pay $26,000,000 out
of $40,000,000. They will certainly pay that pro-
portion, and 1 think more. They have more abil-
ity, and they ought to pay, and I am willing that
they should pay it. When the Senator accuses
mo of trying to shield these people, I want to try
and convince him and the Senate that instead of
shielding wealth, the whole purpose of the mod-
fieaiions I propose is to shield the laboring man,
the industwal classes, and place the burden^where
I think it ought lo'be placed, on those who have
been fbitumue and have accumulated large sums.
I have said once, and I will repeat it, that when
this direct tax was under consideration, not only
in the committee but in the Senate, I opposed it,
because it spreads all over these new States, and
I think they are less able to pay it than any other
States, and I know nobody will ever suffer from
striking it off. I have consented, at the request
of the Senator from Connecticut, to put this first
stage of tinoe per cent, upon incomes up to
$10,000 before we increase it; so that if a man does
not got over §10,000 income he will not pay over
three per cent. A professional man who does not
have more than §10,000 income, one half of which
comes from any sort of business that is not cer-
tain, is not to pay over three per cent. Then when
you go above that, it is five percent, up to $60,000,
and seven and one half per cent, above it. I say
when a man gets an income of $60,000 a year and
above it, it docs not make much difference how
much you tax him, piovided the Government
wants the money, for he will never know any dif-
ference whether he pays'ten or fifteen per cent.
Mr. DAVIS. How do you do when it runs
over $100,000?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not think it is worth
while to make too many bites of a cherry. I sup-
pose it is not expected to get a vote on this income
tax to-night. 1 hope not, at any rate. Then I
wanted to strike out this beer and liquor tax, and
put it into a new section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator strike out
the tax on corporations, railroads, &c..J
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, everything; but I tax
their income, and I have given you an estimate of
what I expect to get. Then, if the Senate think,
or if the chairman of the committee thinks, that
this is not enough, the bill will be open to amend-
ment and I will go with him to have other objects
for taxation as he may indicate, and put them in
in addition to it; but I think it is as much as we
ought to put in at once. As I said before, I esti-
mate this income tax at §46,000,000. Thirty cents
on whisky, after the 1st of January, will give
§36,000,000 on liquor. Then as to rectified and
redistilled I want to except alcohol, because they
tell me a great deal of it is used for other purposes
than drinking. Petroleum oil is left just as it is,
and I estimate it at $6,000,000, and rectified spirits
at §6,000,000. The tax on tobacco and snuff is
just as we have got it in the bill. That is esti-
mated at $20,000,000 by all of us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who, I should like to
know ?
Mr. SIMMONS. By the men in the House
who stated what it would be with ten cents; that
we would receive $10,000,000on a tax of ten cents;
and I suppose if we put it at twenty cents it will
yield $20,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have seen no such esti-
mates.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have seen them, and I have
seen the returns on which they were based. The
return was eight hundred thousand boxes of a
hundred pounds each. That would be $16,000,000;
and then snuff and cigars, T think, would make
up the other $4,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senator
that the returns of the census show the whole
amount used in the United States to be about sev-
enty-nine millions of pounds, taking the whole
United States together. He may judge how much
of it would be used in what States are left where
we could collect the duty, and then how much
would be the amount of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. As to the States that are left,
I think they are all left, and, in my deliberate
judgment, before the 1st of January we can en-
force our laws in all of them. That is my opin-
ion. I have never had any of these notionsabout
any States that were not left.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is one of the con-
tingencies.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know it is one of the con-
tingencies; but it is so very remote that I never
make any estimate of it when I am going to assess
taxes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One of your contingen-
cies, I suppose, is, that they will be just as well
able to pay as before.
Mr. SIMMONS. On tobacco I think they will
be better able to pay. Then I put a tax on cot-
ton, sugar, and rice. I have got a return of them
—I believe a very accurate one—and that tax will
yield about nineteen millions of dollars. That, I
think, is about the fair share of these rebellious
States. I do not intend to have any drawback on
it; and I am content that the manufacturers shall
pay $2,000,000 of it on cotton, for the sake of
getting something out of other people somewhere
else in some other country. I want to let them
know that we have got something to sell as well
as they.
In addition to wliat I have stated, the licenses
will give $10,000,000, and auction sales and play-
ing cards $1,000,000. That makes an aggregate
of $154,000,000. I think we shall get $100,000,000
from the tariff, when the proposed amendments
are made, making a total of $254,000,000. I do
not think wo shall want over $200,000,000. Now,
you may cut off where you please. If you say
it is an over-estimate, make your deductions. If
you want more, I would suggest a tax of one half
of one per cent, on all wholesale merchants who
sell by the package, including imported goods,
and that will give you $20,000,000 at least.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Fifty millions.
Mr. SIMMONS. Oh, no; not so much as that.
However, I do not believe there is any Senator,
if he will take one quarter or one tenth of the
trouble I have to find out for himself what
amounts these heads will yield, who will desire
the first six months to include anything less. If
we put this tax bill in operation, and get it well
matured during the next six months, and it does
not realize from this income tax something near
what I have estimated, there will be plenty of
time next winter to resort to other items and put
them in. The machinery is all in the bill. That
is the reason, and the only reason, why I have
been waiting to perfect this machinery, because it
is ready for any article you want to put in. In
six months you will have a chance to see how it
operates. You might strike out a thousand arti-
cles now in the bill. It will be more work to col-
lect the tax on a great many of them than the tax
is worth. You will alarm everybody in the coun-
try by sending out so many tax gatherers. I
know the people do not like tax gatherers. This
bill goes beyond anything 1 ever saw. I used to
read in old times something about the English
taxes. They taxed a man for everything, even
to the nails in his coffin. This bill goes beyond
that: it taxes whatever little sum heleavesto his
children. It taxes him up to his death and after
his death. It does not let go of him even then. I
know a very facetious old gentleman who said he
thought there never was a man that had such an
antipathy to wealth as he had; but, he said, ho
always buried the hatchet when one of them died,
and lie went to his funeral. This bill does not
bury the hatchet when a man dies. It follows
him afterwards in to courts of probate and through-
out the distribution of the estate, and I suppose it
means to the third and fourth generation.
I will not weary the Serrate to-day, for I am
tired, and I think it is about time to adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will yield
to me I will make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly; I think we had
better adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDJEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Chandler, Harris, McDougall, Simmons,
Sumner, Tiumtmll, Wade, and Wilmot—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Doollttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harlan, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,Latliam,
Mori ill, Nesnnth, Powell, Hire, Sherman, Staik, Wllley,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and VVright—25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate re-
fuses to adjourn, but the vote discloses the want
of a quorum, and the business of the Senate is
arrested for the want of a quorum.
Mr. FOOT. I think it proper to say in behalf
of my colleague, [Mr. Collamer,] who appears
to be absent to-day, that it is m consequence of
illness. He is ordinarily here when he is able
to come.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have stated on
Saturday that Mr. Ten Eyck, of New Jersey,
was called home by the death of a relative. I
forgot to mention it on Saturday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to state that Mr.
Dixon, of Connecticut, was called out for a short
time, but will be in presently.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose I might say for a
great many Senators that they were called out for
a short time, but will be in presently. [Laughter.l
Mr.TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if it is the duty of the Senate to remain here for
those gentlemen, who have been called out for a
short time, to come in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is, or else send
for them.
Mr. Hale and Mr. King appeared.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the absentees be
again called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A sufficient
number of Senators have come in to constitute a
quorum if the Senate will permit their names to
be called. It will be done by unanimous consent.
The Secretary called the names of Mr; Hale
and Mr. King, and they voted in the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote now
stands 8in the affirmative and 27 in the negative,
showing the presence of a quorum, and the Senate
refuses to adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
from Rhode Island whether he will not make his
