510
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
getting indemnity from the Government for which
he has acted
But, Mr. President, the honorable gentleman
from Maryland took another justexccption to this
bill. J want the bill passed so far as, m my judg-
ment, it does not conflict with the Constitution. I
assure the honorable Senator from Ohio and the
Senate that I make no captious objection to it, I
yield to no man in this House in the depth and
truth and earnestness of my desire to put down this
rebellion at the point of the sword; and I go a step
even beyond the gentleman from Ohio—not that
the felons and criminals and traitors of the loyal
States should be in any decree exempt from pun-
ishment, though that punishment extend to capi-
tal execution; but of all the trauors and of all the
criminals m this land, those of my own State I
want first and most signally punished.
I think the other exception taken to the bill by
the Senator from Maryland is well taken. He
objects to that portion of it which proposes " to
place under military control all the officers, agents,
and employe's belonging to the telegraph and rail-
road lines thus taken possession of by the Pres-
ident." I say that that is wholly an unauthor-
ized power. Congress, the law-making power
of the United States, cannot invest the President
with that authority, lie has no right to assume
that persons who ate in civil employment, either
in a State or in a State corporation, or in their
own private and individual capacity, can be sc-izcd
by authority of n law of Congruss, and nppropri-*
ated to and made a part of the military power of
the United States, and subjected to the military
law. I utterly deny that that is constitutional.
Mr. President, if there has been any idol on earth
that 1 have worshiped, Jt has been the Union of
these States. I have in my imagination fancied
this Union subsisting for a thousand years, ex-
tending through the centuries that numbered the
history of Carthage, of Rome, and of the modern
kingdoms of Franco and of England. It was to
me the most grievous disappointment that ever 1
could fancy, that this Union, in the first century
after the foundation of the Government, should
bo broken up by a wicked and unauthorized re-
bellion, one that was sanctioned by no sufficient
oause or grievance to bring it about. No, Mr.
President, I, in my imagination, lying upon my
own pillow, have indulged in the visions of the
future, and have pursued this imperial Republic
to a point of development in its fiscal resources,
in its progress, in aits and in the sciences, in na-
tional power, in everything that can make an em-
pire of the earth great and glorious and grand.
That, to me, sir, has been the brightest'vision
that ever my imagination pictured, f still cherish
the hope 111al we shall still bring baelc this Union
ami place n upon the firm basis which it occupied
In-fore these southern discontents locked it to its
basis. 1 still believe that that may be done by
moderation, by wisdom, by patriotism; and let
me say one word to my fijends who constitute
the majoiity in this Hall before 1 close.
You, gentlemen, are acting for your posterity,
I hope, as well as for yomselves; it may be for
yourselves alone. JIunuui affairs are full of vi-
cissitude and change; you thaf are in power to-
day may be m the miuonty to-morrow. You may
feel stiong and pioud now in the possession of
your power, but that power may be struck low
in the course of a few years, and the very prece-
dents and abuse of power (if you arc guilty of
any abuse of power) which you are now bringing
to bear against others, m a very short period may
be turned against yourselves. You aieacting un-
der a Constitution, the fundamental law of your
Government, which regulates and circumsciibes
your powers. You have no light, no authority
to irauhcend it; it is duo not only to posteuty but
to yourselves that you should not transcend the
limits of the Constitution. I invoke you, then,
as you settle precedents of the utmost impoi tanee
next to the fundamental provisions of the Consti-
tution themselves, settle them m moderation and
in wisdom, and m the most enlarged patriotism;
settle them with a consciousncss that the next
year, or the next twenty years, may bringyou in
h minority subject to these precedents and to these
principles of cmMHutional construction which you
are now about to impose on the minority lu'the
United Stales.
I beg pardon for having said this much, Mr.
President. 1 had not expected to say a word upon
the subject; but I do hope that this bill, so im-
portant in its character, will be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and let the Judiciary
Committee shape the bill so as to give it the most
perfect efficiency compatible with the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
suppose, Mr. Piesident, that any of us here of the
majority, and who are responsible for our action,
desire to infringe upon the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States. I take it that we
have quite as much reveience for that instrument
as the Senator from Kentucky, and I have no
doubt ho has great reverence for it. As I under-
stand it, it is not intended that this bill shall op-
erate exclusively in the rebel States; the bill is as
necessary, for the purposes for which it has been
introduced, in the loyal as in the disloyal States
of this Union. We have assembled large armies;
we have half a million of men under arms 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
state the object of tins measuie, and then the Sen-
ator can put his question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stands the point as to the bill operating in the loyal
States. Everybody is for its operating in the loyal
States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The dis-
cussion has been the other way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stands 
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The debate
will show it when you come to read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me correct the Sen-
ator.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If t have
made a mistake, 1 am willing to be corrected; but
I do not like this habit of interruption, which I
think is undignified and improper.
Mr. TllUMDULL. I merely wish to correct
the Senator. He is aiguing on the assumption
that we do notdesire the bill to operatein the loyal
States, i do desire the bill to operate in the loyal
States as much as in the disloyal States. The
point is only this: that in loyal communities where
the judicial tribunals are in operation, you cannot
punish men by a tmlitaiy com t-martial; but you
may punish them, and 1 am for punishing them.
That answers the Senator from Ohio, too. I am
for punishing a man in the loyal States who inter-
feres with a telegraph line or a railroad line as
severely as in the disloyal States. I am for pun-
ishing them all. The constitutional point is sim-
ply this: can you punish a citizen by a military
court-martial in a loyal portion of the country ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Wc have
had the Senator's explanation; and I certainly do
not see any occasion forit. Several remarks were
made about the operation of this bill in the loyal
and the disloyal States respectively; and I simply
said that it was not intended to operate any more
in the disloyal than in the loyal States. What is
the whole object of this bill ? What is the reason
why it has been mtiodueed here, and why does
the new Secretary of War desire a measure of this
kind J We have assembled large armies; it is ex-
pected that these armies u e to move; the public
voice demands action; they have to move over
vast spaces of country; railways must be a great
means of transportation for them. Now, the ob-
ject is to have the control of the railway lines for
the purpose of moving these masses of men. The
object is to concentrate our forces, to move large
masses of men without the knowledge or consent
of anybody, without negotiating with railway di-
rectors as to how many men are to he moved, or
where they are to he moved, or what rolling stock
is wanted, or anything of the kind. The object
is for the Government to have control of this
means of moving the armies of the United States
wherever wanted, without negotiating with any-
body, or letting anybody know where the troops
aie to go, how many are to go; and the object is
further to concentiate the rolling stock of a large
number of lailways, if it shall be necessary, on
one laiiway line,so that vast masses of men may
be moved inpidly and speedily. i
This is the object of the bill. If there are any \
provisions of the bill m violation of the Constitu- !
tion of the country, proposing punishments that :
cannot constitutionally be inflicted, certainly for '
one I do not desire to vote for them; but the ob- i
ject, the purpose of the Government in wishing to j
have this power over the railways of the country, I
is to be enabled to move the armies of the United
States during the next few months in all portions
of the country—to move them by the will of the
Government itr such numbers as it pleases and
where it pleases, without consulting railway di-
rectors, loyal or disloyal; withoutletting any rail-
way managers know how many men you move,
or where you move them, or how fast you intend
to move them. I think the object a good one, and
it seems to me there ought to be constitutional
power enough in this Government, and a dispo-
sition in Congress to clothe the Government with
this power.
Mr. BROWNING. I approve entirely of the
purposes and objects of the bill; but I am by no
means satisfied—I do not feel entirely certain in
my own mind—that the bill is at all necessary. I
am not sure that the Government cannot, in the
legitimate and proper exercise of its unquestioned
war powers, accomplish all that this bill contem-
plates as well without the bill as with it; and yet
I do not doubt that Congress may either enlarge
or restrict the war powers of the Government,
while it may not touch another class of rights and
powers that grow out of the existence of war.
Iam not, however, satisfied, Mr. President, with
the provisions of either the first or second sec-
tions of the bill, precisely as they are, and I pro-
pose to suggest for the consideration of those who
have the especial charge of the bill, and who are
very much better qualified to perfect it and to de-
termine upon the propriety of any suggestion that
may be made than I am, an amendment to the first
section and also an amendment to the second sec-
tion. It is a very extraordinary stretchof power
to authorize the President to seize upon the em-
ployes of the railroads and telegraph lines,impress
them into the service of the Government, and place
them without their will or consent under the rules
and articles of war. I do not think we ought, to
do that. In this country the consent of men, in
the present condition of things at any rate, to ser-
vice in the Army of the United States, is supposed
to be necessary to be obtained. An emergency
might arise when it would become necessary to
impress men; it has not come yet.
The first section of the bill, in the latter part of
it, declares that it shall be competent <{ to place
under military control all the officers, agents,and
employes belonging to the telegraph and railroad
lines thus taken possession of by the President,
so that they shall be considered a part of the mili-
tary force of the United States, subject to all the
restrictions imposed by the rules and articles of
war." Now I suggest whether it would not be
well to amend that in the fifteenth line by insert-
ing after the word u President" the words " who
shall consent so to enter into the service of the
Government;" and to add to the section the words:
And if any of the employes aforesaid refuse to enter into
the service of the United States upon the conditions afore-
said, they shall be immediately dismissed, and others em-
ployed who will consent to bccomc a part of the military
lorec of the United States, subject to all the restrictions
imposed by the nilcs and articles of war.
I do not think an amendment of that kind would
interpose any obstacle atall to an efficient and en-
ergetic execution of the law. I simply, however,
suggest it.
The sccond section does appear to me to be very
objectionable. I do not think we have a right to
subject persons not connected with the military
service, not connected with the Army or Navy,
to seizure, arrest, trial, and execution by a court-
martial, unless they stand to us in the relation of
spies or emissaries of the enemy; and I suggest
for the consideration of Senators an amendment
to the second section, altering it so as to make it
read thus:
That any person or persons whomsoever, who shall at-
tempt within the hues of the Army of the United States to
lesisst or interfere with the unrestrained use by Government
of the property described in the preceding section, or who
shall make anv attempt to injure ot dc&uoy the property
afoiesaid, shall be treated as s.pipa and emissaries ot theen-
emv. and shall be punished as military offenders, by death,
or such other penalty as a court-martial may impose.
Confining it to persons who are guilty of of-
fenses of this description, of attempts to interfere
with the use and enjoyment of the railroads and
telegraphs within the lines of the Army. I do
not myself know precisely what that term "lines
of the Army" means, but it is a term thatlknow
is very common with military men. I suppose
it to embrace all those regions and districts of
country where war is actually present, and the
