1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
active operations of the Army are really necessary.
Outside of that district we can seize upon persons
and try them under the laws*
I merely suggest these amendments, not wish-
ing to consume the time of the Senate. 1 do not
know that they are of any value; but T make the
suggestions, for I do think the bill requires some
amendment.
Mr, WADE. Mr. President, I do not profess
to believe that this bill is entirely perfect, and I
do not deny that amendments may be made to it;
but I think Senators make a gieat mistake in fail-
ing to see the difference between acting with
promptitude in time of flagrant war and our ordi-
nary action in time of peace, in every attempt
that I have made to put this body on a war foot-
ing—I suppose 1 may use that term, for it wants
it just as much as the Army—gentlemen will con-
sider that there is no war; that all is peace. They
seem to think that we can have the same regard
to the ultimate rights of men, and be just as tender
and scrupulous as we have been accustomed.to be
on other occasions. I do not believe we can do
that in time of war. I think we have got to pro-
ceed with more energy than in time of peace.
The first amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Browning,] I believe, proposes to de-
clare that these persons are spies, and then he
thinks we may punish them. Why, sir, is it not
most manifest that when the Government takes
possession of these roads for war purposes, if any
man undertakes to resist that, he is an aider and
abettor of the enemy,and is guilty of treason ? We
are carrying on war. Now, to obstruct or inter-
fere wuh the transportation of troops and muni-
tions of wai* and provisions for your Army, is an
act of treason for which the offender is liable to
suffer death if he is tried by your civil tribunals.
There is no doubt of that, I suppose, in the mind
ofanybody. What good will it do to declare such
a man to be a spy? That is not the position he
occupies. You wish the Constitution to apply to
him by placing him m a character that he really
does not possess. He is a traitor. He is abetting
the cause of the enemy; giving them aid and com-
foi t. That is precisely his chaiactur; but the Sen-
ator from Illinois wants to call him a spy and then
to punish him under that denomination, which, in
fact, does not belong to him.
Gentlemen do not seem to consider the import-
ance of this bill in another point of view. Some
say that it will apply to very few railroads, it
will apply to many more than they imagine. Sup-
pose that the Secretary of War should conceive it
to be of importance, in the prosecution of the war,
to throw a hundred thousand men into Kentucky in
the very shortest peiiod within which it could be
done; and suppose that upon one of the railroads
over which the troops must go, there was not
transportation half enough or one third enough
for the purpose, why should he not have author-
ity to seize upon the rolling stock of other roads,
and combine the whole, so as to be able to move
with the celerity of lightning from one position to
another? The Secretary of War does not want
to take possession of these roads permanently;
but for certain expeditions, to give eneigy to the
Department, to give efficiency to the cause; lie
wants power to say to the proprietors of these
roads, and to the men who are operating them:
"You shall conduct our armies across your
roads." Now, the Senator from Illinois wants a
provision discharging these persons from their
ordinary avocations, and leaving us to go out and
enlist another set of men to take charge of the
roads. Those whom we shall thus get may know
nothing about u, and we shall have to train them
so that they can do the woik. Thus you would
be defeated every time m your enterpiise. It is
no greathardship to those who have managed and
conducted a railroad, to say to them, " you shall
now continue your business for the Government
instead of for the company: conduct our troops
safely and with the greatest expedition to the point ;
wheie we want to use them." in time of war and |
rebellion, arc you so tender-footed that you can- [
not stand this? Then give up your war—your j
ro«c-water war. Rebellion laughs you in the lace j
if you prosecute your wat thus. No, sir; I am ;
for no such prosecution of this war. This rebel- i
lion is never to be suppressed upon principles like j
that. 1 would use every powerthatGod Almighty |
and the Constitution have put in our hands to sup- '<
ywass it; and one of our undoubted powers is to i
seize all the railroads in this nation if the Govern-
ment wants them for the transportation of troops
and munitions of war; to take their cars, their roll-
ing stock) and the hands employed, to employ
them for the Government instead of for the corpor-
ations. That is all we ask.
The Senator from Illinois asks us to totally
emasculate this bill, to destroy its efficiency, by
saying that we shall ship oil' these hands or stop
to recnlist them. Do you not pursue the policy
for which this bill provides with teamsters every
day ? If your Army is in want of a man's team,
do you not piess him and Ins team into the ser-
vice without a question ? You do not doubt that;
but when you come to a railroad corporation,
there seems to be something very sacred about it.
Sir, I see no more reason why we should forbear
exercising this same power in the case of a rail-
road, than in the case of a private individual who
happens to have a team upon a road; and that is
done every day. Wc want the men; we want
the experience of the engineer; we want the con-
ductor; wc want those who are best qualified to
run your road; and we want them now; and we
want to say to them, "Continue your business
for the Government; wc will pay you as well as
your old employers; conduct our armies to the
place to which we want them conveyed; give up
your rolling stock to us, that we may quell this
rebellion at a certain point." No, says the gen-
tleman, this would be a violation of private rights.
I know it is an extreme exercise of the warpowcr,
but it is as undoubted as any other power that the
Government possesses. Why not exercise it? I
beg of the Senate not to emasculate this bill by
any such provision.
Then, as to the second section, I believe I have
said all that I wish to say about it. I do not be-
lieve that it is subject to the criticisms that have
been visited upon it. I do not believe a man taken
in flagrant treason is not liable to be punished by
a court-martial when his sin is against the advance
of your Army upon the enemy." When he is there
taken in violation of his duty and of lus loyalty,
endeavoiing to aid the enemy by obstructing the
march of your armies, I see no objection to his
being subjected to military rules. 11 is done every
day, as I said before, and without objection. If it
were declared that the whole United States should
be subject to martial law, you would not object to
it; you could not object to it then, because every-
body would be subjected to martial law. Well,
sir, that general declaration is unnecessary; but
as the greater includes the less, and as the whole
includes the parts, if you can declare that the
whole Union shall be subjected to martial law,
so you can declare that any part or portion of it
shall be.
There is no objection to this bill, except that it
presents a most efficient agency to prosecute this
war, and without which it will go on feebly, as it
has before. I want the right, whenever one hun-
dred thousand men arc thought necessary to be
concentrated with great rapidity at a certain point,
and there are railroads, with rolling stock suffi-
cient for theii transportation, to take that stock
and press the employes of those roads into the ser-
vice of the Government to carry out this great de-
sign. It is no hardship upon them, unless they
are violent traitors at heart. They should do it
without coercive measures being resorted to; but
as you may want to do this m the case of a rail-
road which may be managed by traitors, you want
the right prescribed by Congress to do that which
necessity would compel your authoiities to do if
you withheld fiom them the power. All I want,
as I said before, is to regulate by law that power
which the Executive undoubtedly has.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I think I
am as earnest and as sincere m my desire to have
this rebellion put down, and the war vigorously
prosecuted, as the Senator from Ohio can be; and
as mildly and modestly as I possibly could, 1
made a suggestion that 1 thought might possibly
be worthy of his consideration for the purpose of
peifecting his bill, and giving to it additional effi-
ciency and vigot, and iemovmg from ltobjections
that unqu< stionobly will impair its acceptability
before the people it it pass m us present shape.
I have no intention of following the Senator into
the violation of his five-minute rule that he was
so anxious to have adopted yesterday. I have a
very few woids to say m reply to him, but I am
sorry that 1 expressed myself so awkwardly as
to make on his mind the impression which I man-
ifestly did, that I was hostile to the passage of
the bill and the main objects of the bill. I intended
to say, and I think I did sayj that I heartily ap-
proved of the purposes of the bill, and was will-
ing to confer on the President the power the bill
contemplated; and I wont still further, and said
that in my opinion the bill was not necessary to
clothe the President with that power, but that he
might exercise it without any authority whatever
derived from Congress for that purpose; that it
was a war power which he had the right to assume
and exercise whenever an exigency arose which
in his judgment and discretion made it necessary.
I am exceedingly sorry that the few remarks that
I submitted, and the amendments which I sug-
gested, certainly with a view to the perfection and
efficiency of the bill, not to its destruction, should
have had the effect of arousing and exciting the
Senator from Ohio as they seem to have done. It
might be well for us all to remember that a little
cool discretion is sometimes of infinitely more
value than the most briliant displays of passion
that the Senator or myself or any other one here
would be capable of making. This is not a mat-
terl think to got in a towering passion over. We
ought to discuss it coolly, calmly, candidly, and
frankly with each other; and I do not feel that I
have properly subjected myself -ta the criticisms
and to the reprimands which the Senator from
Ohio has thought proper to administer, for simply
suggesting what it seemed to me a duty to suggest
in the consideration of so important a measure as
this.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman says I repri-
manded him. If I did that, 1 did what I did not
suppose I was doing. I thought I was arguing
against theamendments he had offered. I intended
to express nothing more than that.
Mr. BROWNING. The gentleman got ex-
cited.
Mr. WADE. Well, that may be.
Mr. BROWNING. Now, Mr. President, it is
very true that if the pressure and emergencies of
the war should make it necessary, we have an un-
questioned right and power to impress men into
the service; but is it expedient always to exercise
all the power wc possess, and exorcise it in the
most offensive way? It is not necessary at the
present time to resort to that extreme war power
for the purpose of putting ourselves in a condition
to meet and suppress this rebellion. The loyalty
of the citizens of the loyal States of this Govern-
ment 1ms not yet reached so low an ebb as to make
it necessary to resort to the exercise of that ex-
treme and tyrannous war power, and it is a tyran-
nous power whenever it is exercised; and yet I do
not at all question its existence and our right to
use it if it becomes necessary to use it. But when
we can get along without it better than we can with
it, it does seem to me that it would be the part of
prudence as well as the part of patriotism to do so.
The gentleman says we impress teamsters. So
wc do. We impress ti farmer and his team, and
compel them to go and work for the Government
whenever it is necessary; but do we compel them
to subject themselves to the rules and articles of
war, and shoot a farmer at a drum-head court-
martial because he has resisted and remonstrated
against the exercise of power by the Government?
No, sir. That is what I objected to, I made no
objection, and I intend to make no objection, to
clothing the President with all the power that the
bill contemplates to seize all the laihoads and all
the telegiaph lines in the United States of Amer-
ica when in his judgment it becomes a necessity
for the success of the cause that he shall do so;
but I object at the present time, and without any
possible necessity, without any suggestion of ne-
cessity, without the intimation of a necessity for
it, to forcing men to submit themselves to the rules
and articles of war, as a part ot the Army of the
United States, against their will and their remon-
strances. What will be the consequences of it?
The gentleman says he will shoot them. Yes, sir;
but before he shoots them, these unwilling mm
that he has compelled into the service of the Gov-
ernment—railroad employes, if any such there be
—will run a hundred trams off the road and kill
and mangle thousands and thousands of our sol-
diers. Force unwilling men as employes into the
,j service of the Government as raihoad managers,
j j and there will be disasters enough m one week to
ll more than counterbalance all the benefits that we
