1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
made with them, and all obligations for goods or
other property sold to them, should be declared
utterly void. All future treaties should provide
for the payment of their annuities in goods and
agricultural implements, at the lowest prices at
which they can "be procured by the Government.
The Department should bo authorized to procure
the consent of the tribes, with which treaties ex-
ist providing for the payment of cash annuities,
that it shall furnish them with such goods and
agricultural implements as their wants require, at
the wholesale prices of such articles in the best
markets, in lieu of the cash annuities provided for
in the treaties.
By such a change the Indians would avoid the
payment of profits which are now paid to the
traders, and would realize a much larger amount
in goods for their annuities than they now receive.
PATENT OFFICE.
No branch of the public service connected with
this Department has been so much affected by the
insurrection of the southern States as that of the
Patent Office.
The receipts of the office from January 1 to Sep-
tember 30, 1861, were $102,808 18; and the ex-
penditures were §185,594 05, showing an excess
of expenditures over receipts of §82,785 87.
During the corresponding period of last year
the receipts were §197,348 40, being §94,840 22
more than the receipts for the same part of this
year. During the same period 3,514 applications
for patents and 519 caveats have been filed, 2,581
patents have been issued, and 15 patents have been
extended.
To meet this deficiency in the income of the
office, the Commissioner, with the concurrence of
the Department, has reduced the clerical and ex-
amining force by the discharge of thirty of the
employes, and reduced the grade of the remainder
in order to lessen their compensation. By this
reduction it is believed by the Commissioner that
the expenditures will be brought within the re-
ceipts.
The expenses of the office have been increased
during the present year by the printing of the
drawings and specifications authorized by the
fourteenth section of the act of March 2, 1861.
The Commissioner contracted for the printing in
conformity with the law, and the work was exe-
cuted in a satisfactory manner until the 1st of
November, when, in consequence of the decline
in the receipts of the office, it was discontinued.
The printing of the drawings and specifications
of patents in the manner in which it has been done
under the law of March last, would unquestion-
ably be of great service to the office, as well as to
all interested in its business, and should, if pos-
sible, be continued. Although the expenses of the
Patent Office have been increased by this printing,
a saving of a larger amount lias been effected to
the Treasury. The mechanical reports of the
Patent Office have heretofore been printed at the
expense of the Government. These reports con-
sist of extracts from the specifications of patents
issued, giving a brief and general description of the
improvements or inventions for which the patents
were issued. They possess no interest for the
general reader, while they are too brief to be of
service to mechanics or inventors. The plates for
the mechanical report of 1860 cost the Government
§47,398 21—a sum greater than the entire cost of
printing provided for by the law of March last.
The cost of paper, printing, and binding was prob-
ably as much more, while the work was without
practical value. Theprintingof the drawings and
specifications, as provided for by the law of March
last, will render unnecessary the printing the me-
chanical reports, and save the expense heretofore
incurred for their publication.
Several amendments to the law of March last
are proposed by the Commissioner of Patents,
which would doubtless render it more effective,
and they are recommended to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress.
The law regulating copy-rights should be
amended to effect the objects contemplated by
Congress. , . .
The act of February 3, 1851, authorizes the
clerks of the United States district courts to grant
copy-rights, and requires the author to deposit a
copy of his work with the clerk. The clerks
are required to send to the Department of the In-
terior all such copies deposited in their offices.
This duty is very imperfectly performed. Prob-
ably not more than half the books, maps, charts,
and musical compositions which are copy-riglited
are deposited in this Department, as required by
law.
The object of collecting in one library copies
of all the copy-righted literary productions of the
country is thus defeated. To secure tliis object
an amendment of the law is recommended which
shall give the sole power of granting copy-rights
to the Commissioner of Patents, and require from
every applicant the payment of a fee of one dol-
lar and a deposit in the Patent Office of a copy of
the work to be copy-righted.
PENSION OFFICE.
The report of the Commissioner of Pensions
furnishes, in detail, the operations of this bureau
during the past year. The number of pensions
has diminished, during the year, 575, and the
amount required to pay them was §43,246 87 less
than the previous year.
The whole number of pensioners, of all classes,
on the rolls on the 30th of June, 1861, was 10,709,
requiring for their payment an aggregate of
§957,772 08.
They were classified as follows: 4,725 invalid
pensioners,receiving§425,256 02; 63 revolutionary
pensioners, receiving §3,690 85; 2,728 widows of
revolutionary soldiers, receiving §212,548 36;
2,236 widows and orphans, half pay, receiv-
ing §178,672; 957 Navy pensioners, receiving
§137,604 85.
The casualties of the conflict in which the Gov-
ernment is now engaged, will increase the list of
pensioneis very largely. The amount of the in-
crease cannot be estimated, as it will depend upon
the duration of the war. The large amount of
business which will necessarily be thrown upon
the office from this cause, will render an increase
of the clerical force employed indispensable.
The Commissioner of Pensions, with the con-
currence of the Department, has construed the
pension laws now in force as authorizing the
granting of pensions to invalids, and the widows
and children of deceased soldiers, who have been
killed or wounded in the existing insurrection. If
this construction of the laws should be deemed
improper, the corrective is with Congress.
It has been ascertained that many of those who
have been placed upon the pension rollsin thein-
surrectionary States have attached themselves to
the rebel cause, and have taken up arms against
the Government. I have deemed it mv duty in all
such cases to direct a suspension of the payment
of the pensions awarded to them. I have also di-
rected a suspension of payment to all pensioners
in any of the States who have in any manner en-
couraged the rebels, or manifested a sympathy
with their cause.
It is respectfully suggested that Congress should
authorize this Department to cause the names of
all such persons to be stricken from the pension
rolls.
EIGHTH CENSUS.
The returns of the eighth census are being
condensed for publication, with all the expedition
practicable in a work of such magnitude and va-
ried and comprehensive details.
The report which the superintendent of that
work will be prepared to make during the present
Congress, will confirm the general belief that no
previous period of our history has been distin-
guished by greater prosperity or evidences of more
substantial progress in all the material interests
effecting the welfare and happiness of a people.
In this connection I feel constrained to recom-
mend the establishment of a Bureau of Agricul-
ture and Statistics, the need whereof is not only
realized by the heads of Departments, but is felt
by every intelligent legislator.
The maintenance of such a bureau, on a rea-
sonable footing, by a different arrangement of
| offices which at present exist on a basis too con-
i traded for extensive usefulness, would beattended
f with no expense to the Government additional to
| that incident to the present organization of the
I Departments, while the advantages gained to the
public service would bo incalculable. One of the
objects contemplated by Congress in the appro-
priations for the promotion of agriculture was
the "collection of agricultural statistics." Cor-
rect reports from every portion of the country,
exhibiting the peculiarities of the soils and their
adaptation to the various crops, with the charac-
ter and extent of their annual productions, would
constitute a fund of information of great practical
value. The appropriations heretofore made by
Congress have not been sufficient to accomplish
this object, and at the same time provide for the
distribution of seeds and the propagation of new
varieties of plants to the extent which the public
expectation appeared to demand.
Annual reports made under the direction of such
a bureau, setting forth the condition of our agri-
culture, manufactures, and commerce, with well
digested statements relative to similar facts in for-
eign countries, which the present rapid intercom-
munication enables us to obtain often in advance
of their publication abroad, would prove the most
valuable repertories of interesting and important
information, theabsence of which often occasions
incalculable loss to the material interests of the
country. The vigilance of such a bureau would
supply timely warning of the failure of crops
abroad or at home, and lead to the judicious in-
vestment of capital and employment of labor in
agriculture and manufactures.
While we expend vast sums for experiments
in gunnery—the promotion of science—in illus-
trating the physical features of unpeopled terri-
tory nt home and regions beyond the seas, and
publish costly volumes of undigested correspond-
ence relating to foreign trade, it is a source of puin
to every statesman and political economist, to
reflect that it is only once in ten years that the
country is supplied with reliable returns respect-
ing the value of our agriculture a^id manufactures,
while altogether ignorant of the extent of our in-
ternal commerce, and possess no means of ascer-
taining its importance.
All enlightened foreign Governments and sev-
eral of the States sustain statistical bureaus, while
the United States, with a population second to no
other in intelligence, and with productions and
resources the most varied, have yet to institute an
agency which would prove an invaluable guardian
of our most material interests. The want of such
a bureau has long been felt, and has been fre-
quently brought to the notice of Congress, but at
no period has the necessity been so universally
recognized as at the present.
Upon the Agricultural and Statistical Bureau
would naturally devolve the charge of the census,
for which timely preparation would be made,and
its administration conducted with improved accu-
racy and ease. In fact the execution of that work
collects a mass of valuable details, and reveals
innumerable and reliable sources of information
of deep interest, heretofore lost to the country,
which a permanent bureau would be able to de-
velop to advantage.
The extent to which the documents of that
office have reached, and the frequent reference
made to them for public and private purposes,
make it indispensable to maintain a permanent
clerical foice to have them in charge. Confident
that such a bureau will assert its claim to public
preservation, and by its utility prove the wis-
dom of the measure, I recommend its immediate
formation.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
The President, by an order dated the 2d of May
last, devolved upon this Department the execu-
tion of the act of 3d March, 1819, and other laws
enacted for the suppression of the African slave
trade. , .
The subject was immediately taken m hand,
under a deep sense of our obligation as a nation,
to put an end, if possible, to this odious traffic,
and with a full conviction that the power of the
Government, ill the hands of competent, honest,
and faithful officers, was adequate to the purpose.
Among other things, I caused the marshals of the
loyal Atlantic States to assemble at New * ork for
consultation, in order to insure greater concert of
action. They weie thereby afforded an oppor-
tunity of inspecting vessels fully equipped for the
African slave trade, and of seeing the arts and
