512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
can ever derive from the passage of the gentleman's
bill.
There need not be any trouble or difficulty on
this point. I do not apprehend that there would
be the least objection on the part of the great ma-
jority of those whom yon would find engaged as
employes on railroads and in connection with tel-
egraph lines, to accept the service of the Govern-
ment, to accept it willingly, willingly to place
themselves within the operations of the bill.
Mr. WADE. Will the gentleman allow me
one moment?
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. 1 have no more idea that they
v;ill resist it generally than he has; but suppose
twenty of them are willing to do it, and then you
come to a railroad that obstructs your connection,
where will you be then? As a general thing I
suppose they will comply without coercion; but
suppose one of them in the middle of your route
will not, what then >
Mr. BROWNING. Dismiss him instantly,
and get another. Never trust the safety and the
lives of our gallant soldiers who are marching to
fight the battles of the country, and defend the
country, and put down the enemies of the coun-
try, as you would intrust them by thousands, to
disloyal and disalTccted men that you have forced
into the service- of the country, when right around
you, in your very midst, are thousands as capa-
ble, ready, and willing to give their services upon
the first intimation that their services are needed.
Now, sir, where is theie in this country that you
cannot any day, and in any crowd of a thousand
men, find enough who are skilled and competent
for the management of any raihoad or any tele-
graphic line the use of which may be needed by
the Government? There is no trouble I think
on that point.
I3ut, sir, I only intended before to suggest these
amendments; and 1 rose again merely to express
my regret that a suggestion of thorn when there
seemed to be a necessity—when I felt as if it was
a duty which as a Senator I owed to tin; country
that 1 try in part to represent, when I did it merely
as a matter of duty, and kindly invited the atten-
tion of the gentleman who has the bill in charge,
to their consideration—had an effect so totally dif-
ferent from what I had anticipated.
Mr. HALE. What is the question before the
Senate, Mr. President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Summer] to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull.]
Mr. HALE. Let the amendments be read.
The Secretary read the amendments.
Mr. HALU. I am opposed to both the amend-
ments, and I ri.se here merely to say that itappears
to me gentlemen do not exactly appreciate the
condition of the eountry it', when a measure of
this sort is introduced, it is undertaken to be sub-
jected to all the cuticism which might justly he
brought to bear on an act that was calculated to
be permanent in its character and to form a rule
of conduct (oral! time to come. We are in a great
and irying emergency, and this is a war measure
for the immediate necessities of the country. I
am .sorry to say that I behe\e stringent measures
are an necessary for punishing secession and se-
cessionists in some of those parts of the country
where military law has notbeen proclaimed, where
the proclamation of the Presidenthas not declared
them to be in a state of insurrection, as in any part ;
of the country. 1 would mention the city in which
we arc now legislating as one ofthose places where
there is need, and quite as much need of stringent
measures for punishing disaffection to this Gov-
ernment as m any pat t of the thirty-four States
ot tins Union. And, sir, the same necessity exists
in some ot the States that aie called, and that are
loyal States. We present a singular anomaly to-
day, that there are spiead abroad throughout the ij
length and breadth of what we fondly call the loyal \)
States some men that are tiaitors at heart that are i'
only waiting lor ail opportunity to manifest their I
disposition. [■
It strikes me, though I do not intend to go into i
a long argument on the subject, that the second
section of the bill, m this light, is not subject to
the cnucism that has been made upon it. It is a i'
great war movement; it is a war necessity. When ji
the Government have seized a telegraph or a rail- !!
road line and put it into operation as a part of the
measures by which they are carrying on this war,
it is a war measure; and an individual, whether
belonging to the Army or not, who undertakes to
obstruct a train, though he may not be in Govern-
ment employment, a man that cuts a telegiaph
wire by which communication from the Govern-
ment to any of its subordinates is interrupted, in-
terferes with the progress of the war, and consti-
tutes a " case arising in the land or naval forces"
provided for in the Constitution, and may, there-
fore, be properly tried by court-martial.
But, sir, I am willing at this time to go a little
further. I am not going to stand here and try this
ease by pleas in abatement and pettifogging ob-
jections; I am ready to rest my action on the broad
principle of that old maxim of the Roman republic
which declared that the safety of the republic was
the supreme law. Sn,I believe that the safety
of this Republic requires to-day cncigetic, earnest,
and efficient measures; I believe that we want all
the means that we have brought into requisition,
and every possible facility given by which the
generous impulses of this nation that have been
aroused may be brought to bear efficiently on the
great cause for which they have armed themselves.
Believing that, and this being a bill emanating
from a committee eminently patriotic in their
views, in sympathy with the Government, and in
sympathy with the great purpose which has called
this people into action, I am for supporting them,
and I am not for quibbling with pleas in abate-
ment upon every clause of every biil that they
frame. I believe that if the amendments which
have been proposed to the second section of this
bill were adopted, they would, as the eloquent
Senator from Ohio has so well said, utterly emas-
culate it, and make it worthless. No, sir, you
want this remedy to be as universal as the cause
against which it is aimed; you want to be armed
with the power to punish any aggiessions against
the movements of this Government in the great
end and object for which it lives or ought to live,
and for which alone it has being to-day. You
ought to arm the Government with power to pun-
ish any aggressions upon it anywhere or every-
where, whether it is within the scat of war, or in
any other place under heaven. Then, sir, 1 hope
all these amendments will be voted down, and that
we shall in this emergency adopt the bill as it has
been reported to us by the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really think, Mr. Pies-
ident, that we are a little too anxious to legislate
upon subjects which may very well be left to what
may be called another power. The honorable
Senator from Ohio has told us that all the power
that is proposed to be given by this bill exists
now. If so, what in the world is the use of put-
ting it on the statute-book ? 1 believe it is so with
a gieat many other subjects about which Con-
gress, either in one branch or the other, has un-
dertaken to legislate; that the power, efficient and
vigorous, to remedy all the owls and reach all the
difficulties which have been considered, exists,
exists better, with greater effect, and to a greater
extent in what is called the war power, than we
can make it exist by meddling with it. I do not
apply that principle to this bill particularly,
though the Senator from Ohio has thus applied it;
but 1 speak of it as reaching to other subjects, and
especially to some of those which have been com-
mented on to-day and before this by the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky.
Now, sir, it is unquestionably true that the
power to do these things exists at the present
time. Nobody can doubt—not even my friend
from Maiyland, who says that he is appalled by
the principles enunciated by this bill—that, in a
time of war, when thu necessity exists, the Gov-
ernment may seize upon property; may seize
upon men; may seize upon anything and every-
thing which is necessary to accomplish its war
purposes. In seizing private property your au-
thorities do not stop to call a juiy to estimate its
value under that clause of the Constitution which
provides that private property shall not be taken
for public use without compensation. They take
it when the necessity arises; take the man, the
horse, the gram, the railroad, the large thing as
well as the small. There is no doubt about the
power.
If it is so, and my friend from Ohio has cor-
rectly stated it, what is this bill? It gives the
power to seize railroads, and to impress men con-
nected with railroads. So far as they are to be
impressed into the public service for anything
more than the particular occasion for which they
are needed, a law of Congress may be necessary;
but even then I doubt whether it would be right
to have a law of Congress to subject them to the
rules and articles of war. But for the immediate
occasion—and that is what'has been dwelt upon
by the honorable Senator from Ohio—for the im-
mediate necessity arising to do a particular thing
at a particular time, without delay, speedily, for-
cibly, energetically to accomplish its purposes, the
Government, under the war power, in time of
war, has all the authority that it needs without
any legislation on our part, in my judgment; and
it seems to be conceded that it is so. very well,
sir, if it is so—and I think the honorable Senator
from Ohio has correctly stated it—what is this
bill ? It is nothing more nor less than to say that
when the Government has so taken possession of
a person  
Mr. WADE. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me a word ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. I find that I did not make my-
self very well understood. 1 say the power ex-
ists in the Constitution; but I think it ought to be
declared by Congress before it is exercised; and
there is a great dispute among our best judicial
minds upon that subject. My opinion is, un-
doubtedly, that the power rests with the Execu-
tive; but I think it ought to be exercised in ac-
cordance with a law of Congress. It is one of
those dormant powers that require the action of
Congress to call them forth. That is • what I
meant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the misfortune to
differ in principle with the honorable Senator from
Ohio as to what is advisable. When it was pro-
posed, some years ago, to invest the Executive
Government with power to send vessels of war,
whenever they thought the necessity existed, to
foreign places for the purpose of punishing ag-
gressions upon our people or our commerce, I
said that I would not vest that authority in any
Government, and especially not in ours, although
it existed in otherGovcrnmcnts; because, in that
way, we might be led into infinite difficulties. I
said further, however, that, although there was
no such authority, i would justify a President in
acting; and if I should have the misfortune to be
Piesident myself, I would do it in such a case,
without waiting for Congress, or waiting for a
law. I would take the responsibility, where I
deemed it to be absolutely necessary, to exercise
that power for the good of the country, even in
time of peace with foreign nations, and rest the
consequences with the people. I would run the
risk of being impeached. But, sir, a generous
people, under such circumstances, would always
not only defend but applaud the action of the
Executive in defending the rights, the honor, and
the dignity of the country; and it would be much
better to leave it to the exercise of power in an
individual case, than to vest such a very danger-
ousauthority in the President of the United States.
This is a much better case than that. There no
power would exist; here it does exist; and it is in
the head of the Army of the United States. When
a necessity m the prosecution of the war arises
for moving troops, for doing anything of that de-
scription, the power is exercised. No command-
ing general ever stops when it is necessary to put
his tioops forward, to inquire who owns a par-
ticular horse, or what a particular man can do or
cannot do; but he takes it, and the Government
pays for it at the proper time,as it is bound to do;
it makes remuneration. That is the way war is
carried on everywhere. These rights, thus exer-
cised, arc, to be sure,dangerous. They may be
used oppressively; that arises from the imperfec-
tion of human nature, and the imperfection of all
human things; butas a matter of law, in my judg-
ment, this power is incident to the carrying on of
war always. If such is the case, is it best for us
to attempt to putall these things upon the statute-
book, to point out the particular cases, to confer
the authority? What is the result? The result
is, that when you put them on the statute-book,
the commanding general or the Commander-in-
Chief examines the law, and if there is a thing not
provided for, he says, as he did in another case,
" Congress has legislated on this subject; I will
go just so far as it has legislated, but no further."
