1862.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2495
States has itself inaugurated that policy. The
question now is, whether it is disposed to carry
it out. It is for Congress to determine that.
Why there should be any opposition to the
amendment of the Senate is to me a mystery. I
do not understand it, I cannot compiehend it.
The Indian department urges it upon Congress;
we certainly cannot hold that department respons-
ible for the intercourse between the whites and
Indians, unless some respect and consideration
be paid to their recommendation. The objection
cannot be, certainly, to the amount appropriated
in this amendment, for I suppose that if that was
the Only objection, the Committee of Ways and
Means would have recommended a reduction of
the amount. Instead of doing so, however, the
Committee of Ways and Means lias recommended
a non-concurrence in the amendment, showing
that that committee, at least, is hostile to any ap-
propriation for the purpose of negotiating a treaty
under existing circumstances. If the Committee
of Ways and Means had only informed us of their
reasons for arriving at this conclusion, we might
have bee nable to have met them; but they have not
given us the benefit of their reasons. It is conse-
quently impossible to meet their objections in
argument.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I trust and
hope that this House will not concur in the rec-
ommendation made by the Committee of Ways
and Means. The people of the Pacific coast, n tid
the Indians themselves, ask that this appropria-
tion be made, so that there may be some under-
standing between themselves and the Government,
as to the legal right of whites to go on these,
lands.
It is idle, Mr. Speaker, to suppose that adven-
turous men can be kept off land so rich in gold as
this is, wheie men ate making from one hundred
to one thousand dollars, and in some instances
two thousand dollars a day per hand. It cannot
be done. Were you to legislate from now till
eternity, it could not be done. The people there
are governed by the same great law of self-interest
that governs the whole human family. They are
not an exception to that rule. If the land of these
Indian tribes is not to be trespassed upon, why
does not the Committee of Ways and Means re-
port a proposition to put a stop to the immense
emigration now on its way to that country? It is
"not alone citizens of the State of Oregon and of
the Territory of Washington, but constituents
of every gentleman on this floor, that are repre-
sented in this emigration. Why is it not checked
at once? Why is not a policy inaugurated and
enforced to prevent emigration to that distant coun-
try? With all these facts staring us :n the face,
it was but reasonable to suppose that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in reporting against
the Senate's amendment, would at least have made
some suggestion to have met the difficulty. This
it has not done. I ask this in the name of the peo-
ple of Washington Territory, in the name of the
people of Oregon, and in the name of the Indians
themselves.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment of the Senate, making an appropriation of
$50,000 for the purpose of negotiating a treaty
with the Nez Perce Indians, has attracted^some-
what the attention of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. There are two questions arising in regard
to this matte*. The first is, whether it is desn able
to make any appropriation to icmove these Indians
from the territory now occupied by them, and to
locate them in a place more favorable to them and
to the country. I am satisfied that they are being
overrun by the white people of the counuy, on
account of the valuable mineral lands which they
occupy. I have no doubt that the numbei of em-
igiants there is increasing monthly and daiiy. I
think that the rights of the Indians and the peace
of the Indians will be sacrificed in the scramble,
as they always have been where the white man
has invaded the territory of that unfoi tunate race.
But, sir, from the information communicated to
us, I am inclined to believe that the sum is alto-
gether too Lin>e for the purpose contemplated
That purpose is simply to negotiate a tivaty with
these Indians. It is not to purchase the temtoiy
which they occupy; it is not to defray the ex-
penses of their lemoval; it is not to indemnity
them for any losses they may sustain; it is simply
to negotiate a treaty with them. _
Mr* WALLACE, of Washington. In making
treaties with Indian tribes heretofore, and I sup-
pose that the same policy will be adopted hereafter,
it has been the practice to subsist the whole tribe,
men, women, and children,during the time of the
negotiation of the treaty—to subsist them at the
expense of the United States. Thisappropriation
is $50,000, and the number of Indians to be sub-
sisted is six thousand. Now, when you take into
consideration the expenses of living in that coun-
try at this time, it will be seen that this will not
be a sufficient sum for the purpose proposed. I
will not state the expenses of living on that coast
at this time, but they are nowhere there less than
§2 50 a day. Beef is three dollars a pound, and
other articles of food are at the same rate. Look-
ing to the cost of the articles which wc must fur-
nish these Indians, gentlemen who know anything
of this matter must see that this sum will not be
sufficient.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I was re-
marking on the second question, and that is as to
the amount of appropriation. Having conceded,
for the purpose of disposing of this amendment,
that some amount of expenditure is proper on the
part of the United States in order to procure the
removal of these Indians, the question remains, is
this appropriation of $50,000 necessary to pay
for the negotiation of the proposed treaty, and for
nothing more? It is conceded on the part of the
gentleman from Washington Territory, who has
had an opportunity to reply, that this sum of
$50,000 is for that purpose, and that purpose
alone. He says that it is necessary to congre-
gate the whole tribe in order to make this treaty
' with them. Admit this, and then the question is
as to the number of these Indians. There is some
difference of opinion, or rather a difference of in-
foiillation on that point. I do not say which is
| the tiue statement of the fact; but I understand
i that they are numbered at between three tliou-
! sand and six thousand Some gentlemen who
undei take to have knowledge on the subject state
that the number of these Indians is notoverthiee
thousand. I do not express an opinion how this
may be. The expense will also depend upon the
extent of territory over which they are spread.
| If there are only three or four thousand of them,
| what extent of territory will they covet ? This
j the House will be able to estimate, although it
j may not be conclusive. But take the facts. If it
I is to provide only for congregating them, and pro-
; viding subsistence for them temporarily, if these
I Indians, as has been stated, are peaceable, and
: have always been in amity with the United States,
if they are interested in making tins treaty, and
in the ptoposed icmoval, then, considering the
small number of Indians, and no more extended
! than they are, together with their peaceful char-
acter. is it not extraordinary that the sum of
' $50,000 should be required to pay for what is
stated to be the object for which it is asked, sim-
ply the expenses of negotiating a treaty?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Task the gentleman
from New Hampshire to yield to me the floor, for
the puipose of moving that the further consider-
ation of this bill may be postponed, m order that
we mav have the amendments of the Senate
printed.
Mr. EDWARDS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move, then, that
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian ap-
propiiation bill be punted, and that the furthei
consideration of the amendments be postponed
until to-moriow.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a special order to-
morrow, and it is necessary that this subject
should be disposed of at once.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I am willing to post-
II pone the subject to any day which may suit the
i gentleman from Pennsylvania.
i Mr. STEVENS. I would like to ask the gen-
1 tleniau fiom New York whether he really desires
! this posfpom ment for the purpose of examining
'! the amendments of the Senate ?
; Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I make this motion
| not only for myself but for many members who
I sit around me, who are unable to undeistand the
: discussion which has been going on, because the
amendments of the Senate have not been printed.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from New
Yoik,and other members, desire the postpone-
ment for the puipose of looking into llic amend-
ments, and giving them intelligent consideration,
1 svill not object to the postponement. But I sug-
gest that the postponement be made until Thurs-
day next, instead of to-morrow.
Mr, F. A. CONKLING. 1 accept the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and I
move, first, that the amendments of the Senate be
printed, and, in the second place, that the further
considciation of the subject be postponed until
Thursday next.
The amendments of the Senate were ordered to
be printed, and then the further consideration of
the subject was postponed until Thursday next.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of the States for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference.
GOVERNOR OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a resolu-
tion. It is the first resolution which I have sub-
mitted during this session, and I hope that no
objection will be interposed.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
read, considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, Tli.it the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to tins Uou«e—1 What powers '
have been conferred upon Hop. Edward Stanly, as mili-
tary Governor of Nortli Carolina, or a< the agent oi the Gov-
et mnent in paid State under the appointment of the Presi-
dent. 2 Whether the said Edward Stanly has interfered
to prevent the education of children, white or black, in said
State ; and if >>o, by what au.homy, if any. 3. If the SMiid
Edvvaid Stanly has. been instructed by the Government to
prevent bueh education, to what extent and for what pur-
pose vveie hucli nistiuctions given.
MEMORIAL OF VIRGINIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present the proceedings
of the Virginia Legislature in relation to the pio-
posed new State, and before they are read by the
Clerk 1 desiie the attention of the House while I
make a few remarks by way of explanation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I object, and
call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The States will be called for
the intioduction of bills and joint resolutions for
reference.
GltANT OF LAND TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced a bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the construction of a
railroad from a point on Lake Superior, in Min-
nesota, to a point oil the Mississippi river, be-
tween the falls of St. Anthony and the Sauk rapids;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
RELOCATION OF A RAILROAD.
Mr. ALDRICH also introduced a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the State of Minnesota to relo-
cate a certain railroad, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
fen cil to the Committee on Public Lands.
LANNIWA.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a hill to
pi ovule a territorial government for the Territory
of Lanniwa, and to move that the bill be referred
to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY. That bill ought to be referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. ALDRICH. It is only m reference to the '
propriety of organizing a territorial government
m the Indian tenitory, and I think that it ought
tube 1-efeired to the Committee on Indian Allan's.
Mr. ASHLEY. The bill ought, properly, to
be referred to the Committee on Territories, and
I make that motion. .
The bill was read a first anil second time, ana
referred to the Committee on Territories.
FREE PH11SONS.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill to prohibit the
reduction of free persons to the condition of sla-
very; which was read afirstand second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
GRANT OF LANDS TO DAKOTA.
Mr. GRANGER introduced a bill graining
public lands to the Territory of Dakota, to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said Territory;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
