THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
Sir, you had better leave these matters to the
discretion of the Commander-in-Chief of your
Army, or of the commandmggcneral m the field.
He can do by the laws of war all that is essential
in all these cases. That is my opinion. If that
opinion is a corrcct one what docs this bill amount
to? It amounts simply to providing a penaltyfor
disobedience; that is to say, it provides that the
man who hesitates in such a case, the man who
is impressed into service, not one who voluntanly
signs your articles of war, shall be shot if he un-
dertakes to disobey. I think that is giving a very
dangerous power. To give such a power over
human life in the heat of blood and overmen who
aie not in the military service, looks to me to be
going a very considerable distance—further than
1 feel disposed to go, unless m case of actual ne-
cessity.
If you mean only to give power to impress a
certain class of your fellow-citizens, under a given
state of facts, into the military service of the coun-
try, I am willing to do it if it is iccommcnded by
the proper authorities, and it is thought advisable
that it should be done by general law, instead of
leaving the power to be exercised in each case
where an emergency may present itself. We have
just as much right to consider men who are em-
ployed for the purposes of this bill, in the military
service, as to provide that men shall be drafted
for our armies. That is a power that exists in the
Government, undoubtedly. It is within the war-
making power; and if that is the design, I do not
know that I have any objection so far as that point
goes. If the committee, who have all this matter
under consideration, should think it advisable to
impress all these employes, on a given occasion,
into the service of the Government,and make them
act under military rules, and subject them to the
rules and articles of war, I have no objection to
following their advice on that subject; but there
is a vast deal in the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Crowning,] that if
you take into your service, by force, to conduct
your railroad trains, men who are unwilling and
unfaithful, you run a very great risk. It is much
better that you should have willing servants where
so vast an amount of life and of property is de-
pendent upon thefaithful execution of their duties.
Still, I would vote for it, if the committee thought
it advisabh ; but as to the second section of the
bill as it at present reads, I certainly cannot give
it my vote. Just look at it, and see what the power
is that it confers. It is simply this: that if', after
a railroad tram is taken possession of, any per-
son living in the neighborhood, it maybe m a
perfectly peaceful country m the State of Penn-
sylvania or m the State of Massachusetts, shall
undertake to interfere with the operations of that
rail load in any way, he shall be subject to the i ules
and articles of war and shot, although he lives
where he may be legularly tued by a civil tribu-
nal according to law. That single point, suggested
by the honoiable Senator from Kentucky, was the
commencement of this debate, and it stands tIk re
now. Just look at us operations.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
calls a constitutional objection nothing but a plea
in abatement; he says that he js not in lavor uf
pleas in abatement. The objection that you vio-
late the Constitution by shooting a citizen undo the
sentence of adium-hcad court-martial, amounts
in my judgment to a little more than that. Sup-
pose a railroad tram, and all the company's em-
ployes, should !""> taken possession of m the State
of New Hampshire by the Government to convey
a regiment to us destination, to another point, and
somebody in the neighborhood who has not ber-m
seized should undertake to make any difficulty—
I do not mean by placing an obstruction on the
road, for, perhaps, whoever would do that ought
to be shot without judge or jury—should resist;
should express disloyal sentiment?, or should in-
terfere i>) any wey, (1 believe that is the language
of rhe bill,) the commander of that regiment who
has seized the raihoad tram may just take that
man, try him by a drum-head court-martial, and
shoot him. Is there any necessity for a law of
33
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1862.
that kind? It is very easy for us to talk about
this being a time of war, and to say that gentle-
men raise petty objections, and present pleas in
abatement, and all that sort of thing. Sir, the
time has not come; the time never will come, I
trust in God, when a bill is proposed for my ac-
tion, and it is clear to my mind that it is uncon-
stitutional on the face of it, that I shall turn it off
as a plea in abatement; as a trifle not worth con-
sidering, because it is a time of war. Sir, our
Government will not be worth a rush if it be
saved, if you establish such principles even in
time of war. "We are contending, fighting to re-
store the Constitution and the laws of the coun-
try. Let us be careful not to violate them our-
selves. For that reason it is that I say I do not
wish to raise dangerous questions with respcct to
the war power by legislation. Let me tell gen-
tlemen that the more of them we raise, the more
difficulties we get into under the Constitution of
the United States. The more we attempt to legis-
late under the war power, as it is called, the more
we involve ourselves in confusion inextricable,
because the line is so very indistinct that it is dif-
ficult to tell on which side is the right and on which
side is the wrong. Let us confine ourselves to
proper subjects of legislation, those that are cleaily
within our constitutional competency, and leave
the war power in its wonted and full force to be
wielded by him who has a right to wield it—the
President of the United States, and by command-
ing generals in the field. Let mc tell the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky that his notion of
martial law never will do m practice. By pursu-
ing the course I have just suggested, we avoid all
these questions; we avoid all these precedents; and
we leave the war to be conducted as my honorable
fiiend from Ohio desiies to conduct it, on proper
principles, and with all the force which can be
brought to bear. I am willing to vote for the bill
with the second section stricken out or properly
modified; but as it is, I cannot vote for it.
Mr. WADE. Iam greatly surprised, sir, to
find how much the Senator from Maine and my-
self differ upon tins constitutional question. 1 am
about as much amazed at his exposition of the
Constitution as the Senator from Maryland was
at the power eon lei red upon ihe Pt e&idcnt by t his
bill. I supposed that Congress had power to make
war, not the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let mo correct my friend.
Confess has power "to declare war."
Mr. WADE. Yes, Congiess has powcrto de-
clare war; but when it is once declared, or when
it exists without being declared, (which isamore
common case than the olhci,) the Senator seems
to suppose that Congress have no other power or
duty to perfoim except to furnish men and money
fot conducting that war. Is that the idea of the
Senator? Do'the representatives of the people in
Congress lose all their power to control thea:tion
of the war, and to lay down the principles upon
which it shall be conduct) d? He says that every
attempt to exercise any power m Congress after
war is declined will lead to great difficulties. Then
the simple way is to declare your President a dic-
tator, and make him a tyiant bestriding (lie Gov-
ernment with unlimited sway, unrestricted by
Congress in any parueulai. Then our duty would
be a very easy matter. It would leave Congress
with a very simple duty, and that is to provide
men and money, and not to criticise or lay down
rules upon which your chiefs shall act.
Sir, I disagree with the Senator in construing
the Constitution. If I undei stand him, the prin-
ciples which he has just announced would make
this Government an irresponsible despotism the
very moment that war was declared,and Congress
would lose all its power. I said befoio that the
Constitution had conferied upon Congress the
power to dt clare war and to regulate the rules and
principles upon which it should be conducted; but
1 did not intend m the ft. w renin; ks which I made
before to say that it was unnecessary to legislate
to regulate the power of the President. I do not
! believe that your President can stir hand or foot
, until you have pi escribed the rules on winch he
New Series No. 33.
is to go. ^ We have the right, and it is our duty,
to prescribe the rules upon which war shall not
only be declared, but upon which it shall be pre-
scribed, for so is your Constitution. I admit that
there is a dormant power resting in your Execu-
tive uncalled forth, and which cannot be called
forth m war except by Congress. The repre-
sentatives of the people, clothed with all power,
have a right to say precisely upon what principles
that war shall be conducted from the beginning
to the end.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not deny it. You
are putting up a man of straw and knocking him
down.
Mr. WADE. I understood that to be the man
I was knocking down, [pointing to Mr. Fessen-
den,] for I understood that he was laying down
these very principles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. WADE. Then I have no controversy with
the Senator. I understood him to declare that
whenever we undertake to interfere with what he
proclaimed to be the principles upon which the
Executive might act, and ought to act, we were
really doing that which was none of our business,
and which had better be left with him, and that
any attempt on our part to regulate it only led us
into difficulties and troubles. The Senator de-
clared that the war power was vested in the Pres-
ident. There is no such power as that in the
President. It is in the Congress—in the repre-
sentatives of the people and of the States. To
place it anywhere else would lead you directly to
an irresponsible despotism. Sir, as a represen-
tative of a State of tins Union, I never will con-
sent to yield my right to declare upon this floor
upon what pi inciples any war shall be conducted.
I deny the right of the President, without any in-
terference of Congress, to conduct everything per-
taining to war according to his own views. Pie
has no right to do it. We have seen the trouble
that has been occasioncd by an attempt to exer-
cise a power that he probably has, in a way not
regulated by law, and it has greatly impaired his
authority, if not his good name abroad. Look at
the complaints against him because he has under-
taken to suspend the habeas corpus, a power not
regulated by law. Ought not that power to be
regulated by law like every other? Would it not
be better for your Executive that it should be so ?
Ought we, the representatives of the people and
of the States, to shrink from declaring upon what
principles men may be deprived of their liberty?
I do not say this m any sense of denunciation
against what has been done, because there has
been a necessity for it. We create and continue
that necessity eveiy hour that we fail to declare
on what principles a man may be taken nnd de-
pi ived of hirf liberty.
So far fi om agreeing with mv friend from Maine
upon these points, I take exactly the opposite po-
sition. I justify the President in all that he has
done, because he acted from an overruling; neces-
sity; but, sir, we should be untrue to the trust
which has been committed to us if we fail before
this session is over to declare precisely upon what
punciplcs any man may be at rested upon suspi-
cion and impiisoned, and when he may be dis-
charged.
It is just so with this war power. It devolves
on us to say when the President may seize pri-
vate propeityand subject it to public use; it de-
volves on us to say wtiat shall be the exigency
that will justify him in proclaiming maitial law.
The gentleman says that if he were President he
would seize upon it, he would usurp the power,
and trust to a generous people to justify him. That
is veiy well when theie is a necessity for it; but
if there is no such necessity there is no justifica-
tion. Now, sir, J am a^ anxious as any other man
tn defend the rights of the people, and to confcr
the proper authority upon the Executive to act;
but I absolutely deny that without our assent he
may cxercise just what powers he pleases in re-
spect to the conduct of this war. We, the repre-
sentatives of the States and the representatives of
the people, whose interests and whose persons
