1536
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4.
* Mr.-BtA.lR, of Pennsylvania. I move to
dittgtfd- tVte eighth section by inserting, after the
word '4 to," in the eleventh line, the words " and
signed by such person;" so that it will read:
•jfhat if any person owning possessing, or having the care
or'manajzement of property, goods, wares, ana merchan-
dise, articles or objects liable to pay any duly, tux, or h-
eenset shall not be prepared to exhibit a written list when
required, as aforesaid, and shall eonsent to disclose the par-
ticulars ot any and ail the property, goods, wares, and mer-
eftatttfise, af-tieles and objects liable to pay any duty or tax, I
orshy busHies-g or-oeeupation liable to pay any Uccnse, as
aforesaid, then, and in that case, it shall be the duty of the
officer to make tueh list, which, being distinctly read and
consented to, and signed by such person, shall be received
as the list of such person.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BABBITT. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If gentlemen
will have & little patience we can get through with
the bill to-day.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the committee to go back to sec-
tion one hundred and five.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to strike
out the words " being within the United States;"
the section will then read:
That any p^rsoh or persons having in charge or trust, as
administrator, exectuois, or tiu^tee? of any legacies or dis-
tributive shares ailsmg from personal property, of any kind
whatsoever, where the whole amount of «.uch pei&onal
property, as aforesaid^ shall exceed the sumot $1,000 in act-
ual value, passing tiom any person who may die alVr the
passage of this act possessed of such propei ty, either by
will or by the intestate Jaws of any State, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAW. I ask the consent of the commit-
tee to go back to section twenty, for the purpose
of offering an amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. LAW. The section is in relation to dis-
traints. As it now stands, the notice is to be pub-
lished in some newspaper within the district.
There may be three or four counties in a district,
and the person whose pioporty is to be distrained
may never see the notice. I move to insert, after
the word "the," in line thirty-four, the words
" county wherein the distraint is made if there is
a newspaper published in said county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the consent of the
committee to go back to section seventy-eight,
that I may offer this amendment: m line seven,
after the word " railroads," add the following
proviso:
Prouirfed, That there shall not be more than sixty cents
paid upon the travel of any passenger for a <*ingie trip.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to that.
Mr. MOORHEAD. it is a discrimination
against our railroads, and in favor of Canadian
railroads.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the consent of the House
to go back to page 61, that I may offer an amend-
ment in relation to the tax upon harness leather.
The Committee of Ways and Means have made
a mistake in proposing a tax upon harness leather
of one and a naif cents per pound, when it should
be the same as the tax upon sole leather—three
quarters of one per cent.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to going back to that
section.
The Clerk then read the one hundred and sev-
enth section of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 107. Jlndhcit further cnactcd, That on and after the
1st day of May next there shall bo levied, collected, and
paid on all sa!atie«of officer**, or payments to peij-on<- in tin:
civil, military, naval, or oilier employment or sei vice of the
*v ' " " " fck'natois and Mcmbots of Con-
United States, including
gress, when exceeding the rate ot $600, a duty of three per
cent, on the cxeeas abo\ e the said .<'G0U; and it:>h;iil bo the
duty of all paymaster and all di*-bur*>itig oiheeK under the
Govemmcntot'theUiuted Prate*,orin the employ tiieieof,
When making any payments toorhcei-, and pei^ons. as afore-
said, or upon settling and adjusting the accounts of >uch
officers and persons, to deduet and withhold the aiotevud
duty of tluee per cent., and shall at the yimc tune make a
certificate stating the name of the officer or person from
whom such deduction waa made, and the amount theieof,
which shall be tiatiMmtted to the office of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and enteicd as part of the in-
ternal duties; and fhe paj-ioU, iceeipN, or account ol offi-
cers or per>oir- p.ijm  fitchdut>,a^uiotesaid,shall be made
to exhibit the fact of sujmi payment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to insert,after the
words "six hundred dollars," in the sixth line,
e words " per annum."
The amendment -was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I move to strike out the words
including Senators and members of Congress."
I offer the amendment, because I consider those
words surplusage, and because, moreover, it is
improper that Senators and members of Congress
should be distinguished in this way. No other
officers arc mentioned in this section, and it seems
to me that members of Congress are certainly in-
cluded in the phrase " persons in the civil, mili-
tary, naval, or other employment or serviceofthe
United States." I do not want any distinction of
this kind made; it is aristocratic and improper.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before the question
is taken on striking out, 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means to the
language of the fifth line," Senators and Members
ofCongress." Itis the first time 1 ever knew tech-
nically that a Senator was not a member of Con-
gress. The words " members ofCongress" apply
to both branches, to Senators and Representatives
in Congress. I would remind the committee that
there was a contested-election case from the State
of New York, in which there was some difficulty
growing out of the use of these very words in an
election for Representative in Congress. 1 move
to sti ike out the words " members of " and insert
" Representatives in."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Potter's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to insert, after the
words " Representatives in Congress," the words
" and Delegates." Delegates—persons repieseut-
iug Territories here—are not Representatives in
Cong less.
Mr. D1VEN. I desire to inquire of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means if it is their intention
to tax members of Congress twice? They tax
them on their income three per cent.; do they, in
addition to that, design to tax them on their sal-
aries ?
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out
'• next," m the second line, and to insert " 1863."
I think that will make this section in accordance |
with amendments heretofore adopted in the sec-
tion in reference to the income tax. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. X hope that j
amendment will not prevail.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
50, noes 3'1: no quorum voting. |
Mr. WASIIHURNE. I move that the com- :
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to. ]
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having j
resumed the chair, Mr. Coi.fax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide internal
levcnue to suppoit the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the tax bill and
tin1 amendments, so far as the Committee of the
Whole has proceeded with it, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ob-
serve, m looking over the report of the debate of
yesterday in to-day's Globe, that I am reported
as answering a question put to me by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] in
precisely the opposite way to that in which I did
answer it, or intended to answer it. The question
asked me by the gentleman from New York was
tilts;
" l)ol uiiflei-aand the gentleman fiom Missouri to assume
in til.-, piopu-ition that the Pie>!ilent has now the power,
mulct these .ut<< ies ol war. to assign an officei In a depart-
ment to thij command or that department, as against an of-
licei of the same lank, but of greater seniority in commis-
sion f
I am reported as having replied, "certainly he
has." My reply was that certainly he had not.
The repoiters generally make me much better
speeches than I'makc on the floor, but in this in-
stance they misundeistood me.
ENROLLED IrOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled, a joint resolution
(S. No. 68) to authorize the President to assign
the command of troops in the same field or de-
partment to officers of the same grade without
regard to seniority; when the Speaker signed the
same.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(atfive minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 4, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. HALE. I wish to make.a slight correc-
tion in the Journal. A motion which I made to
print certain papers is entered as adopted; but the
fact is, that it was referred to the Committee on
Printing. It was a motion to print the report of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in
compliance with the resolution of the Senate of
the 27th of March, information in relation to the
slave bark Augusta. The motion to print was
referred to the Committee on Printing. It is a
slight correction; but I think the Journal ought
to be corrected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That correc-
tion will be made.
BRANCH POST OFFICES IN CITIES.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, if I can
have the indulgence of the Senate for a few mo-
ments, there is a little House bill which has been
lyinshere for some time, which is wanted by the
Post"Office Department, that 1 desire to have con-
sidered and passed. It is House bill No. 118.
I think it will occupy no time. There is but one
amendment reported by the committee, which I
can explain in a moment.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
118) to authorize the'Postmaster General to estab-
lish branch post offices in cities, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the Postmastei General may, when, in his judg-
ment, the public interest or convenience may re-
quire it, establish one or more branch post offices,
to facilitate the operation of the post office i(n any
city or place which, in his opinion, may require
such additional accommodations for the conven-
ience of the inhabitants; and it is to be the duty of
the Postmaster General to prescribe the rules and
regulations for the branch post office which may
be thus established. He is also authorized to
charge one cent, in addition to the regular postage,
for every letter deposited in any branch post office
to be forwarded by mail from the principal office,
and which is to be prepaid by stamp, and one cent
for every letter delivered at such branch office, to
be paid on delivery; but no letter is to be sent
from the principal office to a branch office for de-
livery, except by request of the party to whom
it may be addressed; and the expense ofthe branch
service is not to exceed the receipts on account
thereof. The bill also repeals the tenth section
of "An act to establish ceitain post routes, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 1847.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment in line
nineteen of the first section to strike out the words
"except by," and insert " contrary to the;" so
that the proviso will read:
Pioi-ticd, That no letter shall be sent nom the principal
ofiiee to Mich branch offiee fot delivery, eontraiy to the
request of the p«uty to whom the same may be addressed.
Mr. COLLAMER. If gentlemen desire any
explanation of that amendment, 1 can give it very
briefly. By law now the postmasters of citics send
out and distribute letters by messengers, who de-
liver them personally to the people, unless they
order otherwise. If any man desires to receive
his letters at the post office, he directs that they
i shall not be sent by the earners. This bill has
been sent from the flouse of Representatives pro-
viding that these branch offices shall be used in-
stead of having the letters sent out by the carriers.
Letters arc to be sent to the branch offices in dif-
ferent parts of the city from the principal office,
and they are to deliver them within ccitam limits.
The committee were of opinion that that ought to
be put on the same footing. The bill was drawn
