2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
of {be Hijuse to consider this bill more fully than
it:has yet been considered, and more fully than
opportunity can be afforded to the House to con-
sider it under the manifest intention of the gentle-
man fror^ Maine to move the previous question.
Mr. PIKE. Has the gentleman ever been in
that section of country?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I have not, but I
.have known a good deal of land operations in that
section of the State of Maine.
Mr. WALTON. Allow me to say a word in
reference to this point of the value of the lands.
Mr. Towle, the agent of the Senate, visited this
section of the country in person, and he reports
all thefacts in this case, including the value of the
lands. The lands were improved lands, and Mr.
Towle reported that their value was within a frac-
tion of eight dollars per acre. The bill allows
only four dollars per acre.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING-. Will the gentleman
state how Mr. Towle made that report?
Mr. WALTON. Upon personal inspection,
and taking testimony upon the spot as to the value
of the lands. The value of the timber taken from
the lands is fixed in this bill at fifty per cent, less
than the value proved by witnesses as Reported by
Mr. Towle.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is it in order to move
that the bill be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. Not without the consent of
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] who is
entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would like to have the
privilege'of propounding a question to the gentle
man from Maine.
Mr. PIKE. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I, sir, have some recol-
lection of this Maine and Massachusetts transac-
action, during the time the Ashburton treaty was
under consideration. I have not had time to turn
my attention to the records, which, I think, have
not been looked into, in regard to this case. My
recollection is, that pending the negotiation of that
treaty, there were commissioners appointed by the
State of Massachusetts and the State of Maine,
whose consent it was thought that the United
States should obtain in adopting a compromise
boundary. My recollection is, that in the arrange-
ments then made by the Government of the Uni-
ted States with those commissioners, there was a
sum of money granted to them to be applied by
them to the indemnification of the citizens of the
respective States for any losses which they might
sustain in consequence of that treaty. I do not
recollect the amount, but it was a pretty large
amount, and it strikes me that these claims fall
within that provision. If citizens have lost money,
the States of Maine and Massachusetts have re-
ceived from the United States a fund to meet those
losses. I want time to look into this matter.
Mr. WALTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is nearly right in his recollection of the facts.
It is true that the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts were invited to appear here by commission-
ers and represent their interests. It is also true
that the consent of those States was given to the
treaty before its ratification.
Now, the facts are, that in the settlement of this
border line, which was purely a conventional line,
the United States received from Great Britain more
than four mill ions of acres of land, embracing seven
thousand square miles. The benefits of thatland
inured, as Mr. Webster stated, partly to the States
of New Hampshire, Vermont, arid New York,
but mainly to the United States. The price which
wepaidforthesefourmillion acres was three mil-
lion two hundred thousand acres of land that be-
longed to Maine and Massachusetts, and which, so
far as the United States were concerned, was purely
private property. For this land the United States
engaged to pay, and did pay, to the States of Mas-
sachusetts and Maine $300,000—that is to say,
$150,000 to each. Three hundred thousand dol-
lars for three million acres of land. That was the
price. When that bargain was presented to the
commissioners for the State of Maine, they re-
fused their assent to it, objecting to the price as
inadequate. They would not assent to it except
on three express conditions. One of these con-
ditions was, that the United States should engage
to quiet the titles of settlers on the lands. In con-
sequence of the terms imposed by the State of
Maine, the fourth article of the treaty was insert-
ed. By that article the United States have taken
private property; and this claim comes in under
that article. The only question now for us to de-
cide is, whether we will pay for the private prop-
erty thus taken. This bill has passed the Senate
several times by a unanimous vote, after full ex-
amination; and it has also received a large vote in
this House in its favor, but did not receive a two-
thirds vote which was necessary to take it out of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. WALTON. Certainly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. You spoke of the condi-
tions on which the State of Maine consented to the
treaty.
Mr. WALTON. I did.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is there any record in
writing showing that such were the conditions?
Mr. WALTON. There is. It is in the corre-
spondence published. I have it before me now, and
if the gentleman wishes, I will read it.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire to know how it is
that this matter has hung;for the last twenty years,
if the claim is a proper one ? I also desire to know,
how these gentlemen lost their titles ? Change of
jurisdiction does not change titles.
Mr. PIKE. 1 will answer the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. This township of Plymouth has
not changed jurisdiction, it is still within our ju-
risdiction; but during the pendency of the troubles
it was a part of the disputed territory. Persons
on that disputed territory received their title by
virtue of the fourth article of the treaty. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] referred
to negotiations made by our commissioners at a
period anterior to the adoption of the treaty. The
fourth article of the treaty provides for the pay-
ment of these very claims.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
state that point a little more fully in answer to the
question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
These parties held a valid title to their property
under the State of Massachusetts in 1802, then
representing, of course, the interest of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts and Maine. That
title would be perfectly good to-day were it notfor
the operation of the treaty, because these lands,
even under the conventional line, were within any
line claimed by the United States. But it was
provided under the treaty that those persons who,
during the permitted jurisdiction of New Bruns-
wick, occupied these lands, should be confirmed
m their titles. The result of the operation of this
treaty on these lands is to divest their occupants
of the good titles acquired under the original grant
from the State of Massachusetts. It therefore
seems to me to be obviously just that the United
States, even if there had been no special agree-
ment, should pay for the land taken by a treaty
which became the supremo law of the land.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. The question
which I desire to ask is, whether these claimants
ever appeared before the Legislature of the State
of Massachusetts claiming indemnity?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I am not
aware. I do not know why they should.
Mr. PIKE. I think they did not. 1 move the
previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the House to per-
mit me to make a motion to postpone this bill until
I can examine it, and refresh my memory as to
this transaction.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order during the
pendency of the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I know it is not.
Mr. PIKE. I should be very glad to yield to
the gentleman's request, but I have been trying
for two months to get this bill before the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Yes; and you havegotit
up now at a time when you should not. There
is not a quorum present.
Mr. WALTON called for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, of
Massachusetts, and Morrill, of Maine, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 58, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRIS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following-named
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Burnham, Campbell, Cobb,
Conway, Corning, Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler, Dawes, Del-
ano, Delaplaine, Eliot, English, Fenton, Fonke, Franchot,
Prank, Gurley, Haiglit, Hall, Hickman, Jackson, Johnson,
Kerrigan, Killinger, Lazuar, Lehman. Logan, McKean,
McKnight, Marston, May, Maynard, Moorliead, Nixon,
Noble, Odell, Olin, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, Potter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Richardson, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Segar, Sherman, Shiel, Smith, Spaulding, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stratton, Train, Vallandighain, Vandever,
Van Horn, Van Wyek, Veriee, Wall, Ward, Wheeler, Chit-
tun A. White, and Wood.
Mr. COX. I move to dispense with all fur-
ther proceedings under the call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The list of absen tees was called, and the Speaker
directed the Doorkeeper to close the doors.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to inquire of
the Chair how many members have answered to
their names.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and seven mem-
bers have answered to their names.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is that a quorum?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to dispense with
all further proceedings under the callof the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and reada third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECOGNITION OF HAYTI AND LIBERIA.
Mr. GOOCH. I move that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 184, authorizing
the President of the United States to appoint dip-
lomatic representatives to the republics of Hayti
and Liberia, respectively.
Mr. COX. I hope my friend will not press
that motion at this time.
Mr. GOOCH. If there be objection, I move
that the rules be suspended, in order to get the
subject before the House at this time.
On a division, there were—ayes 59, noes 25; no
quorum voting.
Mr. GOOCH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gooch and
Cox were appointed.
The rules were suspended, the tellers having
reported—ayes 62, noes 30; (two thirds voting in
favor thereof.)
Mr. GOOCH. This bill, Mr. Speaker, provides
for the recognition bythis Governmentof the in-
dependence of Hayti and Liberia, and the estab-
lishment of diplomatic relations with them.
Hayti has been an independent Government-
since 1804, and Liberia since 1847. Hayti was
the first to follow the example of the United States
and declare her independence of European control,
and her ability to govern herself. Liberia was
peopled by persons sent out from this country by
the Colonization Society,a society formed,as was
alleged by its founders, for the twofold purpose
of " removing gradually and imperceptibly, but
certainly, the whole colored population from this
country, leaving its place to be imperceptibly sup-
plied, as it would necessarily be, by free white
laborers," and at the^same time " giving to Africa
the benefit of the return of her sons to her bosom,
bearing with them arts, knowledge, and civiliza-
tion, to which she had hitherto been a stranger,"
and always regarded by this Government with
especial favor, and sustained and encouraged by
good men from all parts of the country. As Hayti
was identified with us in demonstrating that man is
capable of self-government, and the new continent
by right independentof the control of theo!d,and
Liberia was a colony of our own planting, over
which we did not desire to exercise jurisdiction,
it would have been natural that this Government
should have been the first to recognize the inde-
pendence of these two republics, and to extend to
