1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
the Government in any of its Departments, when
a" public creditor, instead of taking the money
from the disbursing officer, takes the check or draft
of that disbursing officer upon a distant depos-
itory, and receipts for that as money, that the
Government should stand security for it. I think
it would bean unsound and unsafe principle to be
introduced generally.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator from New
Hampshire will permit me to state that there was
no other way by which he could be paid. The
law makes it obligatory upon a disbursing officer
to keep his funds in a public depository. He is
not allowed to keep them in his own possession
or in a private banking institution. He is com-
pelled to keep them at the Government deposi-
tory, and he js furnished by the Government with
a check-book, and he dtaws his checks upon the
funds there on deposit. This paymaster had
money deposited at the sub-Treasury, and he had
drawn his check in payment of Colonel Ruff's two
months' services, but between the time the checks
were drawn and presented at the sub-Treasury,
Hill had withdrawn all his funds there; and now
the question is merely whethei Colonel Ruff shall
be deprived of the pay duo to him as an officer of
the Army on account of the fraudulent transac-
tions of one of the Government agents, a paymas-
ter in the Army, who has since seceded, and who
perhaps at the time he drew the checks intended
to secede and go to the southern confederacy.
That is substantially the whole case.
Mr. HALE. I remarked before that I thought
the equities of this case were with the claimant,
but 1 wanted to know what the practice was. If
the practice is as the Senator from Oregon states
it, if the Government by law requires the pay-
master to keep his funds at the depository and fur-
mshes him a chock-book, and dueets linn to pay
by checks on the depository, then i think the bill
ought to pass; but I did not suppose that was the
manner in which the Government conducted its
affairs. I supposed that when a paymaster was
assigned to a regiment ora brigade or a division,
he was furnished with funds, bills or specie, and
that it was a matter of his own convenience and
arrangement as to the manner in which the money
should be disbursed. If, however, the practice be
as suggested by the Senator from Oregon 1 shall
votefor the bill. If tin;Government required the
paymaster to deposit the money with a public de-
pository, and furnished bun a check-book, and
directed it to be paid out on his cheeks, 1 think
the Government ought to pay the claimant and
make good his loss.
Mr/NESMITII. There is no doubt, about the
Government requiring that to he done. The sub-
Treasury law makes it the duty of a disbursing
officer to keep his funds with a public depository,
and he is liable to be sent to the penitentiary if
he violates it. The funds aie deposited there
to his credit, and he draws his cheeks upon the
depository.
Mr. HALE. Then I think t ho bill ought to puss.
Mr. GRIMES. L suggest, also, in addition to
what has been said by the Senator from Oregon,
that Colonel Ruff was compelled to do duty at
Philadelphia, and the paymaster was in New
York, so that the necessities of the position each
occupied compelled them to deal with each other
in this way.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading. It was lead the third time, and
passed.
KAIMIOAD TO TIIE PACIFIC.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am directed by the se-
lect committee on the Pacific railroad to report a
bill. The bill is in substance the same that has
been reported in the House of Representatives,
and made the special order there for Tuesday
next. I ask first for leave for the committee to
sit again. I suppose that upon making a report,
it is regarded as the dischaige of the committee,
without leave of the Senate to sit again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the bill to be repoited from the com-
mittee. It will now have its first reading.
The bill (S. No. 2G0) to aid in constructing a
railroad and telegraph line ftom the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other puiposes, was read the first time
by its titlo* ancjptffcflfcml to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill goes
on the Calendar, unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am inclined to think
the committee will require the consent of the Sen-
ate to continue their sessions and have jurisdic-
tion over the subject. I move, if it is necessary,
that the committee be permitted to continue their
sessions and have charge of the same subject-
matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not deem it necessary. It is competent for
a committee to report in part, and to sit further,
and report again at another time.
Mr. McEtOUGALL. This matter is before
the House of Representatives, and, as I have re-
marked , they will take up their measure on Tues-
day next, as a special order. I move that this bill
be made a special order for a week from Tuesday
next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objection
be made the bill will be considered now, and that
motion will be entertained. If objection be made,
the bill cannot now be considered. The Chair
hearing no objection, the bill will be considered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that it be made
the special order for Tuesday week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The time for objection
has passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being interposed, the report having been made
to-day, cannot now he. considered under the rules
of the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Illinois that if this bill shall inter-
fere with the confiscation bill, or any other par-
ticular pressing matter before the Senate at the
lime fixed for its consideration, I shall consent to
its postponement.
Mi. TRUMBULL. 1 shall have no objection
to the Senator's getting the bill up when it svill
not inteifeie with other and more important ques-
tions which are pressing, but I object to its being
set down as a special order and then having a con-
test between it and some other bill for priority.
I am not for delaying it or throwing any obstacle
in its way; and when the confiscation bill and some
others that are piessmg shall be out of the way I
certainly shall interpose no objection to the Sen-
ator gutting up tins lull, but I object to its being
made a special older now, because i want to avoid
a conilirt in regard to the business of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An objection
carries the cnnsideiation of the hill over. '
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the President alio w
me to suggest that after the Chair had inquired
if there was objection, it was announced that
no objection being made, the bill was before the
Senate, and after that it is too late to make an
objection ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not accustomed to hold any premature decision of
his as bindmgon the Senate upon such a suojeet.
Objection being raised, the Chair ordinarily con-
siders the question open.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I presume it will be in
order at a future day to move that this bill be made
a special order.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore. Any day after
to-day the bill may be the subject of motion and
consideration.
Mi. McDOUGALL. I wish only to say now
that I do not admit that this measure is second in
importance to any measure before Congress, ex-
cept our re\ emu* bill
Mi. COLLAMER. I object to discussion when
the question is not before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 am through.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 understood the chairman
of the committee to ask that the committee have
leave to sit again. Being a special committee,
they are dissolved; their duties terminate when
th«.y make a lepiat, as I understand, unless they
jj have leave to sit again. This being a report from
I1 a special committee, I think it appropriate that
i; they should have leave to sit again.
ij The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
ij leave to sit again without a special order to that
11 effect.
j! Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 neglected to ask for the
j pi intfng of the b;il as leported.
I The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
j punted,asa matter of course, under the rules,
h coming from a committee.
SUPPLY 01? POTOMAC WATER.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
231) amendatory of an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the care and preservation of the works
constructed by the United States for bringingthe
Potomac water into the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, for the supply of said water for all
governmental purposes, and for the uses and ben-
efit of the inhabitants of the said cities," was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. In addi-
tion to the powers conferred upon the corporation
of Washington by the second and third sections
of the act of Congress, approved March 3, 1859,
entitled "An act," &c., it proposes to give full
powcrand authority to the corporation to levy and
collect a water tax on all real property within the
corporate limits of the city of Washington which
binds on or touches on any avenue, street, or
alley in which a main water pipe has been laid or
hereafter may be laid by the United States or by
the corporation of Washington, which water tax
shall be as nearly as possible equal and uniform,
may be levied on lots in proportion to their front-
age or their area, as the corporation may determ-
ine, and may be collected in not less than three
nor more than five annual installments, of which
installments tili after the fiist shall bear interest
at the rate of six per cent, per annum, commenc-
ing from the date at which the first installment be-
comes due, but may, at the option of the owner
of the property taxed, be paid and discharged in
full at any time after it shall have been levied.
The corpoiation of Washington may also, on
petition of the owners of the majority of the real
estate on any square or line of squares, lay down
water pipes and erect fire plugs and public hy-
drants wherever the same may be requisite and
necessary for public convenience, security from
lire, or for health.
The second section, in order to aid in the erec-
tion, maintenance, and efficiency of fire plugs
throughout the city, authorizes the corporation of
Washington to levy and collect a special annual
tax on all buildings within live hundred feet of any
main water pipe into which, or the premises con-
nected therewith, the water has not been intro-
duced, and the owners or occupants of which do
not pay an annual water rate or rent in accordance
with the oidmancesof the corporation, which tax
is to he levied with reference to the value of the
building so taxed, and to be not more than five dol-
lars nor less than one dollar per year; but when-
ever the water shall be introduced, in conformity
with the corporation laws, into any building or
premises, the fire-plug tax thereon is to cease; and
whenever the water shall bo discontinued from
any building or premises info which it has been
introduced, the building is to be subject to the fire-
plug tax from the date of the discontinuance of
the water.
Thethird section declares that the watertaxthus
authonzed to be levied and collected shall consti-
tute a fund to be used exclusively to^efray the
cost of distribution of the water, including all ne-
cessaiy fixtures and machines connectcd with the
distribution; and the annual water rates or rents
authorized to bo collected by the act of which this
act is amendatory shall constitute a fund exclus-
ively for the maintenance, management, and re-
pair of the system of water distribution.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill omits the title of the
act which it amends. I therefore move to amend
by striking out the words " and so forth,"m the
sixth line of the fust section, and inserting:
To provide for the care ami piesei vation of the woiku
eonstiucted b_\ the United Stare* fur lmn<:ing the Potom ic
wale i nt Jo the c Hies oj' Was!" n^ton and C>-ot get own. (or
the supply ol said watei tot all governmental pui po&e^. and
toi tho u-e^aiid bciK.-litof the inhabitant* ot the &aid cities.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill has been drawn and
is submitted to the consideration of the Senate at
! the instance of the City Councils of the city of
;] Washington. In order that the Senate may have
j; a thorough understanding of the provisions of the
j! bill, as 1 learn that there is some objection to it, I
:j wish to read to the Senate a very intelligible ac-
'| count of the purposes that are sought to beaccom-
>\ phshed by it, furnished to me by a gentleman of
!l tins city, Mr. Randolph Coyle, who is the water
;! registrar of the city:
!! The aet of Consiess approved March 3, 1859, winch it is
;i pionosed by the present bill to amend, authorize* the cor-
I! poracions of Washington and Georgetown to maWish a
