1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
3 7 th Cong .... 2d Sess .
lieport of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Kbps.
issued, and the inadequate means provided by the
last Congress for the emergency, devolved upon
the Department the necessity for calling into im-
mediate service not only all the naval forces but
vessels from the commercial marine. Purchases
were accordingly made and charters hastily exe-
cuted for the exigency, and orders peremptorily
issued to foithwith equip and prepare for service
the public vessels that were dismantled and in
ordinary at the several yards. The force thus
hastily gathered was placed along our coast and
divided into two squadrons, one of which, desig-
nated as the Atlantic blockading squadron, had
for its field of opei ation the whole coast, extending
from the easternmost line of Virginia to Cape
Floiida. and was under the command of Flag-
Officer Silas H. Stringham. The other, or Gulf
squadron, operating from Cape Florida westward
to the Rio Grande, was commanded by Flag-Offi-
cer William Mervine. These officers repaiu-d to
their stations and were reinforced from time to
time by the arrival of such vessels as were dis-
patched to theircommands,and under their super-
vision and direction all the ports upon their sta-
tions were subjected to a blockade as rigid and
effective as the peculiar nature of our maiitime
frontier—which has through a large portion of its
entire extent a double coast, inner and outer—
would admit. Our pnncipal naval vessels are not,
from their great draught of water, adapted to
blockade service on our shallow coast, which has
been guarded with extreme difficulty. The ports
of North Carolina especially, situated within the
interior shallow waters of their sounds and inlets,
afforded peculiar facilities to a class of small ves-
sels, aided by fraudulent papers and foreign flags,
to elude the vigilance of the sentinel ships whose
special duty it was to interdict commerce with
the insurgents.
THE POTOMAC FI0TI1.LA.
It became necessary at an early period to place
a flotilla on the lower Potomac. A variety of
circumstances combined to render this one of the
most embarrassing duties on the whole insurgent
frontier, and it was early foreseen by the Depart-
ment that without the active cooperation of the
Army it would be impossible to pi event the nav-
igation of the river from being obstructed by bat-
teries on the Virginia side. For several months,
however, the Navy, without aid, succeeded, more
effectually than could have been expected, in
keeping the river open for commercial purposes,
and restricting, to a great extent, communication
between the opposite shores. In the heroic dis-
charge of this duty the first commander of the
flotilla lost his life; but the Navy continued to
captureevery rebel vessel which showed itself on
the Potomac, and to give security and protection
to the commerce of loyal citizens, until the close
ofOctobcr, when the insurgents erected batteries
at sundry points on the Virginia shore, thereby
rendering passage on the river dangerous,
TILL SQUADRONS.
The duty of guarding the coast and enforcing
the blockade has been one of great labor, as well
as ceaseless vigilance and responsibility. With
the stcadily-incieasing foree that added to the
squadrons, the efforts of the insurgents to elude
our ships were also increased, in oider to supply
the pressing necessities that afflicted the whole of
the vt1 be 1 States. The duties imposed upon the
flag officers became correspondingly arduous,and
eventually more extensive in then opeiation and
detail than could be well executed by one com-
mander. While the subject of a division of the
squadrons was under consideration, Flag-Officer
Smngham, unawaie of the fact, made u pioposi-
tson to relinquish his command, winch was ac-
ceded to, and two squadrons were organized on
the Atlantic coast. Captain Louis M. Golds-
boronph was appointed to guard the siioies of
Virginia and North Carolina, and raised his tlag
on the Minnesota, on the 23d of September. The
residue of the southern Atlantic coast, commenc-
ing at the line which separates the two Carolmas
aiul extending to Cape Florida, was intrusted to
Captain Samuel F. Dupont, whose Dag was raised
on the Wabash, on the 29th of October.
Flag-Officer William Mervine was relieved from
the command of the Gulf squadron in September
by Captain William W. McKcan. The neces-
sity of dividing this squadron, as well as that on
the Atlantic sen-board, in order that the coast
should be more rigidly guarded, was felt; but the
measure was postponed until a larger force could
be sent around the peninsula. A vigilant watch
has been maintained at the passes of the Missis-
sippi, by winch the commerce of New Orleans
has been successfully interdicted.
The task of blockading the coast is unattrac-
tive, and devoid of adventure. Those who have
engaged in this rebellion have neither commcrce
nor a navy to reward or stimulate to exeition.
SINKING VESSELS.
One method of blockading the 'ports of the in-
surgent States, in interdicting communication as
well as to pievent the egress of privateers which
sought 10 depredate on our commerce, has been
that of sinking in the channels vesselsladen with
stone. The first movement in this direction was
on the North Carolina coast, where there are
numerous inlets to Albemarle and Pamlico sounds,
and other interior waters, which afforded facili-
ties for eluding the blockade,and also to the pri-
vateers. For this purpose a class of small vessels
were purchased m Baltimore, some of which have
been placed m Oeracoke inlet.
I Another and larger description of vessels were
bought in the eastern market, most of them such
as were foimeily employed in the whale fisheries.
These were sent to obstiuct the channels of
Charleston harbor and the Savannah river; and
this, if effectually done, will prove the most eco-
| nomical and satisfaetoiy method of interdicting
j commerce at those points.
| VnSSF.l.S CAPTURXD.
i Since (he institution of the blockade one hun-
j died and iifiy-thiee \ c.s.sH.s ha\e been captured
sailing under vanous flags, most of which were
' attempting to violate the blockade. With few
■ exceptions, these vessels were in such condition,
|l when seized, as to authorize their being sent at
once to the courts for adjudication and condemna-
tion as prices. Appended to this report is a list
of the vessels which have been captured.
SLJZURE OF SOITTIimiN PORTS
A seizure of some of the important ports on the
coast commanded the early and earnest attention
of this Department. Jt was found that naval sta-
tions and harbors of refuge dming the tempestu-
ous seasons would be indispensable if hostilities
were to be continued, and the stations thus se-
cured could also be made the points of offensive
military operations. Shortly after the attention
of the Government was drawn to this subject, a
board was convened under the auspices of the
Navy Department, consisting of Captains Samuel
F. Duponr and Charles If. Davis, of the Navy;
Major,John G. Barnaul, of the Army, and Pro-
fessor Alexander Baehe, of the Coast Survey,
to whom a thoiougli investigation of the coast
and harbors, their access and defenses, was com-
mitted. Several elaborate and \aluable reports
of great interest, exhibiting in minute detail
the position, advantages, and topographical pecu-
liarities of almost eveiy eligible point on the
coast, were the results of tins important commis-
sion.
In view of the data thus presented, two com-
bined naval and military expeditions have already
been organized and put in action. Such coopera-
tion and concert of action between the two arms
of the public service were indispensable; for,
though the Navy alone might assail and capture
batienes m some, positions, it was not within its
pro\ ince or powei to ietain orgainson them. The
operations on shore manifestly pertained to the
Army,and, on each occasion, ae soon as the mili-
tary forces were ready for these expeditions, the
Na\y was fully prepared and eager for immediate
action.
After some delays, an expedition to Hat teres
inlet, on the coast of North Cdiolina, where pitat-
ical depredations had become extremely annoying,
was undertaken. Flag-Ofhcer Stringham com-
manded in peison the naval forces on this occa-
sion, and Major General Butler had command of
the small military detachmentof abouteight hun-
dred men which cooperated with the Navy. The
expedition was eminently successful in the attack
upon and capture of Forts Hatteras and Clark.
The entire garrison, under the command of Sam-
uel Barron, recently and for nearly fifty years an
officer of the Navy, surrendered after sustaining
great loss, while not a life was sacrificed nor an
individual of the Union forces wounded. Annexed
is the report of Flag-Officer Stringham of this
achievement, with the letter of approval and con-
gratulation of this Department. The military
force was inadequate to follow up this brilliant
victory, by securing a position upon the main land,
and there propitiating and protecting the loyal
feeling which had begun to develop itself in North
Carolina.
It was intended that the success at Hatteras
should have been followed m September by a more
formidable expedition, and the seizure of a more
important position further South. Owing to vari-
ous causes, independent of the Navy Department
or the condition of the Navy, this movement was
unavoidably postponed until the 29th of October,
when a fleet of forty-eight sail, including trans-
ports, a larger squadron than ever before assem-
bled under our flag, left Hampton Roads. Captain
Samuel F. Dupont, then recently appointed flag
officer, an officer of great skill and experience,
and possessing the entire confidence of the De-
partment, was selected to command this expedi-
tion. In addition to his general professionalability,
he had, through careful study and investigation,
as chairman of the board winch had been ordered
in June, special qualification and thorough prep-
aration for the highly important and responsible
position assigned to him. Informed of the policy
and views of the Government in regard to the
expedition, prompt to execute its wishes, and
having made himself familiar with every eligible
port on the southern Atlantic coast, ho, as com-
mander of the expedition, was intrusted with the
selection, within prescribed limits, of the place
where the fust assault should be made.
After encountering the seveiest stoim that has
visited the coast during the present season, which
partially dispersed the squadron, causing the
j wreck of several of the transports, and compel-
ling even some of the smaller vessels of the Navy
| to put back, the fleet, by the merciful interpost-
j tion of Providencc, was preserved, and appeared
| before Port Royal, one of the best, though neg-
lected, harbors on our southern coast, on the 5th
day of November. So soon as the channel could
be buoyed out, and other preliminary measures
accomplished, assaults wore made on the well-
builtand thoroughly-armed forts, Beauregard and
Walker. Consummate naval strategic skill and
the most admirable gunnery were exhibited in
the attack, winch was of such tremendous effect
that General Drayton and the rebel army sur-
lendeied their strongholds, fled the coast with
precipitation, leaving their propoity, armament,
and papers, while our naval forces took, and still
hold , quiet possession of one of the finest harbors
! on the Atlantic sea-board. 1 append Flag-Officer
| Duponl'.s report of this brilliant achievement, and
'' the letter of this Department congratulating him,
| his oJliceis and men, on their bravery, skill, and
I success.
! A demonstration since ordered by Flag-Officer
] Dupont on Tybec island, at the mouth of the Sa-
| vannah river, resulted in tiie capture of that island
! and the strong Martello tower and battery that
: virtually command Fort Pulaski. Our naval forces
j have possession of that island, a part of the south
I Atlantic squadron is at anchor in the harbor, and
' the flag of the Union is again unfurled in Geor-
! gja. The dispatch of Flag-Officer Dupont, com-
! municating to the Navy Depaitment an account
• of tliis tiansaciion, and the additional fact that
! the rebels themselves have, in anticipation of our
i action, placed obstructions in the river at Port
I Pulaski, is appended to the report.
! Without specifying, in detail, the numerous
1 meritorious achievements which have, during the
! ycai, done honor to the naval service, 1 append
| dispatches of the commanders, communicating
the brave and heroic conduct which has been dis-
played by our naval officers, sailois, and marines,
whose mtrepidiiy> courage, and loyalty were
never more marked than in this rebellion.
