THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2499
them such countenance and support as would pro-
mote their growth and prosperity, and establish
their position among the independent Powers of
the world, especially when this could be done
* -without disturbing our friendly relations with
other nations. But to the present time we have
failed to recognize the independence of these re-
publies, although every consideration of justice
and right, policy and interest, has been on the side
oftheir recognition. And now, as we cannot just-
ify or excuse this long refusal or delay, it only
remains for us to give to each of them such cordial
recognition as shall assure them that we are not
less friendly than the other leading Powers of the
•world, by whom their independence has long since
been recognized.
The President, in his late annual message, says:
" If any good reason exists why we should persevere
longer in withholding our recognition of the independence
and sovereignty of Iiayti and Liberia, I am unable to dis-
cern it. Unwilling, however, to inaugurate a novel policy
in regard to them without the appiobdtion of Congicss, I
submit for your consideration the expediency of an appro-
priation for maintaining a charge d'affaires near each of
those new States. It does not admit of doubt that import-
ant commercial advantages might be secured by favoiable
treaties with them."
I think, Mr. Speaker, that a large majority of
this House will agree with the President that
there is no good reason why we should longer re-
fuse to recognize these Governments, and that
there are many and good reasons why wc should
now give to them that recognition which they
have so long desired and expected, and which
we ought long ago to have given.
I propose to mention some of the reasons why
we should now pass this bill. In the first place,
justice requires this act on the part of this Gov-
ernment. There is certainly no Government or
people on whom it is more incumbent to do all
that can be done to educatc, develop, and im-
prove the moral,intellectual, and social condition
of the African race than on our Government and
our people; and no Government or people have it
so much in their power to aid and assist these two
republics in their struggle to obtain a higher in-
telligence, a better civilization, and a more perfect
Government. Each of them has a Government
like our own; institutions designed and intended
to be like ours. In the formation and administra-
tion of our Government we have had ail the ad-
vantages that the learning, wisdom, and the high-
est degree of civilization that the most favored
race of man has attained could give. These Gov-
ernments have been formed and administered by
that race of men which has ever been deprived of
these advantages, and been the especially op-
pressed people of the earth. The establishment
of diplomatic relations between our Government
and these republics will afford them the most
favorable opportunities to familiarize themselves,
not only with the theory of our Government, but
also with the practical operations of all its details,
and thereby enable them to improve and perfect
their own. It will enable them to partake in
some degree of our civilization without detriment
to us, and if we shall receive no other benefit
from the association than that which the individ-
ual or nation always derives fiom doing good to
others, our compensation will not be small.
Mr. Speaker, there are strong political reasons
why we should establish intimate diplomatic re-
lations with those republics,especially with Hayti.
We cannot afford to be indifferent to anything
which pertains to this continent. The geogiaphi-
cal position ofHayti is such that ourGovernment
cannot, without disregarding its own interest, be
indifferent to the future condition of that island.
This has long been felt and urged upon this Gov-
ernment by many of the leading men of the coun-
try. In a memorial, signed by many of the first
merchants of Boston and New York, presented
to Congress ten years ago,tf piayingthe Congress
of the* United States to recognize Hayti as an in-
dependent State, and in our relations with her to
place her on the same footing as other independ-
ent nations," this proposition is thus clearly and
forcibly stated:
4k The geographical and military position of Iiayti is such
that it is the interest of the United Stales that it bhouiU never
become a European dependency, but, on the contrary, an
independent State, winch de facto and dc jure it is already.
Hayti has vindicated to the world her unquestionable love
of independence 111 het refusal of thcpioteetomte of France
and of the brilliant offers of Louis XVIII, made by his com-
missaries, Fontaugps and Esmangart,on the 6th dayofOc-
tober, 1816. thus adhering to the policy which actuated her
in lending material aid and assistance, so generously granted
in I81G, under the piesidency of Putiou, to Bolivar, when in
his misfortune he sought a lefuge in Hayti, and by which
aid that patriot was enabled to renew the combat of liberty
and eventually to establish the independence of his native
land. Thus also was reasserted the Haytien policy previ-
ously proclaimed, that no political link can be permitted'to
exist between Europe and Ameiicaoxeept those which are
essential to the recipiocal intere&t of commeice."
It would have been better, Mr. Speaker, both
for us and for Hayti, had the prayer of these pe-
titioners been listened to and granted at that time.
That part of the island which has since been
ceded to Spain might have been to-day free from
European control. And should we refuse or fail
to pass this bill, our successors may, in less than
ten years from this time, look back upon us and
say, had we done our duty, a still further portion
of the American continent might have been saved
from the same fate. For any part of this conti-
nent, once emancipated from European control
to be again yielded to it, seems to be reversing the
law of progress, going backward. I look for-
ward to the time when this continent shall wholly
and forever emancipate itself from the govern-
ment and control of the Powers of the Old World.
I can see no good reason why the new continent
should not be independent of the old; why, in its
broadest and best sense, the doctrine should not
be true, that " Americans and only Americans
shall rule America." I am not content that Eu-
ropean rulers, in their adjustments of the balance
of power, should use some of the fairest "portions
of America as small change and make-weights;
that portions of American territory larger than
the territorial limits of some of the European
kingdoms should be sold and bartered from one
prince and potentate to another.
I do not propose that we shall violate any treaty
obligations, disregard the law of nations, or act in
bad faith toward any Government having terri-
torial possessions on this continent; but I do be-
lieve it to be the duty of every American states-
man to keep constantly in mind the fact that there
is no good reason why this continent should be
permanently ruled and governed by the old; to
keep constantly in mind the fact that it is one of
the laws of the world's progress that the colonists
from the old continent, who plant themselves on
the new, speedily attain such growth and develop-
ment that not only their own good but the world's
advancement demand of them that they shall take
their pioper places among the independent Pow-
ers of the world. The lakes and rivers, the mount-
ains and plains, the valleys and prairies of Amer-
ica, all proclaim to the dwellers thereon that this
is no place for the eternal minority of man. Let
not the independent Powers of America fail to rec-
ognize these facts, but let them, as one portion
after another of this continentshall freeitselffrom
the dominion of the old and assume its proper
place among the independent,self-sustaining Gov-
ernments of the eaith, stand ready to give that
friendly recognition which is always so much
prized by a people who have just demonstrated
their right to independence.
Mr. Speaker, the experience of the last few
months lias taught us very forcibly that the Powers
of Europe—I mean the Governments and rulers,
not the mass of the people—have little sympathy
with us or our institutions, and that they will not
hesitate to improve what seems to them a favorable
opportunity to recover lost power and jurisdiction
over American territory. Spain, after husbanding
her i esourcos and recruiting her strength for nearly
half a century, with her returning energy is fired
with her old love ofdominion on this continent, and
is ondeavoring to impart her spirit to other Powers
of Europe. She has, within the last year, regained
possession and control of that part of the island
commonly known as St. Domingo, and is to-day
seeking pretexts for a war with the Haytiens,
hoping thereby to establish her power over the
whole island; and at the same time is looking with
lonjjing eyes to Mexico, hoping that, with the
aid or countenance of other European Powers,
she may, by improving the present opportunity,
reestablish her dominion over that fair portion of
this continent.
And in this connection, Mr. Speaker, I will say
that in no aspect in which this present rebellion
against this Government can be viewed, does it
look more wicked than when seen in connection
with its cffrcts upon our foreign relations. Tthas,
for the time being, almost silenced the voice of our
Government among the Powers of the world. If
'anything were needed to unite or strengthen the
people of the loyal States in the determination to!
finally and effectually crush out this rebellion, X
would point them to the present position of our
Government in this rcspect. But, Mr. Speaker,'
wc have this consolation. If we shall finally and
effectually put down this rebellion without com-
promise and without humiliation to the Govern-
ment, as we certainly shall if the various depart-
ments of the Government shall each do its duty
and uphold and sustain the other and carry out
with energy and power the wishes of our people,
the voice of this Government among the Powers
of the earth will be more potent in the future than
it has ever been in the past. Those who have
heretofore doubted and questioned its power and
durability, will doubt and question no longer. It
will then have vindicated its power not only to
resist foreign aggression, but to put down inter-
nal strife and rebellion; and will have shown to
the world that, while it gives to the individual
the^greatcst possible liberty, it is for all the legit-
imate purposes for which a Government'needs
power the most potent on earth.
Mr. Speaker, the commercial interests of our
country demand that this Governmentshall recog-
nize Iiayti and Liberia, and in our relations with
them place them on the same footing as other in-
dependent nations. The population of Hayti is
nearly six hundred thousand. The total amount
of imports into Hayti for the year ending Septem-
ber, 1859, was 9,000,000 Prussian thalers, or
$6,480,000, and the total amount of exports for
the same year was 12,000,000 Prussian thalers, or
$8,640,000. The exports of the United States
to Hayti for the year ending June, 1860, were
$2,C73,682, and the imports from Hayti for the
same year, $2,062,723. During that year two hun-
dred and fifteen American vessels, measuring
36,019 tons, and twenty-nine foreign vessels, meas-
uring 5,552 tons, cleared from the United States
for Hayti, and two hundred and twenty-one Amer-
ican vessels, measuring 37,089 tons, and twenty-
five foreign vessels, measuring 3,700 tons,entered
the United States from Hayti. The imports from
Hayti for the year ending December 31,1861, into
the port of Boston alone, consisting of coffee,
logwood, cotton, and lignumvitsc, amounted to
$559,359; and the exports for that year from that
port to Iiayti embrace almost every article ever
exported from New England, and the benefits of
this trade were felt by shipowners, sailors, mer-
chants, farmers, mechanics, and laborers, and the
evidence is conclusive that the commerce between
the United States and Hayti can be greatly in-
creased by treaties and the presence of intelligent
and vigilant diplomatic agents. It is in every re-
spect for the interest ofHayti to increase her com-
merce with the United States, and we know full
well that it is the wish of her Government to do so;
and nothing is wanting to give to our merchants,
farmers, and manufacturers a wider market but
that we shall place Hayti on the same footingas
other independent nations, with the majority of
which our commercial intercourse is far less than
with Iiayti. From a statistical table prepared at
the Treasury, under the direction of the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, [Senator
Sumner,] and published in the Globe in connec-
tion with his speech on this bill, it appears that of
seventy-three countries with which we have com-
mercial relations, Hayti ranks twenty-one in im-
ports and twenty-two in exports, and seventeen
m tonnage entered, and twenty-one in tonnage
cleared at our ports. Nearly one third of the
whole commerce of Hayti is with the United
States; her commerce with the United States is
nearly double that it is with England, and greater
with England than any other country except the
United States.
And now, Mr. Speaker, for this Government
to delay longer the recognition of Hayti is as un-
just to ourown citizens, who have or wish to have
commercial intercourse with her, as it is to Hayti
herself. At this very time, England, France, and
Spain are cooperating to secure to themselve all
possible advantages in Hayti, and in the language
of our commercial agent, Seth Webb, jr., Esq.,
arc " acting in unison whenever they can to crip-
ple the power and interest of the United States in
1 Hayti." I will read an extract from a letter of
