1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
repeal of a law is its destruction, its abolition; but
where, as was the case in England, the law was
not repealed entirely, but merely suspended for a
short time, it was said to be suspended. The only
difference, therefore, between the words '• sus-
pend" and " repeal" is, that when a law is re-
pealed it is absolutely gone, but when it is sus-
pended it is merely gone for a time, and when that
time has elapsed it falls back into the statute-book
the same as ever, with all its efficacy. That is
the meaning;, as I take it, of that clause of the
Constitution by which the habeas corpus laws are
authorized to be suspended.
Now, the President has no such authority. I
say the President never exercised that authonty.
The truth is that he never either suspended the
habeas corpus laws or the privilege of the writ; nor
did he ever intend to do it. Why, sn, if the habeas
corpus laws had been suspended, if ihe writ had
been suspended, and you went to a judge to get it,
he would say to you, "the law is suspended; I
cannot give you tins writ, because rhe law is gone
by which you are authorized to ask for it." It is
perfectly clear the President did not intend to pro-
duce that state of affairs. If a client of mine had
been arrested in Baltimore for any other offense
than one connected with this rebellion, I could
have gone to the judge there and got a writ of
habeas corpus just the same as at any time pievious,
and then, armed with that writ, I could have gone
to the marshal, the custodian of the prisoner, and
he would have obeyed it just as before. There
would have been no question, as before, and the
writ would remain precisely as before.
But the President did do this: as I said a mo-
ment ago, when we set him to put down the rebel-
lion, he must be the judge as to who arc rebels.
We must allow him to decide, and he mustdccide
who are enemies and who are notenemies, and he
is not limited as to the place wherein to find those
enemies. If he finds an enemy over at Bull Run,
he brings the war power to play upon him, kills
him if he can, or takes him prisoner, and he holds
him as a prisoner. If he finds a rebel in Mary-
land, he takes him there by force, if it is neces-
sary, and he holds him as a prisoner. If a judge
in Maryland, or a judge 111 Virginia, issues his
writ of habeas corpus, commanding the President
or his officer to bring up that individual, or, in
other words, to hand him over from military to
civil power to be tried, the President has a light
to answer,{< no; I took this man by military power,
and I am holding him by military power; I hold
him as a prisoner of war."
I know that that doctrine is denied where the
courts are open, it is contended, and with great
plausibility, that in a State where the courts are
open the President is not justified m refusing to
hand over this prisoner of'war to the civil power.
I think he is, and I think the exigencies of this
season have proved it. He may arrest a prisoner
of war even before he has committed an overtact.
He may be satisfied that if ho does not arrest him
mischief will ensue, and he has the rightto arrest
him and hold him as a prisoner of wai ; and when
a judge asks to h.ive him handed over to the civil
power, the President may refuse to do so, and may
keep him as a prisoner. That hurts nobody. The
life of the man who is held as a prisoner of war
is safe. I am inclined to tlnnk that 111 some cases
where arrests have been made, if the President
had handed the complainant over to the civil power
the civil power would have tried, condemned, and
executed him as a traitor, and Ins safety consisted '
in the very fact that the President did refuse the ;
writ o t'hahcas corpin. That refusal to deliver over j
a rebel taken by tin: military power and held as j
a prisoner of wai is based upon the idea that we j
are at war with the rebels, and th.it the laws of i
war prevail; and that, although not alien enemies, j
yet the war is to be conducted agunsithem upon i
precisely the same pnnciples as though they weie |
m every lespcct.
Mr. Piesident, I am iu favor of allowing the
Piesident to be the Commander-in-Chief ot the -
Army and Navy of the United Stales now em- ;
ployed in suppressing tins rebellion, and 1 am not
at all m favor of the Congress of ihe [Tinted States
undertaking to usurp his functions. I will vote i
for men and money and for rules and regulations .
for the parts of this Army inter se to any extent. ,
I am as much interested as anybody else m hav- ;
mg the rebellion put down. I am as anxious as j
anybody else to see it put down; but at the same I
time I feel and know that if we leave it to a single
liead to conduct the operations of the Army and
the campaigns in which it is now engaged, it will
be a thousand times better than if we were to un-
dertake m any way to meddle with it.
With regard to giving the President power to
take possession of railroads, telegraphs, &c., I
think he has it now far more amply bestowed upon
him than it is by this bill, because he has it abso-
lutely; and I will not interfere with the exercise
of the absolute power of the President in this case.
We still retain the rein, and the only rein which
any legislative power on earth holds over the
Executive in a case of this kind. Whenever we
are dissatisfied with the way-in which the Pres-
ident carries on the war, whenever we are determ-
ined that he shall not carry it on any longer, we
stop his supplies. That is the only control you
have over it. You cannot presume to tell him he
shall meet the enemy by a given day, because he
will tell you, " perchance the enemy will not come
there on that day;" or at a given place, because
he might not be there; or in a given manner, be-
cause that manner is utterly inapplicable to the
exigencies of the occasion. I think, therefore,
that we had better confine ourselves to the subject
of law-making.
I may remark a little further, that this Congress
has not a particle of physical power in its pos-
session that I know of, unless it be to punish for
contempts against this body or the other House.
The law of Congress only becomes efficacious
when it is applied to the citizen—those who owe
allegiance and are willing to obey through the
medium of the judiciary. The judiciary is the arm
of Congress in times of peace. No law of Con-
gress can of itself execute itself upon the citizen,
becauseif any dispute arises as to the meaning of
it, it must be explained and must be applied by
the judiciary. In time of war, the President is the
arm of Congress; but Congress itself has no phys-
ical power, no means m the world of reaching,
directly, anybody or anything.
These are, 1 think, self-evident principles which
ought to be well known to everybody. I desire,
therefore, that my course of action may be under-
stood in the premises. I should be opposed to
the second section of this bill if it was to be exe-
cuted m the courts of justice and applied, because
it makes no distinction between the man who com-
mits malicious mischief and the man who is guilty
of the worst treason on earth. A man might go
and burn a railroad bridge out of pure malicious
mischief; ho might not care whether there was a
soldier from one end of it to the other; he might
not care whether the tram earned beeves to the
market in New Yoik or whether it carried beeves
to the market of Washington to feed the hungry
soldiers; he might care nothing about that; and
lfhe burned a bridge under circumstances of that
kind he would be guilty of malicious mischief.
If, on the other hand, he burned the bridge with
this great revolt in his head, with this gigantic
treason overshadowing his soul, then, sir, he
would he guilty of the highest treason, and liable
to be punished in another and entirely different
method from the case of the first. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not undertake to j
follow the Senator from Pennsylvania thiough his
argument, m which he has set up the Piesident
oflhc United States with greater powers than any
monarch or empeior on the face uf the earth, and
the entire pcrv-i sion, in my judgment, of the Con-
stitution which his aignment implies. He says the
judiciary is the aim of Congress in times uf peace.
Why, sir, rhe judiciary is no more the arm of
Congress in time of peace than the Army is the
aim of Congress in time of war. The whole war
power of this Government, by the Constitution,
is expressly m Congress and nowhere else, with
the simple exception that Congress cannot desig-
nate tile Commander-in-Cha f. The Senator says
th< only way we can pievent the ProMdi nt doing
as he pleases \i by withholding the supplies.
Why, sir, Congre&s can disband the Aimy to-
morrow, or we can say the President shall raise
so many troops of one kind and so many of an- !
other. We govern the whole thm°.
Now, sir, i a^iee that when we raise an army
and put it at the disposal of the President, the,
President is to use that aimy as annies are gen-
erally used. As the Constitution dedans that
the President shall bn the C<>mrnander-in-Chiefof
the Army, and then authorizes Congress to rah.e
an Army of which lie is to be the Commander-in-
Chief, if Congress does not think proper to reg-
ulate the mode in which he shall manage that
Army, he could manage it as armies are generally
managed; just as if we were to create a court, and
not pass any laws for the government of that court
as to how it should administer justice, it would
administer the law, perhaps, upon common-law
principles, the Constitution guarantying a right
of trial by jury and some common-law rights.
But, sir, because we create a court, shall Congress,
therefore, pass no law to regulate that court ? The
language of the Constitution is express. It says
that Congress shall have power to raise and sup-
port armies, and to make rules for the government
of those armies, and concerning captures on land
and water.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to explain one
single point to the honorable Senator from Illinois,
in order to break the force of his analogy. He
says that because the judiciary is the arm of Con-
gress in time of peace, therefore the Army is the
arm of Congress in time of war. Well, that far
the analogy holds good. Congress makes its laws
to be applied by the judiciary in time of peace to
citizens, and every citizen when those laws come
to be applied can claim all the guarantees of the
Constitution. The judiciary cannot kill a man
unless it kills him within the purview of the Con-
stitution; and a law authorizing them to kill him
in some other way would be an unconstitutional
law, and they could not do it. But the moment
Congress declares war, the war power operates
upon the enemy, not upon citizens; and a law of
Congress directing how they shall be operated
upon is an absurdity. They have no right to any
constitutional guarantee. They have no right to
ask that any restraints should be put upon the
action of this power. To them, it is absolute—
war, jn the meaning of the term; and, therefore,
the analogy of the Senator does not hold good.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Why,Mr.President, Con-
gress can just as well determine how the enemy
shall be killed as it can how a murderer shall be
executed. It has precisely the same authority as
a matter of power. I am speaking of the power,
and the question is .not as to the policy of the
laws. The Senator from Pennsylvania is under-
taking to argue a question of power, of constitu-
tional i ight. Now, an extreme case will not alter
that power. Congiess may declare that its armies
shall bo armed with wooden swords.
Mr. COWAN. Would the President be bound
to command it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The President would be
bound to command it, and would be the Com-
mander-in-Chief. Unquestionably, as a matter of
power, that is so. What says your Constitution ?
If you will read the Constitution, you will /Ind
that the power of Congress over this Army is
complete.
Mr. COWAN. Has Congress ever undertaken
to designate the arms?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it has not; butit
has the power to do so. 1 am not saying it would
be proper lo do so. I say it would be the greatest
absurdity in the world for Congress to raise an
army, and piovide that it should go forth with
wooden swords; but does that alter the question
at all as to the power of Congress to control your
armies ? It will be found on looking at the Con-
stitution that it. gives the right to Congress—
'•To declare war, grant Iettoisof marque and reprisal,
.ni'l make i u! concci rung captures on land and water.
To law and support aiimes.
" To provide and maintain a navy.
To make lules for the government and regulation of the
hind and naval forces.
'• To pjovrdc for organizing, arming,"—
here is the very word —
'■and disciplining the nulina ^
Now, f annot Congress provide for arming them'
Cannot it provide that they shall be armed with
the Mime rifle, with the Maynard rifle, with the
Sharp's nile, or with the smooth-bore musket?
It is entirely competent for Congress to do this.
It may not be wise; but that is not the question.
It is merely tht question cf power that we are now
arguing.
1 did not pui pose to follow the Senator from
Pennsylvania in his argument, but I did not fee1
willing to sit still and allow such doctrines to go
forth to the country without entering my protest
against any such power as he-claims for thcEx-
