THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. Webb to the Department of State, dated at
Port au Prince, December 12, 1861. The whole
letter was read in the Senate when this bill was
under consideration, and published in the Globe
^ fe'w days since; but I desire to call the attention
of -the House particularly to that portion of the
letter which I now read;
' "I deem it my duty to call the earnest attention of the
Department to the activity of European Powers in this place,
and to the determined and concerted attempt which is ap-
parently being made to drive American trade from the island
and to destroy our influence among the Haytien people.
' " In the first place an almost entire change has just been
made in the personnel of the foreign legations here. Eng-
land has ju&t recalled Mr. Spencer St. John from the East
Indies, and appointed him charge d'affaires and consul gen-
eral here. His vice consul is Mr. Henry Byron, who is
thoroughly acquainted with Haytien affairs, having been
here many years, and identified himself with the country
by marrying a Haytien wife. The Marquis do Fnrbin Jan-
son has jutet arrived at Port au Prince as French charge and
consul general, together with a new chancellor and secre-
tary of legation. Signor Antonio Alvarez, with a new sec-
retary of legation, has likewise just been made charge and
consul general for Spain. He has been transferred from St.
Domingo City, wheie he represented Spain when she occu-
pied Domimca.
"These are all able men, much more so than their pre-
decessors, and they are acting in union wherever they can,
to cripple the power and interest of the United States in
Hayti. Their liberal salaries enable them to assume a style
of living and a place in the social world of Haytt entnely
beyond my reach; and there is nothing, or next to nothing,
to counteract their activity." *****
" I beg leave to repeat to the Department my conviction
that ourGovernment ought to lose no time in acknowledg-
ing the independence of Hayti, and sending a diplomatic le-
gation here, to counteract the schemes of foreign Powers."
The facts stated by Mr. Webb have not failed
to attract the attention of the business men of the
country, and I am sure that they will not be dis-
regarded by this House. At no time should this
Government be indifferent to her commercial in-
terests with even the smaller nations of the world,
certainly not now.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another considera-
tion to which 1 ask the attention of the House.
If the present rebellion continues the world must
look to new fields for its supply of cotton; and
if the rebellion shall be speedily put down, there
is great doubt whether the cotton States will find
themselves in a condition to meet the world's de-
mands forcotton; and even could they do so, there
is some doubt whether the world will consent to
grant them that monopoly which they have here-
tofore enjoyed and relied upon to make other
Governments partakers of their crime against this
Government and the best interests of man.
England is looking to every quarter of the globe
for the best region on which to commence the
culture of cotton.
A few weeks ago Lord Churchill, in the House
of Commons, said:
" In the present distress arising from donrth of cotton, we
naturally looked to India for supplies; but the shortae^ of
the staple was such that, as compaied with American cot-
ton, our operatives sustained a loss in manufacturing it
equal to twonty-fivc per cent. The African cotton approx-
imated much more closelyto the American thanthatwhich
was obtained from India, and by getting a supply from Af-
rica, therefore, the wa^es of our operatives would virtually
be increased to the extent of twenty-five per cent. The entire
country, from Dahomey to the Niger, was one vast cotton-
field. The cotton plant was indigenous and perennial, and
consequently it did not require replanting year by year as in
America. The crop had only to bo picked and sent home."
Mr. Webb, in aIetterdatedPortauPrince,last
November, says:
i( There are already about fifteen hundred emigrants in
and near St. Maic, settled and about to settle in the great
cotton fields of the Aitibonite, and in a plain which can-
not bo surpassed in the world for thickncss of soil and ca-
pacity to produce cotton and all other tropical staples. In-
deed, the whole ninety miles from Tort au Prince to St.
Mare may be said to be one vast, natural cotton lield. It is
into tins great reservoir of wealth, this farniei's paiadiso,
that new streams of vigor, capital, and enterprise aie about
to be poured. When I say that whole cargoes of excellent
cotton, tile pioduct of tlie emigrants, liave already been
shipped tins season from St. Marc, and that the neighbor-
hood of that town, is already white with the newlyplanted
staple, that tlie planter is substantially independent of the
Reasons, and can plant, grow, and pick cotton all the year
round, you may lorm some idea of what is to be expected
from the Artibomte.
" I should not dare to predict how large a crop the emi-
grants here will have in 1882; but itwil! astonish the most
sanguine. Tn my judgment, all those who choose to work
will make their fortunes in this business."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the men of the North, who :
have invested so many millions of dollars in mills |
and machinery for the manufacture of cotton, i
will find fields from which they will gather cotton
to meet the world's demand, and 1 know of no
region to which they can look with so much hope
of success as to the Artibonite and other plains
of Hayti. And if the Government furnishes no
other aid in this matter, it should certainly afford
to its citizens all the advantages to be derived from
treaties, and the residence in the country of its
diplomatic representatives. I, sir, shall certainly
be- much mistaken if, within a very few years,
Hayti does not furnish a large supply of cotton
to the manufacturers of the North; and it is more
than probable that northern capital and northern
enterprise will develop to the world the capacity
of Hayti to produce cotton.
King Cotton is not only in danger of being de-
throned, but also of being banished from his
former dominions.
Again, sir, Hayti is willing, even desirous, to
receive and furnish homes to the blacks of this
country who desire to better their condition by
emigrating to a more congenial climate and soil,
where they will be relieved of all the political and
social disabilitiesto which they arehere subjected.
Why may not thousands, perhaps millions, of
the slaves of rebels who arc to be made free, as
one of the inevitable consequences of this rebel-
lion, with or without confiscation laws, find homes
in Hayti? Hayti has the cotton lands, we the
laborers accustomed to its cultivation, and the
world wants cotton. Certainly this is a matter
worthy of the attention of the Government.
Liberia has a territory of at least thirty thou-
sand square miles, with a sea-coast of six hundred
miles, and a population of two to three hundred
thousand persons, fifteen thousand of whom have
emigrated from this country, and the rest are na-
tives of the interior of Africa and captives released
from slavers. Its geographical position is such
that it exercises considerable influence over nearly
two millions of the neighboring tribes. If the
Colonization Society shall fail to accomplish one
of the great objects it intended—the removal of
the whole colored population from this country to
Africa—there is every reason to hope and believe
that the other great object of the society, the civ-
ilization and Christianization of Africa, will yet
be realized,and the predictionsof itsfounders ful-
filled, when they said:
"These colonies, composed of blacks already instructed
in the arts of civilized life and the tiuths of the Gospel,ju-
diciously placed, well conducted, arid constantly enlarged,
wiil extend gradually into the interior, will lbim commer-
cial and political connections with the native tubes of then
vicinity, will extend those connections to tubes moro and
mote leinole, will incorporate many of the natives with tlie
colonies, and in their turn make establishments and settle-
ment among the natives, and thus diffuse all at oimd the arts
oi civilization and the benefits of literary, moral, and reli-
gious instruction."
Although this object has not yet been accom-
plished, the foundation for its accomplishment has
been laid. This colony, in forty years, has, by
purchase of territory, extinguished more than
twenty small sovereignties, obtained jurisdiction
over thirty thousand square miles of territory
and two hundred thousand people, and is exercis-
ing great and beneficial influence over millions of
the neighboring tribes. It has accomplished, dur-
ing the period of its existence, all that could have
been reasonably hoped or expected. The civili-
zation and Christianization of a quarter of the
globe is not the work of a day, or a year, but of
centuries.
Now, shall we hesitate to recognize the Gov-
ernment of this people, framed and declared in-
dependent almost fifteen years ago, successfully
administered from its formation to the present
time, and long ago recognized by the principal
Powers of Europe? A Government which has
done more during the period of its existence than
any other Power on earth to suppress the slave
trade, and through whose agency it is hoped and
believed that this greatest of the world's crimes will
soon be forever blotted out, and the blessings of
civilization and Christianity be conferred upon the
millions of Africans who during all the past cen-
turies of the world have been buried in barbarism.
It is not easy to ascertain the exact amount of
our commerce with Libeua, as it is classed in our
commeicial relations under the head of" other
ports in Africa;" but it is believed to amount to
nearly four hundred thousand dollars annually,
and it will increase with the establishment of dip-
lomatic relations between the two Governments,
and is unquestionably destined to increase with
the growth and development of the resources of
Liberia, and other portions of Africa which will
find an outlet through Liberia, to great importance.
So that it is true in relation to Liberia as well aa
Hayti, that it is both our duty and our interest to
recognize her independence and establish diplo-
matic relations with her.
In recognizing the independence of these two
republics, and establishing diplomatic relations
with them, we do but follow the example of other
nations. The independence of Liberia has been
recognized by not less than ten leading Powers of
the world, namely: England, France, Belgium,
Prussia, Brazil, Lubec, Bremen, Hamburg, Por-
tugal, and the kingdoms of Italy. Hayti has been
recognized by nearly all the commercial Powers
of the world, namely: England, Prance, Spain,
Austria, "Belgium, Bremen, Denmark, Hamburg,
Hanover, the Italian kingdoms, Mecklenburg-
Schwerin, Oldenburg, Holland, Portugal, Prus-
sia, Sweden, and Norway.. And in sending to
them representatives of this Government, with the
rank of commissioners, we do but place them on
the same footing as other independent nations
with which we have diplomatic relations. We
have ministers resident in six countries, with each
of which our commerce is less than with Liberia,
namely: Portugal, Papal States, Japan, Denmark,
Prussia, and Ecquador. We have envoys ex-
traordinary and ministers plenipotentiary in three
countries, ministers residentin eighteen countries,
and commissioners in two countries, (twenty-one
in all,) with each of which our commerce is less
than with Hayti, namely: envoys extraordinary
and ministers plenipotentiary in Austria, Prussia,
and Peru; ministers resident in Turkey, Portu-
gal, Papal States, Denmark, Switzerland, Nica-
rauga, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, New
Grenada, Venezuela, Ecquador, Argentine Con-
federacy, Bolivia, and Japan; commissioners in
Sandwich Islands and Paraguay.
Mr. Speaker, petition after petition, from State
Legislatures, municipal corporations, ecclesias-
tical bodies, colonization societies, and citizens,
without distinction of party, have been presented
to this House and the Senate, asking Congress to
recognize the independence of these two Govern-
ments; and I know not what good and valid rea-
son for our action can be given if we refuse to
grant the prayers of these petitioners.
This is no party question. Men of all parties
desire the recognition of these two Governments.
Some of the ablest arguments that I have seen in
favor of their recognition have appeared in Dem-
ocratic journals. This very bill was voted forat
the other end of this Capitol by men of all par-
ties, and unless it shall be stamped with a party
character by the action of this House, will becomc
a law not by the votes of any one party, but by
the votes of all parties.
Mr. Speaker, justice, sound policy, political
wisdom, commercial interest, the example of other
Governments, and the wishes of the people of our
own, ail demand that we recognize the independ-
ence of Hayti and Liberia, and that in our inter-
course with them we place them on the same foot-
ing as other independent nations.
Mr. COX. I send to the Clerk's desk a sub-
stitute, which I move for the pending bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That there be appointed for each of the republics of "Li-
beria and Hayti a consul general, who shall be authorized
to negotiate any treaties of commerce between suid re-
publics and this country. And the salaries of said consuls
general shall be the same as those now fixed by law.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I do not intend to
take up the time of the House in any long discus-
sion of this subject. The statistics which have
been presented by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Gooch] are not correct. I judge
so from my examination of the Commercial Re-
lations of the Government, so far as they refer
to the republics of Hayti and Liberia. The im-
ports and exports, as he has stated them, are
grossly exaggerated. I know that the gentleman
relies, for his figures, on tlie speech of a Senator,
[Mr. Sumner,] delivered recently on the present
bill. 1 have looked over the volumes of Com-
mercial Relations, and they do not show the same
imports and exports which the gentleman quotes;
and I fear this enlarged statement will give even
a greater consequence to this measure than it is
entitled to commercially. I propose, in the few
remarks which I shall make, to give something in
brief of the history, condition, and commerce of
Hayti and Liberia.
