1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
little, Howard, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
Powell, SauMmrv, Stark, Ten Eyck, WiHey, Wilson of
Misxomi, and Wright—17.  
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Cowan,
Fessenden.Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, King,
Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sumner, Tiumbull,
Wade, Wiltnot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—19,
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
WATER TAX IN GEORGETOWN.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
211) to authorize the corporation of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to levy and collcct a
water tax, and for other purposes, was considered
asinCommitteeofthe Whole. It proposes that the
Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen,and Common Coun-
cil of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
shall have full power and authority to levy and
collcct a tax not exceeding sixty ccnts per front
foot on all lots and parts of lots within the corpo-
rate limits in front of or parallel to which water
mains have been or may hereafter be laid; or, in
their discretion, to appropriate from the«corporate
funds generally so much money as may be neces-
sary to supply the inhabitants with Potomac water
from the aqueduct mains or pipes now laid or to
be laid in the streets by the United States; and to
make all laws and regulations for the proper dis-
tribution of the same, subject to the restrictions
prescribed by this act, and the actapproved March
3, 1859, and entitled " An act to provide for the
care and preservation of the works constructed by
the United States for bringing the Potomac water
into the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
for the supply of said water for all Government
purposes, and for the uses and benefits of the in-
habitants of said cities." The corporation is to
have full power and authority to collect such taxes,
when so fixed, in advance, or otherwise,through
such agents, collectors, or commissioneis, as they
may designate and appoint; and upon the failure
of any owner of lots to pay the taxes to sell the
.same; or to stop the supply of water to the same;
or to distrain and sell the personal effects of the
owner; and in the case of any sale the same pro-
ceedings are to be observed as are adopted in en-
forcing the collection of the general tax of the
town; and generally to enact such laws as may
be necessary to furnish the inhabitants of the town
with pure and wholesome water, and to carry into
complete effect the powers thus granted; but the
taxes levied by virtue of this act are never to be
a source of revenue other than as a means of sup-
plying the town witji water.
in levying the front foot tax, the corporation, in
all cases where lots may be situated at the inter-
section of two streets and fronting on the same, is
so to reduce and graduate the tax as not to ex-
ceed in all a tax upon one hundred feetfront; and
in all cases where property may have a front on
any one or moie streets of more than one hundred
feet, so to reduce and graduate the tax thereon as
not to cxceed a tax upon one hundred feet fiont.
AH ordinances and resolutions relating to the
distribution of Potomac water through the town,
and the collection of a water tax, and the ordi-
nances and resolutions heretofore passed by the
coiporation particularly mentioned in this section,
are ratified and confirmed.
In ease of a failure to pay any taxes whatever
laid by the corporation by virtue of its vested
powers, it is to be lawful to sell, in the discretion
of the collector or other proper officcr, cither the
real or personal estate, or both, of the delinquent
tax payer.
The person appointed to collect any taxes im-
posed by the corporation in pursuance of its vested
powers, is to have authority to collect the same
by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of j
the person chargeable therewith; but no such sale
is to be made unless ten days previous notice
thereof be given in some newspaper printed in the
District of Columbia; and the piovisionsof the
acts of Maryland now in force within the district
relating to the right of replevying personal prop-
erty taken in execution for public taxes, is to ap-
ply to all cases of personal property taken by dis-
tress to satisfy taxes imposed by virtue of these
corporate powers.
The corpoiation is to have power and authority
to repair any of the footways of the streets in the
town, and to impose and collect such tax on the
lots adjoining as may be necessary to pay the
expense.
So much of the first section of the actapproved
May 31, 1830, entitled "An act to amend the
charter of Georgetown," as provides that noth-
ing in the act shall change the manner of giving
notice of the sales of property owned by persons
not residing in the Districtof Columbia, is hereby
repealed. Some provisions of acts heretofore
passed are repealed to avoid a conflict between
the enactments.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed, read the third time, and passed.
HIGHWAYS IN WASHINGTON COUNTY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
124) relating to highways in the county of Wash-
ton and District of Columbia was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. If this bill be passed
it will be lawful for the levy court of Washington
county to alter, repair, and regulate tl;e public
roads and highways in the county, and to layout
additional roads. All roads within the county of
Washington which have been used by the public
for a period of twenty-five years or more as a high-
way, and have been recognized by the levy court
as public county roads, and for the repairs of
which the levy court has appropriated and ex-
pended money, are declared public highways,
whether the same have been recorded or not; and
any person who shall obstruct the free use of them
without authority from the.levy court will be sub-
ject to a fine for each offense of not less than $100
or more than $250, to be imprisoned till the fine
and the costs of suit and collection of the same
are paid. The fines are to be collected in the name
of the United States for the use of the levy court.
Within one year from the passage of this act the
levy court is to cause the surveyor of the county
of Washington to survey and plat all such roads
as are named in the last preceding section, and
have the same recorded among the records of the
county now used for recording suiveys and plats
of other public county roads; and in making the
survey, the county surveyor is to follow as nearly
as possible the lines anil boundaries heretofoie
used and known as a highway,and cause the lines
and boundaries of the same to be permanently
marked and fixed by the erection of stones or
posts at the different angles thereof.
All such roads as are named in the second sec-
tion as have been obstructed by any person in any
manner within the last six years, are to be re-
opened by the levy court, if, m the judgment of
that court, the public convenience requires it; and
the expenses incurred are to be paid by the per-
son who obstructed them, and be collected as
fines are required to be collected. Hereafter, in
laying out new roads in the county of Wash-
ington, the levy court is to cause the roads to be
of a width of not less than fifty nor more than one
hundred feet, as the levy court may deem bestfor
the public interest; and, for the purpose ofopen-
ing the roads, the levy court is empowered to cause
to be condemned any lands necessary for the same,
as other lands are now condemned bylaw. In
any case where materials shall be necessary for
making or repairing a public road, if the levy
court cannot agree with the owner as to their pur-
chase, the couit may proceed in the same manner
for condemning the materials as m eases of con-
demnation of land for the purposes of a public
road. No firld or garden or yard in actual culti-
vation , is to be laid open or used as a public high-
way until after the usual time of taking off the
crops growing thereon.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional scction:
Jlndbcit further cnacfcd, That the requirement in the
exi-tiri<* lawn that momhoM of tlio levy couit shall be up-
appointed irom among the justices ofthe peace in the county
ot Washington, is heieby icpealed.
I will merely state that under the laws as they
now exist no person can beamemberof the levy
court of Washington county (which corresponds
to the boards of county commissioners in some
States and to the county judge in other States)
unless he is a justice of the peace. Under this
condition of things, some persons are appointed
justices of the peace merely for the purpose of
becoming members of the levy court, and they are
required to qualify as justices. The purpose is
to authorize the President of the United States to
appoint a member of the levy court without his
having jfirst to be appointed a justice of the peace.
It seems to me there can be no objection to it.- It
is desired, I believe, by the community.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
CIRCULATION OF SMALL NOTES.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
193) to repeal that part of an act of Congress that
prohibits the circulation of bank notes of a less
denomination than five dollars in the District of
Columbia, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to repeal the second and sixth sections of an act
entitled "An act to suppress the circulation of
small notes as a currency in the District of Co-
lumbia," approved December 27,1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered,
to be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
the circulation of bank notes of any kind is law-
ful in this District, and whether there is any law
for it?
Mr, GRIMES. If the Senatorasks me whether
there is any law for the circulation of bank notes
issued by banks of the District 
Mr. COLLAMER. That is what I mean.
Mr. GRIMES* Ttho.re is no such law. I un-
derstand there are no banks that have charters in
this District; but this bill does not relate to them.
We have in this District four*or five banks that
are doing business without any charters. The
Senator from Missouri, who is a colleague of mine
upon the Committee on the District of Columbia,
[Mr. Henderson,] has had i eferred to his special
chargc the subject of banks in this District, and
he can inform the Senator from Vermont "better
that I can. 1 understand him to have investigated
the subject, and to report that there is no legally
existing chartcr for any of the banks in this Dis-
trict; but this bill does not relate to that. We
have a law upon our statute-book which declares
that the circulation of no bank notes shall be per-
mitted in this District, no matter where they are
issued or by what banks they are issued, of a less
denomination than five dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, is this proposition
to lot them issue and use fractional bills for twen-
ty-five cents and fifty cents?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does this limit.it?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; this bill merely re-
peals that portion of the law which says, that, for
instance, the Senator from Vermont, when he
comes here with three or four Vermont bills in
his pocket, and undertakes to pass them for some
necessary article that he may choose to purchase,
shall not be liable to a fine for having done so.
That is all.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should never be troubled
about being fined for passing money, for I never
have any. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. That is the purpose and object
of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire, if it be practica-
ble, that it shall be so amended as not to justify the
circulation of fractional bills.
Mr. GRIMES. It does not authorize the cir-
culation of bills of any denomination. It merely
says that that law now on the statute-book which
makes it an offense to receive a bill issued in New
York or Vermont shall be repealed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not care where it is
from.
Mr. GRIMES. I know the Senator does not
care so that he gets the money. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. What I want is to provide
against the circulation of any bill under one dollar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is not
now open to amendment. The Senator can only
reach his object by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to reconsider the!
vote ordering the bill to a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now open to amendment.
