1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
the person of an individual irrespective of the law,
would convcit this Government into an absolute
government. It is doing no more than is claimed
by the Emperor of Russia, and exercised by the
Emperor of Russia, the Emperor of Austria, or
the Emperor of Franco, which are mere Govern-
ments of will—the power of the reigning prince
to hold at his own personal will the personal lib-
erty of every individual within his territorial juris-
diction. That is the effect of it.
I hold that no such power exists. I hold that
this is a Government of laws, and that the Pres-
ident of the United States is bound by that Gov-
ernment; that where the laws are not suspended
by the territory being1 in possession of an enemy,
be it foreign or domestic, the President is bound
by those laws just as much as the meanest citizen
of the land. The Constitution, when it secured
thatrightofpersonalliberty and protection ofprop-
erty against seizure by the Government, meant to
secure it against the exercise of arbitrary power or
the government of will, under any circumstances
whatever, be they peace or war; because it is cer-
tainly true, though the mere remedy, the writ of
habeas corpus, which brings it for judicial action
before the courts, may be suspended by the au-
thority of Congress in case of invasion, which
means foreign war, or rebellion, which means
civil war, yet there is no exception in that clause
of the Constitution which guaranties the right that
every man has to his personal liberty and to a
speedy trial by due process of law, wherever the
laws of the United States extend, and its Con-
stitution is in operation; and there is no exception
as to the question of peace or war, which deprives
the citizen of that protection against the violation
of his rights on the part of the Government.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question before the Senate is on
the amendment moved by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, to add thereto the words, " or
the actual seat of military operations."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. BROWNING. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, in line two
of section two, after the word " whomsoever," to
insert the words:
In any State or disti let which has been, or may hereafter
be, declaied by the Pie^dent of the United Suteb to be m
a state ot insurrection ;
So that the section will read:
That any attempt by any paity or patties whomsoever, in
any State or dHtuct which lias been, or may heieafter be,
dfclaicd by the President of the United Staler to bo in a
slate of insurrection, to n^ist 01 interfere with the unre-
sttaiued use by Government of the piopettv deseiihed in
the piecedmg scutum, 01 any attempt to lnjuio destroy
tne property afoiesaid. fhal! be punished as a miiitaiy of-
fense by death, or such other penalty an a couit-maitial may
impose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest a modification
of that amendment, which I think would perhaps
be better, and would extend a little fuithei. In-
stead of the words which I have already proposed,
I desire to insert these words:
In any State or distuct in which the law-; of the United
States are opposed, or the execution theieofobstiueted by
in>urgents and rebels ag<un?t tiie United States too power-
ful to be suppressed hj. the otdiuaiy eouisc of judicial pio-
ceedmgs."  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois can modify his own amendment; and
the question will now be on inserting those words
after the word " whomsoever," in the second hne
of the second section uf the bill.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the amendment; and as I suppose it wtil
not be m order to do so after that amendment shall
be adopted, I wish to move an amendment as a
substitute for the entire section, which I will read.
I move to stiike out all of the section after the
enacting clause, and to insert the following:
That anv p(-*r<on nr pf't ^n^ who ?diall attempt, witlnn the
lines of the Army ot the United States, to roM>t or mteilVie
with the uvuehtnuned use bv the Government ot the pmp-
erty desenbed in the preceding section, or who -shall make
any attempt to mjuie or destroy the piopeity aforesaid, shall
be treated as s-pies or emissaries ot the enemy, and be pun-
ished as mihUiy ofiVnilera by death, or such other penalty
as a couit martial may impose.
I should like to have it restricted in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Browning]
being to strike out and insert new matter, the first
question will be on perfecting the matter moved
to be stricken out. The question will therefore
first be taken on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 14, noes 13; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting, and the business of the Senate is
suspended for want of a quorum.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DOOLXTTLE. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The {Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BROWNING (after first voting in the neg-
ative) said: It is manifest there is no quorum pres-
ent, and I believe I will change my vote and vote
"yea." I do hot feel disposed to sit here and
wait for a quorum.
The result was then announced—yeas 17, nays
18; as follows:
YEx^S — Mesons. Bayard, Hrowning, Clark, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hams, Johnson,
Peaiee, Powell, Willev, WiSmot, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wil-on of Missouri—17.
NAYS—Messr-j. Carlile, Chandlei, Doolitlle, Foster,
Hale, Howard, Howe, Kins?. Lane of Indiana, MeDongall,
f'omcioy, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilkinson—18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment moved by the Senator
fiom Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and the Chair
will call for another division on that question.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment wiil not
be adopted, for it seems to me to be perfectly in-
definite as to what it means. I do not know what
is meant by the term " within the lines of the
Army," or anything about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatis not the amendment
that is pending. The question is now on my
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair an-
nounced the amendment pending to be the one
moved by the Senator from Illinois on the left of
the Chair.
Mr. WADE. Then I was mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state what the amend-
ment is, and 1 hope all the Senate will vote upon
it. It piovides that the provisions of this second
section shall operate in all States and districts of
country where the judicial authorities are over-
borne by the rebels, so that judicial process can-
not be executed. That is not the exact wording,
but that is the purport of it. I am willing to vote
for the section with this amendment in it, and then
it will apply in all pa its of the country except
where the judicial tribunals arc in operation.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. I fear we shall be without a
quorum unless we call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hrow nine, Carlile, Clark, Davis, Fessen-
den, Foot, Giimes.IIanjs, Howard, Howe, Pearce, Powell,
Rice, S.iubbuiy, Sumnei, Trumbull, Willev, WilsQn of
Massachusetts and Wilson of Missoun—19
NAYS—Me^sis. Chandlei, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle,
Foster, Halo, Johnson, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
MeOoucall, Pornerov, Sheiman, 'J'en Eyck, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and VVihnot—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois, [Air. Browning,] which will
be redd by the Seen Luy.
The Seeietaiy rcod the amendment, to strike
out the whole of the section after the enacting
clause, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Tint any person or pennons who shall attempt withm
the lino* oi the Arm v of the United States to legist or mter-
feie with the unstrained ine by the Government of the
propeity d<jhcnbt:d in the preceding section, or who bha.ll
m.'ke anv attempt to nipue or deploy the property aioie-
s.ud, -dial! be tieated as spte* or emissaries oi me enemy, and
be pum>h'nl as nniitaiy utVendci* by death, or such other
penaltv as a court-martial nt.iv impose.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 believe that I shall call
for the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«r«. Biownnig, Clark, Cowan, Davis, Fes-
senden, Grimes, Harris, Howe, Latham, IVlcDougall, Rice,
Saulsbiuy, Sherman, Willey, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts— 1">.
NAYS-—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Dixon, Doolittie,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Howard, Johnson, King, Lane of In-
diana, Pomerov, Powell, Sumner, Ton Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Missouri—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now I hope we shall take
the vote on the bill.
Mr. BROWNING. If it is in order, I should
like to move an amendment to the first section of
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out in the fifteenth
line after the word " President," the words, " so
that they shall," and to insert the words, " who
shall consent so to enter into the service of the
Government and to;" and to add at the end of the
section the following words:
And if any of the employes aforesaid refuse to enter into
the service of the United States upon the conditions afore-
said, they shall be immediately dismissed, and others em-
ployed who will consent to become a part of the military
force of the United States, subject to all the restrictions im-
posed by the mies and articles of war.
So that the clause will read:
To place under miiitaiy control all the officers, agents,
and employes belonging to the railroad and telegraph lines
thus taken possession of by the President, who shall con-
sent so to entei into the service of the Government and to
be considered as a part of the military force of the United
States, subject to all the restrictions imposed by the rules
and articles of war; and if any of the employes aforesaid re-
fuse to enter into the service'of the United States upon the
conditions afoiesaid, they shall be immediately dismissed,
and others employed who will consent to become a part of
the miiitaiy force ot the United States subject to all the rc-
stuctions imposed by the lules and articles of war.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will not
be agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope it will be agreed to.
We certainly should not take a man and subject
him to the articles of war without his consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment consists of two separate, distinct branches,
but the question will be put on both together un-
less a division he demanded.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by inserting; after the word " restrictions,"
the words, " and penalties," so that they shall be
subject to all the penalties of the articles of war.
Mr. BROWNING. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
accepts that modification. Itiscompetentfor him
to do so, and the amendment is so modified.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays on
the amendment as modified.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to say one Single word.
If we do not adopt the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, and this bill should be
cnaeted into a law to-day, the man who is in the
employment of a railroad company in the State of
Michigan, if the President sees fit to take posses-
sion of it, immediately becomes subject to all the
liabilities, the penalties, and the restrictions—in
the phraseology of the Senator from Illinois—of
the articles of war, to which he has never for one
single moment given either his implied or his pos-
itive assent. I protest against that as a violent in-
fringement upon the rights of the citizen. I say
that you have no right in the present condition of
the country to impose any such liability as that
upon a man without his consent. The Senator
from Illinois has very wisely provided in this
amendment that if there be any one who is not
willing to subject himself to this volume of miii-
taiy law, of which he knows nothing, of which
he never saw a copy, which he never read, that
it is incumbent on the officers of the Government
to discharge him and take othcis who are willing
to serve in that capacity, and subject themselves
to that penalty. It is possible that there may not
be a single man connected with any of these com-
panies who is unwilling to subject himself to these
penalties; but there may be one, and if there were
only one in ten thousand, it is not for us to im-
pose such penalties and liabilities upon him at the
present time.
Mr. CARLILE. At a time like this, sir, when
the Government is struggling for its existence, I
believe that it has the light, and it should impress
into its service every citizen necessary to protect
its life. Therefore,! shall vote against the amend-
ment, and in favor of the bill as it stands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Cowan, Davis, Fessenden,
