2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
their duty to watch over and to protect commerce.
They have connection with merchants. They are
sometimes selected because they are merchants,
while ministers resident too often are selected be-
cause they are noisy politicians. If we look
abroad into the second-class missions of Europe,
we see them lounging about the cafes in the con-
tinental cities or swelling in grandeur through the
effete republics of South America,doing very little,
if any thing at all, to promote foreign commerce
with the United States. Therefore all this argu-
ment in relation to the amount of commerce be-
tween this country and Liberia and Hayti goes
for nothing, so far as this recognition is concerned.
All this talk of commerce is a mere pretext; con-
sular agents may not only do the duties which
are proposed in this instance, but they are espe-
cially made the guardians of such interests. I
will refer to Vattel on this point. On pages 147
and 148, he uses the following language:
" Among the modem institutions for the advantage of
commerce, one of the most useful is that of con&uJs, or
persons residing in the large trading cities, and especially
the sea-ports, of foreign countries, with a commission to
watch over the rights and privileges of their nation, and to
decide disputes between iter merchants there. When a na-
tion trades largely with a country, it is requisite to have
there a person charged with such a commission; and, as
Ihe State which allows of this commerce must naturally fa-
vor it, tor the same reason,also, it must admit the consul."
**********
"The consul is no public minister (as will appear by
what we shallsay of the character of ministers in our fourth
book), and cannot pretend to the privileges annexed to such
character. Yet, beanug his sovereign's commission, and
being in this quality received by the prince in whose do-
minions be resides, he is, in a certain degree, entitled to
the protection of the law of nations. The sovereign, by
the very act of receiving hnn, tacitly engages to allow him
ail the liberty and safety noccssary to the proper dischaige
of his functions, without which the admission of the consul
would be nugatory and delusive." * * * *
"And, though the importance of the consular functions be
not so great as to procure to the consul's person the invio-
lability and absolute independence enjoyed by public minis-
ters, yet, being under the peculiar piotection of the sover-
eign who employs him, and intrusted with the care of his
concerns, if lie commits any crime, the respect dup to his
master requires that he should be s>ent home to be pun-
ished."
For the privileges of consuls with reference to
commerce, their police j^ower over sailors and
ships, their jurisdiction in certain cases over a
whole country for the protection of trade, I refer
to the full discussion in 2 Phill, 370, &c.
I can plainly perceive, as was remarked in the
Senate, that the revenue from our commerce with
Turkey, Portugal, the Papal States, Denmark,
Sweden and Norway, Switzerland, Japan, and
the Central American republics, is so insignificant
that the expense of entertaining missions at their
respective Courts becomes an unnecessary burden
on the Treasury. In times like these when the
strictest economy is necessary, when we are over-
taxing ourselves to create enough revenue to meet
our expenses, wchad better suppress all sinecure
missions than run into other sinecures, like these
missions to Hayti and Liberia, becausc of the
precedents quoted.
I take it for granted, then, that consuls can at-
tend to all our affairs at those countries; and again
I ask, why do we not suppress these sinecure
missions instead of creating two new ones—one to
Hayti, where Europe has none but consuls gen-
eral, at the same time clothed with the title of
charge or diplomatic agent, and another to Libe-
ria, where Europe has none but consuls and vice
consuls.
Accordingto Gotha's Almanac, Hayti has the
following agents from the countries trading with
it: England, consul general and charge d'affaires;
France, same; Spain, consul general; Portugal,
consul general, and Holland, consul general. The
United States, Belgium, Bremen, Denmark, Ham-
burg, Hanover, the Italian kingdom, Oldenburg,
Mecklenburg-Schwerin, Austria, Prussia, and
Sweden and Norway have only consuls.
Hayti returned to England one minister resident,
one secretary of legation, and three consuls; to
France, the same thing; to Austria, Belgium,
Denmark, and Hamburg, one consul each.
Now we come back to the question, what is
the need of aminister resident at Hayti; and why
ao we want another in return? Is commerce
your object? You can get that by the mode pro-
posed in my amendment. I ask the gentleman
from IViassachusetts whether hecxpects a minis*
tcr in return. Of course ho does.
Mr. GOOCH. My proposition is to pul Hayti
upon the same footing with other independent
nations, and to receive ministers from her as
England and France and other continental Powers
receive them.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts intends to let Hayti and Liberia send as
ministers whomsoever they please to this coun-
try. If they send negro ministers to Washington
city, the gentleman will say, they shall be wel-
comed as ministers, and have all the rights of
Lord Lyons and Count Mercier. They cannot
send any one else than negroes, as representatives
of their nations. Indeed, a negro, by the con-
stitution of Hayti, is the only person who can
hold such an office. That constitution debars
whites from office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What objection can the
gentleman have to such a representative?
Mr. COX. Objection? Gracious heavens! what
innocency! Objection to receiving a black man on
an equality with the white men of this country?
Every objection which instinct, race, prejudice,
and institutions make. I have been taught in the
history of this country that these Commonwealths
and this Union were made for white men; that
this Government is a Government of white men;
that the men who made it never intended, by any-
thing they did, to place the black race upon an
equality with the white. The reasons for these
wise precautions I have not now the time to dis-
cuss. They are climatic, ethnological, econom-
ical, and social. It may be, the gentlemen on the
other side intend to carry out their schemes ot
emancipation to that extent that they will raise
the blacks to an equality in every respect with
the white men of this country. I suppose they
want to approach that object by having a colored
representative in the capital at Washington. Is
not that your object? I charge that it is. Do you
not want to begin by giving national equality to
the black republics? After having obtained the
equality of black nations with white nations, do
you not propose to carry the equality a little
further, and so make individual, political, and
social equality?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gentleman can draw
such inferences as he pleases; but he will state his
own reasons, and not ours.
Mr. COX. If I draw my own inferences, I
might draw a great many about the gentleman
from Maine. I recollect that the gentleman stated
thathe would rather thattheUnion should notbe
restored than thatslavery shouldcontinue. Idraw
some remarkable inferences from such language
He is, therefore, consistent and logical in trying
to get at black equality. If slavery is not abol-
ished, he is adisunionist. He isfor its abolition,
and hence favors this plan of equality, to welcome
tlie enfranchised, when the scheme is fully ripe.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. The othcrday, when
we had a bill before the House for the emancipa-
tion of the slaves of rebels, I offered an amend-
ment for their colonization, against which the gen-
tleman voted 
Mr. COX. Yes, I did.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That looks as if
the gentleman wanted to keep the negroes here on
an equality with us. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman laughs and others
laugh around him. It is only the crackling of
thorns under a pot. There is no inconsistency in
my proposition. I voted against the proposition
to colonize the negroes not because I did not be-
lieve, if this emancipation took pl.ace, the eman-
cipated slaves would not be better apart from the
whites,and better outof the country; butbecause
I am not prepared, in view of the great expense
which sucli a proposition would incur, to add now
to our present heavy taxation.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. My amendment pro-
poses that the negroes should be apprenticed, and
that the receipts should go to pay the expenses ot
their removal.
Mr. COX. I know that idea was ingrafted as
an amendment to some other wild proposition;
but it was one of those delusive, Utopian schemes
for Federal supervision over a system of labor,
which, I thought, did not come from the practical
good sense which distinguishes the gentleman
from Missouri, and the distinguished family from
which he springs. [Laughter.] But why does
the gentleman come forward to lecture me for not
voting for his bill? Why does he not turn round
and lecture some of his confreres upon the other
side of the House? Let him secure a majority of
his own friends first in favor of his proposition,
and then he can appeal to us.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman will
allow me to say that a majority upon this side of
the House voted for it. Fifty-odd Republican
members voted for it, which covers more than a
majority of the Republicans who voted.
Mr. COX. Why do you not lecture those of
them who did not vote for it?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have been lec-
turing them all winter. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I am afraid that my friend is too
good-humored. He ought to use something in his
lecturing beside mere easy talk. A little of the
lash might do some of his party friends good.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The use of the lash
has almost gone out even with the negroes. It
may still be retained upon that side of the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. No, sir; it is not. The gentleman
can see how perfectly free and easy we are over
here. [Renewed laughter.] There is no sort of
coercion or compulsion about us.
Now, I want to say to my friend from Missouri
just this about his propositions: they emanate,
I know, from the very best of motives. He wants
the ne'groes transported as soon as they are freed,
but he is in a minority in his party.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. It does notappearso.
Mr. COX. He is in a minority among those
who control his party. The men who control our
legislation here are those who say that the negro,
if he is born here, has the same right to live in
America as the white man has; that he is entitled
to freedom in locomotionandemigration; thatyou
cannot force him out of the land of his birth, and
that it is his inalienable right to be free. That is
your language; thatis your philosophy; and you
yourself,sir,do not propose, in your own bill, any
coercion of the blacks to make them go outof the
country. Indeed, your bill repudiates compul-
sion. You cannot compel.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am so thoroughly
a democrat, and have such confidence in the peo-
ple, that I believe that when you present to any
people that which is for their best interests, they
will adopt it. I do not believe, as the gentleman
and some others seem to, that these people have
not sense enough to do what is for their interest.
I believe that negroes understand what is good
for them as well as other persons do.
Mr. COX. If these negroes will not go volun-
tarily, will you make them go after you free them?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. So far as I am con-
cerned, I have not the least hesitation in saying
that I would be in favor of deporting these slaves
when emancipated.
Mr. COX. And that is your idea of the God
given right of liberty, is it? Oh !
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; I would
give them the right of liberty where they can en-
joy real liberty, and not where, as in both the
slave and the free States, they enjoy no liberty
and nothing that makes liberty sweet to man. I
go for giving them a country and a home, and
complete liberty in that country, where they will
bo superior to any other race.
Mr. COX. Well, there is a great deal of good
sense in that. The free blacks ought to be trans-
ported from this country; as Jefferson said, when
free, tiiey are better away from the whites.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am sorry the gen-
tleman did not vote with me, and show the same
sort of good sense and consistency.
Mr. COX. I am perfectly consistent, sir; but
I never will vote for schemeslikethat of thegentle-
man, which proposes to create more free negroes,
when we cannot as yet send off the free negroes
we have; and because I believe that, in spite of
everything that he can do, it will entail an expense
that no people can meet, and that our people now
cannot meet. I am with the gentleman in desiring
to send the freed black men out of the country , or
at least in preventing any more from coming into
my own State. The State of Indiana excludes
them, and I believe has, like the State of Illinois,
a colonization fund to pay their way out of the
country. I wish the State of Ohio had the same
thing, and then, instead of the census showing in
Ohio an increase in the ratio of the free colored
population of our State over the whites, it would
show a decrease in proportion to the white race,
as is the case in Indiana and Illinois.
