520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
s, Harris, Howe, Latham, PotviJI, R ce, SauLbuty,
bull, Wiiley, Wilson of Massachusetts, and WiLou
Grimes.,
Trumbull,
Of Missouri—15.
NAYS—Mpssra. Carlile, Chandler, Ciark, Dixon, Doo-
littie, Foot, Foster, Hale, Howard, Johnson, King, Lane
of Indiana, McDoujall, Poraeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADE. There has been a modification
suggested to me which I think perhaps should be
made in the bill. It is to strike out all after the
word " be,"in the eighth line ofthe third section,
and to insert the words (l submitted to Congress
for their action." The award of these commis-
sioners is made final in the bill, but this amend-
ment will direct them to make their awards to
Congress for their action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSecretavy
will read the amendment submitted by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The Secretary read it, to strike out all after the
word " be" in the eighth line of the third section,
in the following; words:
" Final, and the amount shall he paid to the party entitled
thereto out of any money in the Treasury not otheiwise
appiopnated."
And to insert in lieu thereof the words (t sub-
mitted to Congress for their action;" so that the
section will read:
Sec - 3. Jlndhc it further enacted, That throe commission-
ers shall be appointed by the Pi esident ol the United Slates,
by and Willi the advice and consent of the Senate, to assess
and determine the damages s-uffoicd, or the compensation
to which any railroad or telegraph company may be entitled,
by icason of the railroad or telogiaph line being seized and
used under the authority conierred by this act, and their
awaid shall be submitted to Congress tor their action.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in. •
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
read, and was read the third time.
Mr. GRfMRS. t ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi-. BROWNING. In myjudgment, the Presi-
dent has now full power to obtain every good end
tiiat can bo reached by the bill. There are some
things in it that do not meet my approbation, and
which £ cannot vote fur consistently with the obli-
gations that 1 feel to the Constitution. I shall theie-
foie vote against the bill, believing that everything
food in it can be attained without it, and that the
ad ouiiht not to become a law.,
Mr. GRIMES. 1 agree fully with the speeeh
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. POWELL. Believing this bill to be a
violation ofthe Constitution of the United States,
I shall vote against us passage.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2,'), nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Me-^rs. C.ulile, Chandler, Cl.uk, Divon, Doolit-
tle, Foot, Hale, jloivml, ilou'e, Johnson, iuii<j, Lane of
Indiana, Latham, Pomnoy, Ilico, Sherman, Suninei, Ten
Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson of Ma^siichu-
eou-s and Wii-on oI'Misj-ouu—03
NAYS—Mcsms. Crownins, Cowan, Davis, Fo^enden,
Fo-ter, Grimes Harns, Mci)ougalJ, Powell, SauLsbmy,
Tuimbull, and willey—12.
So the bill was passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 224) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending (he 30th of June, 1863, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr, COWAN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 28, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Alfred Ely, a Representative from the
State of New York, appeared in his scat.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a correspondence between the Secretary
of State, the Spanish minister, and the Secretary
of the Navy, concerning the case oftiie bark Prov-
idencia, a Sonnish vessel, ceizui on her voyage
from Havana to New York by a steamer of the
United States blockading squadron; which was
referred to the Committee on For&ign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 238) to pay the expenses of the special
committee of the House of Representatives, ap-
pointed July 8, 1861, to ascertain and report in
regard to contracts with any Department of the
Government for provisions, supplies, transporta-
tion, &c.; when the Speaker signed the same.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the call of committees for reports.
MEMORIAL OF CONGREGATIONAL CHURCHES.
Mr. FENTON. I hold in my hand a paper
signed by delegates from the congregational
churches of Chatauqua and Cattaraugus counties,
New York, and Eiic county, Pennsylvania, ask-
mgCongress, in the exercise of their constitutional
power, lo pass an act declaring freedom to all the
inhabitants of the land. It is an important paper,
and 1 ask to have it road to the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. It can be presented under
the rules I presume.
The SPEAKER. The paper can be presented
under the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate of the United States,
by Mr. Forney, their Secretary, announced that
the Senate have passed a joint resolution (No.
39) providing a stenographer for the joint com-
mittee appointed to inquire into the conduct of the
war, m which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill of the
House (No. 2-17) for the relief of William Y.
Strong.
Also, that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 150)
making appropriations for consularand diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1863, and additional appropriations foi
the year ending 30th June, 1862; insist on their
amendments to the said bill disagreed to by the
House; and ask a conference with the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and have appointed Mr. Fessendex, Mi\Pearce,
and Mr. Sumner the managers at the said con-
ference on their part.
SURRENDER 01* FORT FILLMORE.
Mr. WATTS. I rise to a privileged question.
On the 4th of December last 1 offered a resolution
of inquiry, directed to the War Department, in
regaid to the surrender by Major Lynde and his
force of Fort Fillmore, in Now Mexico. In the
New York Tribune, of the 27th 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from New Mexico that newspaper-ie-
ports are not questions of privilege unless the gen-
tleman proposes an investigation.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of (he Whole on the
state of the Union. We are very anxious to finish
the bill which was under consideration last even-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Lovejoy in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 208) making
appropiiations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862.
Mr. IiOLMAN. 1 desire to call the attention
of the House and of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to a single fact. Yes-
terday the following clause was under considera-
tion:
Library of Congress:
For compensation of hbrauun, thiee assistant libiarlans,
messengers, and laborers, $10,000.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair would remind
the gv-nilemun that debate is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
ofthe committee to make an inquiry.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I made the inquiry yesterday
whether or not §10,000 was the same sum that
was appropriated by the last Congress for the same
purpose. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means stated that the estimates sent
down to his committee fixed the amount at $10,000,
but did not know whether that was the sum ap-
propriated last year or not. I find on looking over
the appropriations of the last Congress that the
sum appropriated for this purpose was only §9,000,
and I tiust the House will consent to reduce this
item to the amount appropriated last year.
Mr. STEVENS. Before we get through with
the bill I will look into the matter, and if the
amendment suggestedby the gentleman is proper,
there will be no objection to it.
The Clerk read the following clause:
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For contingent expenses of the office, $1,500.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means received a communication from the De-
partment, and have had an interview with the
Fourth Auditor, who has convinced them that
§2,200 was the proper sum, instead of $1,500.
1, therefore, move to strike out "$1,500" and
insert " $2,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clauses;
For the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building, including the extension:
For compensation of twelve watchmen and eleven labor-
ers ofthe Southeast Executive Building, $13,800.
For contingent expenses ofsaid building, fuel, light, labor,
and miscellaneous items, .$20,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of tho chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether there is any necessity for an increase of
the appropriation in that last clause ? I find that
§10,000 was appropriated for this purpose in the
last appropriation bill, and the amount is now in-
creased to §20,000. The inquiry I make is whether
any special cause has sprung up since the last
Congress that requires this increase?
Mr. STEVENS. I am not certain what the
"Southeast Executive Building" is. If it is
the Treasury Department, it is known that that
building has been very considerably enlarged, and
hcnce, I suppose, this increase is necessary. I do
not know the Treasury building by this name;
but I suppose it is that. I suppose that in con-
sequence of the enlargement of the building an
increase of force is necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. That could not double the
amount of the expenses. I move to strike out
" §20,000," and insert " §10,000," which is the
amount that was appropriated last year.
Air. STEVENS. I find on page 27 of the esti-
mates this item:
For the purposes of the Southeast Executive Building,
including the extension.
I suppose the increase is owing to the comple-
tion of that building and filling it up with offices
and clerks. Such are the estimates of the Depart-
ment. I hope, therefore, that the item will be
allowed to stand.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. May I be permitted to inquire
ogam, what is the necessity for increasing the ap-
propriation for the Secretary of the Interior and
the clerlfs m his office ? The amount appropriated
last year was §36,900, and the amount reported
in this bill is §41,700. I believe there is no pre-
tense that the labor of the Department of the In-
terior has been increased since last Congress; but
it has been, on the contrary, largely diminished.
Why, then, is this item increased from §36,900 to
§41,700? Instead of retrenching and reforming
the expenses of the Government, every item shows
an increase. The expenses of administering this
Government, so far as the civil departments are
concerned—which are not affected at ail by.the
prosecution of the war—will exceed by millions
those of last year.
Mr. BLAKE. The increase of this item is
made necessary by the taking of the census, which
requires a large force, if the gentleman will turn
to the estimates, he will see why the increase is
made.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana indicate an amendment?
Mr HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
