1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
154S
committee no doubt; but the bill as it is willaccom-
plishall thatitcan accomplish ifthe amendmentbc
placed upon it. It is not intended to interfere with
the banks. Now, in lefcrcnce to that question I
will state that there is an application here on the
part of the banks of the District that they be per-
mitted to issue small notes. There are five banks
here. I believe they arft solvent; so far as my in-
formation extends they are perfectly so; and in all
probability the issue of paper by these banks would
be a very great convenience to the people of the
District. The banks here are owned by men who
are perfectly solvent, they having organized, as I
undei stand, as a copartnership of individuals, and
issuing paper as a copartnership and not as a cor-
poration; and perhaps it would be a very great
convenience to the people of the District to ena-
ble these banks to issue notes, but so far as I am
concerned 1 shall vote for no such proposition in
the present condition of affairs, simply because
there are legally no banks here. It is true they
have legal opinions to the effect that they can go
on and issue paper, that they have authority to
emu bills of credit, although they are not author-
ized to do so by any act of incorporation, and al-
though then* charters have expired; but I am not
disposed to suffer them to issue any more paper
than they have already in circulation, anyhow.
It is not the fault of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, as intimated by,the Senator
from New Hampshire, that these banks, or the
individuals owning the banks, have not been pros-
ecuted for a violation of law. If they have issued
bills of credit, if they have emitted batik notes in
the District contrary to the law, surely it is not
our fault, but it is the duty of the executive offi-
cers to prosecute them. Under the act of 1854
they do not issue paper less than five dollars in
amount; and if this bill be passed they will still
labor under that prohibition and cannot issue small
paper. The remarks made by the Senator from
Illinois are perfectly correct on this subject. The
amendment accomplishes nothing. The banks
cannot issue small notes, and will not be permit-
ted to do so unless we pass the bill, which, at their
request, as 1 learn, has been placed before Con-
gress, enabling them to issue bank notes of a less
denomination than five dollais. They are not
authorized to issue any bills, in my view. I have
not examined the legal question; they have the
legal opinions of able counsel upon the subject
that the stockholders having organized as copart-
nerships, being individually responsible for their
issues, may issue paper, and that they have au-
thority to do it under the laws as they exist here.
That is a question to be considered, whether in-
dividuals as a copartnership can issue paper at all
to pass as a circulating medium without an act of
incorporation. That will be a question for con-
sideration when the other bill conies up before the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I happened to be a member of
the House of Representatives when this state of
things originated, and it was brought upon this
District fiom the refusal of the then Congress of
the United States to rccharter the banks of the
District. A notion was got up in the country
about that time that we should have a hard cui-
rency, and it was that idea which intervened and
prevented a recharter of the Disti ict banks. They
had suspended spccie payments, J think, about
the time of the general suspension in 1842. It
was said m Congress by the friends of the stock-
holder in those banks, thatunless some lawwas
passed which would permit them to collect their
debts by suit they would lose them; and a law for
that purpose, and for no other purpose, if I recol-
lect aright, was passed. Underthat law, I under-
stand that some of these coiporatois claimed the
right to hank in perpetuity. ^Thatwas novei the
purpose or tin: object of the law passed by Con-
gress, but it was simply to prevent loss to the
stockholders by allowing them to collect thcii
outstanding debts.
Now, I would respectfully suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, for I have always been a true and uniform
friend of this District, that the committee report
a bill repealing the law which authorized the ex-
isting hanks of that day to collect their debts—
ther<j is no longer any leason for its continuance
1 ptesume—and to giant proper and well guarded
ciuuteis to such other banking companies us may
ask for regular charters, and to permit the com-
panies which shall be thus regularly chartered to
issue notes of a less denomination than five and
over the amount of one dollar. The act of 1844
was never intended by Congress to authorize
banking, but it is claimed now by those who are
acting under it to give them perpetual banking
powers. I do not think this privilege which is
now proposed to be extended to regular banks of
issuing notes under five dollars, should be allowed
to these irregular corporations. It would seem to
me, therefore, to be entirelyjust, and according; to
true and sound policy that that lav/ under which
they claim perpetual banking powers should be
repealed, and that proper and well guarded char-
ters for a suitable number of banks for the District
should be passed by Congress at its present ses-
sion, and that those banks under the new charter
should be permitted to issue notes of a less denom-
ination than five dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
New Hampshire to the amendment moved by the
Senator from Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the bill
read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire, as it has been in-
serted in the bill, effects nothing in my judgment.
If these irregular associations, by a law which
was never intended to have that effect, are author-
ized to exercise banking privileges, they will have
the right to issue these notes of a less denomina-
tion than five dollars. What is to prevent them?
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will read the laws
that have been passed within the last twenty years
in regard to banks in this District, and then read
the decisions that have been made by the judiciary
within the same time, he will sec that there may
be some necessity for this proviso. The con-
struction of the judiciary has been, in numerous
instances, something that no human ingenuity
could ever have argued fiom the laws themselves;
and my amendment, if it does nothing else, will
defeat a construction that might be put upon it by
the judges.
Mr. DAVIS. I give up in despair; I can do
nothing with the Senator fiom New Hampshiie.
[Laughter.]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SUFFRAGE IN THIS DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
230) to amend an act entitled ** An act to continue,
alter, and amend the charter of the city of Wash-
ington," was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes that the fifi'i section of the
act approved 17th of May, 1818, entitled " An act
to continue, alter, and amend the charter of the
city of Washington," be so amended that every
free white male citizen of the United States who
shall have attained the age of twenty-one years,
and shall have resided in the city of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, six months immedi-
ately preceding the day ot election, and shall be
a resident of the ward in which he shall offer to
vole, and shall have been returned on the books
of the corporation during the year ending the 31st
of December next preceding the day of election,
as subject to a school tax for that year, (except
persons non compos mentis, vagrants, paupers, or
persons who have been convicted for any infa-
mous crime.) and who shall have paid the school
taxes and all toxes on personal property due trom
him, shall be entitled to vote for Mayor, members
of the Hoard of Aldermen, and Board of Common
Council, and astse^sors, and for every officei au-
thorized to be elected in the citv of Washington
under any law of Congress; andall laws or parts
of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act niv to be lepealed.
Mr. GRIMES. It is proper that I should say
that the City Councils have protested against the
passage of this bill; and although it was approved
by a inajoiity of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, yet from a conference with the mem-
bers of the committee since the meeting to-day, I
doubt if a majouty of them arc now in favor of
it. I am not particular myself as to its passage,
and am simply desirous that the Senate should
understand its import, and I leave it to the good
judgment of the members here present without
any special recommendation from the committee
on the subject. The bill reduces the? period of
time a person is required to reside in the District,
in order to become a voter at the city election,
from twelve months to six months. That is the
whole scopc of the bill. I'have nothing further
to say on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator from
Iowa to amend the bill, if ft; is going to pass, so
as not to have the payment of a tax a condition
on which a man may vote.
Mr. GRIMES, it is so now.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be the law now, as
the Senator says. I know very well that in the
community where I live, there were sometimes
conditions annexed to the right of voting, and so
many conditions that the effect was to prevent a
portion of the citizens from voting at all. The
Senator must be aware that if the parties charged
with the collection of the tax choose not to assess
a man to the school tax, he cannot vote under this
bill. In this way one party might deprive their
opponents of voting forever. Suppose a party
should want to perpetuate themselves in office in
this District, all they have to do is to neglect to tax
the other parly with the school tax and they
thereby deprive them of the right to vote. For
my own part, I believe a man should vote, if he
has the other qualifications, without being com-
pelled to pay a tax. A man may not be taxed by
no fault of his. If a law now exists on the stat-
ute-book requiring the payment of a tax as a con-
dition to the right to vote, I think it is high time
it should be repealed.
As a general thing, I believe a residence of one
year is required in the States as establishing the
citizenship of a man before he is allowed to vote;
but in the Territories six months' residence has
generally entitled a man to vote; I knowit was so
with us when we were a Territory. As the cit-
izens of this District generally come from the
States,there may be reasons why sixmonths'res-
idence should be enough to entitle a man to vote
here. But the point i'have m my mind is, that
if the bill is to pass, it should be amended so as
not to require the payment of a tax as a condition
precedent to the right of voting. If a man pays
the tax assessed on him, he is a very good citi-
zen; but if the authorities neglect to tax him, it is
no reason why he should be debarred from voting.
I hope the Senator will amend his bill in that par-
ticular, and then we shall pass it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think it is pretty mani-
fest, from what the chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia states, that there is
no special desire for the passage of this bill at this
time. He states that the City Councils have pro-
tested against it; and in relation to another matter
this morning it has been seen that that reflects the
views of the people of the District to a certain
extent; and he also states that the majority of the
committee themselves, since the bill was first re-
ported, are not in favor of its passage; and I
presume that is the true state of the case. The
people of this District resemble very much the
people of the States, and the usual plan has been
to require a residence of twelve months before
voting. I hope we may have avotc,and that the
bill may be rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amend ment.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all that relates to the payment of a tax
as a condition of voting. I do not know the lan-
guage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be in-
definitely postponed. In mostof the States of the
Union one yeai's lesidence is required; and I do
not see why it should be lessened in this District.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio takes precedence. It
is moved that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to hear
the bill read. I was out when it came up.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should lik^to ask
the chairman of the committee what residence is
required now >
Mr. GRIMES. Twelve months.
| Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am in favor of six
i months without any taxes.
| The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
! postponed indefinitely.
