1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
37th Coi\tg....2j) Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
sary. There will be required to pay for vessels
purchased, and for necessary alterations incurred
plc-
tion of twenty iron-clad vessels, $12,000,000—
making a total of $16,530,000. This sum is inde-
pendent of the estimates submitted for the next
fiscal year, and being required for current ex-
penses as well as objectsof immediate importance,
it is desirable should receive early attention from
Congress.
The estimates submitted by this Department
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, amount
to $44,6x.)5,065 02, viz:
Foi the Navy ptoper jftll.OOG^SO 2.">
Foi the. mau.ie coi pa " ]'.iur>,635 77
For navy-yaid^, hospitals, magazines, mid
miscellaneous objects  2,-123,478 00
The reports of the chiefs of the bureaus and
comman-lant of the marine corps, with their ac-
companying estimates, exhibit in detail the object
for which the appropriations are required. I
would also refer to these reports as containing in-
formation and suggestions in regard to matters
pertaining to the several departments of the naval
service.
conclusion.
In concluding this report, it gives mc pleasuie
to acknowledge the important aid I have received
in the administration of the Department from the
zealous and very efficient cooperation of the As-
sistant Secretary and the clerical force of the De-
partment proper, and from the chiefs of the sev-
eral bureaus, and those performing public duty
under their immediate superintendence and direc-
tion.
To the patriotic officers of the Navy, and the
brave men who, in the various scenes of naval
action have served under them, the Department
and the Government justly owe an acknowledg-
ment even more earnest and emphatic. Coinage,
ability, unfaltering fidelity, and devotion to the
cause of their country, have been the general and
noble characteristics of their conduct in the ardu-
ous and important service with which they have
been intrusted. I state with all confidence, that
in their hands the historic renown of the Ameri-
can Navy has been elevated and augmented. In
this convulsive crisis of our country the duties
of this Department have been new and heavy,
and its responsibilities great. I have met them
all with entire honesty of purpose, and have la-
bored assiduously and faithfully to discharge them.
The result of my labors I respectfully submit to
you, and through you to the judgment of Con-
gress and the country.
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the .Navy.
The President.
Report of tlie Secretary of Hip Treasury.
Treasury Department, December 0, 1861.
Sir: The Secretary of the Treasury, in obe-
dience to law, submits the following report to
Congress:
The general principles by which, as the Secre-
tary conceives, the administration of the public
finances should be regulated, with a view to in-
sure the desirable results of efficiency, economy,
and general prosperity, were set forth, with as
much clearness and plainness as he is capable of,
in his repoit made to Congress on the 4th day of
July last.
In that report, also, the Secretary submitted to
the consideration of the Legislature the measures
by which, in his opinion, the pecuniary means
necessary to the speedy and effectual suppression
of the gigantic rebellion set on foot by criminal
conspiracy against the Government and the peo-
ple of the (Jutted States might be most certainly
and most economically obtained.
The estimates uf the several Departments then
laid before Congress by the Secretary contem-
plated an aggregate expenditure, during the fis-
cal year to end on the 30th of June, 1862, of
$318,519,581 87.
To provide this sum, the Secretary proposed
, such modifications of the tariff and such internal
j taxes as would, in his judgment, produce the sum
■ of $80,000,000, and such loans, in various forms,
| not exceeding in their aggregate §250,000,000, as
i would yield the required residue.
Without adopting all his recommendations in
regard to customs and internal taxes, Congress
made such provision for both as was deemed
necessary to secure the sum proposed to be de-
rived from those sources, and authorized loans,
in the mode and to the extent proposed by the
Secretary, for obtaining the additional sum re-
quired by the estimates.
it now becomes his duty to give some account
of the execution and practical operation of these
measures; and in the performance of it he solicits,
first, the attention of Congiess to that pai t of them
relating to loans.
The acts authorizing loans provided—
First. For a national loan of $100,000,000, or
any larger sum, not exceeding the whole amount
authorized, in bonds or Treasury notes, bearing
7.30 per cent, interest, payable three years after
date, and convertible at or before maturity into
twenty years' six per cent, bonds.
Secondly. For a loan in Europe, or in the Uni-
ted States, at the discretion of the Secretary, of
$100,000,000, payable twenty years after date,
and bearing interest not exceeding seven per
cent.
Thirdly. For the issue, in payments to public
creditors, or in exchange for coin, of Treasury
notes payable one year after date, bearing an in-
terest of 3.65 per cent., and convertible into the
three years' 7.30 bonds or Treasury notes.
Fourthly. For the issue of notes, payable on de-
mand and lcceivable for all public dues, to be used
as coin in payments and exchanges.
The nggiegate of notes of the two last descrip-
tions was limited to $30,000,000, in denomma-
tion.s less than fifty, but not less than five dol-
lars.
A further authority was conferred by the act to
issue Treasury notes of any of the specified de-
nominations, beaimg six per cent, interest, and
payable not over twelve months from date, to an
amount not exceeding $20,000,000.
To provide for immediate exigencies was the
first duty of the Secretary; and he performed it
by issuing, under authorities confei red by various
acts, for payment to public creditors, or for ad-
vances of cash, $14,019,034 66 m Treasury notes,
payable m two years, and bearing six per cent, in-
terest, and $12,877,750 in Treasury notes, bear-
ing the same rate of interest, but payable sixty
days after date.
His next care was to provide for the regular
and continuous disbursements of the war, under
the acts of the July session, and with this view
he carefully examined the various powers con-
ferred on him; compared the probabilities of the
Ameiican and European markets for capital; and
considered the relative advantages and disadvan-
tages of the several forms of loan authorized.
His reflections led him to the conclusion that
the safest, suiest, and most beneficial plan would
; be to engage the banking institutions of the three
J chief commercial cities of the sea-board to ad-
vance the amounts needed for disbursement m the
1 form of loans for three years' 7.30 bonds, to he
, reimbursed, as far as practicable, from the pro-
, ceeds of similar bonds, subscribed for by the peo-
1 pie through the agencies of the national loan;
' using, meanwhile, himself, to a limited extent,in
| aid of these advances, the power to issue notes
i of smaller denominations than fifty dollars, pay*
j able on demand.
; Upon this plan he hoped that the capital of the
1 banking institutions and the capital of the people
might be so combined with the credit of the Gov-
ernment, in a proper provision for necessary ex-
penditures, as to give efficiency to administrative
action, whether civil or military, and competent
support to public credit. The result thus far has
fulfilled that hope.
Representatives from the banking institutions of
the three cities, responding to his invitation, met
him for consultation in New York, and, after full
conference, agreed to unite as associates in mon-
eyed support to the Government,and to subscribe
at once a loan of $50,000,000, of which $5,000,000
wore to be paid immediately to the AsaistantTreas-
urers, in coin, and the residue, also in coin, as
needed for disbursement. The Secretary, on his
pari, agreed to issue throe years' 7.30 bonds or
lreasury notes, bearing oven date with the sub-
scription, and of equal amount; to cause books of
subscription to the national loan to beimmediately
opened; to reimburse the advances of the banks,as
far as practicable, from this national subscription;
and to deliver to them 7.30 bonds or Treasury notes
for the amount not thus reimbursed. It was fur-
ther understood that the Secretary of the Treasury
should issue a limited amount of United States
notes,payable on demand,in aid of the operations
of the Treasury, and that the associated institu-
tions, when the lirst advance of $50,000,000should
be expended, would, if practicable, make another,
and when that should be exhausted, sull another
advance to the Government of the same amount,
and on similar terms.
Tiie objects of this arrangencnt were, first, to
place at the command of tho Government the
largo sums immediately needed for (he payment
of maturing Treasury notes, and for other dis-
bursements, ordinary and extraordinary; second,
to secure to tho people equal opportunity with the
banks for participation in the loan; third, to avoid
competition between theGoveinmentand the. asso-
ciated institutions in the disposal of bonds; fourth,
to facilitate and secure further advances to the
Government by the associates, if required; and,
fifth, to insure, if possible, the maintenance of
payments in specie, or its actual equivalents and
lepresentatives.
All these objects were happily accomplished.
Fifty million dollars were immediately advanced
by the banks. The Secretary caused books of
subscription to be opened throughout the coun-
try, and the people subscribed freely to the loan.
The amounts thus subscribed were reimbursed to
the. banks, and the sum reimbursed, though then
covering but little more than half the amount,
enabled those institutions, when a second loan
was required, to make a second advance of
$50,000,000.
Thus two loans of $50,000,000 each have been
negotiated for three years' 7.30 bonds at par. The
first of these loans was negotiated, and the fust
issue of bonds bears date, on the 19th of August;
the second on the ]sf of October, 1861.
On the 16th of November a third loan was ne-
gotiated with the associated institutions, under
the authority given to the Secretary to borrow a
sum not exceeding $100,000,000, in Europe or
the United States, at a rate of interest not ex-
ceeding seven percent. As no reasonable pros-
pcct appeared of obtaining terms equally advan-
tageous by advertisement, and as it was manifestly
for the interest of the Government to negotiate at
home rather than incur the expense and hazard
of negotiation abroad, the Secretary, under the
authority of the seventh scction of the act of
August 5, 3861, arranged this third loan, also
with the associates, by agreeing to issue to them
$50,000,000 in six per cent, bonds, at a rate equiv-
alent to par for the bonds bearing seven per cent,
interest, authoiizcd by the actof July 17. This
negotiation, though less advantageous to the Gov-
ernment, considered under the light of a simple
money transaction, than the two prior loans, was,
in some respects at least, more so. It was cou-
pled with no arrangement for reimbursement, and
entailed no immediate expense on the Treasury,
beyond that of preparing and issuing the bonds.
It was coupled, also, with an undeistanding in
the form of an option to the associates, that on
or after the 1st of January, a fourth advance of
$50,000,000 should be made, on the same terms
with the first and second, if practicable and required
by the Secretary.
In addition to the loans thus made, the Secre-
tary has issued United States notes, payable on
demand, in denominations of five, ten, and twenty
dollars, of which there were in circulation,accord-
ing to the last returns, on the 30th day of Novem-
ber, 1861, $21,165,220; and there remained in the
Treasury at the same date, $3,385,105. The
amount thus issued, so far as it enters into the
circulation of the country, may be regarded as a
loan from the people, payable on demand, with-
out interest.
