1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2903
Mr. JULIAN. In the State of Indianathe black
law is notoriously a dead letter upon our statute-
book.
Mr. HOLMAN. Theconstitutionalprovision,
andthe law made in pursuance of it prohibiting
the immigration of free negroes into Indiana, may
be inoperative in that part of the State which my
colleague represents, but I am very sure that in
that portion of the State which borders upon Ken-
tucky the people have deemed it necessary, as a
measure of policy, and to protect their own inter-
nal interests, to enforce the law, as a general thing,
although there may have been recently violations
of the constitutional provisions.
I will say further, that so far as the question of
colonization is concerned, although Indiana, in
accordance with her policy to separate the races,
has made an appropriation for the colonization of
her free colored people of $5,000 annually, up
to this time, if there has been a falling off m the
black population of the State, it has resulted from
the effect of our policy of exclusion, and not from
a willingness on the part of the colored people to
emigrate to Liberia. I do not know of a single
instance in my own part of the State where a ne-
gro has consented to voluntary colonization, al-
though ample provision has been made for it, and
although the State has offered every inducement,
among others to purchase land in Liberia, for
those who would emigrate, and a provision for
their temporary support. These inducements
have been without effect. The policy of volun-
teer colonization, so far as the State of Indiana
is concerned, is an entire failure.
Mr. JULIAN. I am willing to stand correctcd
as to the district represented by my colleague.
Mr. COX. I think I must go on with my re-
marks. I have been led away altogether from the
course which I had marked out for myself in re-
gard to this bill. I intended to show the state of
society in Hayti; something of its commerce;
something of the condition of its Government, that
we might see whether there is any propriety in
our having a diplomatic functionary at that place,
and to have one from them in return. I shall, how-
ever, take an early opportunity of showing to this
House exactly what I conccive to be the effect ot
these schemes of emancipation and colonization,
especially in reference to tho free negroes and their
immigration into my own State. I made an issue
the other day with my colleague [Mr. Bingham]
on this subject, and I intend to pursue that is.sue
and to see whether or not the State of Ohio has
the right, and should exercise it, to keep out these
hordes of blacks that are now coming over into
Ohio. I know we cannot send them to Ilayti.
They will not go there. The idea of the gentle-
man from Missouri is utterly chimerical. They
claim the same right in this country that he has.
In the meetings at which they have assembled m
this city, the proposition to go to Hayti was made
to them, and they voted it down. It was so in
Boston .
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague have the
kindness to let me suggest here, as he proposes io
make an issue with me in our State 
Mr. COX. I joined issue with the gentleman
the other day.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not know that we had
joined issue so very formally, but will he have
the kindness to let me know how he proposes to
dispose of these free negroes? He says he will
not favor their compulsory emigration to Liberia:
where will he put them ?
Mr. COX. 1 said nota word about compulsory
emigration to Liberia. I will answer that ques-
tion , what I will do with them, at the proper time.
I will show the gentlemen where to put them. I
will put them where the Constitution puts them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I should like to know where
that is. "Where does the Constitution put any
free black man ?
Mr. STEVENS. Puts him in slavery, of
course. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I want to know that.
Mr. COX. I have some precious morsels on
that subject which I do not want to anticipate. I
will give my colleague a complete elucidation ot
the free negro question now assuming such vital
interest in the West. But one thlr_gi reiil not do—
favor the equality of blacks with whites, either
individually or nationally.
A few words before I conclude as to the Govern-
ment of Hayti. The present state of Haytien so-
ciety is divided in two political parties very dis-
tinct from each other—that of the blacks or pure
negroes, and that of the mulattoes or mixed race.
The former have the power, but are very igno-
rant; the latter embrace all the educated classes,
but are envied and suspected by the pure blacks,
and therefore kept by them under a species of
yoke similar to that of the " rayas" in Turkey.
As an illustration of the extreme ignorance of the
blacks, I will quote the words of PrcsidentPierrot,
in 1845, who pretended that all Haytiens who,
like himself, could not read, were to be consid-
ered blacks, and all those that read were to be
deemed mixed.
The Haytien black achieved his independence;
but as he has always present to his mind the fact
that he was a slave to the white, and has suffered
under him, he naturally hates him, and all that
have any connection with him. Hence the envy
and suspicion he entertains against the mulattoes,
whom he supposes to be the friends of the white,
and is plotting with him to bring the black back
to slavery. He has a dccided reluctance to every
kind of improvement proposed by the white or
mulatto, and he will not educate himself. The
pure blacks are in the proportion of nine to one,
and rule all. The administration of the Govern-
ment is ignorant, improvident, engaged m noth-
ing but uniforms and parade, inexplicable dumb
shows, and " negro shows" at that. They have
an army of forty thousand strong, in rags, and
scarcely one third armed, without any kind of
discipline, almost without officers, and whose pay,
small as it is, is neglected. They are the ebony
counterpart of Falstaff's company when he used
the king's press so damnably. They have a treas-
ury, kept up by paper money, the nominal value
of which, issued for one dollar, or gourde, has
fallen to twelve cents! They have an excessive
tariff on both imports and exports, from which the
State derives its revenue. There is great corrup-
tion in all the departments of their Government.
Several Members. They are on an equality
with this Government in that.
Mr. COX. That remark might well apply to
one Department; and if Hayti instead of Russia
had been selected by a former Cabinet officer for
his dishonorable retiracy, there would, I admit,
be a sort of fitness of things. [Laughter.]
Thus I have recounted ma desultory way—for
I did not expect Hayti in to-day—the condition
of one of the finest countries in the world, which,
had it been well administered, would really de-
serve its old name " the Queen of the Antilles."
This state of things is due to the fact that, for the
last seventy y< arsof their independence, the blacks
have been confined to themselves and have de-
clined all improvement or instruction—either in
law or economy. During this trial of seventy
yeais the blacks have proved that they are not lit
for government, norcompctent for independence.
The conduct of Spain, referred to by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Goocn,] proves
this.
To admit such a nation on a equality with this
fiee and enlightened Republic, is as much of a car-
icature on international comity as the admission
of a Port Royal contraband to a seat in Congress.
It is an indisputable fact that Hayti, with a pop-
ulation of over a half a million, and one of the
finest soils on the earth, productive of the rarest
articles, possessed of rich mines of gold, mercury,
iron, and coal—an Eldorado—has for the past sev-
enty years remained an unprofitable spot because
of the inability of its people to raise themselves
above the corruption, laziness, improvidence, ig-
norance, and vice which seem to follow the undi-
rected African wherever he goes.
It is said that England and France receive
charges from Hayti and Liberia. The Exeter
Hall abolitionists have perhaps made it possible
in London to have the negro recognized at Court;
but I understand that except on Court days, when
he is presented in that solemn scene of mockery,
he is isolated and slighted, except it may be in the
saloons of the Duchess of Sutherland or some
other inamorata of the African. In Paris we know
that any shosv from a puppet to a prince is a sen-
sation; and besides, there was some reason why
France should take Hayti under her protective
wing.
But unless gentlemen here propose equality, un-
less they intend abolition entire, there is nothing
logical in their pressing this bill. So long as they
suffer slaveholders and slave States to have or take
any part in this Union , it is an insult to bring into
the Federal metropolis this black minister pro-
posed by the gentlemen. What is it for unless it
be to outrage the prejudices of the whites of this
country,and to show how audacious the abolition-
ists can behave? How fine it will look, after eman-
cipating the slaves in this District, to welcom^her«
at the White House an African, full-blooded,-all-
gilded and belaced, dressed in court style, with
wig and sword and tights and shoe-buckles and'
ribbons and spangles and many other adornments
which African vanity will suggest! How sug-
gestive of fun to our good-humored, joke-cracking
Executive! With what admiring awe will the
contrabands approach this ebony demigod! while
all decent and sensible white people will laugh the
silly and ridiculous ceremony to scorn.
Mr. BIDDLE obtained the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN". Will the gentleman yield to
for a moment?
Mr. RIDDLE. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I notice that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
makes a provision in the way of compensation
for the consul general, provided for by his amend-
ment. The act of 1856 does not fix a definite
compensation, but leaves the salaries of consuls
general to range between $3,000 and $6,000. I
suggest to the gentleman from Ohio to modify
his amendment in that respect, and fix the salary
at $3,000.
Mr. COX. I accent the modification. I thought
the salary was fixed by law.
Mr. BIDDLE. I desire to submit a few re-
marks in advocacy of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] Coming from him
—a distinguished member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs—it shows that the committee is
not unanimous in recommending the bill as.it
stands. The bill, soamended, would meet,I hope,
the views of many constituents and valued friends
of mine, who have at heart the substantial inter-
ests of the colony of Liberia. It can enjoy, under
the provisions of this amendment, the fullest com-
mercial privileges. It will not have the honorary
distinction of diplomaticrepresentation, the neces-
sity for which has been, I think, over-estimated.
By the published tables, I do notfind that the com-
mcrce with Liberia and Hayti suffers under any
depression that might not be expected in times like
these. Consular representation has sufficed there,
cis it has in a great many other countries. A con-
sul or naval officcr may be empowered to make a
treaty, if one is needed. All this the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cox] has fully shown.
It is true that the consul now at Hayti—an in-
telligent gentleman from Massachusetts—is very
urgent on this subject; but m the letter from him,
alluded to by the gentleman who first addressed
the House, [Mr. Gooch,] I find stated what is,
perhaps, not the weakest motive for his urgency
to be ranked with the diplomatists. He says:
"Their hbeial salaries enable them to assume a style of
living and a place in the social world of Hayti entirely
beyond my reach."
Sir, this ambition to shine in " the first cir-
cles" is constantly prompting our representatives
at foreign Courts to ask for higher rank and higher
compensation; and, as constantly, this House has
refused to gratify that ambition. Somegentlemen
are willing I know to grant this diplomatic repre-
sentation, thinking it a small matter; if it be so,
let it wait till the day of small things. Tins is a
time when small things may have great signifi-
cance. But, sir, it is the present condition of the
African lace in this country, and the momentous
politicalquestionsconnectedwithit,which suggest
to my mind objections to our now entering into
new relations with these negro communities.
A short time since, the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] whom I have always regarded
as the Achilles of the Republican party, told his
party some plain truths. No man knows the
facts better than he does, "and he said:
"Every man acquainted with the facts knows that it is
fallacious to call this ' a slaveholders' rebellion ' If such
was the fact, two divisions of our Aimy could have sup-
pressed it without difficulty; the ncsioos themselves could
easily put down the two hundred and fitty thousand slave-
holders;" * * * * " a closer scrutiny
demonstrates the contrary to be true; Mich a scrutiny de-
monstrates that the rebellion onginatcd chiefly with the
non-slaveholders resident in the strongholds of the institu-
tion, not springing, however, from any love of slavery, but
