24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 9,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
A brief recapitulation will exhibit the general
result:
There were paid to creditors, or exchanged for coin at pir,
at different dares in July and August, six per cent two
yean* note*, to the amount of,.  $14,019,034 66
Theic was lion owed, at pai, in the same
months, upon sixty days' six per cent.
notes, the sum of.  12,877,750 00
There was borrowed, at par, on tiie 19th of
August, upon three ycatV 7.30 bonds, is-
sued, for the most part, to subscribers to
tho national loan 1  50,000,000 00
There was borrowed, on the Istof October,
upon like securities .... 50,000,000 00
TJhmo vvd-5 boriowed, at par lor peven per
oent., on the 10th of Novembei, upon
twenty years' >i\ percent, bonds, reduced
to the equivalent of sevens, including in-
tercut  .13,705,478 45*
There have been WMied,and weie in circu-
lation and on d<-poMt with the Tre;tMiier,
on the 30th of November, of United States
notes, payable on demand  *24,i>r>0,&J3 00
Making an ablegate, realized from loans m
vauous foims, of $197,-J4^..")8S 11
While success thus complete has so far attend-
ed the measures relating- to loans, tho Secretary
regrets to say that the iceeiptsof revenue from
duties have not, as yet, fulfilled the expectations
indulged at the date of his July report.
The act modifying the rates of duties which re-
ceived the final sanction of Congress, differed, in
several respects, from the measure which he had
the honor of submitting to their consideration. In
most of these particulars, especially in the dimin-
ished duties on lea, coffee, and sugai, and in the
exemption, from the operations of the ad, of
goods in warehouse and on slnpboaid, the diffei-
ence, however warranted by considerations of
general policy, was certainly disadvantageous to
the revenue, while another,ami perhaps more po-
tential cause of reduced receipts, may be found in
the changed circumstances of the country, winch
have proved, even beyond anticipation, unfavor-
able to foreign commerce.
At the date of his report, the Secretary counted
on a revenue from customs, for the financial year
1862, of $57,000,000, but the e.iieumstances to
which he has just adverted now constrain him to
reduce ihU estimate to $32,19$,602 55.
The receipts from customs fur the first quarter,
ending on the.3(hh September, were #7,198,602 55;
while the receipts {or the three remaining quar-
ters cannot Ik; safely estimated at more than
$25,000,000, making the a^renaie for the year ihe
sum just mentioned, at 55.
I he estimates of lee,ejpts from lands and mis-
cellaneous .souices must also be ledueed fioni
$3,000,000 to $2,.'f5J,06"2 b'9, of which $354,062 fci9
were received during I he quarter ending 30th Sep-
tember, 1&61, and $2,000,000 are tin? estimated le-
ceipts i)t (he three remaining qmuters.
1 he only other source of revenue which prom-
ises an addition to tho resources of the year is the
direct tax authorized by Congress, from which,
if increased to the limit proposed by the Secre-
tary, and assumed by the States, the further sum
0^20,000,000 inti)| be expected.
i he aggregate of revenue from nil sources may,
therefore, bo e«umnt<>d at $54,552,665 44, which ,
.H less by $25,447,334 56 than the estimate of!
July. I
iliis reduction, howovn, though lar^e, would i
not have compelled jjje Secretary to ask any ad- '
ditional powers foi the negotiation of loans, be- j
yond those asked for in Jns July report, had q
appropriations and expenditures been confined '!
within the estimates then submitted. jl
1 heso estimates, it will be remembered, con- ij
templated expenditures in all departments, and for j;
all objects, to the amount of $318,519,581 f*'7. Of:,
this sum ^185,296,397 19 were for additional ap-'!
propnauons required hy the Depai tment of War; ,!
and $17,632,105 09 for appropriations already !j
made lor that Department. The basis of the 1
estimates for these additional appropriations was :i
tlie undemanding that it would be necessary to ■
bring into the field, for the suppression of the re- 1
belhon, twohundred and fifty thousand volunteers ,
in place of the seventy-five thousand drafted mili- j
tia originally called out, and to increase the reg- I
ular Army by the addition of eleven new rcgi- j
merits; makingatotal force, including the regular Ij
Army already organized, of about three hundred !l
thousand men. After estimates for this force had
been furnished to the Secretary, in accordance
with law, and Ins own report, founded upon them,
had been closed, the President thought it expe-
dient, in order to make the contest short and deci-
sive, to ask Congress to place at the contiol of the
Government at least four hundred thousand men
and $400,000,000. In the number thus called for
the regulars were included. Congress, animated
by the same desire for a short and decisive con-
test, went beyond this recommendation of the
President, ana authorized the acceptance of vol-
unteers m such numbers, not exceeding five hun-
dred thousand, as he might deem necessary. Con-
gress also authorized the whole increase of the
icgular Army estimated for by the Department,
and provided further for additional companies and
for new officers in several branches of the military
service.
The action of Congress, therefore, contemplated
j the employment, if necessary, of a force, mclud-
! nig the existing regular Ai my, of about five hun-
dred and fifty thousand men. To insure its effi-
ciency, the President was uu tho i ized toappomtany
number of major generals and brigadier generals
he might think necessary, and to increase the staff
of major generals in the field by discretionary
appointments of aids-de-camp, with various rank,
from caputin to colonel.
This large increase of the Army in men and
officers, and the liberal additions made by Con-
gress to pay and rations, has augmented, and
must necessarily augment, expenditure far beyond
the limit indicated by the ouginal estimates; and
the limit must be still further extended by the
additional sums required for the increase of the
Navy, and for other objects.
To meet these increased demands, arising almost
wholly from the increase of the Army and Navy
and the increase of pay and rations beyond the
original estimates, large additional appropriations
liavc been and will be necessary.
Of these additional appropriations $47,985,56G 61
were authorized by acts of the last session, and
$143,130,927 76 are now asked for; making an
aggregate increase, including $22,787,933 31 for
indefinite appropriations and redemption of tem-
porary debt, beyond the estimates of July, of
^13.904,427 68.
To provide the large sums needed for the dis-
bursements of the current year, and the large
sums which the exigencies of the succeeding year
may reqnuc, will necessarily engage the most
serious anention of Senatoi s and Repieseutatu es.
The fn.stgreatohject of reflection and endeavor,
in the pid^ment of the Secretory, should be the
leduction of expenditure within the narrowest
practicable limits. Retrenchment and reform are
among the indispensable duties of the hour. Con-
tracts for supplies to the Army and Navy, as well
as for public work of all descriptions, should be
subjected to strict supervision, and the contractors
to rigorous responsibility. Ail unnecessary offi-
ces should be abolished, and salaries and pay
should be mateualiy icduced. In these ways the
bin dens of tho people, imposed by the war, may
be sensibly lightened; and tho savings thus effected
will be worth more in beneficial effect and milti-
enee than the easiest acquisition of equal sums '
even without cost or liability to repayment. ;
While thus recommending retienchment and '>
the jnevention of abuses, the Secretaiy feels him- i
self constrained to renew the suggestion hereto- |
fore submitted by him, that the property of rebels I
should be made to pay, in part at least, the cost !
of rebellion. Pioperty of great value in loyal ;
States is held by proprietors who arc actually or ,
virtually engaged in that guilty attempt to break !
up the Union and overturn its Government, which
lias brought upon our country ail the calamities j
we now endure. That property ts justly forfaited !
to the people, and should be subjected, with due
regard for all rights and interests concerned, to .
sequestiation or confiscation, and the proceeds !
should be applied to the satisfaction of claims
arising from the war. j
Property of rebels in rebel States should be <
treated in like manner. Rights to services, under !
State laws, must, of necessity, form an exception i
to any rule ofconfiscation. Persons h^ld by rebels, !
under such laws, to service as slaves, may, how- '
ever, be justly liberated from their constraint, and
made more valuable in various employments,
through voluntary and compensated service, than
if confiscated as subjects of property.
Whatever may be saved by retrenchment, how-
ever, or exacted from rebellion, large sums must
remain to be provided for by taxation and loans.
Already in a former report the Secretary has
had the honor of stating the principles by which,
as he conceives, the proportions of taxation and
loans should be determined. Reflection has only
confirmed his opinion that adequate provision by
taxation for ordinary expenditures, for prompt
payment of interest on the public debt, existing
and authorized, and for the gradual extinction of
the principal, is indispensable to a sound system
of finance. The idea of perpetual debt is not of
American nativity, and should not be naturalized.
If, at any time, the exacting emergencies of war
constrain to temporary departure from the prin-
ciple of adequate taxation, the first moments of
returning tranquillity should be devoted to its re-
establishment in full supremacy over the financial
administration of affairs.
It is now even more apparent than at the date
ot the July report that duties on imports cannot
be relied upon as a source of revenue sufficient
for the proper objects of taxation. Some modi-
fication may, perhaps, be judiciously made of the
existing tariff, and some increase of revenue may
in this way be probably obtained. But existing
circumstanccs are not propitious to a wise and
permanent adjustment of imposts to the various
demands of revenue, commerce, and home in-
dustry. The most sacred duty of the American
people at this moment requires the consecration
of all their energies and all their resources to the
reestabhshment of union on the permanent foun-
dations of justice and freedom; and while other
nations look with indifferent or unfriendly eyes
upon this work, sound policy would seem to sug-
gest, not the extension of foreign trade, but a
more absolute reliance, under God, upon Ameri-
can labor, American skill, and American soil.
Freedom of commerce is, indeed, a wise and noble
policy; but to be wise or noble, it must be the
policy of concordant and fraternal nations.
In accordance with these views, the Secretary
begs leave to recommend that the duties on tea,
coffee, and sugar be increased to the rates hereto-
fore proposed; that is to say, to two and one half
cents per pound on brown sugar; to three cents
on clayed sugar; to twenty cents per pound on
green tea, and to five cents per pound on coffee;
and that no other alterations of the tariff be made
during the present session of Congiess, unless
further experience or changed circumstances shall
demonstrate the necessity or expediency of them.
All considerations of prudence and patriotism seem
to concur in favor of giving to the existing tariff
a full and fair trial, and of reserving the work of
revision, modification, and permanent settlement
for more propitious days.
It has been already remarked that the receipts
of revenue from duties, dm ing the first two quar-
ters of the current year, have not equaled expect-
ation. It is highly probable, however, that the
revenue of the two last will very considerably ex-
ceed that of the two first quarters of the year. A
considerable improvement m the condition of trade
and industry is clearly perceptible, and promises
to be permanent. An increase of the revenue
from customs may therefore be reasonably antici-
pated.
It is quite clear, however, that no anticipation
of levenue from imports, sufficient in amount for
the various demands of ordinaly and cxtraordi-
| nary expenditure, can be wisely indulged, so long,
; at least, as the existing contest shall be prolonged;
i nor is it probable, should the debt created in the
j suppression of t lie rebellion reach very large pro-
] portions, that the customs revenue will suffice for
. those demands during the first years after the res-
! toraiion of peace.
! It becomes the duty of Congress therefore to
I direct its attention to revenue from other sources,
to consider the character and extent of the pro-
vision made at its last session, and the expediency
of further provision of a similar character.
The provision made at tho last session was of
two descriptions: first, a direct tax of 4.20,000,000,
