1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
SCHOOLS IN WASHINGTON COUNTY.
: Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 240.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 240) to provide for the pub-
lic instruction of youth in primary schools through
out the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, without the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown.
Mr. GRIMES. Before the bill is read, I wish
to propose some amendments on which the ques-
tion can be taken altogether. In line seven of sec-
tion nine, after the word " the" and before the word
" taxable,'' I move to insert the word " white;"
in line nineteen of section nine, before the word
" inhabitants," insert the word " white;" in line
thirty-three of section nine, after the word " dis-
trict," insert the words "owned by white per-
sons;" in line forty-six of section nine, before the
word "citizens," insert the word "white;" in
line four of section twelve, after the word " dis-
trict," insert the words " owned by white per-
sons;" in line seven of section thirteen, after the
word " Georgetown," insert the words " owned
by white persons;" in line twenty-two of section
sixteen, bet ween the words " the"and " taxable,"
insert the word " white;" in line seven of section
twenty-two, between the words "of" and "chil-
dren," insert the word "white;" in hne one of
section thirty-three, after the word " any," insert
the word " white." The purpose is to make the
bill conform to the views of the committee—the
bill was not printed in consonance with their views
—and to confine the levy of taxes to white per-
sons in the District, and to open the schools to the
admission of white children.
The amendments were ngreed to.
Mr, GRIMES. I now move another amend-
ment, to be inserted as an additional section of the
bill:
8ec.—. And be it further enacted, That the said levy
court may, in its discretion, and if it shall be deemed by
said court best for the interests and welfare ot' the colored
puople residing in enid county, levy an annual tax of one
eighth of one per cent, on all taxable property m said county
outside of the limits of the cities of Washington and George-
town owned by pnsons of color, for the purpose of initiat-
ing a system of education of colored children in said county
which tax shall he collected m the fame manner a* the tax
named in section thirteen of tins* act. And it s-hall he the
duty of the tuHteoss elected under section nine i<> provuk
suitable and convenient rooms for holding sehooN, to em-
ploy teachers iherelbr, and to nppiopnate the pioceed^ of
said tn.\ to the payment oi tcaelniV wages, icutof f-ehool-
icorns, fuel, and other necessary cApense> pi'tuimn" to said
school; toexciet&o a geneial supeivlsdon over them ; to es-
tablish proper di*eip!in«, and to endeavor to frame a lull,
equal, and uaeful in«tiuetion of the eoloied children m wild
county. It .shall he Inwtui (or haul nueces to mipo>e a tax
of not more tliun fifty cents pei month on the parent or
guaidiau of each child attending Midi school, to be applied
to the payment of the expenses of the school of whieh such
child bhaUbo an attendant; and m the exercise of this power
the trustees may from time to tune discontinue the pay-
ment altogether, or may giaduate the tax aeeoiding to the
ability of the child and the wants of the school. And said
trustees aie authorized to receive any donations or contri-
butions that may be made for ihc benefit of said school by
per.-ous disposed to aid in the elevation of the colotcd pop-
ulation of the District of Columbia, and to apply the same
in such manner as in their opinion shall be he^t calculated
to effect the objects of the donor- ; said trustees being ic-
quired to account for all the funds received by them and
to report to the commissioners in accordance with the pto-
visions of section twenty-second oi this act.
The amendment was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) Is it thedesneof the Senate to
have the bill lead. ['' Oh, no."]
The bill was rcpoi ted to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was road a third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a very long bill.
I have very great confidence m the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and I presume it is all
right; but it seems to me the bill ought to be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is desired
by any Senator, the bill will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill of a dozen pages
or more, and perhaps that is the very reason why
no one is willing to have it read. I do not like that
way of doing business. However, I shall not insist
on its being read for my benefit. I have looked
over it hastily since it has been called up at my
desk. I have not been able to read it all through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator as desiring the bill to be
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I have called
attention to it. I have endeavored to glance at this
bill at my desk since it has been taken up. It is
true it has been printed, and every Senator has
had an opportunity to read it; but I have not
availed myself of my opportunities.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that this bill is pre-
cisely similar to one that passed the Senate some
years ago, with the exception that it exempts the
property of colored persons from tax, and with
the exception also of the new section which I
proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the chairman of the
committee if this is not the bill that was under
discussion about two years ago ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; this bill has not been
under discussion since I have been in Congress.
The bill which was under discussion,and to which
the Senator refers, was in regard to schools in the
city of Washington. This is copied from a bill
which was passed at the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
It was a printed bill when I got hold of it; and
the only changes that have been made in it are
those that I have stated. But, of course, I am
willing to sit and hear it i*ead, if it is required. It
only changes it in this regard, that it exempts
property 
Mr. KING. I think it had better be read.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read it; but was
interrupted by
Mr. LATHAM. I move the further reading
of the bill be dispensed with. It is quite evident
that no Senator on the floor is paying any atten-
tion to it.
Mr. KING. Weil, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be interposed the further reading will be dispensed
with.
Mr. FOSTER. In order that the reading may
not be lost, I will call attention to the phraseology
of the eighth section. It reads thus;
vflnd be it further enacted, That on or about the second
Monday in May, in the year 1863, and annually thereafter,
the said levy court shall appoint one of said board oi com-
miJ>Moner-9 from each piimaiy school district, &e.
It seems to me that phraseology is a little pecu-
liar—on or about the second Monday in May,
1S(>3, and annually thereafter. It is not quite as
precise as 1 think legislation ought to be. 1 move
to strike out the words, " or about."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been read a third time, and it will be necessary to
reconsider the vote ordering it to be engrossed for
a third reading.
Mr. FOS TER. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move to strike out those
words, " or about."
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was ngreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take
up the confiscation bill, in order to leave it as the
unfinished business.
The motion wns agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 151)
to confiscate the property and free the slaves of
rebels.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to give notice to
the Senate that I shall call up the bill on Monday,
when I shall undertake to reply to all the strict-
ures which have been made in regaid to the bill,
and vindicate both its constitutionality and expe-
diency; and 1 shall press its consideration from
day to day until it is disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
'Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope my friend will
withdraw that motion. I desire to have an exec-
utive session for a moment.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that motion will be
agreed to.
The question being put, there were, on a divi-
sion—ayes 14, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES. I move thatthe Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, dpril 4, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ARMY TELEGRAPH.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting communications and estimates by Major
Myer,-signal officer of the United States, in refer-
ence to a movable electric telegraph to be used with
the Army in the field; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
INDIAN DEPARTMENT PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting evidence and information called for
by resolution of the House of Representatives of
24th ultimo, respecting Indian department prop-
erty in Utah Territory, accompanied by the re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in rela-
tion to such property as was returned by Brigham
Young and Jacob Forney, while acting as super-
intendents of Indian affairs in said Territory;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PENSION TO VOLUNTEERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Attorney General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of 1st instant, a copy of
the Attorney General's opinion of 11th ultimo, rel-
ative to the laws conferring pensions on wounded
and disabled volunteers, and on the widows and
children of such volunteers as die or may be killed
in the service; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
IiKPORT ON WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Punting, reported the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That ten thousand extra copies of the final re-
poi t of the commission on war claims at St. Louis he printed
ior the use of the liouse.
DEMOCRATIC CONFERENCE.
Mr. VALLANDIG1-IAM. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to make a statement m ref-
erence to the Democratic conference of last week.
Messrs. BLAKE, WASHBURNE, and others
objected.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HANCHETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the Northern Pa-
cific Railroad Company; which wns read a first
and second time, and referred to the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad.
PROPOSITION TO DISCHARGE COMMITTEE.
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent to
have the Committee of Claims discharged from
the further consideration of the papers in the case
of Mr. Blake.
Mr. VALLANDIG1-IAM. I object.
JAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of resuming the consider-
ation of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the biil (H. R. No. 31,2) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
