186 J.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
of which £,14,846,018 was apportioned to States
and Territories acknowledging their obligations
to the Union, and J5,153,982 to States the citizens
of which repudiate those obligations, and arc in
open rebellion; and, secondly, an internal duty of
thiee per centum on all annual incomes, with cer-
tain exceptions and deductions.
As it is highly desirable to avoid, as long as
practicable, introduction into the States of Fed-
eral agencies for the assessment and collection of
taxes, the Secretary, relying on assurances from
Governors of various States that the amounts ap-
portioned to them respectively will be assumed,
collected, and paid, through existing State agen-
cies, has hitherto refrained from advising the ap-
pointment of the officers necessary for direct as-
sessment and collection. He has been the more
readily persuaded to this course bccause both the
income and the direct tax are requirid to be as-
sessed with reference to valuations which can only
be ascertained for the purposes of the income tax,
after the 1st day of January, and for the purposes
of the direct tax, after the 1st day of April next.
TheSecietary is acquainted with no statistics
which afford the means of a satisfactory estimate
of the amount likely to be realized from the in-
come tax. Considering, however, how large a
proportion of incomes, after the deductions sanc-
tioned by law, will fall within the exemption limit
of $800 a year; and considering also what numer-
ous questions will certainly perplex its assessment
and collection, he respectfully submits tothecon-
sideration of Congress whether the probable reve-
nue affords a sufficient reason for putting in ope-
ration, at a great cost, the machinery of the act,
with a view, should the States assume the direct
tax, to the collection of the income tax alone. j
The prudent forecast which induced Congress [
to postpone to another year the necessity of steps
for the practical enforcement of the law, affords,
happily, the opportunity of revision and modifi-
cation. It affords, also, the opportunity of com-
paring the amount of needed revenue with the
probable income from taxes of every kind, and
of so shaping legislation as to secure, beyond
doubt, the sums essential to the fulfillment of na-
tional obligations and the maintenance of the
national credit.
In the judgment of the Secretary, it will be ne-
cessary to increase the direct tax so as to produce
from the loyal States alone a revenue of at least
$20,000,000, and to lay such duties on stills and
distilled liquors, on tobacco, on bank notes, on
carriages, on legacies, on paper evidences of debt
and instruments foi conveyance of property, and
other like subjects of taxation, as will produce an
equal additional sum. The existing provision
for an income tax, just in its principle, inasmuch
as it icquires laigest contributions Iroin hugest
ym-ans, may, possibly, and if somewhat modified
will, probably, pioduce $10,000,000 more. The
aggregate taxation will t husamouni to $50,000,000.
The Secretary is aware that the sum is large:
but seeing, as he does, no probability that the rev-
enue from ordinary sources will exceed $40,000,000
duung the current year,and knowing,as Uedoes,
that to meet even economized disbursements, and
pay the interest on the public debt, and provide
a sinking fund for the "gradual reduction of its
principal, the appropriation of §90,000,000 will
be necessary, he feeis that he must not shrink
from a plain statement ot the actual necessities of
the situation.
But if the sum is large, the means of the people
are also large; and the objcct to be attained by
a consecration of a portion of them to the pub-
lic service is priceless. The real property ot
the loyal States is valued, in round numbers,
at $7,500,000,000; the personal property at
$3,500,000,000; and the annual surplus earnings
of the loyal people at not less than $300,000,000.
Four mills on each dollar, oi two fifths of one nor
cent, on the real and personal property ot the
loyal States, will produce £44,000,000: to
sum the proposed income tax will probably add
$10,000,000. The whole sum will be little more
than one sixth of the surplus earnings ot the
country. Certainly such a tax cannot be paid
without inconvenience; doubtless the Legislature
which imposes such a tax must take care that the
money thus raised be used economically, pru-
dently, and honestly. But can any one hesitate
about such or even greater contributions when the
Union and the popular institutions which it guards
are put in peril by rebellion, and the public faith
pledged to our own citizens, who, in many in-
stances, have placed the whole earnings of indus-
trious lives in the hands of the Government for
its suppression, asks support?
It will be seen at a glance that the amount to be
derived from taxation foi ms but a small portion
of the sums required for the expenses of the war.
For the rest, the reliance must be placed on loans.
Already, beyond the expectations of the most
sanguine, the country has responded to the ap-
peals of the Secretary. The means adopted for
securing the concurrence of all classes of citizens
in financial support to the Government have been
already explained. It remains only to be said
here that, while the action of the banking insti-
tutions in assuming the immediate responsibility
of the whole advances hitherto required, as well
as the final responsibility of much the largest
portion of them, merits high eulogium; the prompt
patriotism with which citizens of moderate means
and working men and working women have
brought their individual offerings to the service
( of their country, must command even warmer
; praise. It should be the constant care of the na-
tional Legislature and of the national Government
i in all its depai tmcnts that the generous'confidence
: reposed by the poor, as well as by the rich, in
! the public faith, be never disappointed.
i It must not be concealed, however, that the con-
j dition of the national finances when the present
I Secretary entered upon the duties of his office,
■ though somewhat improved during the able and
- upright, though brief, administration of his im-
I mediate predecessor, was such as to make dis-
j advantageous rates in the negotiation of loans in-
evitable. It allords just oieabion of giatulation
l that, under most embarrassing circumstances of
! shaken credit and immense demands, loans have
been effected at home, without resort to any for*
i cign market, to the amount of $197,000,000, with
, a virtual engagement of $50,000,000 more, at an
• average rate, considering the conversion of the
: three years'7.30 bonds into twenty years'six per
i cent, bonds as certain, of somewhat less than six
i and a half per cent.
! This rate of interest is, however, higher than
the United States, with their vast and constantly
b accumulating i esourccs, ought to pay. No doubt
, reasonably exists that after the rcestabiishment
! of union and order, the five per cent, bonds of
•i the United States will command a premium in the
; markets of the world, unless the national debt be,
' meantime, augmented beyond necessity or reason.
, The wealth and power of the country, manifested
I in the suppression of rebellion, will demonstrate
the absolute safety of investments in United States
stocks; and foreign capitalists, icstiicted to the
; lower interests and the inferior secuuty of public
■ debt in other countries, will be attracted by the
i: supeiior advantages offered by the loans ot the
Union.
, To enable the Government to obtain the neces-
■ sory means for prosecuting the war to a success-
ful issue, without unnecessary cost, is a problem
which must engage the most careful attention of
the Legislature.
The^Secretary has given to this problem the
best consideration in his power, and nowbegs
leave to submit to Congress the result of his re-
flections.
I The circulation ofthe banksofthe United States,
' on the lstday of January, 1&61, was computed to
' be £202,000,767. Ofthisoirculation,#150,000,000,
in round numbers, was in States now loyal, m-
1 eluding Western Vijgima,and £*50,000,000 in the
rebellious States. The whole of tins circulation
: constitutes a loan without interest from the peo-
ple to the banks, costing them nothing except the
expense of issue and redemption and the imciest
on the specie kept on hand for the latter purpose;
and it deseives consideration whether sound pol-
icy does not require that the advantages of this
loan be transferred, m part at least, from the
: banks, representing only the interests of the stock-
! holders, to the Government, representing the ag-
! grcgate interests of the whole people.
: It has been well questioned by the most onu-
nentstatcsmen whether acurrcncy of bank notes,
' issued by local institutions under State laws, is
not, in fact, prohibited by the national Constitu-
tion. Such emissions certainly fall within the
spirit, if not within the letter, of the constitutional
prohibition of the emission of bills of credit by
the States, and of the making by them of any-
thing except gold and silver coin a legal tender in
payment of debts.
However this may be, it is too clear to be rea-
sonably disputed that Congress, under its consti-
tutional powers to lay taxes, to regulate commcrcc,
and to regulate the value of coin, possesses ample
authority to control the credit circulation which
enters so largely into the transactions of com-
mcrcc, and affects in so many ways the value of
coin.
in the judgment of the Secretary, the time has
arrived when Congress should exercise this au-
thority. The value of the existing bank-note
circulation depends on the laws of thirty-four
States and the character of some sixteen hundred
private corporations. It is usually furnished in
greatest proportions by institutions of least actual
capital. Circulation, commonly, is in the inverse
ratio of solvency. Well-founded institutions, of
large and solid capital, have, in general, compar-
atively little circulation; while weak corporations
almost invariably seek to sustain themselves by
obtaining from the people the largest possible
credit in this form. Under such a system, or
rather lack of system, great fluctuations, and
heavy losses in discounts and exchanges, are in-
evitable; and not unfrequently, through failures
of the issuing institutions, considerable portions
of the circulation become suddenly worthless in
the hands of the people. The recent experience
of several States in the valley of the Mississippi
painfully illustrates the justice of these observa-
tions; and enforces, by the most cogent practical
arguments, the duty of protecting commerce and
industry against, the lecurrence of such disoiders.
The Secretary thinks it possible to combine
with this protection a provision for circulation,
safe to the community and convenient for the
Government.
Two plans for effecting this objcct are sug-
gested. The first contemplates the gradual with-
. drawal from circulation of the notes of private
corporations, and for the issue, m their stead, of
United States notes, payable in coin on demand,
m amounts sufficient for the useful ends of a rep-
resentative currency. The second contemplates
the preparation and delivery, to institutions and
associations, of notes prepared for circulation un-
der national direction, and to be secured as to
prompt convertibility into coin by the pledge of
United States bonds and other needful regula-
| tions.
1 The first of these plans was partially adopted
at the last session of Congress in the provision
authorizing the Secretary to issue United States
notes, payable m com, to an amount not exceed-
ing £50,000,000. That provision may be so ex-
tended as to reach the average circulation of the
( country, while a moderate tax_, gradually aug-
; mented, on bank notes, will relieve the national
| from the competition of local circulation. It has
l been already suggested that the substitution of a
> national for a State currency upon this plan would
■ be equivalent to a loan to the Government with-
out interest, except on thefundto be kept in coin,
and without expense, except the cost of prepa-
j ration, issue, and redemption; while the people
would gain the additional advantage of a uniform
' currency, and relief from a considerable burden in
■ the form of interest on debt. These advantages
arc, doubtless, considerable; and if a scheme can
be devised by which such a circulation will be
I ceitainly and strictly confimd to the real needs of
the people,and kept constantly equivalent to specie
1 by prompt and certain redemption in coin, it will
hardly fall of legislative sanction.
i The plan, however, is not without serious in-
conveniences and hazaids. Ihe temptation, es-
' pecialiy great in times of pressure and danger, to
i issue notes withoutadequate provision forredemp-
' tion; the ever-present liability to be called on for
; ledemption beyond means, however carefully pro-
' vided and managed; the hazard of panics, pieeip-
itating demands for coin, concentrated on a few
points and a single fund; the risk o f a depicciated,
depreciating, and finally worthless paper money;
the immeasurable evils of dishonored public faith
