1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. For several nn- |
portant reasons, Mr. Speaker, 1 raise the ques-
tion'of order on this bill, that it must have its first
consideration ill the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Kxllogg, of Illinois, in the ehan.)
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Si>aulding] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to give
' notice that I propose, when this bill is open for
amendment, to move a substitute, except in refer-
ence to the clause making Treasury notes a legal
tender.
The CHAIRMAN. This is a special order,
and the Clerk will read the rule governing special
orders.
The Clerk read as follows:
All debate oil special ordeis shall be confined stiiL-tly tu
the measure under consideiation.
Mr. SPAULDING. I propose that this bill
shall take the ordinaiy coursc, and be open to
discussion and amendment.
Mr.ROSCOE CONKLING. I give notice that
at the proper time I will propose a substitute for
this bill.
Mr. 'SPAULDII\TG. Mr. Chairman, this is an
important measure, and I may be indulged for a
few moments in explaining its objects, the situa-
tion of our finances, and the grounds upon which
we rest this measure and expect it to be adopted.
In the first place I will refer to the loan bills passed
at the extra session of Congress, in July, in order
to show how we obtained the moans to carry on
the Government from that time to the present, and
to show how the Secretary of the Treasury has
performed his duty. These bills were passed the
first on the 17th of July, and the other on the 5th
of August. They gave the Secretary of the Treas-
ury power to pledge the credit of the United States
to the extent of $250,000,000. Reflections have
been made by some gentlemen on the manner in
which the Secretary of the Treasury had per-
formed his duty in borrowing that money, and
with some disposition to criticise ins actions. As
a general reply, I will say that the Secretary has
acted m strict conformity with the law, and bor-
rowed money at the rates authorized by Congress.
And, sir, 1 am disposed, upon this floor and
elsewhere, to sustain the Secretary and all De-
partments of the Government where they have
dischaiged theirduties in accordance with the laws
which have been passed by us.
The Secretary of the Treasury fust borrowed
$100,000,000, givingTreasury notes bearing seven
and three tenths per cent, interest, and he next
issued United States bonds at six per cent, inter-
est to the extent of $50,000,000, at the equivalent
of par for seven per cent, bonds, and raised about
£44,650,000; upon such loan a discount of over
$5,300,000 was sustained. These weie the best
terms that could be obtained, and were legarded
at the time as very favorable to the Government.
But if he has borrowed the moneyatah.gh
rate, it was authotized by the act of July. I am
disposed to sustain the Secretary m what ho has
done. He has acted in good faith, and heshouldbe
sustained by us all.
I may here be permuted to say, in explanation
of some of the estimates winch I shall introduce
presently, dilfeung, as they do, from the estimates
of the Secretary ot the Treasury in lus annual re-
port, that since his annual leport he has changed
ins own views as to what the expenses ot the war
will be up "to July next, and what they will also
bo up to July ,1863, and that he substantially agrees
with me now as to what those expenses will be.
In the discussion of this important measure I
desire, Mr. Chairman, to present the entire plan^
with a view to enh-st the coopfiation not only ot
all Departments of the Government, but also the
cooperation ofall the members ofthe House, with-
out regard to party distinctions. Hearty cooper-
ation is desirable to the success of the impoitant
financial measures that will be presented.
Our finances deserve our most serious attention. I
The ways and means of carrying on the war
should enlist the grave consideration of every gen-
tleman on this floor who desires the preservation
of this Government. We were never in greater
peril than at this moment. It will require all our
best energies to successfully meet the crisis through
which we are passing. I am oppressed by the mag-
nitude of the work before us. But, sir, I will not,
I dare not—I trust we shall not any of us—shrink
from the responsibility of performing every duty
devolved upon us in this great crisis of our na-
tional affans.
The bill before us is a war measure—a measure
of necessity, and not of choice, presented by the
Committee of Ways and Means, to meet the most
pressing demands upon the Treasury, to sustain
the Army and Navy until they can make a vigor-
ous advance upon the traitors, and crush out the
rebellion. These are extraordinary times, and
extraordinary measures must be resorted to in
order to save our Government and preserve our
nationality.
This bill, in addition to the $50,000,000 of de-
mand notes, authorized by the act of July last,
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue,
on the creditof the United States, $100,000,000of
Treasury notes, not bearing interest, payable to
the bearer at the Treasury, or at the office of the
Assistant Treasurer, in the city of New York, at
the pleasure of the United States, and of such de-
nominations as he may deem expedient, not less
than $5 each; and such notes, and all other Uni-
ted States notes payable on demand, not bearing
interest, heretofore authorized, are made receiv-
able for all debts and demands due to the United
States, and for all salaries, debts, and demands
owing by the United States to individuals, corpor-
ations, and associations within the United States,
and are also declared lawful money and a legal
tender in payment of all debts, public and pri-
vate, within the United States, making altogether
§150,000,000 legal tender demand notes.
Provision is also made for the convenient ex-
change of such notes for six per cent, bonds of
the United States, ledeemable in twenty years.
Further to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to fund the Treasuiy notes and floating debt of
the United States, he is authorized to issue, on
the credit of the United States, coupon bonds or
registered bonds to an amount not exceeding
$500,000,000, and redeemable at the pleasure of
the Government after twenty years from date, and
bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, peran-
num, payable semi-annually; and thebondsthus
authorized are to be of such denomination, not
less than fifty dollais, as may be determined upon
by the Secretary of the Tieasury, or in sums of
not less than $2,500, for which, if requested, the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, if he deem it expedi-
ent, may issue similar bonds, the principal and
interest of which may be expressed in the cur-
rency of any foreign country, and payable there.
The Secretary is authorized to issue said_ bonds
at their par value to any creditor or cieditors of
the United States who may elect to receive them
in satisfaction of their demands; provided thatall
such claims or demands shall have been fust aud-
ited and settled by the proper accounting officers
of the Tieasury; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may also exchange such bonds at any time
for lawful money of the United Suites, or for any
of the Treasury notes that 'nave been or may here-
after be issued under any former act of Congress,
or that may be isued under the provisions ot this
act.
The bill is simple and perspicuous in its terms,
and easy of execution. It is a Government meas-
uie,and the officers of Government aie lequiied to
execute its provisions.
By the time the Secretary of the Treasury can
get these notes engraved, printed, and signed
ready for use, all other available means at his
command and in the Treasury will be exhausted.
This measure is therefore piesentcd^under the
highest prerogatives of Government. The Army
and Navy now m the ser\ice must,be paid. They
I must be supplied with food, clothing, arms, am-
| munition, and all other material of war, to render
I them effective m maintaining the Government,
! andputtingdown-therebellion. Havmgexhausted
| other means of sustaining the Government, this
j measure is brought forward as the best that can
II be devised, in the present exigency, to relieve the
necessities of the Treasury; and I trust it will
pass without delay.
At the extra session in July last, Congress au-
thorized the Secretary of the Treasury to borrow
§250,000,000, for which he was authorized to issue
coupon bonds, or registered bonds, or Treasury
notes, in such proportions of each as he might
deem advisable. The bonds were to be issued
for twenty years at a rate not exceeding seven per
cent, interest per annum, payable half yearly; and
the Treasury notes were to be issued in denom-
inations of not less than §50 each, at three years,
with interest at seven and three tenths perannum,
payable half yearly, and exchangeable at any
time for twenty years six per cent, bonds. Or,
at the option of the Secretary, he was permitted
to issue $50,000,000 of the above loan in Treasury
notes, on demand, in denominations of not less
than $5 each without interest, and made receiv-
able in payment of salaries or other dues owing
by the United States; or, in his discretion, he was
authorized to issue Treasury notes at one year,
bearing interest at three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent, per annum, exchangeable at any time
in sums of §100 or upwards for the three years
Treasury notes bearing seven and three tenths per
cent, interest, but in the aggregate not to exceed
§250,000,000. A further provision, however, was
made, to wit: that the Secretary of the Treasury
might negotiate any part of the loan for six per
cent, twenty years' bonds at a rate not less than the
equivalent of par for bonds, bearing seven per cent,
interest per annum half yearly, payable in twenty
yeai'S.
Under these provisions the Secretary of the
Treasury has bono wed—
On the seven and three tenths per cent. Treasury note?,
payable m three years ...$100,000,000
On twenty years' six per cent, bonds reduced
to the equivalent at par of seven per cent,
pei annum,half>eaily,say at89j-, (§44,GG1,-
;}30 1)7 actually received into the. Treasury,)
lor which six per cent, bonds were issued. 59,000,000
Issued and put in circulation as currency (and
to be put in circulation within a few days)
all the demand Tieasuiy notes authorized
in Jul}', not bearing interest  50,000,000
•200,000,000
Paid out to contiactors and others, seven and
three tenths Treasury notes within the last
'few daye, say  3.516,500
Issued under the loan bill of July .$203,516,500
The total amount of the public debt up to the
present time, and for which United States stock
and Treasury notes have been issued, is asfollows:
Up to July 1, 1861   $90,867,828 68
There was paid toemhtors, or exchanged
for com at par, at different dates m July
and August, six pei cent, two years'
notes to the amount of   14,019^034 6S
There was borrowed, at par, in the same
months, upon sixty days' six per cent.
notes, the sum of.  12,877,750 00
There was borrowed, at par, on the 19th
of August, three ycais' seven and three
tenths per cent, bonds, issued for the
most pait to subscribers to the national
loan.....    50,000,000 00
Theiewas borrowed on the 1st October
upon like sccuntie-5   50,000,000 00
There was borrowed, at par, for seven per
cent, on the 10th of November, upon
twenty yeats' six per cent, bonds ic-
duced to the equivalent of sevens, in-
eluding interest    50,000,000 00
Theie have been issued and circulated of
Tieasury notes pajable on demand.... 39.000,000 00
Making an aggregate to Januaiy 15.1562.
nf...!... /.  30C.:64,6J3 34
1 estimate thattlioamomit leqiured upto
July 1, ltitW, will be  313,935,387 00
Total debt (.Miniated to July 1, 18G1.. 000,000.000 34
1 estimate foi the ti'-eal >cai,np to July
1. i86«3, if the vvai continues to that
tune  f,50.000,000 00
Total indebtedness liquidated and un-
liquidated, to July 1, 1CC3 $1.200,000,000 34
This estimate exceeds that of the Secretary ofthe
Treasury, m his annual report, by ^300,000,000,
to July 1,1863. This,however, includes all indebt-
edness against the Government, whether funded
or not, and all accounts in process of being audited,
and such as are passing through the hands ofthe ac-
countingofficers. There is now over £100,000,000
of accrued indebtedness in different forms that
should be paid at an early day.
With this large accrued indebtedness, and with
