1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2505
members of the party in power thus laugh to scorn
this colonization scheme, I may well say it re-
mains but an empty word. Yet,all measures for
freeing slaves are pushed with the utmost activity.
Take your post on the avenue towards night-
fall; you shall see troops of fugitives pouring into
this city. Lately an appeal to us to provide for
them was laid on the desk of every member.
Where do they go to ? To South America ? That
is one of the words in fashion now. No, sir.
There are no ways, no means, as the chairman
of that committee said, for sending them to South
America, and we own no place there to send them
to. If you really meant to colonize the negroes,
you should not set them free till you were ready
to colonize them.
But the fact is that the abolitionists always have
been, and now are, notoriously, the bitterest op-
ponents of colonization. Just now the u word"
suits them, but tlicy abhor the thing. It is no
part of their theory to send the negro race away.
They want it here. They want it armed. They
want it clothed with political rights. They want
it to support their power, now on the wane among
white men. Do they notconstantly tell us here that
instant emancipation is best, because the negroes
then will hold possession of the southern States?
But this leaves wholly out of account the white
race. If not exterminated, it will resume its sway
as soon as we withdraw our armies, and, as every
State assumes the right to fix the status of the ne-
gro race within its borders, slavery may be rees-
tablished. To this they answer, we will keep a
force there to maintain the freedom of the blacks.
I want no more than this to show that endless
intervention in the States, for the sake of the blacks
against the whites, is a necessary consequence of
the abolition policy. The fear that their power
is passing away seems to stimulate the promoters
of this policy to consummate it irremediably by
the most precipitate and desperate measures.
There has been a persistent effort to nullify all
laws, State and Federal, for the reclamation of fugi-
tives. First, you forbid the military authority to
restrain slaves; then the military is made to ex-
clude the civil jurisdiction of the subject. Thus,
wherever our forces move, involuntary servitude
is at an end, whether it be in a hostile or a loyal
district. To carry their points by military power
outside of the Constitution is the plain, indeed, the
avowed intention oftlie abolition party. At whose
instance has a general officer lately dissi minuted
far and wide his edict abolishing the institution of
slavery m three States? 1 have here one of the
handbills, transmitted from the spot to one of my
constituents, by a disgusted officer. Here we are
told that " slavery and martial law in a free country
are altogether incompatible." Rarely have words
so incompatible metin the same sentence. Where
martial law prevails there for the tune, at least, it
is no longer a free country. Not slavery, but
■freedom and its pillars—free speech, free press,
and habeas corpus—are incompatible with military
rule. Therefore it is that everywhere a just sus-
ceptibility has been aioused by the pretension that
in States remote from the theater of war, in States
wheie every civil tribunal is in the full and undis-
turbed exercise of all its functions, in Pennsylva-
nia, m New Jersey, in New York, in Connecticut,
arbitrary arrests, arbitrary imprisonments, arbi-
trary suppressions, may be justified by an appeal
to martial law.
Sir, when this last pretension for military power
first met the public eye, and men doubted its au-
thenticity, the abolition press knew it was genu-
ine and burst out in preconcerted exultation. The
" higher law" was to be realized,and Hayti was
to be brought to every man's door. What fol-
lowed, sir, when the President proclaimed his dis-
avowal? The abolition press scoffed at it; and
set up at once the doctrine that the President had
no power to affect rights that had acciueil utidei
General Hunter's order. I find this doctrine
maintained daily in the party organ in this city,
called The National Republican. And, sir, the
vote taken last week upon the wild and uncon-
stitutional emancipation scheme proved, that in
any constitutional or conservative policy which
the" President may adhere to, his support must
come from the Democrats and the border State
men,ami a very few Republicans who enjoy lucid
intervals upon the negro question. Thevotestood
—aves 74, noes 78; but to that vote against the
bill the party which elected Mr. Lincoln did not
contribute a corporal's guard; less, I think, than
a dozen; all eminentlawycrs,whocouldnotcom-
promise their reputations by voting for what was
so flagrantly unconstitutional. And this vote is
to be " reconsidered."
Sir, the imposing strength of a party in this
Congress bent on making new Haytis, affords to
me, at least, sufficient reason for not recognizing
the old one. For if, sir, General Hunter's proc-
lamation was regarded with alarm when it was
thought that it had the sanction of the President,
can we regard it with less alarm when we find it
promulgated in contempt of his authority, at the
bidding of a faction that stops at nothing to attain
its aims and bolster up its power. Howgreat that
power yet is, this House does not need to be told;
it is felt here, it is felt everywhere; the ambitious
and the venal court it, and the timid fear it. There
was a time when the abolition party was alike
harmless and insignificant, and, while it remained
so, secession was the esoteric doctrine of a small
clique in Charleston. These parties spread and
grew together, till now they confront each other,
in vast proportions, like Death and Satan at the
gates of hell, as Milton pictures them. As seces-
sion has deluded the South, so abolition has de-
luded the North. Its venal press has played its
batteries of calumny and clamor against every
man who has dared oppose it.
Whenever, in military or civil life, a man has
treated this negro question as one that was too
great to be made the shuttlecock between the en-
thusiast and the demagogue; whenever any pub-
lic man has ventured to cry, " hold, this slavery
is one of the great interests of our country, let us
deal with it as sane men deal with the great in-
terests of their country," what a howl this fac-
tion raised against him. How it has howled
against the Demociacy, because, yielding to the
instinct of race, their first solicitude has been for
the liberties of white men. It strangled the old
Whig party, and hounded Choate and Webster
to their graves. Yes, it slew the prophets; and
now you hear its muttcrings rising against Abra-
ham Lincoln, whenever the sobering influence of
his great office seems to weigh upon him. It was
within the scope of the President's authority to
recognize these countries without an act of Con-
gress, but he has thought proper to i cfcr the mat-
ter to our deliberation. Thus he has recognized
the fact that this is no unimporlantmeasure. Sir,
for that and every other instance of moderation,
I pay to him my humble tribute of respect; and,
sir, I can truly say that I desire to take no cap-
tious exceptions to his policy.
But, sir, the African policy that I am now com-
menting on is, in my judgment, utterly erroneous,
and it shall not have the support of my vote in any
stage of it. While we, as Representatives, may
claim no superiority of judgment over thousands of
our constituents, yet, sir, we are the sentinels on
the ramparts, and it is our function to give the
alarm. Sir, the repugnance to negro equality is as
strong in the middle States as it is at the South. It
finds expression in our legislation as well as in our
social habits. I object to the establishment, at this
time, of diplomatic relations with Hayti and Li-
beria, because it will be taken, and by those who
at this time are its prime movers, it is intended,
as an acknowledgment of the equality of the races.
That may be a philosophic idea, an English idea,
but it is eminently un-Amei ican. That we are
to have a neijio here as a minister was fiankly
admitted by the gentleman from Maine. He did
not evade it by saying that white men would be
sent from these African communities.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That remark was made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Gooch.] My remark simply was that the gen-
tleman from Ohio might draw Ins own inference.
Mr. GOOCH. I did say, Mr. Speaker, that
; the bill proposed that we should place Ilayti and
i Liberia on an equality with other nations. I now
j ask the gentleman to tell me if he knows of any
i other uile by which diplomatic relations can be
: established ? I ask him whether it is not a fixed
I principle that independent nations are equals? I
1 said nothing about eqnahtv of races. _
I Mr. BIDDLE. My answer to that is, that i
J do not wish to establish this diplomatic relation
<ltMr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania let me say, m this connection, that
I concur in the remark made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, though that remark did not
fall from me.
Mr. COX. When I asked the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] whether he proposed to
have black ministers come here from Hayti, the
gentleman from Maine said why not?" NoVv,
what did he mean by that? I ask him whether or
not he is willing to receive black ministers From
Hayti?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. COX. Well, that is all. [Laughter,]
Mr. BIDDLE. Then I have been interrupted,
but not corrected at all.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he thinks the Chinese
equal to the Yankees?
Mr. BIDDLE. That is an ethnological ques-
tion that is not pertinent to the present subject.
I will tell the gentleman what I think of the Chi-
nese on some more appropriate occasion.
Mr. Speaker, I have always regarded Liberia
with interest; that infant colony, the child of
American benevolence, I have looked to as the
means of elevating Africa to a place among the
nations. But when I see how deeply the provi-
dence of God has rooted the institution of slavery
in this land, I see that it can be safely eradicated
only by n gradual process, in which neither the
civil nor the military power of'the Federal Gov-
ernment can intervene with profit. General eman-
cipation can be safely reached only through State
action, prompted by conviction and the progress
of natural causes.
Meanwhile, States that refuse admittance to the
negro race within their borders, or hold it there
in political subordination, have no right to affect
a pharasaical intolerance towards Slates which
solve " the negio question" by means of domestic
slavery. Through all the anti-slavery sentiment
of the North there runs a vein of insincerity; and
if, through the "great exodus" predicted Dy the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the ne-
groes in great numbers are transferred to the
North, this unfortunate race may find itself there
in a position as unenviable as that from which it
may escape.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to suggest to him that 1
never intimated that that people would make nil
exodus to the North. I made an intimation that
they would make an exodus from the " house of
their bondage," if you dealt justly by them. I
never made an intimation that they would make
an exodus to the North. The history of the Re-
public shows well that, left to the enjoyment of
their freedom, they would not make exoduses to
the North.
Mr. BIDDLE. I thought the gentleman was
so good a biblical scholar that he would use the
woid " exodus" m its appropriate sense, and in
relation to such an exodus as that of which we
read in the Bible.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that the word
exodus suggests to the black or to any other race
of men that they should make an exodus to the
North.
Mr. BIDDLE. That is a philological question,
and I have not time to enter into it at present.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will not say by my
vote that I think this great national crisis is the
happy hour at which to accord for the first time
diplomatic representation to the negro. Many a
true friend of Liberia will admit that this is not
the time to assert her claims. Such, at least, is
my conviction; and my vote therefore will ex-
press that conviction. This is no time to give an
inch to those who will take an ell. I will not
help to stick a new feather in the cap of abolition,
that " Gessler's cap" to which it is sought to
make the North bow down, m violation of its
sentiments and its interests. I will vote for the
amendment; if that is lost, then I shall vote against
the bill. , , . . , .
Mr KELLEY obtained the floor,but yielded to
Mr. STE7ENS, who moved that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. PH'ELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw that
motion for a moment. There is a bill on the
Speaker's table passed by the House last week,
and returned from the Senate with a few unim-
portant amendments. I want to have the bill
taken tip, and the amendments disposed of. It
will occupy but a few minutes.
