2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Mr. STEVENS. What bill does the gentle-
man refer to ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The bill releas-
ing the forfeiture of lands granted to the State of
Missouri for railroad purposes. The Senate has
amended the bill, and has also inserted the words
" time of."
Mr. STEVENS. It can be taken up in the
morning and disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a neces-
sity for speedy action on it.
Mr, LOVEJOY. I object; and insist on the
motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon (at four o'clock and
twenty minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 3, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of Eliz-
abeth D. Ball, widow of Lieutenant William H.
Ball, who died in service before his nomination
as commander in.the Navy was finally acted on,
praying for such relief as may enable her to re-
ceive the pension due to the widow of a com-
mander; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the Rector
and Vestry of St. Thomas Protestant Episcopal
Church of Hancock, Washington county, Mary-
land, praying compensation for damages done to
their church by United States troops; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TEN EYCIC presented a petition of citi-
zens of Warren county, New Jersey, praying for
the passage of a tax bill in accordance with the
plan proposed by the Now York Chamber of
Commerce, believing a tax baSed oil such princi-
ples to be just and equitable; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of P. F. Milligan, and George Stabler,
praying for an appropriation to enable them to
water Pennsylvania avenue, from the Capitol gate
to Twentieth street, and Seventh street from the
avenue to I street, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 337) extending the
time for carrying into effect the provisions of the
third section of the act entitled " An act relating
to highways in the county of Washington and
District of Columbia," approved May 3, 1862,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 316) to provide for
the payment of fines and penalties collected by or
paid to the justices of the peace of the District of
Columbia, under the acts of Congress approved
the 3d and 5th of August, 1861, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Wilkinson, on the 27th of May, for
the payment of compensation to Senators first
elected by the State of Minnesota, from the com-
mencement of the session at which they were ad-
mitted to seats, reported it without any recom-
mendation.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, submitted the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of the Interior be requested
to investigate the claim of tiie register of the land office at
Yincennes, Indiana, for office rent, and also the claim of tiie
postmaster of the same place, for the custody of the books
and papers; and to report to the Senate the amount, ill his
judgment, due, at as early a day as practicable.
RAISING OP SUNKEN VESSELS.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
339) making provision for raising property of the
United States sunk in the waters thereof; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very desirable that this
bill should pass at an early day, in consequence
of the destruction that is going on of the public
property-that is thus sunk, growing out of the
warm weather and otherwise; and therefore, if
there be no objection to it, I move that other busi-
ness be suspended, and that the bill be put on its
passage now. It merely authorizes the Secretary
of the Navy to contract for the raising of the ves-
sels that have been sunk—the Cumberland, the
Congress, and the Varuna—a power which many
people suppose he has now, but which, under the
instructions of the law officers of the Government,
I understand it is decided that he has not.
There being no objection, the bill was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to empower the Secretary of
the Navy to contract with such person or persons
as he shall deem most fit for the public service, for
raising vessels, their armaments, stores, or equip-
ments, belonging to the United States, and sunk
in the waters thereof, and to appropriate the sum
of $100,000 for the purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BILL INTKODUCED.
Mr. POWELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 340)
amendatory of section eight of joint resolution en-
titled "Joint resolution in relation to the public
printing," approved June 23, 1860; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint res-
olution:
A bill (H. R. No. 399) to provide for the quiet-
ing of ccrtain land titles in the late disputed ter-
ritory in the State of Maine, and for other pur-
poses; and
A joint resolution (PI. R. No. 77) to change the
name of the bark Quebec to General Burnside.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. II. No. 281) supplemental to an act
granting the nghtofway to the State of Missouri,
and a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the thirty-ninth amendment of the
House to the bill of the Senate (No. 292) for the
collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary dis-
tricts within the United States, and for other pur-
poses,and had receded from its eighth amendment
to the said bill, disagreed to by the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 2d instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 43) to prevent and punish fraud
on the part of officers intrusted with making of
contracts for the Government; and
An act (S. No. 272) to establish a land office in
Colorado Territory, and for other purposes.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 77) to change the
name of the bark Quebec to General Burnside
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LAND TITLES IN MAINE.
The bill (H. R. No. 399) to provide for the
quieting of certain land titles in the late disputed
territory in the State of Maine, and for other pur-
poses, was read twice by its title.
Mr. CLARK. The Senate Committee on Claims
have had under consideration that matter this ses-
sion, and have reported a bill precisely like this;
so that it will hardly be necessary to refer this bill,
if it is to go to that committee, and I suppose the
Senate do not wish to send it to any other com-
mittee. I a^k that it may go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made, if there be no objection.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to take up House bill
No. 391. It was reported back from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with amendments, about
three weeks ago. It is a bill that ought to be
acted on.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 391) to punish the practice of polygamy in
the Territories of the United States, and other
places, and disapproving and annulling certain
acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary was to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and insert, as a substitute:
That every person having a husband or wife living, who
shall marry any other person, whether married or single, in
a Territory of the United States,orother place over which
the United States have exclusive jurisdiction, shall, except
in the cases specified in the proviso to this section, be ad-
judged guilty of bigamy, and, upon conviction thereof, shall
'be punished by a fine not exceeding $500, and by impris-
onment for a term not exceeding five years: Provided,
nevertheless, That this section shall not extend to any per-
son by reason of any former marriage whose husband or wife
by such marriage shall have been absent for five succes-
sive years without being known to such person within that
time to be living ; nor to any person by reason of any for-
mermairiage which shall have been dissolved by the decree
of a competent court; nor to any person by reason of any
former marriage which shall have been annulled or pro-
nounced void by the sentence or decree of a competent'
court on the ground of the nullity of the marriage contract.
Sec. 2. *8.nd be it further enacted, That the following
ordinance of the provisional govermnent of the State of
Deseret, so called, namely : "An ordinance incorporating
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints," passed
February 8, in the year 18ol, and adopted, rcenactcd, and
made valid by the Governor and Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Utah, by an act passed January 19, in the
year J855, entitled "An act in relation to the compilation
and revision of the laws and resolutions in foico In Utah
Territory, their publication, and distribution," and all other
acts and parts of acts heretofore passed by the said Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, which establish,
support, maintain, shield,or countenance polygamy, be, and
the same hereby are, disapproved and annulled : Provided,
That this act shall be so limited and construed as not to
affect or interfere with the right of property legally acquired
under the ordinance heretofore mentioned, nor with the
right "to worship God accoiding to the dictates of con-
science," but only to annul all acts and laws which estab-
lish, maintain, protect, or countenance the piactice of polyg-
amy, evasively called spiritual marriage, however disguised
by legal or ecclesiastical solemnities, sacraments, ceremo-
nies, consecrations, or other contrivances.
Sec. 3. Jlndbc it further enacted, That It shall not be
lawful for any corporation or association for religious or
chatitable purposes to acquire or hold real estate in any
Terutory of the United States during the existence of the
territorial government of a greater value than $100,000;
and all real estate acquired or held by any such corporation
or association contraiy to the provisions of this act shall be
forfeited and escheat to the United Slates : Provided, That
existing vested rights in real estate shall not be impaired
by tiie provisions of this section.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state, very briefly, the dif-
ference between the bill as proposed to be amended
by the Judiciary Committee, and the bill as passed
by the House of Representatives. The bill of the
House is intended to punish the crime of polyg-
amy, or bigamy properly speaking, when com-
mitted in any Territory of the United States; but, *
in point of fact, it goes beyond that—it punishes
cohabitation without marriage. The committee,
in their amendments, have so altered the first sec-
tion as to provide for the punishment of the crime
of bigamy, leaving the punishment for a similar
offense, where marriage had been contracted else-
where, to the State where it was contracted. "We
thought that clearly preferable, and that it would
be of no utility to carry the act beyond the evil
intended to be remedied, which was to put down
polygamy, as a part of the recognized legal insti-
tutions of Utah.
There is a mistake in printing as to the second
section. The second section of the bill is not al-
tered at all; we leave it precisely the same as it
was in the original bill. It repeals the ordinance
of Utah, commonly called " An ordinance incor-
porating the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints." It is precisely in words like the second
section of the House bill, which is not altered in
any respect.
The third section is an amendment of the com-
mittee, and it is in the nature of a mortmain law.
The object is to prevent the accumulation of real
estate in the hands of ecclesiastical corporations
in Utah. Though thatTerritory is large, the value
of real estate is not of large amount; and the ob-
ject of the section is to prevent the accumulation
of the property and wealth of the community in
the hands of what may be called theocratic institu-
tions, inconsistent with our form of government.
In my own judgment it would be wiser to limit
