1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
interna* duties not othmvisn appropriated : Provided, That
no allowance ordrawback shall be made or had ori tobacco,
tobacco manufactured, snuff, cigais, coal oil oi tai, pro-
duced by the distillation of coal, a^phaltum, shale, peat, and
other bituminous substances used foi like puiposes, and on
crude petroleum or rock oil, nor shall any allowance or
drawback be made or had foi any amount claimed or due
less than twenty dollurs, anything in this act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. STEVENS moved tojimend this section
by striking out from the thira line, after the word
" all," to and including the word " and," in the
fifth line, and then to strike out the word " man-
ufactured," in the same line; so that the clause
would read:
Thatfiom and after the date on which this act takes
effect, there shall be an allowance or diawback on all arti-
cles on which any internal duty or tax shall have been
paid, equal in amountto the duty oi tax paid thereon, and
no more, when exported, the evidence that any such duty
or tax has been paid, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved further to amend in the
eighteenth line, by striking out all after the woid
" had," down to and including the word" had,"
in the twenty-third line, as follows:
On tobacco, tobacco manufactured, snuff, cigar*, coal oil
or tar, produced hv the distillation ofcoal, asphaltum, shale,
peat, and other bituminous substances used for like pur-
poses, and on crude petroleum 01 lock oil, nor shall any
allowance 01 drawback be made oi had.
So that the proviso would read:
Provided, That no allowance ot drawback shall be made
or had foi any amount claimed or due le&s than twenty dol-
lars, anything in tl is> act-to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the section by inserting at the commencement of
the nineteenth line, after the woid " manufac-
tured," the words "and cotton."
Tin: CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that that portion of the section has been stricken
out.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to add this
articlc to those which are to be exempted from
drawback.
_ Mr. STEVENS. We have stricken out the
list of articles enumerated as exceptions, and
have made the proviso except only articles which
, are of less than twenty dollars in value.
•Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Including tobacco
and everything- ?
Mr. STEVENS. Everything.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Well, sir, if that
be the policy of the Committee of Ways and
Means, 1 will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LEHMAN. I move to amend m the fifth
line, after the word "articles," by inserting the
words "and materials used in the manufacture
thereof." It is important, Mr. Chairman, that
every law we enact should be free, from ambigu-
ity. Now, sir, upon reading this section, as
amended on motion of the Committee of Ways
and Means, it will be seen that a drawback is al-
lowed upon all articles for export upon which an
internal duty or tax shall have been assessed and
collected. The committee have stricken out the
woid " manufactured," aw descriptive of the arti-
cles upon which a drawback is to lie allowed, so
that, as the section stands, the internal duty upon
"goods, wares,and articles" simply is to be taken
off.
But the question may arise as to whether the
drawback is to extend to the component parts of
the articles, or whothei it is intended only toapply
to the article as it is presented for exportation.
There are certain kinds of business and trades
which have grown up in this countiy which aie
the peculiar piopeity of this countiy, and which
are able to compete with the fmcign business and
manufacture of those articles. If, for example, 1
take the article of manufactured fancy soaps—
transparent .soaps—-thearticle which J hold in my
hand is freely sold in England, France, and Brazil,
it is purchased by the inhabitants of those coun-
tries as articles of their own manufacture. Yet
evuiy cake.of it is manufactured in the United
States, and it is exported, successfully competing
with the manufacture of the article in foreign
countries.
Now, it- the drawback is aimpiy to apply to the
manufactured article it will be but Uvo cents a
pound. But if the drawback is to be upon the j
elements composing the article, upon the scveial
articles entering into the manufacture of thissoup,
the diawback will amount to oix cents per pound.
This soi>p is composed of taiiow, alkali, and alco-
hoi. In every pound of soap there is a pound or
pint of alcohol, and tinder this bill, the internal
duty upon that pint of alcohol is four cents, making
six cents as the internal duty upon a pound of this
soap.
Now, I submit that to clear the section of am-
biguity, and facilitate the performance of the duty
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, it is
important that the words which I.bave indicated
should be inserted. We pay "Brazil some twenty
millions of dollars in the balance of trade against
us. This soap is now sent to Brazil in consider-
able quantities. A venture has been made to the
amount of some forty thousand dollars, which
has been found to be highly profitable.
Now, it is impossible to tell, under the section
as it stands, whether the drawback is to be upon
the article in its manufactuied state or upon us
component parts also. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The object
sought to be accomplished by the gentleman is
certainly a very laudable one, but it will at once
be seen that it involves the Government in inex-
tricable confusion, if adopted. How is the Gov-
ernment to ascertain what are the component parts
of every article of manufacture ? Take for in-
stance, in hardware, the article of cutlery: a certain
percentage of the material used is steel, and a cer-
tain portion iron. Now, how is the Government
to ascertain how much steel is used, and how
much should be included as wastage? Of coarse,
it cannot be done. I trust, therefore, the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend, in the sixth
line, by adding, after the word " paid," the words
" except raw cotton." The clause of the section,
as amended, would then read:
That fiom and altei the date on which this act take-< ef-
fect theie shall be an allowance oi duwbaek on all articles
on which any internal duty oi tax sdiall have been paid, ex-
cept law cotion, equal in amount to the duty or tax paid
thereon, and no mote, when exported, the evidence that
any such duty oi tax has been paid to tie tut niched to the
satisfaction ot the Commissions of Internal Revenue by
such person or persons as shall claim the allowance oi draw-
back, Stc.
It may be remembered by the committee that wc
have imposed a duty of one cent per pound upon
cotton. That is a peculiar article of production,
and when exported it should, in myjudgment, be
exempted from the allowance in the nature of a
drawback, which may very propeily apply to
other articles. In doing so, we putoiu cotton into
competition in the markets of Europe with the cot-
ton grown in other quarters of the world, and al-
though this duty will be added to the cost of the
arm le, yet it can never meet with any serious
competition in foreign ports, because in no part
of the world can cotton of equal quality in fineness
of fiber and length of staple be grown. I hope,
therefore, the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted. It would have the ef-
fect at once of shutting up every cotton manufac-
tum^ establishment in the country. It is a little
Singular, sir, that gentlemen in a certain quarter
of the House who were so anxious to impose a
heavy duty upon cotton, failed to carry out that
purpose when the only way in which it could be
done presented itself, and a prousion was sepa-
rately mgiafted upon the bill which would ex-
empt the labor, slaves, and lands of the slavehold-
ers. I refer to the provision in relation to the
income tax. Thei e is a pro vibion exempting cotton
fiom diawback. Oui cotton manufactui in« estab-
lishments, because of competition, have been un-
able to introduce their manufactured goods into
any otln r quarter of the giobe except their own
country. In late years we have only been partially
successful in introducing the coarser fabrics into
China and South America. To impose a tax of
thiee percent, upon cotton manufactured goods,
and then to increase the cost of the raw material
by a ten per cent, duty upon cotton, allowing a
drawback at the same time, would seal up every
manufactory in the country. I do not suppose
that this committee will give its consent to any
such pi oviMon.
Mr. BAKER. T mpvc to modify my amend-
ment, so as to make it read, "except manufac-
tured cotton." 1 v/jxh to say, in reply to the gen-
tleman fiom Veimont, that the price of cotton is
regulated thinu hout the world by the price of
cotton m England; and the manufacturers of New
England would bo able to obtain their cotton at
the same price as the manufacturers of Lanca-
shire, and that, therefore, they would be able to
compete with them in the markets of the world.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I move to in-
sert, after the word "exported," the words " or
were destroyed by the elements, and upon which
there shall have been no insurance."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to add
the following as a new section:
Sec — .5rv/ he it further enacted, That any person or
pert-ons who shall tiauduiently claim or seek to obtain an
allowance or diawback upon £?oods5 waie^ormetchandi*e,
on which no internal dutv have been paid, oi shall
fraudulently claim any jrreatei allowance or diawback than
was actually paid as afoie-aid. Mich pe^oaor peisons bhall
forfeit treble the amount wroi«rr«:iy oi uaudnlently claimed
and sought to be obtained, oi the sum ot ,^300, at the elec-
tion of the Secretaivof the Tiea-ui y, to be lecoveied as in
other cases of forfeiture piovided for in the general piovis-
ious of this. act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to add the
following as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd hcit fuiihcr enacted, That any person who
squill claim to own the seiviee or labor of any person under
the laws of any State shall pay on account of the service
of such peison so held the sum of two dollars.
Mr. Chairman, when this matter was up before,
although not exactly in this shape, the objection
was made to this tax that it was not unsfo\m. I
so understood the argument of some gentlemen
upon this floor. There were various objections,
yet gentlemen hold that any other property or
any other right or franchise held in any one sec-
tion of the country may be taxed and that the tax
will be uniform. Taxes are laid upon the rights
and franchises and every species of property which
exist in the northern or free States, and we have
never heard of any objection on the part of any
gentleman that that tax was not unifoim. It so
happens that there are certain rights and privi-
leges enjoyed in one section of the country, and
it is contended, because these-rights or privileges,
or whatever they may be, exist only m one sec-
tion of the country, therefore the tax cannot be
uniform. I understand that that is opposed to the
principle adopted m this bill. Take, for instance,
Pennsylvania coal. There are States where there
is no coal produced. There are sections, too,
where no iron is produced: yet, sir, when a tax
is imposed upon iron ot coal theie is no complaint
that the tax upon them is not uniform. My idea
is that we should so adjust the taxes that they
will fall equally and equitably upon all sections
of the country. That is my idea of the uniform-
ity of taxation. This is a species of property. I
consider it as property. Unless it is taxed, there-
foie, I do not think that the people of the south-
ern States will pay under this bill an equal pro-
portion of taxation. This is not a capitation tax.
That objection was also made to the proposition.
It is a tax upon the services of this species of per-
sons. It is not a capitation tax. It may be as
well said that wc could not tax the incomes of the
owners of the slaves derived from their labor. We
know that a largo paitof the income of the slave-
holders is derived from the labor of their slaves.
I think that wo can as well tax the slaves them-
selves, and therefore I have submitted the amend-
ment.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I am surprised at the in-
troduction of this amendment. I thought that the
vote taken on it some time ago would have settled
it, and that we would no longei have been troubled
with the subject. The gentleman admits that
slaves are property. I want the gentleman's at-
tention for a moment. He.denies that this descrip-
tion of propeity is taxed under the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. On the contrary, I
stated that it was taxed in several ..ways. It is
taxed in the direct tax act", and it is taxed upon
the income derived from slave'labor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it the purpose of a
majority of tiiis House, in its crusade against this
description of property, to impose upon it a tax
unparalleled in amount or unprecedented by any
legislation of this country? When we look to the
nature of the proposition to t;ix this property, we
ought to go back to the Constitution. It will there
be seen that, in consequence of the compromises of
that instrument, without which it could not have
been made, that class of persons is computed as
a part of the basis of representation and liable to
its proportion of the direct tax, whenever levied
