524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the prospect that (unless this hill is adopted) the
Government will put on the market to the highest
bidder still further issues of bonds to the amount
of two hundred and fifty to three hundred mil-
lions of dollars, to pay current expenses to July
next, it is not expected that even the present price
of United States stocks can be maintained if
forced on the market at this time. We have this
alternative, either to go into the market and sell
our bonds for what they will command or to pass
this bill, or find some other better mode, if one
can be devised, to raise means to carry on the
war. The Secretary has the means of defray-
ing the daily expenses required to be disbursed
from the Treasury for only a few days longer.
He has on hand about one ilfth of the loan made
in November last, a small portion of the demand
Treasury notes authorized by the act of July—
say $10,000,000-—not yet issued, and such of the
remaining seven and three tenths and thiee and
sixty-five hundredths Treasury note.-; authorized
by that act as can be used m paying contractors
for supplies, salaries, and other Government dues
to such persons as are willing to receive them.
With the enormous expenditures of the Govern-
ment, to pay the extraordinary expenses of the
war, it requires no extended calculation to show
that the Treasury must be supplied from some
source, or the Government must stop payment in
a very few days.
You cannot borrow of capitalists any more
money on twenty years'seven percent, bonds,nor
on your seven and three tenths Treasury notes,
at the rates fixed by the act of July hist. If
you offer to the people, and put on the maiket,
$300,000,000 moie to the highest bidder, in the
present aspect of affairs, they would not be taken
except at ruinous rates of discount. That policy
would depreciate the bonds already taken by the
banks and the people, who are most loyal to the
Govei nmcnt, and who came for waul as your best
friends and furnished the means so much needed
during the last lew months to organize your Army
and Navy; and, besides, such depreciation would
greatly increase the debt, by requiring a much
larger amount of bonds to be issued than would
be needed if your loans were taken at par. A loan
put upon the marketm the presentdepressed state
of United States stocks, to be followed by other
laigc loans, is not lrgarded as a favoiable mode
of providing the means for maintaining the Gov-
ernment uithe present time. If it had been adopted
at fust,it might possibly have been the bestmode;
but it is now too late to essay that plan,and 1 be-
lieve it would be ruinous to adept it. 1 fear the
twenty yeais' six per cent, bonds would, under
tiie pressure, fall to seventy-five, seventy, sixty,
and even filly cents. This would be a ruinous
mode of laising the means to catry on the Gov-
ernment. |
What, then, ]:t to be done? The Secretary of i
th<- Tivasm y ni his annual i< poit does not lee- i
mmnend the is^ueof demand Ti easury notes, al-
though he pomts out many ml vantages that would '
Jesuit to the Government from their issue. He j
suggests two plans: fust, the issue of drmnnd !
Treasury notes; and second, a national currency !
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, to be
issued by banks and associations, with proper
regulations for their redemption by the banks
themselves.
On the propuetyol the issue of Treasury notes j
by the Govrnment, to be put in oiiLiilation as i
money, the Si-eietary says:
'•The ni "i tbe-e plan-. \v«i< partially adopted at the
last Ms-won of Coii';rew5 j,i the piuviwon auihoii/.inu the
Heciolaiy to i>siie United imp-,, pj* nine m t om to
an amount not e\ec<;diri£ $.}0,0w uhu That pi ovmmoii may
i"'-o <„-.uend"d si.-, to reach the avri,i e mentation of tin:
eo'uuiy, while a moderate la\, gMdnaily ;m<iniented. on
lunk notes, win relieve the national Iioin the competition
ol local < Hcul.uion. [r ha* been a!n ud\ -ai^e^ed that the
-Mi.Miumon ot a national tor a State euuenev, upon tin-,
p.an, would he equivalent to a loan to the Government
wuhout int<>re>t. except on the fund to be kent in eom,
a" , wl,iloltt oxc. ept xho oi pi"paianon, i^uc,
ami icdeiDption, w.tdi; tin: people would ^am the additional
.u! vanta<x< or a uniform cunoncv, and iciief from a ron-
^ideiable butden m th«' loim mteu^ton debt."
1 nese remarks of the Secretary were made be-
fore the s'-sfiension of spccie payments. The sit-
ua'mn of the country is now very different from
what it was two months ago. The circumstances
hav changed, and the Secretaiy and Congress will
find it necessary, uj the present exigency, to coil-
form their a-.tion to what can be done, end not to
what they would like to do were it otherwise prac-
ticable.
The second plan of the Secretary, and the one
which he recommends for adoption, namely: a
national currency, to be issued by banks, and se-
cured by a pledge of United States stocks, the
sub-Committee of Ways and Means have exam-
ined with considerable care. A bill has been pre-
pared and printed for the use of the committee,
which may, after some modification, be reported
to this House for its action. The committee have
come to the conclusion that, however meritorious
this system may be in providing a way for fund-
ing the stocks of the United States, and however
perfect the system may be made by Congress, it
cannot, if adopted, be made available soon enough
to meet the immediately impending necessities of
the Government.
This new system of hanking would necessarily
go into operation slowly. The existing circula-
tion of bank notes in the loyal States is supposed
to be about one hundred and forty millions of dol-
lars. This new currency, when issued, would
come into competition with the existing circula-
tion of the banks already established in the sev-
eral States, and m the present embarrassed con-
dition of monetary affairs, several months must
necessarily elapse before any considerable amount
of United States stocks would be absorbed by
banks under this proposed new law. As an ulti-
mate mode of funding some part of the large
amount of Government stock which has already
been issued, and which must from time to time be
issued, it may be very valuable; and the national
currency issued upon it would no doubt obtain a
wide riivn!at!on,andgreatly facilitate the payment
of taxes and other dues to the Government. But
wiih a Navy,and an Army of six hundred thou-
sand men in the field, requiting, with the other
expenses of the Government, an average daily ex-
penditure of more than $1,600,000, this new sys-
tem of banking will not afford relief to the Treas-
ury in time to enable the Secretary to meet the
pressing demands that are made upon him.
The duties received at the different custom-
houses, and the taxes levied at the extra session,
or that may now be levied, will ho wholly inade-
quate to meet the requirements of the Treasury in
thepresent emergency during the next six months.
If you cannot borrow the money on the credit of
the United States, except at ruinous rates of dis-
count, and cannot make the new banking system
available in time, and cannot realize the amount
required fiom your tariff and tax bills, in what
mode can the means be obtained and the Govern-
ment be carried on? It is believed that the only
way in which it can be done is by issuing Treas-
ury notes, payable on demand, and making them
a legal tender m payment of all debts, public and
private, and by adequate taxation to be imposed
by new bills. This will bring into full exercise
nil the higher powers of Government under the
Constitution. The Constitution confers on Con-
gtess the power, (cuticle one, section eight,)
'• To lay and collect t.ixe^, duties, imposts, and excise®,
to pa\ I he debts and piovulc for the common de(Wi>e and
!n'n<-ial wellate ot the United States.
'• To bonow money on tiic ci.'dit of the United State*.
" To j emulate < onuncu e u ith foreign nations-, anions tlic
fcveinl State*, and with the Indian tube-,
"To com money, icgulato the value thereof, and of foi~
ei^'n coins.
'•To uiw and suppoit mmies.
"To piovide and maintain a navy.
'•'To make all law winch shall be ncressary and pioper
for (aujiny into execution the foiej;oni<* powei* and all ;
other powei Vested bvtbe Constitution in tlic Government
ottlie United States, or in any dcpaitmcnt oi ollicenheieoi."
These are among the high powers of Govern- 1
ment which must now he brought into full, ample 1
play. Ihe tables which f have before me, pro- j
cuied from the Census Ihircan, shows that the true !
value of the property, teal and personal, within .
the United States, is sixteen billions one hundred
and fifty-nine millions six hundred and sUtedi thou- \
sand «Hd.su7y-c^/t/^/ar,s(^l(3,159,61i),0G85) [see -
tables on next page,] and the assessed value to :
be 4I2,006,7.")6,5S5. j
The power m the Constitution to " lay and col- !
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises" is gen- !
eta! and unlimited. Congress has the power to '
levy and collect any amount of tuxes that may be !
necessary to preserve its existence and pay all its '
debts. Government has a claim—a mortgage, m :
fact—on all this property to that extent. "Will \
Congress do its duty by passing bills to collect :
these taxes? This is the vital question. . Will
Congress have the firmness and the courage to
impose the necessary taxation to sustain the credit
of the Government? Direct taxation, excises, and
internal duties are new features within the Uni-
ted States. They will be heavy burdens on the
people, but essential to sustain the circulation of
demand Treasury notes. The tax-gatherer will
be an unwelcome visitor to most people, but his
face must soon be familiar.
Some members of Congress may hesitate to vote
for the tax bills, fearing that they may not be in
favor with their constituency at home. Under
these circumstances will members cf Congress
meet the question boldly and firmly ? Here is the
whole property of the country at the will of Con-
gress. You have the power to tax it to an unlimited
extent if necessary to sustain the Government.
This is the capital, $L6,000,000,000 in amount,
on which your Treasury notes and bonds rest.
This claim of Government in the hands of Con-
gress is direct and specific on the banks through-
out the United States, including the gold and silver
in their vaults; on commerce, on all kinds of pro-
duction and business; on railroads, steamboats,
and their passengers; on gas companies, on man-
ufacturing companies of all kinds; in short, all real
and personal estate of every kind is held subject
to the payment of the Treasury notes and bonds
issued by the Government. Congress is clothed
with this mighty power to sustain the nation at
this time.
Will you hesitate to do your duty? This is
what the people—the capitalist, the merchant, and
all who confide in your demand notes—want to
know. If they take these notes they want to know
positively whether you will enforce the claim of
the Government upon the property of the country
to the full extent necessary to redeem theTreasury
notes, and pay punctually the interest on the bonds
which they take of you to sustain the Government.
Unless you are prepared to satisfy the country on
this point, it is iu vain to issue bonds or notes and
expect them to pass cuirently among all the peo-
ple. Unless this is done they will depreciate, and
they ought to depreciate; but with ample taxation,
cheerfully voted by Congress, they will be the very
best security in the country, because the whole
property of the country is held for their redemp-
tion. Congress has a plain duty to perform; it
has ample power. This power should now be
enforced. Will Congress perform this duty?
I cannot doubt that it will. The emergency is
great, and the exercise of this power is now an
imperative necessity, in order to sustain the credit
of the United States, and justify the Government
in issuing so large an amount of Treasury notes
to circulate as money, and be made a legal tender
in the payment of debts. Congress (as well as
the Committee of Ways and Means) is of opinion
that we must raise by direct taxes, excises, inter-
nal duties, and duties on imports, during the cur-
rent year, at least $150,000,000. Thatwasshown
by the recent resolution passed by the Senate and
House. This will pay the current ordinary ex-
penses of Government, and interest on all the ex-
traordinary war debt, and create a sinking fund for
retiring- annually a portion of the Treasury notes.
In carrying on this existing war and putting
down the rebellion it is necessary to bring into
exercise all the sovereign power of the Govern-
ment to sustain itself. "The war power must be
exercised to its full extent. The money power
of the Government must be brought into requisi-
tion. The power to tax must be'availed of. All
the energies of the nation must be aroused and
brought into action. The power of the Govern-
ment and the means of the people must all bede-
voted to this great work. The Government must
be preserved, and this nation of thirty-four States
must be perpetuated. The life of the nation is m
peril, and all we have and all we hope for must be
devoted to maintain its existence,until peaceand
quiet are restored in every part of our common
country.
This bill is a necessary 7neans of carrying into
execution the powers granted m the Constitution
"to raise and support armies," and " to provide
and maintain a navy.''*
In the present crisis of our national affairs it is
necessaiy that the Army should be i* supported,J5
and the Navy "maintained." This necessity
will not be questioned by any loyal member on
this floor.
