1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
by the United States, ff ynti turn to the decision
of the Supreme Court in 3 Dallas, it will be
found that at an early day that tribunal decidcd
that the Government of the United States has no
right, under the Constitution, to levy direct tax
upon anything butlandsand slaves. Now, under
the direct tax imposed at the last session, the slave
property paid either $S6,000 or $96,000—1 do not
recollect which it was. Out of the $20,000,000,
Kentucky paid $715,000. A part of that was in
consequence of the three fifths representation of
slaves, and because that property was so counted
as a portion of the taxable population. This prop-
osition will make the owners of that property pay,
in addition to what they have already paid, some
three hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. MALLOIIY. I move to reduce the tax to
one dollar; and I do this, not because 1 am in fa-
vor of taxing the slaves in the United States, but
simply to reply to some of the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, who offered this amend-
ment. 1 apprehend that no oneobjccts to this tax
because it was not uniform m its operation. Every-
body must see that the tax proposed by the gen-
tleman from Missouri is uniform upon this prop-
erty wherever it exists in the United States. I
object to it because it is unequal, inequitable, and
oppressive upon a particular interest of a particu-
lar section.
The gentleman says that there are other de-
scriptions of piupeity confined to particular sec-
tions of this Union, which are taxed by this bill,
and lie enumerates the coal and iron of Penn-
sylvania. That is true; but the coal and iron of
Pennsylvania go into every portion of the United
States, and are used by every man almost in the
United. States, and every consumer pays the tax.
When the iron is converted into implements for
ordinary use, it goes into every State of the Union,
and is used by every citizcn of the Union, and in
that case the consumer pays the tax upon the
iron.
But how is it in relation to slaves? Does the
gentleman allow mo to take my slave into Penn-
sylvania or New York, and sell him, and thus
relieve myself to some extent from the taxation?
He knows that is not the case, and the gentleman
will permit me to say, that when he used that ar-
gument he knew it was a specious but unsound
one. I believe, however, I am expending my
reasoning unnecessarily in this case, for 1 know
that the mind of this House was made up some
days ago against this tax, and I aril perfectly con-
vinced that nothing has occurred between that
time and the present to persuade them that that
decision was wrong.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING I desire to ask
the gentleman a question for information. I wish
the gentleman would inform the House whether
he is prepared to say that the owners of this par-
ticular species of property, if it be property, will i
be taxed more than their fair proportion, it two
dollars, or one dollar according to his amend-
ment, is laid upoji each head, taking into account
that, by the July bill, slaves are not included at all
as a subject of direct taxation; and taking into
account also the other facts of the bill, taxing as
it does the same kinds of property in different
forms, more than once—whether he is prepared
to say, in the light of those two considerations,
that this would be an undue imposition upon those
whom it affects?
Mr. MALLOIIY. I say it will be an undue
burden, and I say it in the lightthat what the gen-
tleman alleges in legard to the direct tax of the
extra session, is utterly incorrect. 1 say that
slaves arc referred to and included in that bill,
from the fact taxes must be imposed according
to Federal representation and population,and that
m that enumeration five slaves count as three
white men. The direct taxes are imposed accord-
ing to population ascertained in that way. In that
way we tax those who own these slaves.
Another remark I desne to make m response !
to the remarks of the gentleman from New York,
and that is, that 1 look upon this tax as burden-
some, oppressive, and unjust, because hu knows
that it is levied upon a species of propeity that is
owned, and can only bo owned, m a particular
section of the Union. If the gentleman, as I said
before, would allow me to take that property to
New York and Pennsylvania, or any other free
States, I would not raise this objection to irnpos- j
mg this tax. But as long as that properly is con- !
fined, by State laws, to a particular section, to
select it out and make it a particular objcct of tax-
ation, as is proposed by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, is unjust and oppressive.
Mr. BLAlR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman that a man who owns a bank in the
State of New York cannot take that franchise to
another State.
Mr. MALLOIIY. I-Ie can get a franchise in
another State,and he can take there what he owns
in New York.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is property
held m New York and other States which cannot
be taken into another State.
Mr. MALLORY. But property in slaves is
not a franchise in the light in which a bank is a
franchise. It is not a privilege which a man de-
rives by a particular and special actof legislation.
Slaves arc property m my estimation, and prop-
erty in the estimation of those who live in the
States where that institution exists. It is prop-
erty in the service of the slave to which a man is
as much entitled as you are to the service of your
horse or ox. And I ask the gentleman from New
York why«it is not proposed in this bill to tax a
horse as a horse, oran ox as an ox ? There is no
such item in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.] 1
Mr. LOYEJOY. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. llOSCOE CONKLING. I hope the gen-
tleman from Illinois will not mix himself up in
this matter just now.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. The gentlumnn from Illinois
will consult his own judgment in that matter.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois that I would like,
with his consent, to give the gentleman from Ken-
tucky as much time as I took away from him, and
then I will give him the floor with much pleasure.
I desire to ask the gentleman whether he affirms
the law to be, or whether lie will admitthe prop-
osition, if I affirm it, that the right to hold slaves
is confined to the States in which they are held;
and that it does not extend to carrying them into
the Territories and into the other Stated5
Mr. MALLORY. In response to the gentle-
man from New York, I was giving not my view
of the law, but his view of the law. 1 made an
argument to him because I thought he believed it
was confined to the States where it exists.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Kentucky is very kind to state my view of
the law, and I feel the more obliged to him be-
cause I should not, perhaps, be able to state it in-
telligently myself. But as my side of the law is
not m the c ise, I desire to get at the view of the
gentleman himself.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman really wants
to know my own opinion about the matter, 1 will
say that I do regard it as the light of the people
of every State to establish and support slavery
within the limits of that State, and that they can-
not be prevented from the exercise of that right
by any action of the Federal Government; and
that 1 believe m their power and right to carry
slavery into the Territories of the United States.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I now yield to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to read a portion of
the Constitution bearing upon this subject:
" Rejnc^enutive-* and dnocf, taxc* '-hall be apportioned*
among tiif.severa! {States accoiding to their respective nuin-
lioijWtnch *hal) be determined In adding to th<i \vhoki num-
ber of fiee pet,-on-, including tho^e bound to service lot n
tetm of ye;u>, and excluding Indians not taxed, tlaee fifth-
of all othei peito'ir.."'
Now, it ifj constantly claimed that because cer-
tain taxes designated here shall be according to
respective numbeis, including throe fifth* of all
other peisons here enumerated, therefore they are
property, because they aie made the basis of tax-
ation. The same article would prove that every
peison enumerated here would be property. It
simply states that direct taxes shall be imposed
according to Fedeia' representation, and to make
up that representation, every man, woman, and
child is to be enumerated, and after describing a
eoitam class of persons, it says " three fifths of
all other persons." It says nothing about negroes,
or about slaves. The diseased biains of certain
gentlemen upon that side of the House construe
that to mean negroes, and that negroes means
slaves. The Constitution knows nothing about
negroes or slaves, and there is no more property
in the three fifths than there is in the other two
fifths. That is all I wanted to say, and I hope it
has not injured any one.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to increase the
amount fifty cents. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has modified his amendment, by inserting
the word " each,M so that the amendment as ?t
stands proposes by act of Congress to impose a
tax upon every person in the United States who
claims the labor or service of any other person
or persons by virtue of the laws of any State,
and two dollars per head for each person so held
to service or labor. The first question to be set-
tled is, what kind of a tax is that? I say, sir,
that it is a capitation tax. 1 say that is a capita-
tion tax the world over which is imposed upon a
person, without respect to property, or profession,
or income. You might as well lay the tax pro-
posed directly upon any person so held to ser-
vice or labor, as it would, so imposed, be in law
and fact the same thing. And who will say, if
the tax were laid upon the person held, instead
of the person claiming the servicc and labor, it
would not be a " capitation iaxV>
Now, sir, your Constitution hasprovided that all
capitation taxes shall be apportioned among the
several States according to the census or enu-
meration of representative population therein pro-
vided for. Why is that? That each citizen shall
contribute to its payment in proportion to the
amount of his taxable property, that the injustice
shall not be legalized of imposing upon ttie poor
man in his hovel, surrounded by his only earthly
treasures, his poverty-stricken children, thesame
burden in support of the State as upqn the rich
man in his palace, clothed in purple and fine linen.
A capitation tax may be assessed and collected,
but it must be apportioned among the several
States according to the representative population
of each, and being so apportioned, it must be as-
sessed and collected according to the value ofthe
taxable property of each citizen. That is the rc-
qunementof the Constitution—that is equality.
Let each man contribute to the support of the
State in proportion to his means.
Apply this principle now, if you please, to the
proposed amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri. The language of that amendment is, that
every person who claims the labor or service of
any other person or persons under the law of any
State, shall pay, on account of such claim, two dol-
lars for each person whose labor or service is so
claimed. I say that by the Jaw of every State of
this Union to-day every father has a claim to the
labor and service of every minor child of his house,
and that by this amendment he is to be taxed as
well as the master who owns slaves. I desire to
know of this House by what warrant they under-
take to say that any man shall be taxed two dol-
lars per head for the children of his house, of
which capitation tax his neighbor, who has no
children, but tenfold the amount of his property,
is not to pay one cent? Property in this land is
the subject of taxation, and notchildien. Gen-
tlemen may say that you cannot point to the law
of any State declaring that a father is entitled to
the servicc and labor of his children. Let gentle-
men point me to the statute law of any State de-
claring that a master is entitled to the service and
labor of his slaves.
Gentlemen will find no such statute in either
case. And yet, sir, that the father is entitled to
the service and labor of his minorchildren, is the
common law of the several States, and recognized
as such. There aie, to be sure, some statutes
which, by intendment, amount to that, but not in
terms. Nothing is more common than for a father
to bring an action against another who has de-
prived him of the labor or service of his minor
child, and he invariably maintains it. I refer to
this rule for the purpose of showing that the effect
of the gentleman's amendment is to tax every
citizen two dollars per head upon each of his chil-
dren, and subject him alone to the burden of us
payment, f desiie that these objections to the
amendment may go upon the rccord. Lay a cap-
itation tax in this form, or a moie direct form if
you please, but when you lay it, you should ap-
portion it among the several Slates, and assess
and collect it within the several States as appor-
tioned upon the actual taxable wealth of their sev-
eral citizens, without regard to the number of his
children or slaves, thereby distributing the bur-
den and making- him who is childless, but rich in
