1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*7
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of Hie Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
increased and increasing resources than that debt
made necessary.
It will be for the wisdom of Congress to determ-
ine how far the annual and the aggregate buidens
of the people shall be diminished by retrenchment,
by economy, by prudent yet vigorous adjustment
of means to ends, and by just contributions from
rebel property. Nothing more certainly enhances
credit and improves resources than the reduction
of wants and wise energy in administration.
TheSecretary forbears making; any recommend-
ations concerning the authorities with which it
may be expedient to invest him in respect to future
loans. He begs leave to refer this matter alto-
gether to the better judgment of Congress, .sug-
gesting only that, whatever discretion it may be
thought prudent to give him in other respects, the
rate of interest be limited by law.
Turning now from the more immediate consid-
eration of the public finances, the Secretary soli-
cits the attention of Congress to some other topics
connected with the administration of the Treasury
Department.
By the act of Congress of July 13, J861, com-
mercial intercourse with States declared to be in
insurrection by the President was prohibited, and
the Secretary of the Treasury was authored to
establish such rules and regulations as he might
deem expedient,.in accordance with which, under
license from the President, a restricted trade might
be conducted. Upon full consideration of the
whole subject, it has not been deemed advisable
as yet to establish any general rules and regula-
tions for such a trade, in a few instances special
licenses have been granted to convey particular
articles of property into insurrectionary States,
and to carry on a limited trade with parts of east-
ern Virginia inhabited by loyal people; but with
these inconsiderable exceptions, it has been hith-
erto thought best to enforce the prohibition to the
full extent of the act. As the act itself, however,
does not seem to contemplate the forfeiture of
property, unless used for the purposes of the re-
bellion, or found in transit to or from insurrec-
tionary States, its execution has notbeen extended
beyond that intent.
To avoid, as far as possible, the practical in-
conveniences of this suspension of commerce, the
Secretary, with the approbation of the President,
has established regulations, m accordance with
which cotton, rice, and other property will be col-
lected and cared for by agents of the Department
in insurrectionary districts occupied by troops of
the Union, and will bo forwarded by sea to New
York. All sales will be made'for account of the
Government, and the proceeds paid into the na-
tional Treasury, subject to any just claims of loyal
citizens. This arrangement is, of course, tem-
porary in its nature. Asa general rule, in the
judgment of the Secretin y, commeicc should fol-
low the flag; and whenever the authority of the
Union is fully restored in districts sufficiently ex-
tensive for the rcestablishment of loyal State gov-
ernment, affording due security against abuses of
trade in furnishing aid and comfort to rebellion,
the ports should be opened without restriction,
and ail commerce freely permitted.
With a view to reformation of abuses and re-
duction of expenses, the Secretary has caused
most of the collection districts in all the States and
Territories not under insuirectionary control, to
be visited by an officer of his Department. Their
inquiries have led to the abolition of some offices,
and a reduction of the allowance and compensa-
tion to the incumbents of others, amounting to
$75,095 annually. This sum, with the temporary
deduction of annual expenses, occasioned by the
suspension of official duties in the rebellious States,
amounting to $644,141 68, will more than suffice
for all the expenses arising under the act of July
for the additional agents, inspectors, and aids, re-
quired for its due execution and the prevention of
illegal traffic.
In this connection the Secretary asks permis-
sion to direct the attention of Congress to the fact
that surveyors of ports at several points in the
Mississippi valley are almost exclusively occupied
by their duties under the act of J uly, and are sub-
jected m consequence to labors and i esponsibilmes
for which the compensation now allowed bylaw
is not an equhalent. It is, therefore, suggested
that the Secretary be authorized to make some
additional allowances, to be paid from the appro-
priation already made for such services.
The Secretary also recommends that a division
be provided for of forfeitures, fines, and penalties,
under this act, between the officers, the informer,
and the Government, corresponding to that now
allowed by the revenue laws in other cases; and
m order to protect the interests both of citizens
and of the Government, he further suggests that
in all cases of fines, forfeitures, and penalties,
under whatever law, when the amount in contro-
versy docs not exceed $1,000, the Secretary be
authorized to prescribe whatever mode may seem
most convenient and certain for ascertaining the
facts involved, and to ducct such scttlementof the
matter in controversy by remitter or otherwise, as
he may deem just.
The interests of the Government will also be
promoted, in the judgment of the Secretary, by
the appointment of a solicitor of customs, to re-
side in the city of New York, who shall conduct
ail suits and prosecutions, and collect all penalties,
fines, forfeitures, and dues to the Government,
under the revenue laws, within the collection dis-
trict of New York, and advise the collector in
respect to all legal questions connected with the
customs which may be referred to him by that
officer.
The operations of the Mint during the last year
were large beyond precedent. The net amount of
bullion received was $72,146,571 01; the amount
coined was, of gold coins, $60,693,237; of silver
coins, $2,605,700; of cent coins, $101,660; of
gold bars, $29,015,163 64; and of silver bars,
$278,006 94; making the total coinage of tin;
year $83,693,767 58; Of the bullion deposited
$54,149,865 32 were received at the Assay Office
in New York; of the gold bars, $19,948,728 88;
and of the silver bars, $187,018 03, in value, were
stamped at the same office. Of $799,923,362 14,
the entire coinage since the establishment of the
Mint, $520,000,000 have been coined from bullion
derived from mines of the United States.
Of the gold deposited during the last year,
$34,216,889 52, and of the silver, $610,011 29,
were from the mines of the United States; the
remainder formed part of the unusually large re-
ceipts during the year from foreign countries.
The laige and rapidly increasing pioduction of
gold m theTeiritory of Colorado suggests inquiry
into the expediency of establishing an assay office
or a branch mint at Denver. A private mint for
the convenience of the people is now in operation
at that place; and obvious considerations seem to
require the substitution of national for private
agencies in coinage.
The silver mines of Nevada and Arizona have
also yielded large returns; and the protection of
the citizens, engaged in extracting their treasures,
from insuirectionaiy and savage violence, de-
mands the earnest consideration of Congress.
3No means exist of ascertaining, with absolute
certainty, the quantity of coin now in the United
States; but the best accessible data lead the Sec-
retary to concur in the judgment of the Director
of the Mint that the amount is between two hun-
dred and seventy-five million and three hundicd
million dollars.
The Secretary takes great pleasure in directing
the attention of Congress to the able and instruct-
ive report of that officer, and to the suggestions it
contains.
Under the act of July 27, 1861, large claims
have been presented, by the authorized agents of
the Governors of the several States, for expenses
i incurred on account of troops uused by them rc-
j spectivcly, and employed for the suppression of
j the insurrection; but, as the act authorizing the
i settlement of these claims required pioper vouchers
| in support of them to be filed and passed upon by
the accounting officers, and us no such vouchers
have as yet been furnished, it ha^ been hitherto
impracticable to adjustand pay them. Inasmuch,
however, as these expenditures wero mcurrcd at
a time when Congress was not m session, and
when the public exigency was imperative, and
were marked, so far as the statements submit-
ted to him disclosed their character, by discretion
and patriotism,the Secretary thought himself war-
ranted in advancing to the scvcial States, upon
certificates of the State officers to the general cor-
rectness of the accounts, and on condition that no
fuither claim should be made on account of the
expenses contemplated by the act until after final
settlement upon vouchers, the sum of forty per
centum of their respective demands; and he has
accordingly paid to the States of Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, and Wisconsin the agsregrate sum
of §4,514,078 51.
As the law did not seem to contemplate the con-
tinued action of State officers for Federal objects,
but confined the appropriation made by it to ex-
penses incurred, leaving expenses to be incurred
to the action of Federal officers within their re-
spective spheres of duty, the Secretary has not
thought himself authorized to settle in the unusual
mode provided by the act, except for advances
actually made, or at least contractcd for prior to
its passage. All other claims are, and will be,
referred to the War Department for sanction and
requisition, unless Congress shall be pleased to
direct otherwise.
An act of the last Congress authorized the pay-
ment of claims, allowed for certain services and
expenses in Oregon and Washington, to be made
by the issue of bonds of United States, bearing
six per cent, interest, and payable twenty years
after date. The Secretary most respectfully asks
the attention of Congress to the injurious influ-
ences of authorizing such issues for such purposes.
Claims are easily allowed when paymentis to be
made otherwise than in money, and bonds issued
for claims are apt to come into the market in
competition with bonds issued for loans, to the
serious prejudice of the public credit. That no
important injury has resulted from the act just
referred to is to be attributed to the faithful vigi-
lance of the Third Auditor in the examination of
the claims made upon the Treasury, and the com-
paratively small amount, of bonds, notexceeding,
probably, two million eight hundred thousand
dollars in ail, issued or to be issued in payment
of them.
The attention of Congress is respectfully di-
rected to the observations of the Fifth Auditor, m
respect to the abuses which have been tolerated
m the consular system, and the expediency of au-
thorizing the appointment of a consul general for .
the coast and islands of the Pacific.
In disieg.ud of icpcated warnings of impend-
ing danger in December last, the Secretary of the
Treasury in office at the time neglected to take
the necessary measures to secure the vessels and
other movable property connected with the light-
house establishments. This property, therefore,
became the easy prey of insurrectionary violence.
Acts of rapine and plunder followed each other in
quick succession as the rebellion spread, until the
lights of commerce were extinguished along the
whole coast—except at Key West and some neigh-
boring points protected by the power of the Union
—from the capes of the Chesapeake round to the
western limits of Texas. In other parts of the
country, the light-house system has been extended
and improved, until it is surpassed in aids and
benefits to navigation and commerce by that of no
other country. Under the direction of the Secre-
tary also, as the rebellion has been suppressed in
district after district, the lights have been rekin-
dled. Already from the coasts of the Chesapeake,
from the banks of Hatferas, from the islands of
Port Royal entrance, and from Chandeleur island
in the Gulf, they shine once more as the safe-
guards and symbols of fraternal commerce and
peaceful civilization. May we not hope that the
time is not far off when every extinguished light
shall be in like manner restored, amid the rejoicings
of a reunited people?
The Secrctaiy respectfully invites legislative
attention to the condition of the marine hospitals
constructed or in process of construction. The
number has been increased far beyond necessity
or utility, and to the serious prejudice of the fund
for sick and disabled seamen, derived from the
hard earnings of the meritorious class to which
they belong. At present, indeed, some of these
hospitals are made available for the benefit of the
troops, but this use must nccessanly be partial
and temporary. Of these, therefore, as well as
those not thus used, the Secretary recommends
that those least advantageously situated and em-
ployed be disposed of on the most favorable
