1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
this world's goods, pay his full proportion of the
amount so levied. Thatis justand equitable,and
it seems to me that all men the world over must
recognize it as just and equitable. For myself, I
am free to say that there is no provision of our
Constitution, among all its wondrous provisions, j
more just or wise than that which equalizes the ]
burdens of taxation in proportion to the wealth of
the citizen.
Why, sir, there is, to my mind, a divineness
in this rule of just equality prescribed by your
Constitution, so unusual in the constitutions of
States, that I might almost say it is the only ver-
itable miracle the world has seen since the ban-
ished evangelist, eighteen hundred years ago,
closed the canomof Holy Writ. Of all the wise
and just and humane provisions of your Consti-
tution none commends itself more strongly to my
brain or heart than that provision which declares
that all capitation taxes shall be apportioned among
the several States, according totheir respective
numbers of representative population; and that,
when you have so apportioned it, you shall levy
it according to the actual wealth of the several
citizens, without rcspect to their relations to the
particular persons thus enumerated. Suppose, by
way of illustration, that you lay a direct tax—and
I say a capitation tax is a direct tax and must be
apportioned accordingly—amounting to one dollar
per head upon the whole representative popula-
tion of the United States, and that the State of
South Carolina had .but live hundred thousand
of representative population, of which two hun-
dred and fifty thousand are slaves, that number
being three fifths of her whole slave population.
When you come to make the apportionment among
the States of your direct tax of one dollar per head
of the representative population, the proportion-
ate share of South Carolina is $500,000; because
her representative population, including three
fifths of slaves, is five hundred thousand persons.
I am ready to tax slaves in that way at any time.
But I am not willing to tax, as proposed, every
man two dollars for each of his children without
apportionment. Such injustice is forbidden by
the Constitution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. OLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from New York, I desire to
modify my amendment by inserting after the word
"labor" the words " for life."
Mr. OLIN. When this subject was before the
House oji a former occasion, this proposition was
voted against by some members of the House, as
I am informed, under the idea that the tax sought
to be imposed was unconstitutional—that it was,
in the language of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] properly a capitation tax. Now, this
idea, I uust, is peculiar to the gentleman from
Ohio and some others, and it rests, if 1 may be
allowed to state his argument without circumlocu-
tion, upon the idea that there is no property in the
relation created by the laws of the slave States by
which one man its authored to claim the services
of another for life.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will do mo
the kindness to say that he has stated exactly the
basis of my argument. By Federal law there is
no such thing.
Mr. OLIN. I so understood. Now, if it were
true that the Federal courts or the courts of the
various States m which this right of property is
claimed to exist would so constiue the law; in
other words, if the jiu ispi udence of the country
pronounced that it was not a property relation,
then I admit that the argument of the gentleman
would be sound.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speakerhavingrcsumed thechair, a message from
the Senate^ by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, an-
nounced that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House (No. 118) to authorize thePostmasferGen-
eral to establish branch post offices in cities, wi:h
an amendment in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session, and proceeded
again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. OLIN. Now, whatever speculative theories
the gentleman from Ohio may indulge in, the sig-
nificant and all-controlling fact exists, neverthe-
less, in this country, that the entire jurisprudence
of the country does recognize such a relation, and
we know, in fact, by the confession of the whole
country, that that relation is, by those who enjoy
it, regarded as a profitable one. This right, created
by local law, or by what they call the common law
of these States, creates an interest which is en-
joyed and sold and transmitted by inheritance,
and which is disposed of for money; and it is
therefore, in the jurisprudence of the country, a
right of property, just like every other property-
right created by statute law, or by the common
law, in reference to a vast variety of interests in
the States, which were not by the law of nature
the subjects of property, but are- made such by
statute law or custom, so as to become a part of
the common law.
Now, sir, the tax proposed in this amendment
bears no more resemblance to a capitation tax
than does a tax imposed upon a man who applies
for a license to peddle goods through the country.
The law in the latter case creates the special priv-
ilege that the peddler has, and you tax the inter-
est thus created by law. The laws of the slave
States which authorize a man to claim, and to
enforce by law the claim to another's services—and
it is understood to be or supposed to be in the eye
of the law a profitable relation—can there be any
reason why a tax should not be imposed upon
persons who enforce those rights, and enjoy un-
der the law the profits of that relation ? This tax
bears no resemblance to a capitation tax; indeed
that argument of the gentleman from Ohio cannot
be maintained for a moment except upon the the-
ory that this relation of master and slave created
by the several States is entirely void in law, and
should not be recognized by the jurisprudence of
the country. That is, sir, the theory of the gen-
tleman from Ohio; but as the legislative, judicial,
and executive departments of the Government are
all opposed to the gentleman's theory, we may
properlyjcgislate with reference to existing facts,
and discard all theories.
Now, one word in reference to the question
.whether this taxwould he unjustandinequitable,
as affirmed by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallory.] Why, look at it. In some of
the States—in South Carolina, for instance—al-
most all their personal property, as they call it, is
invested in negro slaves. In Massachusetts a huge
proportion of property is invested in manufactures.
You tax to the utmost all that kind of propeity,
and yet the argument of thcgcntleman fiom Ken-
tucky would exempt entirely this slave property,
which you, at least, call property.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the tax to three dollars The
amount of that which is claimed as property, and
which is used as property, and which is proposed
to be taxed under this amendment, would proba-
bly be two thousand millions of dollars. Now,
the question for the committee to determine is,
shall this vast amount of that which is claimed
to be property and used as such, at a time when
we are taxing everything—all the necessaries of
life—at a time when we are seeking vigilantly for
objects of taxation, shall this vast amount of that
which is claimed and used as property be entirely
exempt from taxation? I should like to know
what there is in this which is claimed and used
as propeity which is so sacred and which should
give it a peculiar advantage over everything else ?
Why, sir, you tax the agricultural interests of the
West heavily and severely; you tax the manu-
facturing interests of New England heavily; and
here is a large section of country where there is
a very large amount of that which is claimed as
property, and you refuse to tax it at all. And
why? Why, sir, the bill which I hold in my hand,
and which has been the subject of deliberation in
this House for the last few weeks, is the direct
result of that relation which you are now seeking
to impose a tax upon.
The Committee of Ways and Means has been
industriously engaged m preparing these items so
eis to spread the tax over everything productive
in this country, so as to make the tax as equal
and just as possible; but is it not strange that that
which is the origin of the cxpenditiue which we
are now seeking the means to pay should have
been disregarded and overlooked? And is it not
strange that when we are seeking for objects of
taxation on which to lay the burdens now press-
ing so heavily on the country, the enormous ac-
cumulation of thatwhich is called property should
be disregarded and exempted ? Is it just, is it fair?
I can see no equity, no justice, no fairness in an
omission to tax that which, in any sense of the
case, constitutes a very large part of thatwhich is
held as property.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MENZIES. I oppose the amendment to
the amendment. I was surprised, Mr. Chairman,
at the introduction of this proposition this morning.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will my colleague allow
me one minute that I may read a sentence from the
decision of the Supreme Court on this question?
Mr. MENZIES. My colleague will have an
opportunity to do so by and by. We had just
got through the bill, as I supposed, and I was com-
ing to the conclusion that if we could get rid of two
little amendments which I myself voted for, I would
readily vote for the bill in the House. The other
day, after full deliberation and discussion of this
same thing, the committee deliberately rejected it
by a decided vote. How it is that any one can
come in to-day and propose to lay this same tax
in a different form of words, and represent it as a
different thing, I cannot understand. How can
any gentleman see a difference in it because it is
couched in different language? Some gentlemen
here say that slaves are not property; and yet they
are willing to vote to impose a direct tax upon
them. Why not tax the people of the North who
employ laborers, two dollars a head for every la-
borer employed ? I solemnly believe that the peo-
ple of the State from which I come will pay as
much in proportion to what they are worth as the
people of any other partof thcUnited States. Now,
this capitation tax—for it is really nothing else—
is a direct tax over and above the taxes which the
people of the nonslaveholding States are to pay.
Ldesire to propose an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, as an
amendment to an amendment is pending.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. MENZIES. Then I move to amend by
providing that every person owning a horse shall
pay, in consideration of the services thereof, one
dollar.
Mr. BLAIvE. I raise the question of order that
this is not germane to the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment would be in
order as an independent section, but is not as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I move toamend
the amendment by increasing the sum therein
named. This proposition, if it fails at all, wiil
fail on account of a union between the extreme
opposites of sentiment in the House. It is"said
on the one side that such a tax as this would be
grossly unjust. That is affirmed by those who
arc termed the friends of the institution of slavery.
It is affirmed on the other side that such a tax
would assert or admit the idea of property in man.
That is affirmed by those who, par excellence* are
the enemies of slavery. The union of opposites
is to defeat this proposition, if it be defeated at all.
Now, with great respect to those who differ, I
deny the soundness of both these propositions.
In the first place, I deny that, either by direction
or by indirection, theie is,m the imposition of th^
tax, the slightest admission, the faintest recogni-
tion of the idea, necessarily, that man holds prop-
erty in man ; and I say that this bill itself, without
referring to any other authority, refutes entirely
the assumption that you cannot tax an article ex-
cept it be property. Why, sir, billiard tables are ,
taxed—billiard tables*kept for hire. And yet, by
the laws of the State in which I live, not only are
these billiard tables not property, but they are con-
fiscated as a nuisance by the law of the State, so that
whenever a game of pool, in the language of the
statute, is played on one of them, I can have the
shenffgoin andbreakanddestroy that table. And
yet we tax it. But do we thereby clothe it with any
now considerations of property ? So, too, a man
has a collection of reptiles, snakes, natural curi-
osities, which are not property. If I take them,
the owner cannot sue for them <*nd recover. Yet
do we not tax them in every form? Do not mu-
nicipal corporations require the owner to procure
