526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
on the powei to which the care of it is committed." *
* * * " This power ought to be under the direc-
tion of the same councils which are appointed to preside
over the common defense.'* * * * * "It must
be admitted as a necessary consequence, that there can bo
no limitation of that authoiity which is to provide for the
defense and protection of the community in any mattei es-
sential to iH efficacy, that is, in any matter essential to the
formation, direction, or support of the national forces."
" This statement," adds Hamliton,
"rests apon two axioms, simple as they are universal: the
wieansoughtto be proportioned to the end; the persons from
whose agency the attainment of the end is expected ought
to possess the means by which it is to be attained ^—Feder-
alist, No. 23, pp. 95,96.
Congress may judge of the necessity in the
present exigency. It may decide whether it will
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
demand Treasury notes, and make them a legal
tender in payment of debts, or whether it will put
its six or seven per cent, bonds on the market, at
various rates of discount, and raise the money at
any sacrifice the money-lender may require to
meet the pressing demands upon the Treasury.
In the one case the Government will be able to
pay its debts at fair rates of interest; in the other
it must go into the streets shinning for the means,
like an individual in failing circumstances, and
sure of being used up in the end by the avarice of
those who may exact unreasonable terms. The
Government needs and should have in herprescnt
peril the aid and protection of all patriotic citizens.
But, sir, knowing the power of money, and the
disposition there is among men to use it for the
acquisition of greater gain, I am unwilling that
this Government, with all its immense power and
resources, should be left in the hands of any class
of men, bankers or money-lenders, however re-
spectable and patriotic they may be. The Gov-
ernment is much stronger than any of them. Its
capita] is much greater. It has control of the
bankers' money, and all the brokers'money, and
all the property of the thirty millions of people
und'T its jurisdiction. Why, then, should it go
into Wall street, State .street, Chestnut street, or
any other street begging for money ? Their money
is not as secure as Government money. All the
gold they possess would noteariyon the Govern-
ment for ninety days They issue only promises
to pay, which, if Congress does its duty, are not
half as secure as United States Treasury notes
based on adequate taxation upon all the property
of the country.
Why then go into the streets at all to boirow
money ? I am opposed, in our present extremity,
to all shifts of this kind. I prefer to assert the
power and dignity of the Government, by the
issue of its own notes, "pledging the faith, the
honor, and property of the whole loyal people of
the country to maintain their circulation and pro-
vide for their ledeniption.
On the question of constitutional power we are
not left without the recorded opinions of the ablest
jmislsm the country. (J Kent's Commentaries,
331-5-3; McCulloch vs. the State of Mai y land, 4
Wheuton\ it. 413-20.)
Chief Justice Marshall, Daniel Webster, and
Judge Kent lay down the doctiine as follows:
"The Government of the United State? is one of enumer-
ated poweis, and it can exeiene only the poweis planted to
it; but though iiuutrd in lis poweit, it is •mpieme within
iN j-pliei o of action It the Govenmient oi the people of
the ('lined Kiate^, and emanated 1'iom them. Its powers
weie delegated by all. and it iepte<ents all,andaets foi all.
'•Theie n nothing in the Constitution which excludes
incidental oi implied poweis. The Allude-* of Conlrdem-
tion gave nothing to the United States but \\ hat wa-. e\-
pie^-ly planted ; hut the new Constitution (hopped (he woid
expic^ly, and lelf thu question wliethei a pauu filar power
was granted to depend on a fan construction of the whole
netilmicin. No constitution can contain an aeeiuate de-
tail ut'all the -ui>divi-ions ot its powris and all the means
b> winch they nni?ht be carried into execution. It would
lemtej it too piohx. (t> natuie tequircv that only thegieat
outlines should be niai ked and it.« important objects desig-
nated, and all the mmoi ingredient leu to tie didin edfrom
ihe nature ot those objects. The mvou! and the puise. all
the external relation*, and no inconsideianle portion of the
mdu-tiy oi ihe nation, weie mtiu>ted to the Geneial Gov-
einmeut; and a Government muiMed wnli such ample
power*, on the auc execution of whieh the happiness and
pio^ptruy oi the people vitallv dcpemled, must aiso be in-
truded ujth ample means oj thur c./caUwn. Unle-h ihe
woids impel euMy lefjuiic if, we on^ht not to adopt a con-
stitution which would impuio to the riumeis of the Con-
stitution, w in a planting gi'.at powet loi the public jjood,
the intention of imprding then eveiciso, by withholding a
choice oj m^ans. The po\\ ei-, given to the Government nn-
])ly the oidmary meansot execution; and the Government,
m all sound reason and (air iuteipietauon, must have the
choice of the means which it deem? the most convenient
and appiopuate to the execution of the power.
<lThe Co'i^itii'ion lids not left the iidu of Congress to
employ the necessary means for the execution of its pow-
ers to general reasoning. Aiticie one, section eight, of the
Constitution exptessly conteis on Congress the power ' to
make ail laws that may be necessary and propei to carry
into execution the foie^oing powers.' Congress may em-
ploy such means and pass such iaws as it may deem neces-
sary to carry into execution great powers gianted by the
Constitution ; and necessary means, m the .sense of the Con-
stitution, does not import an absolute physical necessity so
strong that one thing cannot exist without the other. It
stands for any means calculated to produce the end. The
word necessary admits of ail degrees of compaiison. A
thing maybe necessary, or very necessary, or absolutely
or indispensably necessary. The word is used in various
senses, and in its consti uction the subject, the context, the
intention, are all to be taken into view. The powers of the
Government were given foi the welfare of the nation. They
were intended to endure for ages to come, and to be adapted
to the various crises in human affahs. To prescribe the spe-
cific means by which Government should m all future time
execute its power, and to confine the choice of means to
such narrow hmity as should not leave it m the power of
Congress to adopt any which might be appropuate and con-
ducive to the end, would be most unwise and pernicious;
because it would be an attempt to ptovidc, by immutable
rules, for exigencies winch, if foreseen at all, must have
been foiescen dimly, and would deprive the Legislature of
the capacity to avail itsell of experience, or to exercise its
reason and accommodate its legislation to cucuuMances.
It'the end be legitimate, and within the scope of the Con-
stitution, all means which ate appiopnate, and plainly
adapted to this end, and which aie not piohibited by the
Constitution, aie lawlul."
It is plainly within the scope of the Constitu-
tion that thy Government should maintain itself;
that the Army should be supported; that the Navy
should be maintained. The ways and means of
doing this arc left to Congress to provide. Con-
gress may do this entirely by taxation. It may
provide by law to levy and collect taxes enough
every year to pay the whole expenses of the war
dining each current year, and so " pay as we go."
It may issue six percent, bonds and sell them on
the market for what they will bring—even if they
will not sell for over fifty cents on the dollar—to
ldise money to cany on the war. It may issue
Treasury notes payable on demand, and make
them a legal tender in payment of debts. Either
one or all of these modes of paying the expenses
of the Government is left to the discretion of Con-
giess. Either mode is constitutional, and it is left
to the sound discretion of Congress to decide which
mode it will adopt, or whether it willadoptapart
of each as being the best in the present crisis.
IVly own impression is, that it will be best for
us to adopt, in pait, all of these modes for provid-
ing the means.
1. Raise by taxation the current year, over and
above the amount received from duties on imports,
the sum of $150,000,000.
2. Issue $100,000,000 of demand Treasury notes
in addition to the $50,000,000 authorized in July,
making them a h-^nl tender in payment of debts,
and exchangeable at any time for six per cent,
twenty years' bonds. With a further issue of
! demand notes if Congress shall heieafter deem it
1 necessary.
3. Provide for the issue of all the twenty years'
six per cent, bonds that may be necessaiy to
fund the demand Treasury notes, and other fund-
able Tieasury notes that may be issued, (say
$500,000,000 yix per cent, twenty years' coupon
bonds,) and pledge $30,000,000 of the annual j
taxes to pay the interest half yearly thereon, and i
pledge $*25,000,000 more, as a sinking fund to j
redeem the principal in twenty years. j
4. This tax of $150,000,000 would afford an ,
ample basis on which to rest the credit of the Gov- j
ernment for this large issue of Treasury notes and i
bonds, and would insure the punctual payment of j
the interest to the capitalists who might hold them. 1
5. The domand notes put in circulation would 1
meet the present exigencies of the Government, |
in the discharge of its existing liabilities to the
Army, Navy, and contractors, and for supplies,
materials, and munitions of war. These notes
would find their way into all the channels of trade
among the people; and as they should accumulate
m the hands of capitalists they would exchange
them for the six per cent, twenty years' bonds.
These circulating notes in the hands of the peo-
ple would enable them to pay the taxes imposed,
and would facilitate all business operations be-
tween formers, mechanics, commercial business
men, and banks, and be equally as good as, and
in most cases belter than, the present irredeem-
able circulation issued by the banks.
G. The $500,000,000 six per cent, twenty years'
bonds iu the hands of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, ready to be issued, would afford ample op-
portunity for funding the Treasury notes as feist
as capitalists might desire to exchange Treasury
notes not bearing interest for coupon bonds of the
United States bearing six per cent, interest, and
amply secured by a tax upon the people and all
their property.
In this way the Government will be able to get
along with its immediate and pressing necessities,
without being obliged to force its bonds on the mar-
ket atruinous rates of discount, the people under
heavy taxation will be shielded againsthigh rates
of interest, and the capitalists will be afforded a
fair compensation for the use of their money dur-
ing the pending struggle of the country for na-
tional existence.
A suspension of specie payments is greatly to
be deplored, but it is not a fatal step in an exigency
like the present. The British Government and the
-Bank of England remained under suspension from
1797 to 1821-22, a peiiod of twenty-five years.
During this time England successfully resisted the
imperial power of the Emperor Napoleon, and pre-
served her own imperiled existence. As a meas-
ure of necessity, she made the Bank of England
notes virtually a legal tender by suspending the
specie restriction. During all this time the peo-
ple of Great Britain advanced in wealth, popula-
tion, and resources. Goldis not as valuable as the
productions of the farmer and mechanic, for it is
not as indispensable as are food and raiment. Our
Army and Navy must have what is far more val-
uable to them than gold and silver. They must
have food, clothing, and the material of war.
Treasury notes issued by the Government, on the
faith of the whole people, will purchase these in-
dispensable articles, and the war can be prosecuted
until we can enforce obedience to the Constitution
and laws, and an honorable peace be thereby se-
cured. This being accomplished, I will be among
the first to advocate a speedy return to specie pay-
ments, and all measures that are calculated to pre-
serve the honor and dignity of the Government in
time of peace, and which I regret are not practi-
cable in the prosecution of this war.
I do not despair; on the contrary, I have an
abiding faith in the patriotism, firmness, and re-
sources of the people to maintain this Govern-
ment. I feel that we are in great peril; but when
the people and our rulers become sufficiently
aroused to fully appreciate the magnitude and
probable duration of the rebellion—a rebellion that
has grown into most gigantic proportions—then
shall we be able to put forth the energy and the
means necessary to crush it.
An early and successful advance of our armies
is of the utmost importance; we need such an
advance to sustain the financial credit of the Gov-
ernment; we need it to prevent foreign interven-
tion; we need it to rouse the flagging energies of
the people; and, above all, we need it to vindicate
the courage and invincibility of our brave soldiers,
who are so anxious to be led on to victory.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose to offer
an amendment as a substitute for the first section
of the bill, and an amendment to the second sec-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman propose
to discuss his amendment to-night? If not, I ask
him to yield, and allow the committee to rise and
dispose of this bill for the present, that we may
resume the consideration of the legislative appro-
priation bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will yield after
the amendment is read.
The substitute and amendment were read, as
follows:
That to meet the necessities of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, and to piovide a currency leceivable foi public
dues, the Secretaiy ot the. Treasury is hereby authorized to
issue, on the credit ot the United States, Treasury uotcs m
any amount not exceeding $150,000,000, not bearing intei-
e^t, and of such denominations as he may deem expedient,
not greater than $1,000 nor less than five dollais each.
Provided, however, that $50,000,000 of said notes shall be
in lieu of the demand Treasury notes authoi ized to be i^ued
by the act of July 17, 1801; which said demand notes, so
far as issued, shall betaken up as lapidlya^ practicable, and
the notes lieicm piovided fur substituted for them , and no
more of «aid demand notes shall be issued or leissued alter
the passage of this act: Jind provided farther, That the
amount ot the two kinds of notes together shall at no time
exceed the sum of $150,000,000, and the Trcasuty notes
heiein authonzed shall he icceivable in payment ot ail taxes,
duties, imposts, excises, debt-;, and demands of ever} kind
due to the United States ; und any Iioldei thereof depositing
any sum not less than §100, or some multiple of one bun
dred, with the Tieasuier of the United States, or cither ot
the Assinaiv Trea-uieis. oi either of the designated depo*-
