1801.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation of Slaves in Rebel Slates—Mr. Harding,
Ho. or Reps.
York. I ask the Clerk to read the proceedings on
that occasion, including the names of the members
who voted for the resolution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Sherman, by unanimous consent, submitted the
following amendment in the natme oi ;i substitute lor both
of tin4 ievolutions submitted by Mr. Palmer, viz: Strike
out all after the woid ' llcsolved,' and m-cit:
" ' That neithei the Congress of the United States nor the
people oi governments of the non-skiveholdiug Slates have
the constitutional right to lo<jis-iate upon, or interfere with,
slaveiy in any of the slavehoiding {States m the Union.'
"And the question bom? put. k Will the House agiee
thereto."
" It was deeided in the affiimative.
" The question tlien ivcuning on the said resolutions as
amended,
M . Sherman liiovd the pievious question ; which was
seconded, and the main question oideied and put, viz :
i Will the [louse asjree to tlie said i (.'solutions as amended ?'
" And it was decided it) the afliimative—j eas 101, nay.s 0.
"The yeas and nays being desired by one tilth ol the
members pie.-ent,
"Those who voted in the affirmative aie—
'Mi. Chailes r\ Adams,
Green Adams,
C\!ih Aldueh,
William Allen,
Thomas L. Andet«on,
William V. Anderson,
William T. Aveiy,
Elijah ISabbitt,
Thoma* J. Dai r,
J. It. Hairett,
John A. Bingham,
Samuel S. I3iau,
Ilan tson G. Blake,
Thomas S. P>oeock,
Alexander it. Boteler,
Reese U. Btah'-on,
William 1). Brayton,
George Brings,
Francis M. Bii->tow,
John V. liiowu,
James Bufiiuton,
John C. Burch,
Aii-osi l.uilinname,
Ileniy C Bin nett,
Mattm Butteiliekl,
Jame* II. Campbell,
John Oaiey,
Luther C. Carter,
Chai les Case,
floiace T. Claik,
John B. Chuk,
Stephen Coburn,
John Coehiaue,
SehujlerCollax,
Itoseoe Conklmg,
Thomas Coi win,
John Covotie,
Samuel S. Cox,
James Craig,
Samuel It. Curtis,
Ilemy L, Dawes,
Chailes Delano,
William II. Dimimck,
R. Holland Duell,
W. MeKee Dunn,
Ilenry A. Edmutidson,
Thomas jM. Edvvatds,
Thoma-. D. Eliot,
Allied Elv,
William 11. Lheih-h,
Emcr.-on Dtheiidgc,
John F. Faiuswoith,
Oiu> S. Feny,
Thomas B. Kloience,
Stephen C Foster,
Augustus Frank,
, Ezia B. French,
Mu-coe 11. H.Garnctt,
John A. Gilmer,
Daniel W. Gooch,
James II Giaham,
Galusha A. Gtow,
John A. Guiley,
Chapm Hall,
Andiew J. Hamilton,
J. Motrison Hams,
John T. II.uiis,
John B. Ila.skin,
Robe it Ilattou,
William Helmick,
Chailes B. Hoaid,
Wiliiain S. Iloltmin,
William Uowaid,
William A. Howard,
Geoiffe W lluiihes,
Jame- Ilumplney,
John Uutehnis,
William Itvme,
Albett G. Jenkins,
Bcnj'imin F. Jnukitu
Fiaucis W. Ke
Mi. William S. ICcnyon,
John XV Killinger,
Chailes II. Lanabee,
Shclton F. Leake,
M. Lindlc) Lee,
Oweri Lovejoy,
William B. Maelay,
Robeit iMalloiy,
Cilman Marion,
Elbei t S. Martin,
Iloiaee Mavnaid,
John A. McOieuiand,
James H. MeKean,
Jacob K. McKenty,
KobeitMeKniglit,
Edwaid McPherson,
John S. .Milton,
William Millwaid,
William Moiugoimny,
Lalian T Mouie,
James K. Mooihead,
Justin S. Moitill,
Edwaid Joy Mouip,
haae X Mom is,
Fieemau II. Moise,
Thomas A. U. NlKou,
William E. Niblaek,
John T. Nixon,
Jolin W. Noell,
Geot<ro W. Palmer,
John J. Peiry,
John U.Pettit,
Samuel O Peyton,
John S Phelp-J,
Albeit G Potter,
John F. Pottei,
Emory B. Pottle,
Rogei A. Pivoi,
James M. Quatles,
John II. lte\ uolds,
Alexander II. Rice,
Jetur II. Ivisgs,
Clnistopher Robinson,
Homer E. Itoyee,
Geoige W. Scianton,
Chailes B Sedgwick,
John Sheiman,
Daniel E. Sickles.
William N. H. Smith,
Ellnulge G. Sjiaulding,
Fianeis Spinnei,
B< niatnin Stanton,
John W. Stevenson,
William Stewait,
William B. Stokes,
Lansing Stout,
John L. N. Stiatton,
M.iion W. Tappan,
Eli Thayer,
Thomas C. Theaker,
James n. Thomas,
Cydnoi B. Tompkins,
C'hailes I?. Tiam,
Caiey A. Tumble,
C L. Valland.gham,
Zehulon B. Vance,
William Vandevei,
Chailes II. Van Wjck,
John P. Ven en,
Edwaid Wade,
Hemy WahUon,
E. P. Walton,
C. C. Washburn,
EUhu B. Washburne,
Edwin 11. Wcbatei,
Alhed Well®.
William G Whiteley,
James Wilson,
William Wmdom,
Warien Window.
Samuel H. Woodson.
"So the said u'&oiutions, as amended, weie unanimously j
agteed to.**
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Speaker, it will be seen !
that that resolution takes the gtoand that Con- (
gress has no power to legislate upon or to inter-
fete with the subject of slavery. Mark that!—
no power to legislate upon or to interfere with the
subject of slavery in a State. That passed by a
unanimous vote, on the lltli day of February last.
It said to the whole Union, and to the world, by
the voice of every man then present, that Congress
had no power to legislate upon or to interfere with
the institution of slavery in a State.
I want gentlemen to observe the dates. I come
now to the 22d of July, 1861. On that day a res-
olution was introduced by my venerable colleague,
[Mr. Crittenden,] which was in these words:
" Repaired by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That the piesent deploiable civil war
ha> Hoeii lotced upon the country by the disuniomsts of the
southern States, now in revolt against the constitutional
Government, and in aims mound the capital. That in this
national emeigency, Congie^, banishing all feelings of
mere pastion oi resentment, will lecollect orily its duly to
the whole countij. That thi* wai i^- not waged on their
part in any spn it of oppression, noi foi any purpose of con-
queatoi subjugation, nor put pose of ovei throwing or inter-
teiingwith thu ughts oi established institutions of those
States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution, and to pie«eive the Union with all the dig-
nity, equality, and rights of the seveial Stales unimpaned ;
and ihat as -soon as these objects arc accomplished the war
ought to cease."
It is impossible forany ingenuity to torture this
resolution so a.s to make it speak but one language.
It tells us fust what the war is not for; and sec-
ondly what xl is for. The war is not for the pur-
pose of overthrowing or interfering with slavery;
and affirmatively the war is for the purpose of
maintaining and preserving the Union and all of
the rights of the several States unimpaired—sla-
very included. We are told that this is not to be
a war upon slavery at all, but for the purpose of
preserving the Union and the Constitution; that
it is for the purpose of preserving the Govern-
ment and every right leeognized and sanctioned |
by the Constitution. What was the vote on this !
resolution of the 22d of July ? If my recollection j
scives me, every man in this House voted for it
save two—one from Missouu, [Mr. lie id,] and !
the other from Kentucky, [Mr. Hurnett,] and for j
that, and many other sins committed by them, ;
these two gentlemen have both been expelled from !
this body, and very properly, I think. So much, j
then, for what Congress has said. So much for .
the pledges given over and over again that sla- j
very should not be interfered with—and that Con- j
gress hod no constitutional power to legislate on !
the subject.
Mr. 'Speaker, i next call the attention of the
House to some extracts from a speech of Hon.
Caleb B. Smith, Secretary of the Intenor, deliv-
ered August 1G, 1861,at Pi ovidence, Rhode Island, j
It was a most patriotic speech. He said: j
"The theory of tins Government is, that the States ate j
sovereign within their propel sphere. The Government of i
the United States has no more light to niteifeie will) the in- |
stitution ofa-laverj in South Caiolina than it has to mtei feio [
with the peeuliai institutions of Rhode J.sland But, inv (
(aends, during the last siimmei, when the gieat political |
contest was lairing tlnoughout l'ie |and,</ic?i it was thai do- '
Miming and ih^honc^l men, lot tbA pin po-<  of accomplishing .
their own selfish scii<«>.n>s, appealed to ihe picpiduvs ()f the
southern people, denouncingiho?e who -uppoi ted Mi. Jan• 1
coin as uhohttoaUt-i, men who would dis,c^ard the c07J-
•itituhonch iglits ot the South, and tiunsceiul the poweisot
the Government. Excited by means of these iniquitous ap-
peals, thov ueie ready to take up aims io pi event the i ima-
gination of that President whom a majority of the p-'Ople
had declared to be the man of their choice. My mends, 1 ,
have known the Piesident long and w< I!. It has been my
lot tune to he selected a^oneoflu^ constitutional ad\ wrs. !
I have had the honor of being connected with this Admin-
isti ation since it< commencement; and I tell you to-ni«ht
that youcannot find in South Carolinaa man moie anxious,
? e.'iziowily and si rupuhush/, to observe all ihe features of the
Constitution relating to slavery than .'lhrakam Lincoln. My :
fuends, we make ?io war upon «outhetu institutions. We
■> ci,o«ni~c the r ight oi South Caiolina and Geoigia to hold
s'aves if they desire them
That speech, 1 repeat, was delivered on the IGth
day of August, J8G1; and immediately preceding ,
it, on the 8th day of August, an oider was issued
by the Secretary of Wai, General Cameron, to ;
General Butler, as follows:
ft is the de-he ot* the Piesident that all existing lichts
in all the States be fully respected and maintained. Tne ■;
•war now pto-eeitn d on the part of the Pedt-'ial Goveinm«'nt j
is a war to: the Union, and lor the ptoseivaU'm of all eon- J
stitnnoiml nghrs of States, and the citizens of the State.-, in
the Union."
That order was issued to Major General Butler J
by the Societal y of War, with the sanction of the ,j
President. I ask you, then, whether the President j
is not himself pledged to this policy? He per- 'j
milted himself fo he pledged by Secretary Smith, |j
and he was pledged by sanctioning the order of !i
the Secretary of War which I have read. In his
inaugural address, and in his message to Congress
at its extra session, every man will recollect that
he took conservative ground. The ground taken
was, that war was to be resorted to only for the
purpose of maintaining the Union and preserving
the rights of the respective States. He tells us in
his message to the present Congress—after his
inaugural address, after his conservative message
at the last session, after the patriotic speech of
Secretary Smith, in which he said that the Pres-
ident would respect the rights of slavery and pro-
tect it under the Government and the Constitution
as much as any man in South Carolina—after all
this, he declares in his late message at the present
session of Congress that nothing has occurred "to
add to or subtract from the policy heretofore rec-
ommended." I ask, then, sir, whether the Pres-
ident docs not stand pledged before the country
and the world to this conservative policy? It is
plain that Congress and that this Administration
all stand pledged in the most solemn manner to
the people of this country to follow this line, of
policy, and not depart from it.
It follows, then, that Congress and the Pres-
ident being pledged to thus conservative policy,
he cannot now, nor can Congress, swerve from
it without a palpable and plain violation of the
plighted faith of both. To sanction thepolicy pro-
posed by these resolutions would be to turn the
war away from its legitimate purpose, and indeed
fo turn the bayonets of our soldiers against the
institution of slavery. It would not only be a de-
parture from the policy heretofore indicated, but
would in fact be a betrayal of the loyal States
who have been induced with such great unanimity
to vote men and money to carry on this war for
the defense of the Government. Why, sir, com-
mon honesty would demand, if I induce a man
to engage in any enterprise on stipulated condi-
tions, that 1 should stand by him and adhere to
my agreement. Let me put ihe case to the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] who
introduced these resolutions. I take the ground
that this war should have nothing to do with the
institution of slavery any more than with any
other State institution. Let slavery alone, it will
take care of itself. Let me argue with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who moved these res-
olutions. The Piesident and the Secretaries and
Congress, by their action, have induced us with
great unanimity to raise a very large army. Some
six hundred thousand men have been brought into
the field. Large amounts of money have been
voted and expended. Direct taxes have been im-
posed even upon the necessaries of life. All this
has been done to sustain, defend, and preserve the
Constitution and Government of our fathers.
But after our troops are in the field, and have
their armor on, suppose I come up from Kentucky
and propose to divert the war from its legiti-
mate objects by urging that the regiments from
Massachusetts should be employed part of their
time ni capturing and returning runaway slaves3
Would not the Representatives from that State use
up and denounce such a proposition with the
deepest indignation ? What, then, is it you pro-
poser If it would be bad faith and a fraud upon
your troops to employ them in capturing and
returning fugitive slaves, I ask whether it would
not be far more fraudulent,and in bad faith to the
loyal men of Kentucky who have girded on their
swords and gone out to fight for tne Union, to tell
them that from this time forth they shall be
engaged in making war upon the institution of
slavery—a war for the destruction of their own
propel ty, and leading on to all the bloody hoirors
of servile insurrection ?
Sir, let me illustiate a little further, to show
how destructive this policy is, and how strange it
is that a man should be so far misguided as to
permit himself to be influenced by it. We all
know that a man's honest convictions of right, the
burning zeal which In; fee's within him when he
is engaged in this abolition war, or war of eman-
cipation, is no evidence whatever that he is right.
I remember that Paul himself was never moie
zealous than when he was breathingout thu'aten-
ings and death; when he was persecuting, wast-
ing, and destroying the churches of God; and he
was doing all that in the name of religion, and
"verily thought he was doing God's service."
