1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2500
or excessive valuations or enumerations by the assistant
assessor. And it shall be the duty of the assessor in each
assessment district, at the time fixed for healing such ap-
peals as aforesaid, to submit the proceedings of the assistant
assessor and the ii«t by him received or taken as aforesaid
to the inspection of any and all persons who shall apply for
that pui pose; and the Said assessor is hereby authoi ized to
receive, hear, and determine, in a summary way, accord-
ing to law and right, upon any and all appeals which may
be exhibited again>t the proceedings of the said assistant
assessors," and inheu thereof insert, t£the assessois for
each collection district shall, by advertisement in some pub-
lic newspaper published in each county within said district,
if any such there be, and by written or printed notifications,
to be posted up in at least four public places Within each
assessment district, advertise all persons concerned of the
time and place within said county when and where the
lists, valuations, and enumerations made and taken within
said county may be examined; and «.aid lists shall remain
open for examination for the space of fifteen days after no-
tice shall have been given as afore>aid. And said notifica-
tions shall also state when and where within said county,
after the expiration of said fifteen days, appeals will be re-
ceived and determined relative to any cironeous or exces-
sive valuations or enumerations by the as&iciant assessors.
And it shall be the duty ot the assessor for each collection
district, at the time fixed for hearing such appeal as afore-
said, to submit the pioceedings ot the assistant assessors,
and the lists taken and returned as aforesaid, to the inspec-
tion of any and all persons who may apply for that purpose.
And the said assessor for cach collection district is hereby
authorized, at any time withm fifteen days from and after
the cxpnation of the time allowed for notification as afore-
said, to hear and deteimme, in a summary way,according
to law and right, upon any and all appeals which may be
exhibited against the proceedings ot the said assistant
assessors."
Mr. HARRIS. The first word, " assessors,"
in that amendment should be in the singular
number.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That verbal amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
On page 17, section sixteen, line twenty-five, strike out
the final " s," in the word " residesand in lines twenty-
seven and twenty-eight, strike out the woids a or deputy
collectors;'' and m lines Unity-five and thirty-six, stiike
out " to be recoveied m any court having competent juris-
diction."
On page 18, section seventeen, line three, strike out the
word " two," and insert " three;" so as to read, " there
shall be allowed and paid to the seveial assessors and as-
sistant ass>esf.ois, lor their services under this act, to each
assessor three dollars pei day," &c.
On page 18, section seventeen, line six, strike out
" three," and mseitk; five so as to read, " and five dol-
lais per day for every day employed in hearing appeals ;"
and in line twelve, sttike out 11 two" and insert " three
so as to read, " to each assistant assessor three dollars foi
every day actually employ ad in collecting lists and making
valuations."
Mr. HARRIS. I have drawn a substitute for
this section, which I desire to propose at some
proper time. Whether this is the proper time or
not, I do not know.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be an amend-
ment to a pending amendment, now is the time to
offer it, except that, if objected to, it will be passed
over.
Mr. FESSENDEN, The Senator ctin offer a
substitute for the whole section in the Senate after
we get through these amendments. Can he not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. Am I not to present the sub-
stitute now '
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not now.
Mr. HARRIS. It, however, covers the very
point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisamendment,
then, can be passed over for a separate vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's proposi-
tion does not affect these amendments. These
amendments perfect the section; he proposes a
substitute for the section. I suppose that can be
done afterwards.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair under-
stands, the Senator docs not object to the amend-
ments pending* but proposes to offer an entire
substitute for the section, after the amendments
shall have been adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. The substitute will dispose of
the amendments entirely, if it should be adopted.
It relates to the compensation of the assessors.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Suppose the sub-
stitute should not be adopted; does the Senator
then object to the pending amendments?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the pending
amendments will be regarded as adopted, and the
Senator's amendment will be in order after all the
amendments reported by the Committee of the
Whole shall have been acted upon, and not be-
fore.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, as follows:
On page 19, section seventeen, line twenty-six, before
"Territories," mseit "the," and in line twenty-seven,
strike out " ofWashington, Nevada, New Mexico, and Ari-
zona so as to read, " in the States ot California and Ore-
gon and the Territories."
On page 20, section eighteen, line eleven, strike out
" each," and insert " his;" so as to read, " collected inhis
collection district."
Strike out section nineteen, as follows :
Sec. 19. Jind be it further enacted, That each collector,
before receiving any list, as aforesaid, for collection, shall
give an additional bond, if required by the Secretary of
the Treasury, in such sum or sums as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe and judge sufficient, with one or
moiugood and sufficient sureties, to be appiovedby the So-
licitor of the Treasury ; which bond shall he payable to the
United States, with condition foi the true and iaithful dis-
charge of the duties of his office according to law, and par-
ticularly for the due collection and payment of all moneys
assessed upon any person or persons within such district;
and the said bond shall be transmitted to the Solicitor of
the Treasury, and, afterappioval by him, shall bedeposited
m the office of the First Comptroller of the Treasury : Pro-
vided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed
to annul or in anywise to impair the obligation of any bond
theretofoie given by any coliectoi; but the same shall be
and remain in full force and viitue.
Stake out, in section twenty, the words: "Eachof the
said collectors or deputy collectors shall, within ten days
after receiving his collection list from the assessois, respect-
ively, as aforesaid, annually, and whenever he shall be so
requited by tins Commissioner of Internal Revenue, adver-
tise in each county in his collection di&tuct in one news-
paper printed in such county, if any there be, and by noti-
fications to be posted up m at least four public places m
each county in his collection district, that the said duties
and taxes have bccome due and payable, and state the times
and places at which he or they will attend to receive the
same, which shall not be less than ten days after such noti-
fication ; and with respect to peisons who shall not attend
aceoiding to such notification, and such as are liable to
pay duties or taxes at any other time or times, it shall be
the duty of each collector, in pcison or by deputy, to make
a demand petaonaliy, or to apply once at the re.spective
dwellings or usual places of business of such person so neg-
lecting within such district, and there demand the duties or
taxes payable by such persons, which application shall be
made within twenty days after the receipt of the collcction
li>t«i, asa('oiesaid,or after the rccciptof any other additional
li^ts, from time to time, as afoiesaid ; and if the said duties
or taxes shall not be then paid, or within ten days theie-
after," and in lieu thereof mseit: "Each of said collectors
shall, within ten days after receiving his annual collection
list from the assessors, icspectively, as aforesaid, give no-
tice, by published advertisement in each county in his col-
lection district, in one newspaper punted in such county,
if any such there be, and by notifications to be posted up
in at'le.ift foui public places in each county in his collcc-
tion difliict, that the^anl duties have become due and pay-
able, and state the time and place within said county at
which he will attend to receive the same, which time shall
not he less than ten da>s after such notification; and all
persons whoshall neglect to pay the duties and taxes so as
aforesaid assessed upon them to the collector within the
time specified, shall be liable to pay ten per cent, addi-
tional upon the amount thereof, the fact of which liability
shall be stated in the advertisement and notifications afore-
said. And with icgard to all persons who shall neglect to
pay as aforesaid, it shall be thedutyof the collector, in per-
son oi by deputy, within twenty davs after such neglect,to
make a demand personally, or at the dwellings or usual
places of bu^tm^s of such poison*, if any they have, for
payment of t-aid duties or taxes, with the ten per cent, ad-
ditional aforesaid. And with lespect to all such duties or
taxes as are not included in the annua! lists aforesaid, and
all taxes and duties the collection of which is not otherwise
provided for in this act, it shall be the duty of each coliect-
oi, in person oi by deputy, to demand payment theieof, in
manner afoiesaid, within ten days from and after receiving
the list thereof from the a^-e->or; and if the annual and
other duties shall not he paid within ten days from and after
such demand theiefor "
After the word " taxes," in line fifty-five of section twen-
ty, insert, " with ten pel cent, additional thereto, as afore-
said."
On page 23, line seventy-four of section twenty, after the
word {* ten." insert, " not more than twenty ;"so as to read,
" and the tune and place for the sale thereof, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more than twenty days from
the date otsuch notification."
On p.ve 24, line eighty of section twenty,strike out the
wo id " theieof" befoie •' payment." and after " payment"
insert, " of the amount due;" so as to read, " piior to the
sale, payment of the amount due or tender thereof shall be
made."
On page 24, line ninety-two of section twenty, strike out
"one," and inseit " five ;" so as to read, " and a commis-
sion of five per cent, thereon for In* own use."
On pages 24 and 25, in section twenty-one. strike out
" the duties and taxes to he a se-sed m pmsuunce of this
act «hall be a lien upon the propeity subject to the duty or
tax fiom the time ot assessment till fully paid ; and "
On page 2." , fit the end of line uventy-three of section
twentj-one, mseit, " and all pjopcrty so purchased may be
sold by said collector under such regulations a  ma> bepre-
senbed by the Commissioner oi Internal Revenue,''
On page 2o. line twenty-six of section twenty-one, strike
out " the," and mseit •' all;" so as to read, " and the col-
iectoi shall lender a du-tuict account of all charge*, See.
On page 26, line twenty-seven ot section twenty-one,
after the word " in," stnke out " offering and adveitiMiig
foi," and insert "the ;  so a^ to read, "the collector shall
render a distinct account of nil chaiges incurred in the
sale;5? and alter the word "sale," insert of, before
" such property."
After section twenty, page 26 of the bill, insert as a new
section :
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted. That in all cases of
distiaimupon ical estate for the non-payment of duties im-
posed by this act, the officer making such distraint shall
give notice to the person whose estate is proposed to be
distrained, by giving him in hand, or leaving at his last and
usual place of abode, if he has any such within the collec- "
tion district where said estate is situated,anotice in writing
stating what particular estate is proposed to be distrained,
describing the same with reasonable certainty, and the time
when and place where said officer proposes to sell the sauie;
which time shall not be less than ten ormore than twenty
days from the tune ot giving said notice; and the said offi-
cer shall also cause a notification to the same effect to be
published in some newspaper within the county where such
distraint is made, if any such there be, and shall also cause
a like notice to be posted up at the post office nearest to
the place of residence of the person whose estate shall bo
so distrained, and in two other public places within the
county; and the place of said sale shall not be more than
five miles distant from the estate distrained. At the time
and place appointed, the officer making such distraint shall
proceed to soli the said estate at public auction, offering
the same at a minimum puce, including the amount of
duties with the ten per cent, additional thereon, and alt
charges for advertising and an officer's fee of ten dollars.
And if no person offers for said estate the amount of said
minimum, the officer shall declare the same to be purchased
by him for the United States, and shall deposit with the
district attorney of the United States a deed thereof, as
hereinafter specified and provided; otherwise the same
shall bo declared to be sold to t he h ighest bidder. And said
sale may be adjourned by said officer for a period not ex-
ceeding five days, if he shall think it advisable so to do. If
the amount bid shall not be then and theie paid, the officer
shall forthwith procecd to again sell said estate in the same
manner. If the amount bid shall be then and there paid,
the officer shall give his receipt therefor, if requested, and
within five days thereafter he shall make out a deed of the
estate so sold to the purchaser thereof, and execute the
same in his official capacity, in the manner prescribed by
the laws of the State in which said estate may be situated,
in which said deed shall be recited the fact of said dis-
traint, with the cause thereof, the amount of duty for which
said distraint was made, and of all chargcs and fees, and the
amount paid by the purchaser, and all his acts and doings
in relation to said distraint, and shall have the same ready
for delivery to said purchaser, and shall deliver the same
accordingly, upon icquest therefor. Andsaid deed shall be
conclusive evidence of the truth of the facts stated therein,
except m cases where it shall be alleged that the taxes for
which the land was sold had been paid previous to such
sale, in which ease it shall be prima facie evidence only as
to the fact of such payment; and if the proceedings of the
officer, as set forth, have been substantially in pursuance
of the provisions of this act, shall be considered and operate
as a conveyance to the purchaser of the title to said estate,
but shall not affect the lights of third persons acquiied pre-
viously to the claim of the United States under this act.
The surplus, if any, arising from such sale shall be disposed
of as piovided in "this act for like cases arising upon sales
of peisonal property. And any person whose estate may
be distiamed for duties as aforesaid shall have the same
right to pay or tender the amount due, with ail proper
charges thereon, prior to the sale thereof,and thereupon to
relieve his said estate from distraint and sale as aforesaid,
as is provided in this act lor personal property similarly sit-
uated. And any collector or deputy collector may, for the
collection of duties imposed upon any person by this act,
and committed to him for collection, distrain the lands or
such pcison situated in any other collection district within
the State m which said officer resides; and his proceedings
m relation thereto shall have the same effect as if the same*
were had in his proper collection district.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend this amend-
ment by striking out the word "conclusive," in
line forty-seven, and inserting " prima facie;*' and
also by striking out the following words, in lines
forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty, fifty-one, and fifiy-
two: "except in eases whore it shall be alleged
that the taxes for which the land was sold had
been paid previous to such sale, in which case it
shall be prima facie evidence onlyas to the factot
such payment;"so that the clause will read: "and
said deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth
of the facts stated therein." It seems to me that
the provision, as it is now found in this amend-
ment, is entirely too stringent. The law will au-
thorize the proper officer, upon the non-payment
of taxes, to issue a distress warrant for the pur-
pose of seizing the goods, chattels, and effects,
and also the lands and tenements, of the person
who is claimed to owe the taxes to the Grovern-
ment; and the officer is required by this amend-
ment to give a certain notice to the owner of the
land, a notice of five or ten days, at his place of
residence; and that, I believe, is all the noticc—
all the warning which is contemplated by this bill
to be given to the owner of the property which is
thus to be levied upon by a distress warrant. The
owner of the property which may be sold under
such a distress warrant, under thisamendmentas
it stands, will be without any remedy whatever,
provided the officer making the sale has made out
and delivered a formal deed of the property, the
amendment declaring tiiat that deed shall operate
as a conveyance of the title of the party to tho
purchaser, or to the Government of the United
