1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
taries at Cincinnati 01 Baltimore, shall receive in exchange
therefor duplicate certificates of deposit, one of winch may
be tiansmitted to the Secietaiy of the Treasmy, who shall
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount of bonds of
the United States, coupon or registeied, asmay by the said
holder be desired, bearing interest at the i ate of six per cent,
per annum, and redeemable at the pleasure of the United
States aftei twenty yeais from the date theieof; any holder
of said notes, being a citizen or subjectand resident of any
foreign country, depositing, as aforesaid, any bum therein,
not less than §2,500, If he demand it, shall receive similar
bonds at the above-named rate of interest, the principal and
interest of which shall be expressed in tlie currency ol any
foieign country and payable tliere. And said United States
Tipn^ury notes shall be received the same as coin, at their
par value, in the sale or negotiation of any bonds that may
be hereafter sold or negotiated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to any person being a citizen and resident of the Uni
ted States, and may be reissued fiom tune to time, as the
exigencies of the j^jiblic interest shall inquire.
Sec. 2. Jlml be it further enuclcd, That the form of sard
Tn'fisuiy note*? shall be as follows: a The United States
will receive this Treasury note in payment of all taxes, du
ties, impoj-ts, excises, debts, and demands of every kind
due to the United States, to the value of five dollars," or
whatevei sum or denomination may be expressed theieon,
as hereinbefoie piovided foi.
Al«o, strike out of section two of the printed bill the fol-
lowing words in line twenty-throe : " for lawful money of
the United States;" so that it will read:
And the Secretaiyof the Treasury may also exchange
such bonds al anytime foi any of the Tieasuiy notes that
have been or may heieaftcr be issued undei any ioimer act
of Congress, oi that may be issued under the piovisions of
this act.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Task thattheamend-
ment may be printed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that the Committee of the Whole has no authority
to make such an order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. When the commit-
tee rise I will make the motion in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will give
way I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Before that is
done I ask the gentleman from Ohio to yield to
me for the purpose of making an inquiry.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM'; Certainly.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I wish to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means how soon the debate on this bill will be
closed ?
Mr. STEVENS. If I am allowed to answer
that question, I will say that the committee have
fixed no time; but that it is the determination of
the committee to allow ample time for its full dis-
cussion and consideration. Without specifying
any particular time, we will probably be governed
a good deal by the number of gentlemen who de-
sire to speak. Being a new measure, we thought
it right to give ample time for those having a deep
interest in it—ample time to express then senti-
ments.
While I am up,I will follow an example which
has been set me, and give notice of an amendment
which I shall oiler to the bill. It is to make the
semi-annual interest payable in coin. I shall
make it when we reach the proper time and
place.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is included
in the amendment I propose.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; but my amendment is
to the original bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not desiie to
speak upon the bill at this stage of the debate, and
therefore I will cheerfully yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Penoleton,] who proposes to discuss the
constitutional question of legal tender.
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. STEVENS, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose-^and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union geneially under consideiation, and partic-
ulaily the bill (IX R. No. 240) to authorize the
issue of United States notes, and for thp ledemp-
tion or funding thereof, and for funding the float-
ing debt of the United States, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to introduce a bill for the pur-
pose of reference.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
UNIFORM SYSTEM Of BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the special committee on the bank-
rupt law.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now ask that the
amendment I moved in committee a short time
ago be printed.
The leave to print was granted.
DISLOYAL CLERKS.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, made a
report from the select committee on the disloyalty
of Government employes; which was ordered to
be printed, and the consideration thereof post-
poned until two weeks from to-day.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for
the relief of William Y. Strong; when the Speaker
signed the same.
POSTPONEMENT OF SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the special order
be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Loyej0y in the chair,) and resumed, the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 208) making appro-
priations forthe legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1863, and additional appropriations
for the year ending 30th of June, 1862; the pend-
ing question being the amendment offered by Mr.
F. A. Conkling, to strike out of line three hun-
dred and seventy-three the word " six," and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word " three/5 in the clause
making appropriations for packing and distrib-
uting congressional journals and documents.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by increasing the amount by the sum
of one dollar; and I do it for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means to the language of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from New York is out of order. IJe pro-
poses a modification of his own amendment, and
would not be entitled to speak upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Chan-man, in
moving the amendment of this paragraph by strik-
ing out "six," and inserting "three," I stated
that $3,000 was the sum appropriated last year for
the same purpose; and, in reply to my remarks,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means remarked that he understood this appro-
priation to be for the period of two years instead of
one. Now, sir, there can be no question and no
difference of opinion upon that point. It seems
to me that the language of the enacting clause of
the bill is conclusive.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I did not intend to say two years, but
two sessions.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that this appropriation is
for the year commencing on the 1st day of July
next, and terminating on the 30th of the following
June. Certainly? sir, no two sessions can occur
during that period, unless we have an extra ses-
sion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. F. A. Cock-
ling 's amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert, after line
four hundred and seventeen, the following:
For compensation of the suiveyor general of UhnoK and
JMi^ouii, £*2,000.
This item was m the original bill as reported,
but was omitted in the printing.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
that is the usual appropriation ? 1 find no such
appropriation in the bill of the last Congress. I
do not know what the surveyor general of the
State of Illinois can have to do at this time, nor
the surveyor general of Missouri either.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will state that this is the usual
salary of this officer. It is the salary which has
been fixed by law for the surveyor general of Illi-
nois and Missouri. It is very true that all the
lands in Illinois have been surveyed and sold, and
there is no further use for a surveyor general in
that State; but the office remains, and the officer
still exists, with the title which was given him at
the time when he was employed as surveyor gen-
eral of Illinois and Missouri. The lands in Mis-
souri have not all been surveyed and sold, nor
have the titles acquired from France under the
treaties been all disposed of. The office is still
open, the officer exists, and his salary is fixed by
law at $2,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether there are really any further duties
to be performed by this officer in the State of Mis-
souri, and whether the duties in connection with
these old Spanish and French grants are not dis-
posed of in a different way?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. NotatalKsir. The
surveyor general is the officer charged with sur-
veying all the old Spanish and French grants; he
is especially charged by law with that duty; and
the Congress of the United States a few years ago
passed an act to give these claimants five years
more in which to prove up their claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire further
whether the law, by its own limitation, had not
provided for the extinguishment of the office en-
tirely; and if it was not necessary to introduce a
bill during the present session of Congress for
the purpose of perpetuating the office? I would
inquire also whether any appropriation was made
for this officer during the last year of Mr. Buch-
anan's administration?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. My impression is
that the appropriation was made last year—indeed
I know the fact that it was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have the appropriation bill
in my hand, and I find no such appropriation
in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGIX I move to strike out
the clause: " For compensation of the surveyor
general of Utah, $4,000." 1 wish to state that
all the lands in thatTerritoiy that are worth any-
thing have already been surveyed. The lands
which have been surveyed during the last two
years within the Territory of Utah will not pay
for the compensation of the officer. There is a
narrow strip of fertile or productive land north of
Salt Lake City that is of value, and, so far as
my knowledge extends, it has all been surveyed.
Already the surveyors have been compelled to go
out and survey lands that never can be occupied,
and in a country which did not even furnish them
with supplies while they were making the sur-
veys.
I believe, sir, that it is proper to stop this kind
of surveying and these drafts upon the Treasury,
especially at this time. I may say further, that
the system of surveys devised by the Department
here, under which surveys are made in all that
mountainous country, is a system only calculated
to deplete the Treasury withoutaffording any ben-
efit to the country at large, or to that section of it.
I might refer to the surveys that are now being
made in the Territory of Nevada. The quantity
of fertile and productive lands there is very lim-
ited. There is scarcely any place within thatTer-
ntory where there is an entire section of product-
ive lands in a body, while there arc thousands and
thousands of acres of unproductive lands—desert
and alkali flats—now being surveyed by the Gov-
ernment that never will pay for the cost of sur-
veying them. I believe the lands in thatTerritoiy
ought to be surveyed. Our people desire that they
shall be brought into market, and desnc to pur-
chase them even at this time; but they never can
be sold under the system of surveys devised by
the Department here, and under which they are
squandering, as I conceive, the public money. A
new system of surveying the lands in these Ter-
ritories ought to be devised before the work of sur-
veying them is continued. The present system
is entirely wrong, and one unsuited to that coun-
try. I think, therefore, that this appropriation
forthe surveyor general of Uf°h should be stricken
from the bill.
