30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 17,
37th Coug....2d Sess. Emancipation of Slaves in Bebel States—Mr. Harding.
Ho. of Reps.
Bat when the scales fell from his eyes he saw
things in their true light, and he was a different
man. I would that the scalcs might fall from the
eyes of every one. What has this question of
slavery to do with this war? We have no more
right to interfere with slavery in a southern State
than with the common school system, or any other
local institution of a northern State. Suppose I
should arise here and propose a bill to abolish or
radically change the common school system of
Massachusetts, and should urge that dangerous
political heresies weie knight in those schools,
such as the higher law doctiine and various other
wild and extravagant notions, tending to disqual-
ify men for self-government and to array them
against the Constitution of our country, and that
therefore these schools are at war with the spirit
of our free institutions, and must he put down.
Might not th^ gentleman fiom Massachusetts
With great propriety interrogate me thus: "Sir,
have you any property or interest in Massachu-
setts?" 14 None whatever." "Were you ever
there?" "Never." "Do you desire to go there?"
" Not at all; I am satisfied to hve m Kentucky."
" Do you ever expect to he in Massachusetts?"
"No." " Why then concern youiself about our
local institutions?" " Ah, but you forget, 1 am
engaged in ' a philanthropic line vj business;1 that is
all." [Laughter.] " Well, sir, perhaps you had
better turn your attention to Kentucky. 1 have
known men to show much good sense and acquire
fine fortunes by simply attending to their own
business; but no man ever manifested the one or
secured the other by intermeddling with and giving
his time to matters which no way concerned him.
All that ever was accomplished in that way lias
been to annoy otheis and benefit nobody. " How
would I respond to that aigument of my friend?
i think I should "give it up," and immediately
move to lay the bill upon the table.
Now, that is exactly a parallel case with this.
It is manifest that the Constitution of the United
States secures to each State the right to have or
not have the institution of slavery—just as essen-
tially so as.it does the right to regulate your own
common school system. We have no more right
to make war upon the institution ofslaveiy than
upon any other local institution. The Constitu-
tion secures to each State the right of regulating
its own domestic institutions; and it must neces-
sarily protect slavery, as certainly as it protects
your own common school system. Our wisest
men, the i'resideutot' the United States, the heads
of Departments, and (longress, having with united
voice declared that we have no constitutional
power upon the subject, how ate you to escape
from the diilicul t y ? This is a seiious question.
I was amused the other day by a speech, made
by a distinguished gentleman in tin- other end of
the Capitol, with a copy of which in- favored me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
gentleman fiom Kentucky is not in order in 10-
fernug to any gentleman in the other branch of
Congress.
Air. HARDING, 1 will not refer to the gen-
tleman by name-, but it becomes necessary lbr me
to refer to his argument, upon this subject. I call
upon all gentlemen lo pause and reflect upon tins
subject. It slt.mge thai all the eifoi Is to escape
from the palpable provisions of the Constitution
are of a similar eharacter. That gentleman—of
distinguished ability—went on !o aigue that Con-
gress had the power to confiscate the properly of
rebels in the southern States, which, I think, was
sonud. Hut having established that proposition
to his own satisfaction, and made ltUear, he said
" it was efju.illy clear that Congress had the powei
to emancipate the slaves of rebels, because it n as
pioperiy that they (the rebels) profess to hold
them." Look at (hat argument. You who rely
on it say that you have only the light to confis-
cate the properly of i ebels: but you say sla\ es are
not propetty: theiclore, according to your own
logi'-, you cannot confiscate them.'
I3uf I say the light to confiscate property or
slaves does not muiiw the right to emancipate
slaves, because emancipation and confiscation aie
two very distinct things — and that distinction
seems to have pressed upon that gentleman's mind
throughout his whole argument, i t evidently an-
noyed him, and .seemed to start up at his back
likea specter,and would not down at his bidding.
You do not propose to confiscate slaves at all, but
you propose to emancipate them. That is not
confiscation. To confiscate property is to seize
and apply it to the public use. You do not pro-
pose to do that. You propose to destroy the title
of the master, but not to confiscate or seize the
property in aid of the public treasury. Under
the idea of confiscation, would any man here for
a moment advocate the policy of shooting and
killing all the hoises, cattle, and stock of rebels,
burning up and consuming their barns and dwell-
ing houses, carrying desolation and ruin through
the country, until the whole southern land was
blighted and blasted, as if smitten by the light-
nings of heaven? No gentleman would defend
such cruel and savage barbarity. You can con-
fiscate slaves just as you confiscate horses, treat-
ing them as property, and converting them to
public use. But 1 deny that you can emanci-
pate slaves under the idea of confiscation, or that
you can turn loose four or five millions of slaves
upon the southern people to annoy them, any
more than you can kill and destroy other property,
burn up and consume houses, and spread desola-
tion over the whole land. How then can we
emancipate slaves without a palpable violation of
the Constitution and the oaths we have taken to
support it?
The speech of my friend from Kansas, [Mr.
Conway,] in some respects a very able one, pre-
sents a greater variety suited to every political
appetite than any other speech I ever heard, and
it reminded me of the vision of " the sheet knit
together at the four corners, containing all man-
ner of four-footed beasts of the earth, and wild
beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air,"
so that a man could rise, slay, and eat venison,
fowl, fish, anything his appetite might desire. I
intend, therefore, to appropriate so much of it as
answers my purpose in this discussion. How
does the gentleman propose to escape the consti-
tutional prohibitions on this subject? Let me read
an extract or two from that speech. He says:
u But nothing which may he said oi done will ho suffi-
cient lor the riwieeney while the (Joveinment imposes
upon it-u:ll the j (-.poi)5>il)ihti(*? of the l:nion with i cganl to
ihr lebclhous States. Till1-' pt inciple miht he lopudiatod ;
or it is obvious that wo aie tied hand and loot. Under our
roiistuutioua) *y>tem the individual States arc authorized
to eontiol theii domestic institutions (including sdaveiy) m
thou own way. This is the simple tiuth, and cannot be
lirnoied or railwayed. It is follv to look for emancipation
by the nation m oontinvemtou of the sj^tem thiou h which
the nation lives and acts. The miniatois of iho Government
ate hound bv the Constitution in the di-eluugo of their du-
ties. Any action oi then-, uan^cendinu tin--limitation i.s
levolntinnaiy and ciimnirtl, and iriound loi impeachment
;md punishment .Men ^wom to the poifbimaueo of duly
accoidiiiii to a eeitain lonnula aie mete instalment-', and
nghliully po-.-e-,*, no volition of their own.*'
I subscribe to all that. It is sound.
^ As to "ivimj freedom to live million fdave^on the prin-
■ oiplo oi a nnhiaiy necessity to suppress insuirection, it is
I an idle dream."'
j 1 agree to the dream also,
I '■ Slaveiy cannot be abolished in a State by act of Con-
j mess. The flung it
I Very well; that is right. Now, as the gontle-
j man says, he and all other men are tied hand and
1 foot by the Constitution, and it is impossible to
| escape from it, and Congress has nopowcr under
j the Constitution to emancipate slaves.
\ _ I supposed he was going to come out with some
j violent mode of hi caking the bonds that bind
I him; but instead of that, he proposes to get out of
j it by a process that is perfectly gentle and harm-
| less. How is that ? Why he tells us that—
, the human mind ha« out£iown that supoir-fitious iev-
: 1'ienet: km Government oJ an> kind which makes lebellion
; a crane per w.!'
That is his method of getting rid of the bonds
| of the Constitution. The Constitution must be
lepudiated because the human mind has outgrown
that superstitions reverence for Government of any i
kind, fcir, 1 would rather remain a dwarf all my I
life than have that wonderful development of out- j
; growing the Constitution of my country, and the !
. oath taken to support it. If it be superstition to 1
: venerate this Constitution of the fathers, then I
acknowledge myself most superstitious. 1 know
of no highei crime, save that of rebellion against
' l S^vornnient of Heaven, than to rebel against
this (-Tovernment of our fathers. °
But the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ii.i,iot,j ill these very resolutions, says in sub-
stance that " we disclaim all constitutional power
to interfere with slavery." How then, I inquire,
are we to emancipate slaves? Why he says—and
it is about as strange as anything 1 have heard
yet—that " the recognized authority of the maxim
that the safety of the State is the highestlaw, sub-
ordinates rights of property, and dominates over
civil relations." Now, from this fearful subor-
dination, from this monstrous domination, I pray
that this Government may be delivered. Why,
sir,is that the higher law? Where did that maxim
come from \ Who recognized the authority of that
maxim which subordinates and dominates over the
Constitution, and over the oaths we have taken to
support it? Who recognized the authority of this
higher law? I know no higher law to control my
duty as a Christian than the Bible. And I know
of no higher law to control my action in govern-
mental matters than the Constitution of my coun-
try; and a departure from the one is no more ex-
cusable than a departure from the other. The man
who proposes to depart from a plain provision of
the Constitution is, in a certain sense, a trans-
gressor of the whole. We are told that he who
violates one plain command of the moral law is a
transgressorof the whole; so he who would violate
one plain provision of the Constitution is, in the
same sense, a transgressor against the whole.
He shows his disloyalty to his Maker if he is
willing to violate one provision of the divine law.
and demonstrates that he is making war against
the government of Heaven; and so, if he violates
the Constitution of our country willfully and know-
ingly, he is making war against this Government.
This is higher law—a law higher than the Bible;
higher than the Constitution; higher than the oath
to support it. There is no proposition more
monstrous than this; none fraught with greater
evil. Why, sir, what is it but revolution to at-
tempt to legislate with reference to any higher law
than the Constitution of the country ? What but
rebellion against the government of Heaven to
attempt to regulate religion and morality by a
higher law than the Bible? Where did this law
come from? Why, sir, itmade its appearance at
the time the Mormon bible came up: it seemed to
rise with it, as if then resurrected; but not so, it
has been in the world a longtime; and it is upon
this principle of a higher law which subordinates
government and " dominates over civil relations
thatfiercc mobs have armed themselves and madly
lushed on to bloodshed and riot, to the breaking
open of prisons, and to thedestruction of human life
withoutevidence or trial. This is mob law. This
is higher law ! Why, sir, it was the spirit of this
same higher law that put forth its sacrilegious
hand and plucked
uThat foibiddnn fiuit
n hose moital taste brought death into the world
And all our woes."
Sir, it was this higher law spirit which " domi-
nated" over Franco in that fearful reign of terror,
and made her streets run with blood. It is the
ravings of that impious spiut in the North which
declares the Constitution, framed by our patnotic
ancestors, to bo "a league with death and a cove-
nant with hcil. " It is the spirit that moved the
abolition disumonists in the North to gather up
and furnish the fuel with which the fiery seces-
sionists in the South have lighted tin that fearful
and burning conflagration, which is now consum-
ing and desolating the whole land m its wild and
spreading flame. It is the spirit deteimined " to
rule or ruin''—its motto is, " better reign in hell
than serve ill heaven." It is this higher-law
spirit that lately took possession of the once calm
and conservative John Cochrane, changing his
whole character—making him as fierce and wild
as the man who d welt among the tombs, and could
not be chained or confined—and causing him to
cry out in wild fury: •' Plunge the whole southern
people, black and ichite, into ft sea of indiscriminate
carnage and blood!" Sir, it is the spirit which
has hitherto worked, and now works, in the
children of disobedience."
But, Sir, a war upon the institution of slavery
would be not only unconstitutional and revolu-
tionary ;notonly a criminal violation ofthe plighted
taith of Congress and of the Administration, but
utterly at war with every principle of sound pol-
icy. Who ever lives to see that fearful and mad
policy inaugurated, will see the sun of American
