THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
States; and the amendment does not allow the
owner of the property a single day for the redemp-
tion of it after the sale. The whole thing is re-
Quired to be concluded by the proper officer of the
Government within a very short time, and the
owner will have no remedy whatever, either at
law or in equity, under this amendment, because
if the evidence of the deed itself be conclusive
upon him, he is barred and foreclosed and pre-
cluded from setting up any right, title, or claim
whatever, either in a court of law or in a court of
equity, for the purpose of recovering his "title.
We all know very well that the rule of evidence
in a court of law is the same as it is in a court of
equity; and we are here establishing a rule of evi-
dence for all cases.
I can very well imagine that cases may arise
where the proper officer has made some great mis-
take in the proceedings which may have been
taken, and I can also imagine cases where an offi-
cer has acted unfairly, dishonestly, and fraudu-
lently in the proceedings which may have been
taken; and I ask Senators is it just and fair to the
owner of property to strip him of it completely
simply by means of a deed which is declared to
be conclusive evidence against his title, while at
the same time it may turn out upon examination
that the levy was irregular and illegal, that the
whole proceedings were irregular and illegal,and,
perhaps, that the owner was not liable to the tax
alleged against him. Is it not better, is it not
fairer, is it not more just, simply to cast the bur-
den of proof upon the owner of the property by
declaring this deed to be prima facie evidence, thus
creating a mere presumption against him, than it
ia to cut him off and foreclose him forever in any
court from asserting any claim to the property in
question ? It gives him no day in court; his only
possible relief must be sought for upon the face
of the deed itself or it is gone forever, as I con-
strue the amendment. He has no opportunity for
redemption after his land shall thus have been
sold. I believe it is universally true that in the
western States there is a very liberal period granted
for the redemption of property which has been
sold for taxes—generally two years,in some eases
one year. I think some time should be allowed
in this case. I do not know what the laws of the
New England States may be in such cases, but I
question very much whether by any statute, even
m the New England States, it is declared that a
sheriff's deed of land sold for taxes shall be held
conclusive evidence against the owner, barring
him forever from asserting his claim. I shall not
undertake to say what the statutes arc upon that
subject; but in the West the contrary system of
legislation is in almost universal use, and I may
say, I think, confidently, that it is in universal
use. This clause may operate with great sever-
ity, and I have no doubt in very many cases it
will operate with thegreatestinjustice,and I there-
fore move to place this officer's deed, a tax deed,
upon the ordinary ground recognized byourstat-
utes, ofprimafacie evidence, simply creating a pre-
sumption against the owner of the propel ty, but
leaving him at liberty to rebut it and overcome it
by evidence aliunde, if he so sees fit.
Mr. HALL. I do not think the Senator will
reach the object of remedying the whole mischief
he complains of by his amendment. I think there
is a good deal in his suggestion, and my opinion
is that the individual whose land is sold ought to
have the privilege of paying the amount of taxes
and all costs, with perhaps twelve percent, inter-,
'est, within a year and get his land back.
Mr. HOWARD. It may be that no taxes were
due. What should be done in such a case ?
Mr. HALE. I take it that the officer's deed
would not be evidence of that. His deed, like an
officer's return, would be only evidence of some-
thing that he did. An officer's return of his doings
upon an execution has nothing to do with the va-
lidity of the judgment or of the execution, but the
judgment may be reversed if there is any error in
it, notwithstanding the officer's proceedings under
the execution. His return is never held to go to
the merits or to the regularity of the judgment or
the proceedings in court, but simply as to what
he has done himself. It seems to me that is a ne-
cessary principle for all judicial proceedings in
New England, m Michigan, and everywhere else.
If you do not hold to that principle, there is no
use 111 having an officer.
Mr. HOWARD. I hat is the law, beyond a
doubt; and it simply proves what the officer has
done; but this amendment goes far beyond that
principle. Itasserts that the deed which contains
a recital of what the officer has done, shall be of
itself conclusive evidence of the truth of the reci-
tals contained in the deed; that is, of having given
the notice and of the other proceedings anterior
to sale; and then it declares that this deed shall
transfer the title from the owner to the purchaser.
In short, the language of the amendment, if I un-
derstand it properly, is such as to close the door
absolutely against the owner of the property, and
to preclude him from ever setting up any claim
whatever as against this deed and the facts alleged
in its recitals. It is quite easy to see that the deed
would thus operate as conclusively against the
party owning the property as a judgment at law
against him would.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only effect of the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan is to
change the deed from conclusive to prima facie evi-
dence. On reflection I have made up my mind not
to object to that change.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am happy to hear it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then,if theSenate think
it important that a time of redemption shall be pro-
vided, I believe the Senator from Wisconsin means
to move an amendment to that effect.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will move an amendment
on the subjectofredemption, which is substantially
the same provision as is contained in the act of
last summer for the redemption of lands sold for
taxes under that act. The provision of the act of
last summer is:
"The owners, their heirs,-cxecutors, or administrators,
or any person in their behalf, shall have liberty to ledcem
tile lands or other property sold, as aforesaid, within two
years from tile time of sale, upon payment'to the cleik
aforesaid for the use of the purchaser, his heirs, or assigns,
of the amount paid by such purchaser for the said land, or
other real property, with interest for the same at the rate of
twenty percent, per annum, and of a commission of five per
cent, oil such payment for the use of the elcrk aforesaid."
And it was also provided that no deed should
be given in pursuance of such sale until the time
of redemption had expired. Inasmuch as this
amendment provides that the deed shall be exe-
cuted upon the sale, I have drawn a section pro-
viding for redemption at any time within two
years from and after the recording of the deed, so
that the purchaser shall put upon record his deed
in the pioper recording office, and then the owner
may redeem at any time within two years after
that upon paying twenty per cent, interest. I send
my proposition to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order. There is already an amendment to an
amendment pending. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan to the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now I move to amend the
section by adding to it:
Provided, That the owners, their heirs, executors, or ad-
minibti atois>, or iiny person on their behalf, shall have liberty
to redeem the lamKsoUl as aforesaid within two years fioin
and after recording the fcaid deed, upon payment to the col-
lector for the use of the puicha^er, ins heiis, or assigns, of
the amount paid by the purchaser, with interest on the same
at the rate of twenty per cent, per annum.
Mr. HALE. I think that time is too long, and
the interest too high; but I shall not occupy time
about it. I think one year is long enough to allow
for redemption. You ought not to hold this thing
up in abeyance for two years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One year is the usual
time, and will be long enough, certamly. I move
to strike out " collector" and insert" purchaser,"
because when the collector makes the deed the
matter passes out of his hands, and the redemp-
tion should be a matter between the parties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will there not be a prac-
tical difficulty if you require the money to be tend-
ered to the purchaser? He may not be found.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You may make a further
provision that if the purchaser or his heirs or as-
signs cannot be found in the State, the money may
be deposited in the registry where the deed is re-
corded.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should be willing to
accept that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The trouble about that is that
the register is nof our officer. The collector is;
he is the trustee of the Government, holding the
Government funds, and all parties would have a
lien upon him and his bond for money paid to him
that might be misappropriated; but the register ia
not our officer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you will have to
go on and make a long string of provisions to
coverall supposable cases, and gentlemen will find
when they begin to work on that, they must leave
something not provided for after all. When the
collector has given the deed and the money goes
into the Treasury, there is an end of the matter
so far as he is concerned, and it is then a matter
between two private individuals. It is enough to
provide that those persons may settle it between
themselves. The Government lias nothing to do
with it.
Mr. GRIMES. But the Government has a per-
manent collector in that particular district; he is
there always as the agent of the Government; he is
the trustee of the Government, holding its funds,
and it seems to me that he is the proper man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You may provide that, in
case the purchaser cannot be found, the money
may be deposited with the collector.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall be satisfied with that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will accept the modifi-
cation. I .put the amendment in this shape:
Prodded, That the owners, .their heirs, executors, or ad-
ministrator, or any person on their behalf, shall have lib-
erty to redeem the lands sold, as aforesaid, within one year
from and after therecardingof the said deed, upon payment
to the purchaser, or, in case he cannot be found in tho
county where the lands are situated, to the collector for tho
use of the purchaser, bis heirs or assigns, of the amount
paid by the putehaser, with interest on the same at the rate
of twenty per cent, per annum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was desirous to have the
word " conclusive" stricken out, so that the deed
should not be conclusive evidence, and deprive a
party unjustly of his title to real estate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBUI,L. I am aware of that; but
I am not desirous of having this amendment so
diluted as not to make it an object for a person to
pay his taxe^. Now, as the deed is only to be
prima facie evidence, there will be a great hazard
in purchasing at these sales. The Government
will find it difficult to obtain bidders unless there
is some inducement. The amount for which the
lands will be sold, as a general thing, will be very
small, and twenty per ccnt. will amount to very
little. On five dollars it will amount to but a
dollar. In my State the law allows redemption
within two years after a tax sale, and requires the
owner, if he redeems, to pay double; and not-
withstanding that, I have known as many as a
thousand tracts of land sold in a single county.
Men will suffer their lands to be sold. I think
you will find that it will be difficult to obtain pur-
chasers. Now, as the deed is only to be prima
facie evidence, I would make the penalty double
the amount. I think that will be none too severe.
I know it is not in order to move an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin; but I should be glad if he would put it in a
form providing that a man who has not paid his
taxes shall, as a penalty, if he does redeem, be
required to pay double the amount for which the
land was sold; and I would not give him more
than a year to do it in. I do not think that would
be any too stringent. That is the law in my State,
and I know that under the law as it is thousands
of tracts of land are sold every year.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the twenty per
cent, is sufficient to induce purchasers to bid, and
the practice I know in my State, and I think it
must be in Illinois, is, that men who have money
attend the tax sales and bid on property, and they
allow time to run on, and whenever the lands are
redeemed they receive back their money with
twenty per cent, interest. It is a pretty good in-
vestment.
Mr. IIALE. There is another part of thi-e
amendment that I want to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, who
has the bill in charge, to. I shall not offer an
amendment, but I think the amendment moved
by the Senator from Michigan goes altogether too
far. I think that the deed should be prima facie
evidence of all the facts therein stated, except
what relate to the doings of the officer himself;
and as to those, it should be conclusive evidence.
That would be analogous to the proceedings in
all other cases; but what good does the return do
if it is onl ypHma facie evidence as to everything?
This is in the nature of a return of the officer.
There is no precept on which he makes his return,
