1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
ible terms under the Constitution of the United
States.   , ,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman s
idea is that in laying a tax as proposed upon the
master we really tax the slave and only the slave.
If that bo so, if a tax on the owner is only another
name for a tax on the property and does not act-
ually rest upon the owner, let me put a question
which must have arisen always when a^property
qualification belonged to the elective franchise.
Suppose, as Dr. Franklin said, the $250 of the
elector was invested in a jackass, upon the theory
of the gentleman of Ohio, that the thing and not
the man that owned it was the subject of the pro-
vision, did the jackass vote or the man that owned
him ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already said a man
is not a dog, nor a thing, nor a piece of property,
but a man. The luminous inquiry of the gentle-
man from New York about the jackass does not
throw much light upon the question whether a
capitation tax imposed by act of Congress upon
persons must not, by the requirement of the Con-
stitution, be apportioned among the States, and
when so apportioned, be assessed upon the taxa-
ble property of the citizens thereof respectively.
As to the gentleman's inquiry, therefore, about
the elector and a property qualification, I will leave
the gentleman to fight that out with the jackass.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I desire tojsay
a few words in reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. In arguing his case that gentleman asked,
" Why not tax the northern men for the laboung
men they employ?" There is no analogy be-
tween the cases, and the supposed analogy is as
offensive as it is false; nearly three fifths of the
first twenty-five years of my life were spent in the
workshop, but 1 was not property. My mother
could not be carried to market by my employer
to be sold, nor was 1 a tiling for the shambles.
The home of the northern laboring man is his
sanctuary. The couch upon which his daughter
sleeps and the resting place of his wife are worth
move than the life of any man who dares invade
them. But it is not so of the slave girl, or the
slave's wife. The apprentice boy of the North
is recognized as an immortal being. Means are
adopted to develop his intellect, train his moral
nature, and fit him for social duties and a sphere
beyond this world. Hut the slave is treated as
property, and your law prohibits the development
of his intellect, his character, or lus manly attri-
butes.
Sir, let n#t the northern laboring man be com-
pared to these creatures of law whom it is felony
to teach to read the word of God. There is, I
say, no analogy between the cases. These men,
women, and children are held as things for the
maiket. They have, it is said, no rights which a
white man is bound to respect. They can no more
receive and retain under the law the wages of
their labor than a horse; and in advertisements
they are enumerated with horses, cows, and other
cattle. Tell mo not that that is the way to speak
of northern laboring men ! Tell nie not that there
is an analogy between the cases! Are slaves prop-
erty, or are they not? Jf they are not, why so
persistently rail and prate about them ? If they
are not, why not let them act under their human
volition; and if they are property, why not tax
them as you are taxing all other property ?
Mr. STEVENS. In order to close debate on
this paragraph, I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported thatthe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, aecoiding to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union geneially,and particulai ly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. [ move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending paragraph of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same,
Mr. MENZ1ES moved to make itfive minutes.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MENZIES moved to make it four minutes;
and demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Steele of
New York, and Chamberlin, were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion, and
now move that the House go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On a division there were—ayes 24, noes 58.
Mr. EDWARDS demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph be closed in three
minutes after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cole ax
in the chair,) and iesumed,as a special order, the
consideiation of the bill (II. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The question being on Mr. Bingham's amend-
ment to the amendment, the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to reduce the tax to
$1 50. With the permission of the committee, I
should like to say a few words in reply to what has
fallen from the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
understand that heiesidcs in the city of Philadel-
phia. I should have supposed from his excitabil-
ity that he was born and reared in the same region
as Keitt, Pryor, Wigfall, and men of that class.
[Laughter.] Appreciative gentlemen from the
North sitting near me, and strongly opposed to
slavery, heard my speech, and they saw nothing
offensive m it. They may have thought my po-
sition untenable, but no gentleman thought my
remarks were offensive to the people of the North.
Now, sir, what was it? I wish to recapitulate
it, for the purpose of showing that no fair-minded
man had the n^htto take offense at that remark.
I did not desire to be offensive to the people of the
North. I intended to speak of them with justice
and as a gentleman should speak of them. I was
arguing that this tax upon slaves,though eouchcd
111 indiit-ct language, was a direct tax to that ex-
tent; and would make the bill more onerous to
the people I represent than it will be to the people
of the non-slaveholdmg States, and that it would
be equally as unjust to impose a sinnlartax upon
men in the North who hired laboreis as it would
be upon men in the South who owned slaves.
Who is oOVndcd now5 What gentleman ot the
North is offi-ndi'd with that remark except this
member from Philadelphia?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MENZIES. I have but a little more to
&'lThe CHAIRMAN
of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to oppose the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order, even by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That was not the un-
derstanding of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. That was the order of the
House.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I certainly voted under
a misunderstanding. 1 had afew remarks I desired
to make.
Mr. MENZIES. I withdraw the amendment.
The question lecurring on the adoption of the
amendment offered by Mr. Blair., of Missouri,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed M r. I!lair of Missouri, and Mr Calvf.rt.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to offer an amendment to the
eighty-second section of the bill.
The amendment was read for information as
follows:
Strike out the last clause of the section, ai follows : _
And for and in respect of every insiuance upon any me
Debate is closed by order
or lives which shall be made, renewed, or continued, or
which shall be indorsed upon any open policy by any life
insurance company^ or it* assents, or by any association,
or individual, af'tei' this act shall take effect, a duty of ten
cents upon each and cvciy$l00, insured for one year, and
at and alter that rate ior any fractional pan oj $100, and for
each and cvojy year, and fiactional part of one year, for
which tbe insurance shall be made, lenewed, or continued,
or mdoised upon any open policy.
No objection being made, the amendment was
received.
Mr. HOOPER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the eighty-
third section by inserting1 after the vvoid " insur-
ance" the words " cxcept life insurance;" so as
to make the section conform to the last amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WATT. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
Sec —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$60,000 appropriated to complete the eapitoi m New Mex-
ico, bvthe second bcctlon o( the aet of Congies*, approved
June 35, 1860; and the sum of $50,000 appropriated for
military loads in New Mexico by act of Congress, appioved
Mai eh *2, 1861, be, and the same aie hereby, credited to the
Termojy ot New Mexico, m paj mcnt of the direct annual
tax of U'vu'd upon <*aid Timitory under the eighth
section'of the aet of Congie^, appiovjid August 5, 1861, to
be taken to be on account oi s-aid direct tax under said act,
a-5 the >ame may full duo to the United States fiom said
Trmtoiy.
Allusion has been made to this matter during
the progress of this bill, and with the consent of
the Committee of Ways and Means this oppor-
tunity was given me to present this question to
the consideiation of the committee. I believe
there is no person upon the Committee of Ways
and Means, and 1 presume there is no person m
the Committee of the Whole House, who will ob-
ject to this becoming an enactment of law. The
appropriations are in the Treasury, and have been
there nearly two years, and they have been used
by the Government; and as we are willing that
this exchange should be made, I think there will
be 110 objection from any other quarter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported thatthe
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
had, according to older,had under consideration
the slate of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government and pay
interest on the public, debt, and had directed him
to report the same to the House, with sundry
amendments, with a recommendation that they
do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I move thatthe further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until Monday
morning after the morning hour, and that, in the
mean time, the bill and amendments be printed.
The motion was agiced to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of taking up two bills
which ought to be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accoidmgly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Web-
ster in the chair.)
BRANCH MINT AT DENVER.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 287) to establish a branch of the Mint
of the United States at Denver, in the Territory
ofColoiado.
"No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill, which was read, pro v ides that a branch
of the Mint of the United .States be located and
established at Denver, in the Territory of Colo-
lado, for the coinage of gold; that, for carrying
on thp business of said branch, there shall be ap-
pointed upon the nomination of the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, one
superintendent, one assayer, one melter and re-
finer, and one coiner; that the superintendent shall
employ as many clerks, subordinate workmen,
