1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2511
to be sure; but the deed is in fact a return; it con-
tains an account of his doings, and so far as his
own acts are concerned it ought to be conclusive
evidence; and if there is any misstatement, or any
falsehood, the remedy should be where the usual
remedy is, against an officer making a false return,
and that is by action against him, and there is a
remedy on his bond. I think the thing is diluted
too much by the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think so, too; but 1
thought it was better to yield rather than to pro-
tract the discussion on it. That is the way it
was before the amendment was made.
Mr. HALE. The way I stated it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. HALE. Then I think we did wrong in
departing from that. I am opposed to any amend-
ment which so far nullifies the obligation of the
officer, or the sanctity that is due to his return, as
to say that his return—for this deed is nothing
but his return—shall be only prima facie evidence
of what he himself has done, because there is no
record of it preserved anywhere else; and you give
the parties a remedy by an action against liim,
and a suit on the bond.
TheamendmentofMr.£)ooLiTTLEto theamend-
ment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, as amended.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear that part of
it read which relates to the deed of the officer.
The Secretary read: " And said deed shall be
prima facie evidence of the truth of the facts stated
therein."
Mr. HALE. I move to add, after those words,
" except so far as relates" 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not in or-
der. The Senator can move to reconsider the vote
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. EIALE. Well, I move to reconsider the
vote agreeing to his amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For what purpose?
Mr. HALE. Simply to provide that the deed
shall be prima facie evidence of all the facts stated
in it, cxcept the doings of the officer himself; and
that as to those doings it shall be conclusive evi-
dence. That, is what I think the law ought to be
always; and I think that will satisfy the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely the way
it stood before it was amended on his motion.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose theofficcr should see
fit to make a false return—such things have some-
times occurred—would the Senator from New-
Hampshire shut the door against the owner of the
lands which had been sold, and say to him that
he should not contest the truth of the return ? It
seems to me it would be rather harsh. I must in-
sist that the clause, as amended, contains the true
principle in such cases. It simply throws upon
the owner of the property sold the burden of
proof of the facts in support of his claim to his
property, of which he may properly avail him-
self by way of showing irregularities and illegali-
ties in the proceedings of the officer. Why, sir,
we are enacting a law to compel our fellow-citi-
zens to pay taxes. We have the power to make
such an enactment; we have full authority; and
it is our duty to see to it that proper persons are
provided for carrying out this law in all its provis-
ions and in all its details. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire what justice there is in allowing
an officer who sees fit to make a sale, or happens
to make a sale, or assumes to make a sale, of the
property of an individual, what propriety is there
in saying that the deed he may see fit to give of
the property, shall in and of itself be conclusive
evidence of ail the facts recited in the deed, and
that it shall, in addition, transfer the title of the
owner of the property to the purchaser? So far
as the owner of the property is concerned, this
provision of the amendment, without an addi-
tional amendment, is as conclusive upon him as
would be a judgment at law; and it will operate
in thousands of instances with great injustice and
great severity. It is simply saying to the infant,
if your property happens to be sold, the deed of
the officer making the sale shall be conclusive
against you; and it says the same thing to ab-
sentees and to insane persons and to all persons
without exception. If my amendment shall be
adopted, it will leave the provision simply to
amount to this: that it belongs to the owner of
the property to show irregularities in the proceed-
ings of the officer making the sale; and I insist
that that is, and ought to be, his right under all
circumstances. If the officer commits an error;
if he commits an illegality; if he commits a fatal
irregularity in the proceedings antecedent to the
sale, it ought to be the right of the owner of the
property to avail himself of it, and to setaside the
deed. Taken in connection with the amendment
which has been offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin, allowing a redemption, and requiring the
owner of the property to pay a liberal interest for
the benefit of the purchaser, certainly nobody can
complain of it, and there is no danger of a loss of
the investment which has thus been made. I hope
the amendment will prevail. .
Mr. HALE. I dislike to occupy the time of
the Senate, but I look on this as a matter of some
consequence. I want to put this to the Senator
from Michigan as a learned lawyer: the levy of
an execution upon real estate in most of the States
depends upon the return of the officer, and the
officer returns it upon the execution, and that
passes the title. His doings are conclusive, I ap-
prehend, in every State in the Union, and cannot
be inquired into, except by an action againsthim
for a false return. If you proclaim to the world
that this deed is only prima facie evidence, what
does it do? It is simply an invitation to litigation
and to perjury. It opens the door to perjury. It
ought to be entitled " An act to favor frauds and
perjuries." Very many years ago the Legislature
of England, from whom our legislation j;s derived,
passed an act for the prevention of frauds and per-
juries, directing the reduction to writing of titles
of real estate and the terms of other bargains.
Tney were required to be reduced to writing for
the pievention of frauds and perjuries, so that
what is written may be known. But if you now
advertise to the world that what is written amounts
to nothing, they may go to this public placc where
the advertisements are to be posted up, and prove
by some witnesses that they were not up so long
as they ought to have been, and they may intro-
duce witnesses to prove that the notice of the of-
ficer was given on another day from the one on
which it should be given, and m that way we
would open the door to perjuries and fraud all
over the country. But make this conclusive, as
the return of every officer must be if you wish to
maintain anything like a stablo system, and there
is no sort of difficulty, because the officer has to
give abundant bond and sureties, and an action
may be had against him for a false return. Why
make this departure in this case from that which
the wisdom of this country and of all other coun-
tries has settled to be the proper and requisite
course?
Besides, sir, the amendment which has been
adopted on motion of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin obviates a great deal of the mischief that the
Senator complains of. He complains of this pro-
vision being very harsh, because the deed passes
the title of the delinquent. What would itbegood
for if it did not ? It is intended to pass it. The
very chaiacter of the deed is to pass it, and the
intention of the Government is to hold outthem-
ducementto those who come forward and pay this
amount, that they shall have a title, and a valid
title, liable only to be defeated upon repayment
of the money that has been advanced and twenty
per cent, interest upon it. "But if you adopt this
amendment, you will open the door; you will tell
these men, 44 you may buy the lands, but we give
you no title. We only give you something'to
open the door to all sorts of evidence that you
may raise, and to encourage litigation."
iVIr. DOOLITTLE. if 1 may be allowed to say
a single word, I think the true ground on which
to place this amendment lies just between the two
gentlemen. It should not be made conclusive evi-
dence of all things, and it should not be left to be
mere prima facie evidence of some things which
are requisite. It is, perhaps, doubtful, and when
you get it to the courts you may find it doubtful,
whether you can declare that a deed shall be con-
clusive evidence of all things. In the State of Wis-
consin it has been a great deal discussed, and we
have had various kinds of legislation upon it; but
my present recollection is that deeds upon sale
for taxes are declared to be conclusive of all ex-
cept two or three things. One is that the land is
not subject to the tax; another that the tax has'
been paid; and a third that it has been redeemed
from the "sale. Those things going to the very
foundation upon which the sale takes place, are-
things in which the deed is not allowed to be made
conclusive; butupon the forms of proceeding, the
regularity of the advertisement, and all that, the
deed is made conclusive evidence. I think if the
amendment were so made as to declare that this
deed should be conclusive evidence of the regu-
larity and the validity of the proceedings and the
sale in all things, except that it should only be
prima facie evidence on the question whether the
tax had been paid, or the lana had been redeemed,
or whether it was liable to taxation, it would meet
the case.
Mr. HALE. That is all I contend for. *
Mr. HOWARD. The suggestion of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin is in exact accord-
ance with the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] which was adopted
yesterday. He offered the clause which reads
thus:
Except in cases where it shall be alleged that the tax for
which the land was sold had been paid previous to such
sale, in which it shall bejarimafacie evidence only asto the
lact of such payment.
It seems to me that is too narrow a view to take
of the subject. I dislike entirely, in such a pro-
ceeding as this, to give a conclusive effect to the
deed of an officer. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire says that my amendment reduces the return
of the officer, as he expresses it, but which, more
properly speaking, is the deed which he has made
out, to just no evidence at all, and that it opens
the door to all sorts of fraudulent proofs and con-
trivances for the purpose of setting aside the deed,
and he prefers that the mere recitals of the officer
making the sale contained in the deed which he
has given shall be conclusive and indisputable
proof of the facts thus recited. I differ with the
Senator from New Hampshire entirely upon that
subject, and I differ with my friend from Wiscon-
sin upon the same subject. If the officer making
the sale in his recitals in the deed has, as he is
bound by law and by his oath of office to do, told
the truth, there is no danger of fraud. All that is
necessary for him to do in the recitals, which he
writes down and signs with his own name, is to
tell the truth, the whole truth, and to recite all the
essential proceedings which arcnecessary anterior
to the perfection of the sale itself. That is all that
is necessary, and he can be contradicted only by
showing what the truth was.
This is the very gist of the case which I-make
against this section, as submitted by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. It assumes,
absolutely in all cases, that the officer has told the
truth, whereas I desi«e to leave the privilege to
the owner of the land of contesting the veracity
of the truths which he has affected to recite in his
deed; and I think it is nothing but what is just
and fair. The owner of the land ought not to be
sbutdoVn in this way. For instance, the amend-
ment now under discussion requires the officer
making the sale to give previous notice of the sale
to the owner a certain number of days, say five
or ten days, by leaving a written notice at his
house or last place of residence. Suppose that,
in point of fact, the officer in this respect has en-
tirely neglected his duty, that he has seen fit, for
some reason or other, to omit all attention to this
very essential requirement of the law, and that,
in point of fact, he has not given any such notice
to the owner, and thatin consequence of this want
of notice to the owner the land has been seized
and sold under this distress warrant, and a deed
has been given? Suppose the case to relate to a
minor, to an insane person, to an absentee, to
some sick or disabled person utterly unable to at-
tend to his or her business, or a femme covert, a
married woman. A purchaser steps in and buys
this land. The officer makes out and delivers to
him a formal deed in which he sees fit falsely to
recite a fact which did not exist, namely, that he
had given due or proper notice of five or ten days,
or whatever the requirement may be, to the owner
of the land, by leaving a written notice at such a
place; I ask Senators whether it is entirely fair
to say to the owner of that land when he comes
into court to contest the title of the purchaser in
an action of ejectment, that it shall not be his
privilege to show that no such notice ever was
given. Still, if it made simply prima facie cvi-
