THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGBESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1862.
New Series.....No. '34.
Minnesota to state the character of the work to
which this appropriation is to be applied.
Mr. ALDRICH. It is to enable the surveyor
general to employ sufficient force in his office—
Mr. HOLMAN. To do what?
Mr. ALDRICH. To bring up the arrears of
work, which, as I am informed, is some five years
behindhand.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the character of that"
work ?
Mr. ALDRICH. Surveys have been made in
various portions of the State, by and under the
surveyor general, and the field-notes, plats, and
everything of that kind have been returned to his
office. But he has not had a sufficient clerical force
in his office to bring up the work — to record, to
plat, and everything of that kind that is required
to be done in his office. The work, as I have said,
is four or five years behindhand in his office. I am
so informed by the surveyor general himself.
Mr. HOLMAN. "Well, sir, I think we can
very well postpone the bringing up of this back
work until the close of the war. I hope my amend-
ment will be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think if the
committee and gentlemen who have been discuss-
ing this amendment, and the various amendments
that have been submitted to this item, had simply
read the provisions of the bill, the whole of this
discussion might have been avoided. This appro-
priation is simply to pay the salary of the sur-
veyor general, which is $2,000, -and $6,300 in
addition, which is for clerks in his office. There
iu not a single dollar appropriated in this bill for
thepurposeof surveyingfurtherquantities ofland.
And now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that
the gentleman from Minnesota had better allow
the appropriation to stand in the bill as it has been
reported, without any attempt to increase it, for as
the gentleman from New York has well said, as
there is no further new work to be done in making
new surveys, and no new work, therefore, accu-
mulating, the clerks in the office of the surveyor
general will have ample time to bring up the ar-
rears of work.
And so far as the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] is concerned, it does seem
to me that it would be well, at least, to have the
usual appropriation in order that these clerks may
bring up the arrears of work.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question recurred on the amendment offered
by Mr. Aldricii.
Mr. ALDRICH. Upon the request of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, I will withdraw my amend-
ment; although I still think this additional amount
is necessary for that office.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out lines
four hundred and forty-three, four hundred and
forty-four, and four hundred and forty-five, as
follows:
For compensation of the surveyor jreneial of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, and the clerks in his office, $7,000.
I will withdraw the amendment when I have
concluded the remarks 1 have to make. I desire
to add my testimony to that of the gentleman from
Nevada Territory in reference to the utter worth-
Icssness of the character of the surveys made of
the public lands in the Territories on the Pacific.
I have information, which I believe to be correct,
that the surveyor general in one of these Terri-
tories has sat in his office and surveyed hundreds
of thousands of acres of desert land, without step-
ping out of it, where wood could not be found to
furnish the stakes, and where stones could not be
found to mark the boundaries. He has made rc-
turnsof these surveys and has drawn his pay. In
many instances the whole land surveyed would
not pay the cost of the survey.
Mr. ALDRICH. I simply wish to say that
there have been no lands suiveyed in Minnesota
that are not valuable.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not refer to the gentle-
man 's State, or to the surveyor general of Nevada
Territory, but to the surveyor of the interior des-
erts before the organization of that Territory.
34
But there is little use for such an officer in Nevada
Territory. It is well known that with the excep-
tion of a small strip of land on the Carson river,
there is no land in that Territory of any value to
warrant the enormous appropriation of §7,000 for
the surveyor general's office there.
Now, sir, I have not submitted this amendment
to indicate any opposition to this appropriation.
The law, as it now stands, authorizes the employ-
ment of a surveyor general and a certain number
of clerks. These men perform whatever they can
find to do. Until the law is repealed, the salaries
of these officers must be provided in good faith.
I merely call the attention of gentlemen to the pro-
priety of passing a law reducing the salary of these
officers and the number of the offices.
Now, sir, I think it would be well if the older
members of the House would have the conde-
scension to consult with the membersfrom the new
States a,nd the Delegates from the Territories, in
reference to these matters; they would save the
necessity of many mistakes that are made.
In reference to myself, I did not reach here until
after the organization of the House had been con-
cluded, and the consequence has been that I have
not been placed upon any committee, and have
had no opportunity to call the attention of com-
mittees to the information in reference to the Pa-
cific that may be in my possession. I believe
there is a disposition, upon the part of those gen-
tlemen in this House representing those States and
Territories, to assist the House in procuring the
economical administration of the Government in
the districts they represent, and that any inform-
ation to that end will be cheerfully given. I now
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to amend the
clause " For the compensation of the Secretary of
Waf, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, $25,000," by add-
ing as follows:
Provided, however, T4 at neither the Secretary of War,
nor the Secietary of State, shall be admitted within the
Hall of the House of llopiesentativcs, except upon Satur-
days.
As I have no business to transact with either
of these Secretaries I am entirely disinterested.
Bat I oiler it for the purpose of preserving the
dignity of those members who have occasion to
go there, and after the order promulgated by these
Secretaries in relation to the reception of Mem-
bers of Congress, on the principle that " turn
about is fair play.5' [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amend mentis out of
order.
• Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does it change ex-
isting laws ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is out of
order.
The following items in the bill being under con-
sideration—
For compensation of five watchmen of the Southwest
Executive Building, $3,000.
For contingent expenses of said huildintf. viz: For labor,
fuel, lights, and miscellaneous ia-ma, $4,400}
Mr. HOLMAN said: I desire to know of the
chaiiman of the Committee of Ways and Means
why those appropriations have been increased
over the corresponding ones last year ? I find
on looking to the law that one was List year only
$2,400, and the other §3,913.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir. I move to strikeout
"$2,000" in the first item, and insert "$2,400,"
and to strike out " §4,400" m the other, and to in-
sert " $3,913." Now, Mr. Chairman, I sec that
provision has been made here for increasing the
number of watchmen for th'is building. The sal-
aries of the watchmen aie, 1 believe, jj600 a year.
Theie were four provided for last year for this
building, and I see by the addition of another $G00
that another is here authorized to be employed.
I desire to know the necessity for this increase.
The last Administration was denounced for its
profligate extravagance. That Administration em-
! ployed four watchmen in this building; and situ-
' ated as it is, in the heart of the city, I desire to
know if four are not more than are necessary, to
say nothing of the addition of a fifth ? I think the
House will desire to be informed of the reasons
for reporting this increased appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his explanation of thatincieased estimate,
remarks thatthe Secretary of the Navy states that
the employment of a watchman during office hours
is considered necessary; that his services are es-
sential not only as a guard, but to prevent the
intrusion of improper persons, and that the in-
crease in the item of " contingent" is necessary in
consequence of the increase of fuel and lights,
owingto the attendance of employes after the reg-
ular office hours.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the following, to
come in under the head of " Post Office Depart-
ment:"
For compensation of twenty-five additional clerks, to be
appointed by the Postmaster Genera!, under the second
section of the act entitled "An act to promote tiie effi-
ciency of the dead letter office," approved January 21,1862,
$20,000.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, if it be in order. I move
to add a proviso that the compensation of these
twenty-five additional clerks shall not exceed the
amount of revenue collected under the bill author-
izing their appointment.
I am perfectly satisfied that it is altogether chi-
merical to suppose that the operation of that bill
is going to save anything like the amount that is
here appropriated for the pay of these clerks. I
am willing that they shall be appointed and the
experiment tried, if the expense does not cxceod
the income derived from their employment.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order
on the gentleman's amendment. The law fixes
the number of clerks and the amount of their com-
pensation. His amendment, therefore, is a change
of law, and not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, looking upon the amendment as
merely a reaffirmation of existing law.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think that the Chair does
not understand my point of order. The law pro-
vides for the number of clerks, and it provides
further what salary they shall be paid. This
amendment is surely not in order, as it changes
the law.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My proposition is that
the sum here appropriated shall be paid out of
what is saved. I understand that there are to be
twenty additional clerks, and that their salaries
are fixed by law.
The CHAIRMAN. On examining the amend-
ment, the Cluur sustains the point of order made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It is a
change of the existing law, and is not therefore itl
order to an appropriation bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows;
for rranspuiiatlon of bullion from ItfewYork assay office
to the United States Mint for coinage, $20,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike that out. It is a very striking item of this
appropriation bill. I find the corresponding item
under the extravagant administration of James
Buchanan was as follows;
"For transportation of bullion from New Yoik assay
office to the United States Mint for coinage, $5,000."
That amount was then deemed sufficient, under
an extravagantadministration o&the General Gov-
ernment; but under this Administration, consid-
ered to be a most rigid and economical one, $20,000
is demanded. I should like to know why we, who
are so much in favor of retrenchment and reform,
should appropriate four times as much for this
purpose as the sum appropriated under a former
Administration, which was so much denounced
for its extravagance?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman had looked
further ho would have found that Congress ap-
propriated for this purpose at the last session the
sum of $45,474 33, instead of #20,000.
