1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4.
ernmental jurisdiction, from which allegiance is
due, and to which it owes the obligations of pro-
tection ami a just administration of law. Let us
examine it.
The American Government is not a partnership
or league of States, but a unity, a sovereignty, a
Government of tiie people. It was not established
by the action of States; it was based upon the pop-
ular will, in the preamble to the orgtftvc law, it
is declared, that " we, the people of the United
States," "do ordain and establish this Constitu-
tion for the United States of America•,', and in the
seventh and last article of that instrument, in or-
der to give effect to the popular will, and to exclude
the idea of State authority in the formation of the
Union, it is expressly provided that its establish-
ment shall be by the " ratification," not of States,
but" of the conventions of nine States." By the
adoption of the Constitution in the mode pre-
scribed by its own terms, we became one people
and one nation. Nor was this consummation the
result of accident. It was induced by judgment,
reason, reflection, and experience. It was urged
by the necessities of the occasion.
From 1775 to 1787, the people of the thirteen
States struggled through a precarious existence.
During that delicate and dangerous period, so preg-
nant of future results, they were separated and
estranged by pernicious lines of feeble States, and
enervated by the jealousies and antagonisms of
petty sovereignties. They had no executive, no
judiciary, no nationality, no central sovereign
power. The Articles of Confederation had proved
a failure. Experience had convinced the great
minds of that time that the fruits of the Revolution
were about to perish, through selfishness, juris-
dictional strife, and ultimate anarchy. In pro-
ceeding to form a national Government, they took
care that the remedy should be effectual. In the
preamble alluded to, they stated as well the reasons
for their actions as the objects to be attained. They
declared that they ordained the Constitution " in
order to form a more perfect union, establish jus-
tice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare."
This language is deliberate and well choaen, and
considered in connection with cotemporaneous his-
tory, shows that they were mindful of their danger
and sought an avenue fur escape.
But what was the great, leading, paramount
idea that weighed most heavily upon the nunds of
that day? It was union, perfect union, " a more
perfect union." They would have a national
Government with power to extend the a>gis of its
protection-over the entire American possessions.
They would have a flag emblematic of authority,
though floating aloft over distant seas. They
would have the citizen of Massachusetts "enti-
tled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States." They would u establish
justice" not in New York only, but in every part
of the country. They would " insure domestic
tranquillity" as well in South Carolina as in the
DistnctofColunihia. They would " promote the
geneial welfare" by protecting, guarding, and
encouraging the country in all its parts.
Their labors resulted in the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution, and on the 30th day of April,
1789, George Washington was inaugurated and
took the oath of office as President of the United
States. He was a citizen of Vnginia, but not the
Chief Magistiate of that Commonwealth. He
was placed at the head of a Government that em-
braced all the States, and whose scepter extended
as well over Georgia as Massachusetts. Con-
necticut and North Carolina were not only within
the United States, but they constituted parts of
her possessions. Mount Vernon, the home of
Washington, reclined upon the right bank of the
Potomac in the Old Dominion; but it was, never-
theless, a constituent part of the national tei ntory,
and subject to the laws of the Union and entitled
to its protection. It was not technically the prop-
erty of the United States; no more was it that of
Virginia. But it was clearly a port of the posses-
sions of the Republic and subject to its jurisdic-
tion. And yet more, beyond all dispute, and by
force of the very terms of the Constitution, the
FedcmlGovcrnmenthadatjactual, positive, vested
interest in Mount Vernon, as well as in every foot
of soil in Virginia. " Congress shall have power
to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the United States."
The Federal Government may in effect, by au-
thority of the organic law, create alien or mort-
gage upon every inch of land in every State and
Territory of the Union; because Congress has
power " to borrow money on the credit of the
United States,"and may, as already shown," lay
and collect taxes," &c., to pay the debts thus in-
curred. To-day such a lien actually exists upon
all the lands of the country to the amountof hun-
dreds of millions of dollars. The " Constitution,
and the laws of the United States which shall be
made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made,
or which shall be made under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the
land; and the judges in every State shall be bound
thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of
any State to the contrary notwithstanding." It
is manifest that the Federal Government has sov-
ereign powerover all parts of its possessions; and
that it is amenable to corresponding obligations
for the protection of its jurisdiction. It must" es-
tablish justice" and "insure domestic tranquil-
lity-," and in case any State fails in that regard the
powers of the General Government must apply
the corrective, and, if necessary, extraordinary
means must be adopted to that end. The extent
and character of the measures to be adopted must
depend upon the circumstances of the case, but I
cannot doubt that cases may arise, or that such
now exist, in which the General Governmenthas
the unquestionable right to take control of the
territory and people lately recognized as a State,
and spread over them such provisional govern-
ment as may be suitable to their peculiar condi-
tion.
Let us illustrate: the Territory of Minnesota,
previous to the Government land sales, was the
absolute property of the United States. The dis-
position of a portion.of its soil modified the right
of property, but did not release nor in point of
law change political jurisdiction. The national
authority was supreme, and could still establish
and modify government for the Territory. The
admission ot Minnesota as a State, gave to her
people new and enlarged political powers and
privileges; butdid not alienate her Territoi y, can-
eel her obligations to the Federal Constitution, nor
relieve the United States from the obligations of
protection. Suppose some fatal epidemic were
to sweep over the State, consigning every soul of
her inhabitants to the grave; and the aborigines
should return tonnd reoccupy the huntinggrounds
of their fathers: what then would be the status of
Minnesota ? There would be no civilized people,
no rcpie.^entatives, no Sriue officers, executive or
judicial; but.would not the United States still re-
tain jurisdiction over the Territory of Minnesota?
Could we not remove the Indians from her soil'
Could we not repel foreign invasion? Could we
not colonize or repeople that district of country ?
And on the arrival of the new settlers, whether
from the States or from foreign lands, could.we
not give them a government? And could we not
give them such form of government, territorial or
otherwise, not inconsistent with the character of
our institutions,as the exigencies of the case might
require? Certain it is, in the ease supposed, that
the original government of the State of Minnesota
would be annihilated. There would be no execu-
tive, no judiciary, no representation, no political
organization. The functions of government would
be lapsed. There could be no election of officers
according to law, no such ease being provided for,
and any machinery of go\ernment put in opera-
tion by the new comers would, of necessity, be
provisional. And again,suppose the depopulated
Territory should he lepeopled by a colony from
Germany, not one of whom was a legal voter:
could not the United States intervene to establish
a government*
Sir, I admit that the supposed case is an ex-
treme one; but it is illustrative of the principle,
and no moie improbable than would have been
the supposition of this gigantic rebellion five years
ago.
On the 19th day of December, I860, the rule of
the United States was extended over the entne
American possessions; but on the next day South
Carolina adopted a pretended ordinance of seces-
sion, by whreh she repudiated and defied the au-
thority of the Federal Government, an example
that was speedily followed by ten other States.
This incipient rebellion culminated in tei nble civil
war waged by the seceders against the United
States. All but two of the rebellious States have
ceased to he represented in either House of Con-
gress, and if we except the provisional govern-
ment recently erected over a portion of Virginia,
there is not a single lawful State officer in the
entire seceded district. In ail that portion of our
possessions, lawful State government has ceased
to exist. The people there are rebels and tiaitors,
conspiring the overthiowing of the Constitution
and the disintegration of the nation. Doubtless
there are in fact many patriotic men; but in ap-
pearance, in so far as we can judge by any dem-
onstration of attempts at legal government, State
or national, there is not a loyal man in South
Carolina. At all events, if such a man lives, he
is powerless and without a lawful government.
Such being the state of affairs, the question oc-
curs what is our relation to the seceded States?
What, for instance, is the status of South Caro-
lina? Her territory is certainly within the limits
of the United States-, and part and parcel of the
American possessions, over which, by the Con-
stitution, the laws of Congress are declared to be
supreme; but her State officers have abdicated,
and her State government, in so far os she is con-
nected with the Union, has been abandoned, and
I answer that her relation to the General Govern-
ment is not unlike that of an unorganized terri-
tory; provided the latter were ip an attitude of re-
bellion. She is not a State undef the Constitution.
By a figure of metonomy, we often use the term
State, to indicate the territory included within the
limits of a certain district of country, but in that
sense the name is equally appropiiate to Colorado
or Nevada. But, as applicable to our political
system, the expression means something more.
It is significant, not so much of the land and in-
habitants, as of the character of the political or-
ganization. Long before its discovery by Captain
Gray, the surface of Oregon existed with all its
present limits, but it was not a State. Uutish and
American emigiants settled within its borders;
still it was not a State. The land, with its rivers
and mountains, and the people domiciled m its
valleys could not elevate it to that dignity. It
was the lights and immunities, the peculiar po-
litical organization, subsequently conferred by ex-
press act of Congress, that established its character
as a State.
It will not be pretended that there is any Gov-
ernor, Legislature, court, senator, repi esentative,
or other officer m South Carolina, adhering to and
supporting the authority of the United States. The
people of South Carolina do not acknowledge the
national flag; they confessallegiancetoa pretended
nationality, called the confederate States of Amer-
ica. They have actually sent representatives to
a pretended congress of that spurious confeder-
acy; and they insist that they are alien enemies to
this Government; they deny the authority of the
Constitution; they refuse the protection of the
Federal Government; their officeis have violated
their official oaths; they have leagued with the
enemies of their country; they have mimlored
citizcnsof theUmted Slates; they have attempted
foreign alliances; they utterly deny that they con-
stitute any portion of the United States; and thus
they have cast oil their corporate rights and aban-
doned their former political condition. They have
officeis indeed,but you do not recognize them as
lawful. They acknowledge fealty, not to the Uni-
ted States, but to a hostile Power. Their political
condition as a State has been extinguished. Sir,
the sod of South Carolina remains, but her loyal
people and her municipal rights and immunities
have passed away. The land is still the lawful
territory of the United States; but the State, in its
.technical signification, has gone with the political
organization.
Shall we be told that the Constitution ^till sur-
vives? Let us see. By the term constitution we
mean the organic, the fundamental law, upon
which the political structure is based. Law is
defined as being a rule of action piescribed by the
supreme power of the State. In popular govern-
ments, this supreme power is the will of the peo-
ple, and in this country is evidenced by written
charters or constitutions. The written parch-
ments, however, are not laws, but merely the
shadows or symbols of Jaws. The parchment
being without inherent vitality, cannot invigorate
and perpetuate itself. The language in which it
is fiamed may provide for its everlasting dura-
tion, but the spirit and life of the law are not m
