32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 19 ancl 20,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
"Object of the War—Mr. Willey.
Senate.
very. You of the South sought to dissolve it,
professedly to protect slavery. You were both dis-
unionists—all rebels against the Government. As
State after State plunged into the gulf of disunion,
your shouts of triumph from the North rose up
and met the peans of joy from the South. You
have smitten a great country with desolation and
waste. You have crimsoned fields with kindred
blood. You have filled the whole land with weep-
ing widows and orphans. In guilt and crime you
have been banded together, like Siamese twins,
through life, and you ought not to be separated in
death. It is but just that you should expiate your
enormous crime together, on the same scaffold,
and together be buried in the same traitors'grave.
OBJECT OP THE WAR.
SPEECH OF HON. W. T. WILLEY,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the Senate, Dccembcr 1!) and 20, 1861,
On tiie re-soiutiim declaring that tho existing war, forced
upon the countiy by the States in icbelhon, without justi-
fiable cau>o oi ptovoearion, wavuul designed by them
to destroy the Union and the Constitution; and their pui-
pose, moreover, was at first, ami is now, to disavow and
repudiate tho fundamental principles of lcpubliean gov
crnment on which our lathers established tho Union and
the Constitution.
Mr. WILLEY said:
Mr. President: The resolution offered by the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Ten Eyck] a few
days ago enunciates, as I think very properly,
what are the purpose and motives of the United
States in prosecuting this war. The resolution
that I now submit enunciates what I conceive to
he the motive and purpose of the States in rebel-
lion in precipitating this war upon the country,
and in prosecuting it. As I remarked just now,
sir, we have in tho States in rebellion, in the State
which I have the honor to represent, not only the
conflict of the sword, but we have also the war of
opinion. I think it is appropriate that the Senate
and the country should understand what were and
are the real motives and purposes of the South m
instigating this rebellion-, and I propose to submit
my views somewhat at length upon this proposi-
tion.
Our forefathers, when they threw off their alle-
giance to the British crown,admitted thata " de-
cent respect to the opinions of mankind recpiired
that they should declare tho causes which im-
pelled them to the separation."
They also acknowledged that " Governments
long established should not be changed for light
and transient causes;" (hat revolution was justi-
fiable only when government " became destruc-
tive of the ends for which it was instituted among
men," sue.h as "the inalienable rights of life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
Having secured the recognition of our national
independence, they proceeded to organize a gov-
ernment; and in order " to form a more perfect
union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of lib-
erty to themselves and their posterity,'they or-
dained and established the Constitution" under
which we have since lived so happily, and pros-
pered so well.
If this " icspec.t to the opinions of mankind" is
still to be recognized as obligatory, may we not
properly inquire what justification is offered by
the insurgents against the Government of the Uni-
ted States foi their recent and existing terrible
oftorfs to .subvert and overthrow it? What essen-
tial light has been infringed or withheld? What
intolerable wi nog has been threatened or inflicted >
In what respect has there been a failure to sec.uie
to the citizen the enioymentof his life, his liberty,
or the pursuit of his happiness? When or how j
has the General Government failed to accomplish i
any of the great purposes of its oiganization? !
Mr. President, ••to err is human." It were j
idle to claim that either of the two parties now m '
conflict, or that any of the great parties which '
have distracted the councils of the country, were
wholly inculpable. Bat the question now is,has
anything occurred m the administration of the
national Government to justify this rebellion?
Has the Federal Government become so destruc-
tive of the ends of its institution as to create the
right in the people, or any portion of the people,
" to alter or to abolish it, and to institute a new gov-
ernment?" Respectfully appealing to the " opin-
ions of mankind," and inviting the most rigid
scrutiny and criticism, I confidently declare that
this rebellion is wholly inexcusable.
In what I shall have to say I shall avoid all
theoretical and speculative examination of the fit-
ness and adaptation of our system of government
for the accomplishment of the purposes for which
it was ordained. It has been tried for three fourths
of a century, and now there is no necessity or room
for speculation. We have the results of actual
experiment. Andwhatdo they teach? What is
the testimony which they bear to the security of
the great inalienable right of life m this country ?
Whore has life been more sccure than in the Uni-
ted States? I respectfully challenge an answer to
this question from the apologists of this rebellion,
here or elsewhere. Spread out the map of the
world, and designate the nation where the lito of
the citizen or subject or serf is more thoroughly
protected than was the life of the American citi-
zen prior to this rebellion. Unfold the volume
of universal history, and show me the page which
records the existence of greater personal security
than was enjoyed by the people of the United
States. How many millions of our people, twelve
months ago, in village and hamlet and cottage,
slept with doors unbarred, in calm and conscious
security, both ofli found estate; and when either life
or estate was assailed, wheie and when did there
exist a Government more prompt and efficient to
avenge the injury ?
And as to liberty, what unwarrantable restraint
has ever been imposed upon the enjoyment of it?
The American citizen worships God everywhere
according to the dictates of his own conscience.
His religious liberty is incomparable. As a citi-
zen, his rights arc equally svell defined and secured.
His civil liberties wore incomparable; and what
political franchise or privilege has ever been do-
med or infringed by the Federal Government?
Who, in all these respects, was so happy as the
American citizen? Wheresoever the flag of the
Republic floated; on every ocean and sea under
the whole heavens; wheresover it marked the resi-
dence of the American minister or American con-
sulate; in every city and seaport and town beneath
the sun; in the palaces of kings and the cottages
of peasants, to earth's remotest boundary, the
name of American citizen had become a guarantee
ol personal and political security and pnvilegeas
high and as assured as ever attached to the national
character of any human being.
Mr. President, I am touching upon an inspiring
theme; but I will not allow myself to be betrayed
into u further pursuit of it. I may be allowed to
say, however, that while, like all our guilty race,
the American eitizen inherits the pnmal curse at-
taching to our first progenitor, yet no portion of
the posterity of Adam ever came so near to the
enjoyment of that wide and unrestricted freedom
that in the fancy of the great poet fell to the lot of
our federal father, as he turned his back upon the
gates of Paradise, when
''The woild was all bofoie iihn, where to choose
Uirt place ofiot, and Piovidenee his guide.55
My purpose is more piactical. It is to appeal
to matters of fact known to every intelligent man. I
It is tii challenge the production of an instance in J
the nomenclature of nations where liberty has been
more^ perfectly secured and enjoyed than it was in
the United States, and to demand specifications of
those infractions of liberty by the Federal Gov-
ernment which may justify this great rebellion.
lJut i shall challenge m vain. There will be no
lesponse to my just demand.
And what shall we say of the pursuit of happi- !
ncss ? Surely that people ought to be happy whose !
property, person, and life, and whose libeities, !
civil, icligious, and political, are fully secured to |
them. ^ But, apart from the enjoyment of these !
great rights, what has been the practical operation |
of the Government upon the physical condition of *
the people, and how has it affected the common I
weal in resjjcctof the merely material interests of !
the countiy ? Has there been any deficiency here? I.
I again beg to appeal to the facts; I again challenge !.
aparalielof progress and prosperity. Three quar- I'
ters of a century have hardly passed away since
we entered upon the arena of independent nations.
We commenced the war of independence with a
population of three million; now we number more
than thirty million. In what age, in what clime,
shall we find a parallel? We started in the race
of national development with thirteen isolated, dis-
connected, impoverished colonies. When this re-
bellion broke out, it required the shores of the two
oceans to circumscribe our enlarged and consoli-
dated empire. Our commerce burdened every
wave of the sea, and filled every port on the globe.
We could have proudly defied the world in arms.
Sir, I am not dealing in pictures of fancy. I
am not painting with the colors of an unbridled
imagination. I am not indulging in figures of
speech. I am quoting from the census, i am ap-
pealing to recorded facts. Sir, all the fancy be-
longs to the authors of the rebellion. It is they
who are abnegating the results of experience, and
are madly rushing after the phantoms of a dis-
ordered imagination; deserting the beaten paths
of long-attested security and prosperity, to follow
the ignis fatuus of a frenzied speculation. Nor
can it be said that there were any indications of
decline jn our national prosperity. Down to the
very day of the insurrection our growth in popu-
lation and wealth and power was advancing with
a constantly accelerated momentum and progress.
And, sir, this remark is as applicable to the se-
ceded States as to any other section of the Con-
federacy. It will be found that this rebellion was
precipitated upon tho country when the condition
of the South exhibited incontestable evidence of
greater prosperity than it had ever done in any
previous period of our national existence.
What is the plain deduction from this unexam-
pled national prosperity ? Is it not that there could
have been no real grievance justifying rebellion?
But we may, with equal confidence, challenge
a more minute examination of the policy and ad-
ministration of the General Government affecting
the States in rebellion. And here 1 do but allege
what the records of the country will amply attest,
when I say that in the bestowment of official pat-
ronage and emolument, and position in every
branch of the Government, the South has ever
enjoyed an eminently liberal proportion of favor.
The journals and acts of Congress will verify the
assertion that every important measure of national
policy has either originated with southern states-
men, or has been made, sooner or later, essen-
tially to conform to the demands of southern sen-
timent. This is a broad assertion, but it is true.
The South has always exorcised a controlling
influence in the councils of the Republic. She
has had more than an equal share of Presidents;
she has had more than a fair proportion of ap-
pointments in the Cabinet; the Supreme Court
has been adorned with a full quota of her eminent
jurists; the corps diplomatique has had no just
cause of complaint for the want of representatives
from south of Mason and Dixon's line; and the
glorious annals of our Army and Navy attest on
every page the valor and skill of southern chief-
tains.
But the great outcry of the South against the
North has been predicated principally on alleged
grievances respecting slavery. Now, I shall offer
no apology for the unfriendly legislation of some
of the free States m their distinct capacity. This
legislation lias sometimes been in direct conflict
with the plainest provisions of constitutional law;
but the judiciary in every instance, I believe,
where a case hasarisen under this species of State
legislation has declared it to be unconstitutional,
and thus rendered it nugatory. Nor will my sense
of propriety allow me to do aught else than con-
demn and denounce the miserable misrepresent-
ation and vituperation of the domestic institutions
of the South, which have disgraced m too many
instances the northern press and pulpit. But why
should the General Government be made respon-
sible for these things? What has it done unfriendly
to the South? Look at the facts. The South has
always prevailed jn questions affecting slaveiy.
For instance: was more efficient legislation re-
quired to secure the constitutional right of recovery
of fugitives from labor, southern men prepared
the law to suit themselves, and it was enacted
accordingly. Did fanaticism interpose to rescue
the fugitive from the custody of the law, the Gen-
