1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there actually has been a large increase of the
business of that office?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know the exact
amount of increase of business, but it is a great
d« al more than double what it has heretofore been.
You will see that the Secretary of the Treasury
states that the officers at Boston state that this
additional force is necessary. I think from what
I have learned that the business at that office is
tfiree or four times as much as it formerly was.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I move to amend the
amendment by making the amount appropriated
in this paragraph, $4,200. That I understand will
make it conform to the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury. It seems to me that there must
have been a clerical error in putting in the amount
of $5,900. The amount appropriated last year for
the salaries of additional clerks, messengers, and
watchmen in the office of the Assistant Treasurer
at Boston was #1,200; and the estimates sent to
us this year are "for additional amount required
for clerks and messengers in the office of the As-
sistant Treasurer at Boston, $3,000"—making the
entire sum called for, $4,200.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentleman
from New York had paid attention to the com-
munication presented by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means from the Secretary of
the Treasury, he would have observed that the
Secretary thinks not only that the increase called
for in his estimate is necessary, but that $1,700
more is needed.
It must be obvious to the committee that the
duties of the Assistant Treasurers at Boston, New
York, and Philadelphia have been very much in-
creased. I do not think it would be an over esti-
mate to say that their duties are ten times as great
as they were before this rebellion took place.
Why, sir, it would not be possible for the gentle-
men who formerly had charge of that office to
merely count in and count out the gold, to say
nothing about counting in and counting out the
Treasury notes.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committeeof Ways and Means a question
in reference to the Assistant Treasurer at San Fran-
cisco. I find that the salaries of the Assistant
Treasurers at New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
Charleston, and St. Louis aie provided for, but 1
do not find any appropriation in this bill for the
Assistant Treasurer at San Francisco. He is also
the treasurer of the mint there. The question is,
is that officer provided for, or do the Committee
of Ways and Means contemplate providing for
him r
Mr. STEVENS. I am not sure that there is
any Assistant Treasurer at San Francisco.
Mr. SARGENT. There is, and he is also
treasurer of the mint.
Mr. STEVENS. He is paid, I presume, as
treasurer of the mint. 1 believe there is no such
distinct officer there as sub-Treasurer.
IVJr. SARGENT. I am informed that there is.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not find any estimate
for sucli an officer.
Mr. SARGENT. I will examine the matter,
and offer an amendment in the House, if 1 find it
necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will look at
page 28 of the bill, he will find an apptopnation
for the salaries of the superintendent, treasurer,
assayer, &c., of the mint at San Francisco.
Mr. SARGENT. I am satisfied.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line seven hundred and
eighty-three:
For -alarum of clcrk«, messengers, and laborers in the
office of the A^^tant Tiea*mei at St. Louh. .«4,o00.
Thife amendment is rendered necessary by the
great increase in the business of this office, and is
in accordance with the recommendation of the
Department. We provided m the deficiency bill
for the compensation of these persons up to the
close of the present fiscal year. This is for the
next year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. I move tcr reduce the appropri-
ation in lines seven hundred and ninety-sewn and
seven hundred ara ninety-eight, to §1,000; so that
the clause will read: " For compensation to the
publicgardener, $1,000." I offer the amendment
more for the purpose of endeavoring to obtain
some information in regard to this public garden
than I do for the purpose of beginning retrench-
ment upon so small an item of expenditure; for
while the most extravagant expenditures are fre-
quently passed without objection in these'appro-
priation bills, it would seem useless to attempt
retrenchment in so small an expenditure as this.
I understand this appropriation to be for the
payment of the gentleman who superintends some
two or three greenhouses near the Capitol grounds.
In the two years that I have been here, I have
never been able to ascertain of what value that
institution is to any person; certainly it is none
to the country at large. I believe it costs some
seven or eight thousand dollars a year; and I have
never known any benefit to be derived from it,
except it be that, by enjoying the special favor of
the gentleman who superintends it, certain gen-
tlemen of the two Houses of Congress obtain a
small package of cuttings and plants to send to
their homes, the transportation of which costs
more than they arc worth.
Mr. HOLMAN". The gentleman from Ohio is
mistaken in supposing that this appropriation is
to pay the salary of the gentleman who superin-
tends the botanical garden. The appropriation
for that purpose has been made in another bill.
The public gardener has not charge of the botan-
ical garden, nor indeed of any other garden, but
of the public grounds pertaining to the Capitol:
and he is not, I believe, in any way connected,
directly or indirectly, with the public garden from
which the cuttings, seeds, and so forth are dis-
tributed
Mr. ALLEN. If the appropriation is not to be
applied in tlie direction in which Isupposed itwas,
of course I do not insist on my amendment. I
withdraw it.
Mr. TIlAlN. I move to strike out the seven
hundred and ninety-ninth and eight hundredth
hues, which are as follows:
For compensation of twenty-two laborers employed in
the public grounds, §13,200.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-one laborers
employed in the public grounds, $13,400.
Mr. Chairman, the committee will sec that this
amendment increases the appropriation in the sum
of $200. I will briefly state the object of it. There
are twenty-two men employed by "the Government
whose business it is to take care of the streets, the
public squares, the trees, and all that soi tof thing,
at a yearly compensation of $600 each. There is
no man to supeiintend those laborers except the
public gardener, who never can go with them at
all, and the result of it is that they go wandering
about the city, every man having as much author-
ity as any other man, without any " boss" over
them, and they £et ahead pretty much after their
own fashion. Now, what I desire is to increase
the compensation without increasing the number
of men, so that there shall be a foreman whoshall
have charge of these men at a compensation of
$200 more than the otheis receive, and who will
be enabled to control these men and see that they
perform their duties propeily and promptly. I
think the committee will readily acquiesce in that
arrangement.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I call for a division on the
amendment.
The committee divided, and there were—ayes
54, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for tellers.
Jt is very desirable that we should get through
•with this bill to-day. 1 hope the gentleman from
Indiana will not insist on a division, so as to bieak
up the committee.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Train and
Kellogg, of Michigan, were appointed.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume there isaquorum
heie, and as the temper of the committee seems
to be in favor of an increase of sajaiies 1 waive
my opposition to the amendments
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to insert after line eight
hundred and twenty-eight, the folio wing:
To enable the Commissioners of Public Building* to em-
ploy a keeper oi the tlueelurnaees under the old Hall of the
iiousse of Xlepie&entauvfs, $-000,
For a deficiency for the present fiscal year for Iteming
said furnaces, nine months, $400. "
I ask that a letter in relation to this matter from
the Commissioner of Public Buildings be read.
The Clerk read the letter;as follows: : '
Office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
Capitol of the United States,
Washington City, January 28; 1862.
Sir: When the occupancy of the n* w Hall was com-
menced by the House ofRepresentatives, thef urnace-keep-
ers of the furnaces under tlie old Hall were transferred to
those under the new, as I have been informed. It was
speedily ascertained that it was necessary, for the preser-
vation of the old Hall, that the fires in the furnaces should
be kept up; and there being an unexpended balance of
some appropriation applicable thereto, my predecessor em-
ployed a man to attend to them When that appropriation
was exhausted, by an arrangement with the Committee of
Account's of the House, a furnace-keeper was paid out of
the contingent fund. Soon after I entered upon the duties
of this office—in September last—a representation was made
to mc embracing the facts above stated, and that a furnace-
keeper must be appointed; and I authorized a man to go
and take charge of the furnaces. The Committee of Ac-
counts, I now understand, decline paying him, and the fires
are not kept up. The consequence is that water is at this
moment dripping from the columns and the roof, and lie
atmosphere of the Hall is like that of a cellar. To say noth-
ing of the liability of thffsc constantly passing through it to
contract disease, the Hall itsflf is being injured very mate-
rially, and tlie furnaces, which are valuable, are going fast
to decay.
Under these circumstances, I respectfully ask that an
appt opriation of$400 as a deficiency, and of $600 per annum,
may be made to pay a keeper of the three furnaces under
the old Hall of the House of "Representatives.
Respectfully, yours,
B. B. FRENCH,
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Hon. Charles It Train,
Chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, Hottsc of Representatives of United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
clause: " For incidental expenses of the several
land offices, $40,000." I find, on examining the
appropriations of last year, that "for incidental
expenses of the several land offices" $25,000 was
appropriated. This bill proposes to increase the
amount ^15,000. It must be known to every citi-
zen of this coun try that the expenses of these land
offices have immensely diminished. We are sell-
ing no public lands, and no entries of any conse-
quence are being made in any of the Territories
of the United States; and yet, instead of the ex-
penses of keeping up this department of the Gov-
ernment being diminished, there is an absolute
and very considerable increase. I do not believe
that the country is going to stand this. I^Jo not
believe that we can go before the people with any
hope of being supported in our efforts to sustain
the ci edit of the Government, when, so far as this
branch of Congress is concerned, not one single
effort is made 10 dimmish expenses; but when,
on the contrary, a tendency to increase the ex-
penses of the Government is manifested in every
movement. The Post Office Department, I think,
shows this fact. Its expenses have been increased
$20,000 by an addition of twenty-five clerks in a
bianch of the Department in which, under pre-
vious Administrations, twelve clerks have been
able to manage the entire business. Up to this
moment—if I except the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege—not one single movement towards
retrenchment has been inaugurated by this branch
of Congress. I tremble for the consequences of
this absence of an effort upon our part to convince
the people that Congress, rising up to the emer-
gencies of this hour, and feeling the necessity that
each citizen feels that he should make some sac-
nfice for the public good, is determined to apply
the most rigid rules of economy to every appro-
priation that is sought to be made, whether it be
great or small.
It is no use for gentlemen to say, wait until the
large items come up. Unless we apply the knife
to prune this tree ofextravagance which has grown
up in times of gi cat prosperity and of great profli-
gacy and extravagant expenditures—unless we
apply it to every item, no matter how small and
no matter what it is, when the large items are
reached they will be forced through this House
and through the Senate by their own weight. I
believe that the country can entertain no hope of
economy unless it sees it commenced in reference
to those very matters which are peculiarly under
our control—the legislative and personal expenses
of the Government itself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will not pretend that the repeal of the law
authorizing franking is retrenchment and reform*
