1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Object of the War—Mr. WiUey.
Senate.
eral Government, wilh a northern Presidentm the :
chair of the Executive, enforced the law at the
point of the bayonet. The South asked for the
Missouri compromise, and got it; and then the
South asked for its repeal, and got that. What
reasonable demand of the South was ever denied?
To the credit and honor of the North, I answer—
none! none!
Thus may we speak of the past; but what of
the future? The pretense was that the Republi-
can party intended to abolish slavery in the States
wherever it existed, or, in some manner, to assail
it detrimentally. Mr. President, I am not a mem-
ber of the Republican party. I opposed to the
extent of my poor ability the election of Mr. Lin-
coln; and I have nothing to regret or to retract.
But, sir, I never believed that it contemplated any
interference with the domestic institutions of the
slave States Whatsoever else may be obnoxious
in the avowed principles, or in the actual admin-
istration of the Government by this party, it is
not, I think, justly liable to animadversion in this
respect. Sucli a design lias been expressly re-
pudiated by every respectable exponent of the
Republican party from the commencement of its
organization. The fourth resolution in the Chi-
cago platform, on which Mr. Lincoln is elected,
explicitly declares:
" That the maintenance inviolate of the lights, and espe-
cially the right of eacli State, to oidei and contiol its own
domestic institutions accoidmgto its own judgment exclu-
sively, is essential to that balance of powt'r un winch the
perfection and endurance ot' our political fabric depend:?.55
I have seen nothing in the administration of the
Government, as yet, which would warrant any
just apprehension of a departure from this avowal
of constitutional obligation, and there have not
been wanting exigencies to test its fidelity. If
anything could cause it to swerve from the right
line of constitutional duty on this point, it would
be the unholy rebellion of the slave States, which
are waging a relentless war upon it. And yet 1
remember with what supreme satisfaction I read
the proclamation issued to the people of Virginia
by General McClellan, when he first entered that
Commonwealth, declaring there should be no in-
fringement of the rights of slaveholders, and that
all attempts at servile insurrection should he sum-
marily suppressed. I refer with equal satisfac-
tion to the entire unanimity with which Congress,
at the last session, resolved that the war, brought
upon the country by the South, should be prose-
cuted with the sole purpose of suppressing the
rebellion, and restoring the Government to its le-
gitimate constitutional supremacy, and that when
these purposes were accomplished the war should
cease.
In harmony with this avowal was the act of
Congress for the confiscationofproperty employed
in aiding and supporting the rebellion. The rights
of the loyal slaveholder were sedulously guarded,
and the determination of the Government not to
interfere with the institution of slavery especially
manifest. And so it was, when GencralFivmont,
by his proclamation, proposed a different policy,
he was promptly rebuked by the President, and
commanded to revoke his unauthorized proceduie.
I might multiply proofs; I cannot forbear to men-
tion another. When General Sherman disem-
barked his troops at Beaufort, in the very flush of
a glorious victory, he does not, as the represent-
ative of the Government, forget his consti tutional
obligation as an officer or as u citizen, but by his
proclamation to the people of South Carolina,
doing equal cred it to his head and his hea rt, assured
even that rebellious State that "he had come
among them with no feelings of personal animos-
ity, no desire to harm her citizens, destroy their
property, or interfere with any of their lawful
rights, or their social and local institutions." Gen-
eral Dix reiterated the same sentiments. And
now, sir, the President of the United States, in
his late message, crowns these repeated demon-
strations of fidelity to the Constitution, with his
official sanction and authority. I honor him for
it; and pledge to lnm the support of the loyal
citizens of Virginia, so long as he adheres to his
present position.
Sir, this apprehension, real or assumed, ot un-
constitutional aggression upon slavery in theStates
where it exists, is without reasonable cause.
But it was alleged that there could be no mis-
New Series—No. 3.
apprehension of the purpose of the Republican
party, by congressional intervention, to exclude
the South from carrying their slaves into the Fed-
eral Territories. I am sorry to be compelled to
admit that this objection is well taken. Now, I
am free to declare that by no active agency of mine
shall the area of slavery ever be extended. I wilf
never aid in its diffusion. As a slaveholder,
believing that under existing circumstances the
welfare—moral, physical, and religious—of the
African race requires that they should be, for the
present at least, kept ill bondage, I say this. But
sworn as I am to support the Constitution, I will
concur in no act which shall deprive any citizen
or any section of any constitutional right. Con-
sulting my own opinion of the powers of-Congress
under the Constitution, I should have had little
hesitation in saying that the recognition or the
exclusion of slavery in the Territories was entirely
a matter of legislative discretion; and in the exer-
cise of such discretion, I repeat, that by 110 active
agency of mine should slavery ever be established
where it had not existed. The Territories are the
common heritage of all the people; and I would
leave them to be settled by any or all of the peo-
ple, from every section, without restriction as to
the character of the property which they might
carry with them. If the slaveholder wanted to
go there with his slaves, let him do so, and lot
him abide the result of the popular determination
when the timtf arrived for the organization of the
Territory into a State Taking the responsibility
of carrying his slaves into the Territory, let him
encounter the risk of the character of the consti-
tution which may be ordained. Such is my poor
view of congressional power in the premises, and
of the proper policy to bo adopted in the exercise
of it. But, sir, my opinion must yield to better
authority. The Supreme Court uf the TJnited
States is the constitutional exponent of disputed
principles of constitutional law. As acitizen,and
especially as an humble member of this august
body, I bow with implicit submission and loyalty
to the judgment of this great constitutional arbiter.
Sir, in my estimation, any other course will be
disastrous in the extreme—prolific of anarchy,
and subversive of the foundations and security of
all popular go vei nment. Submission,unqualified
submission, to the arbitrament of the Supreme
Court is the great sheet-anchor of our safety. Let
it be understood that Congress is not bound by
its decisions and interpretations of constitutional
law, and what would be the result? The sense
of the Constitution would vary with the political
complexion of the party in powe'r. To-day it
would mean one thing; to-morrow it would mean
another. The rights of the people would become
the sport of party spirit, and theorderand secur-
ity of society would be convulsed and upheaved,
and confusion becoming perpetually worse con-
founded would ensue, until the whole benefit of
established government would be lost.
What if the Supreme Coui t err in its judgment >
This is possible—nay it is probable. Lhitin such
case we are not remediless. Let the error be cor-
rected by an amendment of the Constitution in the
mode prescribed in that instrument; and let the
matter of dubious construction, and the errors of
the Supreme Court, be obviated by terms which
shall not admit of misconstruction. My Lord
Coke, longago, said in reference to this principle,
"certainty is the mother of repose." We can
have no certainty, no repose, no security, no lib-
erty, no good government, unless weabide by the
judgment of the judiciary m questions of consti-
tutional law. Bat, sir, I find myself departing
from my purpose not to be drawn into an argu-
ment upon abstiact principles ol government. I
come back to the facts and legitimate deductions
from facls proving that this rebellion is without
justification.
And now, sir, I inquire what has the Republi-
can party done, since the avowal of its policy,
to exclude slavery from the Territories? Why,
sir, with a decided majority in the other branch
of Congress, it has allowed several territorial gov-
ernments to be organized without intervention to
exclude slavery. The South was at perfect lib-
erty to emigrate there with their slaves if they
thought proper. Will it be a sufficient reply to
this fact to allege, as southern politicians have
alleged, thatohis libe.rality on the part of the North
would never have been manifested if it had not
been known that the soil and climate of those
Territories were of such a character as to practi-
cally preventtheexistenceofslaverythere. Grant
the fact; what wrong has the North done to the
South ? Was the North responsible for the climate
and soil? Sir, this outcry against the North in
regard to these Territories applies only to the God
of nature; and, so far as secession is predicated
upon the exclusion of slavery from any of the
present Territories of the United States, it is a
revolt against the inexorable laws of nature and
Providence. The spirit which dictated it is akin
to the spirit which inspired the angelic i-evolt in
Heaven. May its overthrow be as complete.
But, sir, the South itself being judge, I aver
there was in the policy and administration of the
General Government in reference to the Federal
Territories no justcause of complaint. I need not
remind the Senate that this averment is authori-
tatively admitted in the official action of southern
Senators on this floor. Senators all remember the
resolution of Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, offered
for the consideration of this body only a few
months prior to Mr. Lincoln's election. I will
road it:
" Resolved, That experience Having already shown that
the Constitution and the common law, unaided by statutory
piovisions, do not afford adequate and sutlicifintprotectioii
to slave pioperty, some of the Territories having failed,
otln-is having refused to pass such enactments, it has be-
come the duty of Congress to interpose and pass such laws
as will itfford to slave property m the Territories that pro-
tection which is given to other kinds of property.
"The yeas and nays being demanded on the adoption of
this amendment, it was decided in the negative by the fol-
lowing vote:
" Yeas—Messrs. Brown, Johnson of Arkansas, and Mal-
iory—3.
'■ Nays— Messrs. lienjainin, Blgler, Bra";, Bright, Cliee-
nut,Clark,Clay, Ciingniaii, Crittenden,Davis,Dixon, Doo-
little, Tiupturick, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Gwin,
Hamlin, Harian, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Tennessee. Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,Pcaice, Polk,
Powell, Push, Rice, Sebastian, Slidell/i'en Eyek, Thomp-
son, Toombs,Tiumbuil, Wigfall, Wilson,and Yulee—42."
Every southern Senator, excepting three only,
voted against this resolution, thereby acknowl-
edging that down to that day, at least, there was
no territorial grievance requiring redress.
Indeed, the act of secession logically implies
that the exclusion of slavery from the Territories
was not considered to bean intolerable grievance;
for secession is a voluntary and final abandon-
ment and surrender to the North of all claim to
them by the South.
Mr. President, how utterly absurd are all the
pretexts of the insurgents for their rebellion.
Granting, forthe sake ofargument, thatthe policy
and purposes of the Republican party were justly
obnoxious to the animadversion which lias been
heaped upon them, what had the South to fear?
If the South l^d remained loyal to the Govern-
ment, and its Representatives in this and the other
house had remained in their seats, what could
your President or your party have accomplished
prejudicial or objectionable to the South ? Sir,
you were powerless to do us barm. Your Presi-
dent could not have appointed a member of his
Cabinet without our concurrence. With a clear
majority in both branches of Congress against
you and your party, your hands were tied. No
minister to a foreign court could have represented
this Government against the consent of the South.
No law could have been enacted which was not
acceptable to the South. The finances, that om-
nipotent lever of political power, were under the
control of the majority opposed to your party and .
your policy. You were completely dependent on
us for the means of administering the Government.
Sir, I am recounting facts. And yet, Bir, with all
the power and control of the Government and of
the Republican party m the hands of the South,
secession commences. South Carolina recalls
her Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Mississippi follows her example. Other States
tread in their rebellious wake—all crying aloud us
they go against the overshadowing power of the
North, which was all the time in the minority;
till at length by the defection of State after State,
our majority here was destroyed, and we of the
border States, hitherto secure in our conservative
principles, alike aloof from the ultraisra of the
extremists North and South, and fortified^ by pur
majority here, were left ill a helpless minority,
standing as it were " between the devil and the
