THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D.
C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1862.
New Seiues...
. 158.
paid day, shall use or intend to use any such still or mils,
or implements, as aforesaid, either as owner, agent, or
otherwise, shall, befoie he shall begin to use «fuch still or
Ptill>, or other implements in lieu thereof, for the put pose
of distilling spirituous liquors, apply for, in writing, and ob-
tain from the collector appointed under this act, for the
collection district in winch they are located, (or to the
deputy of such colleetoi duly authoiized,) a license for
using such still oi stills, or other implements, a* aforesaid;
and each such license heieafter to be granted &hall remain
in force until the 1st day of June next after the date theieof,
and no longer; which f.censcs shall respectively be gi anted
upon the pavmeht, by such owner oi agent, as aforesaid, of
the sum of fifty dollats: Provided, Thai licenses may be
giautfd under this act for any time not exceeding six
months, upon the pajment of twenty-five dollar: Jind
provided further, That distilleis of apples and peaches may
take a license for that business for the space of thiee months,
upon the payment ot .$12 GO: And piovided further, That
no licences shall be required for any still or other appa-
ratus used by druggists and chemists for the recovery of
alcohol for pharmaceutical and chemical purposes which
lias, been used in their processes.
* Mr. FESSENDEN". "We have inserted a sim-
ilar provision in another place where it is more
appropriate.
The next amendment was in section forty, page
42, line fifteen, after the word "superintendent,",
to inse't " he will;" and in line sixteen, after the
word 4 used," to strike out the words " he will."
The next amendment was in section forty, page
41, line twenty-three, after the word " imple-
ments," to insert the words, "and also of the
quantities of grain and other vegetable productions
or other substances put into the mash tub, or other-
wise used by him, his agent, or superintendent for
the purpose of producing spirits."
The next amendment was in the same section,
line twenty-seven, after the word " 1st," to in-
sert " 10th and 20th;" and in line twenty-eight,
to strike out" and insert" five;" so that the
clause will read: " and that he will render to the
said collector, on the 1st, 10th, and 20th days of
each and every month, or within five days there-
after,"&c.
The next amendments were in the same section,
line thirty-one, before the word " by," to insert,
"and sold or removed for consumption orsalc;"
and after the word " superintendent," in the same
line, to insert, " and the proof thereof. And also
of the quantities of grain or other vegetable pro-
ductions or other substances put into the mash
tub, or otherwise used by him, his agent, or super-
intendent, for the purpose of producing spirits;"
and after the word " the," in the same line, to in-
sert the words period or fractional part of a;"
and in the thit t y-foui th line, to stiike out the words
" the forty-fifth section of;" so that the clause will
read:
An exact account, in writing, taken fiom Ins books of
the numbet of gallons of spirits distilled by him, and sold
oi removed for consumption or -ale by him, his agent, or
supeuntendent, and the pi oof theieof. And also tin- quan-
tities of giain oi other vegetable pioduetions or other sub-
stances put into the ma-h tub, orotheiwi-e u^ed by him,
hw agent, or supeuntendent lor the pmpo.-cot producing
spirit", for the peiiod oi fractional put of a month then next
pieceding the date of said report, which said icport shall
be voniied by affidavit in the manner piesciibed by tins act.
The next amendment was in the same section,
after line thirty-four, to insert, " and that he will
not sell or permit to be sold,or removed for con-
sumption or sale, any spirits distilled by him
under and by virtue of his said license, until the
same shall have been inspected, gauged, and
proved, and the quantity thereof duly entered
upon his books as aforesaid."
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to the chair-
man of the committee whether there ought not to
be another condition inserted there in viewof the
amendment made subsequently, that he wili not
permit these spirits to be removed until the quan-
tity shall have been ascertained, and bond given
as provided by a subsequent amendment. 1 am
not certain how the amendment stands.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. The amendment stands
as drawn, with some amendments by the Senator
fiom Illinois, [Mr. Browxi.kg.] No bond is re-
quiied for removal, except the removal is for the
purpose of exportation.
Mr. HOWE. And then there is to be a permit
obtained ? „ , .
Mr FESSENDEN. Yes, to export; but it
158
must be inspected, gauged, and proved, and the
quantity entered on the books, so that that need
not be varied at all.
Mr. HOWE. That need not be varied; but
ou°-ht not the bond contain a condition that he
will not remove it without getting a permit, as is
provided subsequently?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know. I wish
the Senator would look at it, and amend it after-
wards, if necessary.
Mr. HOWE. Would it bo in order then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is an amend-
ment to an amendment, it should be done now.
Mr. HOWE. It is an amendment to an amend-
ment, as I understand, and should be part of the
conditions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
can be passed over for a separate vote, and the
Senator can prepare a separate amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose it may be con-
sidered as adopted, unless an amendment should
be subsequently offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be regarded
as adopted, unless the Senator shall perfect an
amendment, and in that contingency it will be re-
garded as not having been acted upon.
Mr. HOWE. It will depend upon the action
of the Senate upon some other propositions.
The next amendment was in section forty-two,
page 44, line two, to strike out " before" in the
word " hereinbefore;" and in line five to strike
out11 May" and insert " July."
The next amendment was in line six of the same
section, to strike out" fifteen" and insert " twen-
ty."
Mr.FESSENDEN. Thatamendmentincreases
the duty on spirits of first proof to twenty cents.
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons]
desires that that may be reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be reserved.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line twelve, after the word " by," to strike out
the words, " the following section of."
The next amendment was to insert, after sec-
tion forty-three, the following as a new section:
Sec.— Ani he it further marled, That Ihnc s-h.il! lie
dp-jiffnati'tt hy (he ooll.'Ctor in t'voiy assessment ilistiirt
wlicie the same may be necessary one oi more msjieetois,
wJio sliull l.Ike tin oatli l.utlilully to peiioim their duties
in such form a- the Cuimmfe-ioncr ol" Internal Revenue
shall piesenbe, null who shall lie entitled to receive such
tees as may he fixed and prescnhetl by .said Commissioner.
And all ►pints distilled as albiesaid liv any person licensed
as atoresaid shall, belore the same is u-ed, or lemoved tor
consumption or sale, he inspected, gnuerd, mid proved hy
some pei-on so as al'oiesaid designated toi the peiioruiance
ot" such duties, and who -hall mark upon the cask or other
package containing such spirits,in a manner to be presei ibed
b\ said Connuissionei, the quantity and proof ol the con-
tents of such cask or package, with the date of inspection
ami tiie name of the inspector. And any person who shall
attempt fiatiduleiitlv to evade the payment ot duties upon
any spirits distilled as aloiesaid, hy eliansim; m any nuu-
ner tlie maik upon any such cask or package, shall ioileit
the sum of for each cask or package so alteied or
changed, to be reeoveied as heremhetoie piovided. And
the tees of such inspector shall in all eases be paid by the
owner of the spint' so inspected, canned, and proved. And
anv such inspeetoi who shall knowinsly put upon any such
cask or puckiise any false orlraudulentmarkshall he liable
to the same pen.iltv hereinbefore provided tor each cask oi
package so Iraiidiilently marked. And any person who
.shall use any cask 01 package so in.irked, for the pilipose
ofselllngspiiitsot ,t quality ditreientfronuh.it so inspected,
sliall be subject to a like penalty foi each cask or package
so used.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing; as a new section:
Sec.— And he-it further enacted ^ That the owner or
owdch of anv disttlleiy may eiect, at m- or their own ex-
ncusp, a warehouse ot iron, stone, or brick, with metal
ioof. or othei fne-ptoof loof, to ho contiguous to such dis-
tiliciv; ami such warehouse, when apptoved hy the col-
lector, i- iiciobv declared a bonded w aiehouse of the United
States, and -hall ho UM-d only ior*imin« distilled spirits, and
tobeundei the custody ol the collector or Ins assistant.
And the dutv on the s-pint- stored in mjcIi waiehouse shall
bo paid when and as it is sold ot lemoved fiom such ware-
house foi sale.
Mr. HARRIS. The word "assistant," in the
eighth line, should be " deputy.'* _
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; it should be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made if there be no objection.
The next amendments were in scction forty-
four, page 47, in line two, to strike out "May'*
and insert "July;" in line five, after the word
" liquors," to insert the words, " as hereinbefore
provided;" in line seven to strike out the word
"shall;" in line thirteen, after the word "dis-
tilled," to strike out the word " and," and to in-
sert i( by him, and also the number of gallons;"
in the same line, after the word " sale," to insert
the words "and the proof thereof;" in lino four-
teen, after the word "daytime" to insert the
words " Sundays excepted;" in line seventeen,
after the word " 1st," to insert " 30th and 20th,"
and to add a final " s," to the word " day;" in
line eighteen to stiike out "ten, "and insert4 'live;"
in line twenty-one, after the word " sale," to in-
sert "and the proof thereof;" in the same line,
after the word " the," to insert " period or frac-
tional part of a;" in line twenty-four, after the
word " ensue," to insert "and shall also keep a
book or books in a form to be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and to be
open at all seasonable hours for inspection by the
collector and assessorof the district, wherein shall
be entered from day to day the quantities of grain
or other vegetable productions or other sub-
stances put into the mash tub by him, his agent,
or superintendent, for the purpose of producing
spirits;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 4i. And be it further enacted, That every person
who, on the M d.iy of Jul v, 1862, shall be the owner of any
still, boiler, or other vessel, used or intended to be used for
the puipose of distilling spirituous liquors, as. hereinbefore
piovided, or who shall have such still, boiler, ot other ves-
sel undei Ins superintendence, either as agent for the owner
or on his own account, and every person who, after said
day, shall use or intend to use any still, boiler, oi other
vessel, a? aforesaid, either as ownei, agent, or otherwise,
shall fiom dav to day make true and exact entry, or cause
to be enteied, in ft book to be kept by him for that purpose,
thenumber of gallons of spii ituous liquois distilled by him,
and aNo the numbei of gallons sold, or removed for con-
sumption or sale, and the proof theieof, winch book shall
always be open in the daytime, Sundays excepted, for the
inspection of the said coliectoi, who may take any min-
utes. memorandum*-,oi tiansciiptsthereof, and shall render
to s;ud collector, on the Idt, 10th, smd 2Uth days of each
and every month m each >cai,ot within five days there-
alter, a general account in writing, taken fiom his books,
ot' the number of gallons of spmtuous liquors distilled
and sold, 01 removed for consumption or sale, and the proof
thereof for the period or iracuoual prut of a month pre-
ceding s.ud day. or tor Mich poition thereof as may have
elapsed fiom the date of said entiy and repoit to the said
day which shall neu ensue; and shall also keep a book or
books in a fotm to be pieseribcd by the Commissioner of
Internal Ltevenue,and to ly; open at all reasonable boms
(or inspection bv the collector arid assessor ot the district,^
wherein shall be enteied fiom day to day the quantities ot
tfiain or other vegetable pioduetions oi other r-ubstance put
into the ma^h tub by him, his agent, or superintendent, for
the purpo.-e ot pioduemg spiuts and shall verity or cause
to be venfied the Mud entries, icports, hooks, and general
account*, by oath or aflii mation, to be taken before the col-
iectoi or some othei officer authonzed by the laws of the
State to administer the * anie aecowling to the form jequirert
by this act, whete the same i*< pie-eribed; and shall also
pay to the collcctoi the duties which by this, act ought to
be paid on the ;-pirituons liquoi-, >o distilled and sold, or
temoved tor consumption or .sale, and in said accounts men-
tioned, at the time ot rendering an account thereof.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of section forty-lour the following proviso;
Provided, That m estimating the duty upon all distilled
Miirit* icmovcd to ativ place other than the place of distill-
ation, the.e shall bededueted fiom tliegro* num xi of gn -
lou  ,o lemoved all less lioiii lea cage, ii '
transit, oi otherwise; and the duly bliall te £«eaa d, ■col-
lected, and paid, upon the net number of g«dl°n> a(t( r the
deduction as aforesaid: Provided Jut titer, Ihat stieh de-
ducuons"hall in no case h«oc<1 five put cent, of me glOSS
quantity >o lemoved.
The next amendments were after section forty-
four, page 43, to insert the following as new sec-
tions:
Sco and be it further en act rd, That the collector of
iiiv dntnet mav grant a pennit to the owner or owners of
anv disullciy witlnn hi.s district to send or ship any spirits,
the pioduct of -aid di-tilleiy, a 11<• r the quantity and prout
theieof .shall have been ascertained by inspection aceoidlng
to the provision* ot this act. to any place without said dis-
tnctand within the United States ; andhiMteh case the bill
of lading or icecipt (which «hall he 111 such toini n< the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue nia> direet) of the same
shall be taken m the name of the collector of the distnct in
which the di-tilh.rv is .situate, nnd the spirits aforesaid shall
be consigned, in such b:il of lading or leceipt, to the col-
lector of the district m which the place is situate, whither
the spin ts is sent or shipped, and the amount of duties upon
