534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
commanding officer of the expedition, who was
Lieutenant Ives. The report in question was pre-
pared lialf by Lieutenant Ives, arid half by Dr.
Newberry, the geologist of the expedition. The
entire care of seeing the report through the press
devolved on Dr. Newberry, Lieutenant Ives hav-
ing been ordered to duty in California. The time
devoted to this duty, and the expense of several
visits to Washington, were given by Dr. New-
berry without compensation. Lieutenant Ives,
the commanding officer, has joined the confeder-
ate service, and therefore I think we shall all be
agreed has forfeited his right to the benefit of the
special appropriation which has been mentioned.
Dr. Newberry was to have received from Lieu-
tenant Ives a portion, not specified, of the extra
five hundred copies. The objcctof the resolution
is to meet this precise case, that the live hundred
copies set apart for Lieutenant Ives, he having
joined the confederate forces—I do not know
whether it is the army or navy—shall receive a
special direction; and it has seemed to me that the
natural and advisable direction to give them would
be that half should go to the geologist of the ex-
pedition, and the other half to the Smithsonian
Institution for distribution abroad. It is with that
view that I have offered this resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Chair fill the place of Mr. Lane, of Kansas,
upon the Committee on Military Affaits.
The motion was agreed,to; and Mr. Howard
was appointed.
CAVALRY TROOPS.
Mr. HOWE. I offered a resolution of inquiry
yesterday, which was laid over under objection.
I am very anxious to have the information which
that resolution calls for, and I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President l)C requested to inform the
Senate what nunibet of cavalry troop*. Ikivo been rai-ril (or
the service of the United State, in eaehol'tlio .states of the
Union, distinguishing those winch have been mounted in
the several States fiom those which have not; also to in-
form the Senate what portion nf these troop? are required
for the efficiency of the service.
The resolution was agreed to.
SEC RIOT SESSIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no othei
morning business, the resolution submitted by the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] is before the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the precise form
of the resolution now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will bo rend.
The Secretary read the resolution as it has been
amended, as follows:
!>)
3 joint ruh'H ot the two
IIout.es:
29. Whim, during, the present lcbellion, any member of
the. Senate or Hou^e of ltepiefsentiiuvch shall use in his
place and stale that the Executive desucs immediate action
of Congress upon any matter peitaimng to rhc suppression
of the present rebellion, then, on n motion made and sec-
onded to shut the doofr,tho President of the Senate, or the
Speaker of the Hou&e of Rcpicsentatives, as the case may
be, shall ducct the pallet y tobecJeaied; and when the doors
mo shut, after heamig the statement by the member of the
reasons why a secret session is debited, and if any one ob-
ject*, hearing one member in leply, the question shall be
detennined without debate; and should the proceeding* in
secret session be oidered, then the coiiMdeiation of the
matter in question shall he proceeded with to the exclusion
of all other bunnes*; until Mich matter is disposed of. Dur-
ing such session no communication shall be received or
made to or from any pcis.on not a memhci then present, ex-
cept through the Pie&ident ot the Senate or the Speaker of
the House; and a bieneh of secrecy of any matter trans-
acted during such session (unless the injunction of seciecy
|>c removed) by any Senator or Representative shall bo pun-
ished by expulsion ; and if committed by any ofiicei ot
either body, or other person, such punishment shall be in-
flicted as the body to which he belongs may impose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] was adopted, with
a view to offer a substitute which I think will
answer the purpose, and will he satisfactory.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest to the Senator from Ohio that if he proposes
a substitute for the lesohuion, it will be in order
to off-r it without reconsidering the vote adopting
the amendment.
Mr, SHERMAN. Then I will adopt the sug-
gestion of the Chair, and submit as a substitute
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring
That the following bo added to the joint rulen ot the t\v
for the first clause of the resolution the following,
which I think will meet the objection of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and accomplish what is
desired:
When, during the present rebellion, any member of the
Senate oi House of Representatives shall lise in his place
and state that the Presidentdesires the immediate action of
Congress upon any matter pertaining to the suppression of
the present rebellion, the galleries of the House in which
the statement is made shall be immediately cleared, and
after such member shall state the action desxied by the Pres-
ident, and the reasons for immediate action, such House
shall determine without debate whether the proposed meas-
ure shall be considered. If decided in the affirmative, de-
bate shall be confined to the subject-matter, and be limited
to five minutes by any membei; and the final vote shall be
taken before adjournment, unless two thiids of the mem-
bers present otherwise older: Provided, That any member
shall be allowed five minutes to explain or oppose any pei-
tment amendment: Jlnd provided, That this lule shall not
a'ffect the opeiation of the previous question m the House
of Representatives.
Mr. "WADE. If I understand the import of
this amendment, it varies from the resolution which
I first proposed, only in this: that after the galle-
ries are cleared we are first to decide whether we
will consider the proposition; and it limits debate
to five-minute speeches, unless two thirds of the
Senate or House of Representatives shall extend
the time. Is that it?
Mr. SHERMAN. It differs from my colleague's
proposition in this: that on the statement of a
member the galleries are to be cleared, and then
the body is to determine at once by a majority
whether it will consider the subject-matter; and,
if that is determined in the affirmative, it then pro-
ceeds to consider it, section by section. Each mem-
ber is not only authorized to speak five minutes
on the subject-matter, but he is allowed the same
latitude in offering or opposing an amendment.
In this way you have a very general latitude of con-
versational debate—five-minutes debate—which
may be extended a great while. Then I require
the subjcct to be disposed of before adjournment,
unless two thirds of the body think it should be
postponed. I have here to say that I have no
doubt this will never be resorted to except in rare
cases. A majority will always have it in their
power, after hearing the reasons for immediate
action, to determine whether they will take action
or not. As a matter of course, this body will
never restrain debate unless there is very good
reason for it. I do not believe that practically
there will be any difficulty in the way; if there
shall be, the rule can bu modified. The reason
why I have put in the five-minutes limitation is
because that was the limit prescribed by my col-
league's resolution. If that is too short, it may
be extended, though I think conversational debate
of five minutes on any measure likely to be brought
before us in secret session will be the most effect-
ive form of debate.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to the amend-
ment; I think it answers just as well as the orig-
inal resolution. It limits debate to five minutes.
I have bem ni the House of Representatives and
noticed the five-minutes debates there, and 1 be-
lieve they elucidate the subject and really do better
for practical legislation than the long harangues
which some gentlemen seem to suppose lam very
apt to make here. [Laughter.] I am therefore
content with this amendment, and shall not op-
pose it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, to the amend-
ment winch is proposed, I have two objections.
One is, that m the past history of the country, the
Senate, being a smaller body in numbers than the
Ho use of Representatives, has always been able
to get through with its business without any at-
tempt by the power of a majority to hmitdebate.
It has several times been attempted to introduce
such a rule, but it has always been rejected. I
believe that, in a representative body such as ours,
such action is always unwise unless there be a
case of positive necessity. The other objection I
make is, as to the limitation of the authority ofa
majority^ of the Senate itself. According to this
proposition, the Senate are to determine first
whether they will consider the subject-matter, and
if they agree to consider it they are compelled to
dispose of it before adjourning, though a major-
ity may think it unwise to decide it at that ses-
sion without adjournment. I do not believe a rule
of that kind, which limits the discretion of ama-
jouty of the body as to whether it is proper to
dispose of the subject-matter at that particular
day of the session, or whether it shall be continued
to another day, is wise. I think that right ought
always to be left to a majority of the body.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to my friend, I will.
simply say,that a majority may at any time lay
a subject on the table, and that disposes of it. It
is always in the power of a majority. A motion
to lay on the table would always be in order and
would always dispose of the subject; but if a ma-
jority of the Senate were determined to dispose
of the question, a minoiity should not be allowed
to prevent the disposition of the subject by the
passage of the pending proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I was early taught that that was
unwise, and therefore unsafe, legislation which
did not seek to rectify some existing evil or to
prevent the perpetration of some wrong. I still
think so, as a general principle. Now, I should
like to know from gentlemen who are desirous
that this resolution shall pass, what evil it is that
they seek to rectify. Has any man ever risen in
his place herein the Senate and proposed that this
body should go into secret session, and the Sen-
ate has refused to do it? Does any one suppose
that any Senator can rise in his placfe and state, in
his capacity as a Senator, that the public interests
require that we should have an executive session,
when the Senate would not immediately resolve
itself into secret session? If such an effort had
been made, and had been unsuccessful, or if any
Senator supposes that such an effort would be
unsuccessful if it were made, there might be some
reason for our adopting this resolution; but with-
out it, it seems to me there is no necessity at all.
But I object, sir, to the resolution itself. I do
not believe that it is proper for us to cripple the
power of a minority. I have been in a minority
all my life, Mr. President, until the present time;
and I am unwilling to say that when we get into
executive session a two-third vote may entirely
prevent a minority from expressing their views,
or, at any rate, confine them to only five minutes
in which to express them. I believe in publicity
inourdebates. Ifan extraordinary occasion shall
arise when it is necessary for us to go into exec-
utive session, I have no doubt the Senate will be
perfectly willing to resolve itself into executive
session. We have that rule upon our records now,
which requires us to do it upon the motion of any
two members of the Senate. Why do you want
to change it? Does any Senator assign any rea-
son why we should make the change?. Notatall.
I listened to the debate the other day, and I have
listened to-day, and I have not heard a single syl-
lable drop from any man why wc should change
the rule as it now exists.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to say a word in
regard to that portion of the proposition which
requires, when a member rises in his place and
calls for a secret session, that the body shall im-
mediately^ into secret session. Now, sir, to any
man of legislative experience in this or the other
body of this Congress, it will be very observable
that that mode of going into secret session will
occasion a good deal of invidiousness. It implies
that the man rising in his place to make such a
motion is a man who possesses the peculiar con-
fidence of the Executive, and who knows the need
of their secret affairs. There are such members,
I hop<>, in the Senate. I do not know that there
are any; but I hope there are some. Still, how-
ever, it is hardly advisable for us to take proceed-
ings on a piesumption of that kind; for every
other Senator sitting around here might remark,
"Well, this man, it seems, stands very close up
to the President-, is m very hi^h favor that is not
extended to me; I am one of the outsiders, and I
am naked to take proceedings upon his confer-
ence." That, sir, is not pleasant. I do not ex-
pcct ever to be tried in any category of that kind;
but it is not pleasant at all/ I desire, therefore,
that we may go into these secret sessions in some
other mode, so as to avoid any such invidious-
ness. If the Executive wants us to have a secret
session, let hirri communicate to us through our
Presiding Officer; and so also in the House of Rep-
resentatives; and let him inform us that he is le-
quested by the Executive to say that such a ses-
sion is needed, and that the subject-matter of it
will belaid before the body whenever they resolve
themselves into that session. I desire that such
an amendment as that may be made, i think it
will be better for peace it it should be made; it
certainly will be better for good feelm*-.
Mi. SHERMAN. When the subject was be-
