36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 19 and 20,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Object of the War—-Mr. Willey.
Senate.
laws have placed it, and await the progressive
influences of that blessed Christianity, which, in
God's own time, shall redeem and regenerate the
human race.
But, sir, it may nevertheless be so that slavery
does tend to foster in the feelings and mind of the
slaveholder sentiments averse to the perfect level
of natural and political equality upon which the
system of American republican institutions is
based* Labor is not so reputable in sharehold-
ing as it is in non-sTaveholdmg communities; and
although the laws do not create or tolerate any
distinctions predicated upon this fact, we find
them existing with a power and influence as in-,
exorable as if they were a part of the Constitu-
tion. I remember the startling effect of a passage
in the speech which the eloquentPreston,sentas
a commissioner from South Carolina to the late
Virginia convention at Richmond, made before
that body. Said he:
"Southern civilization cannot exist without slavery.
None but an equal race can labor at the South. Destroy
Involuntary labor, and the Anglo-Saxon civilization mu t
be remitted to the latitudes from which it sprung1."
Sir, how I did wish that these remarkable sen-
tences could have reached the ears of the five mil-
lion laboring inhabitants in the South who own
no slaves! Whatever may be thecausc of this aris-
tocratic sentiment in the South, and especially in
the Gulf States, I shall leave the further discussion
of it to philosophers and statesmen. It is the fact
that I am at present considering; and that the fact
exists is, I think, indisputable. It will not be de-
nied that Judge Pratt, of South Carolina, is an
eminently able man, and may justly claim to be
considered an authoritative exponent of the views
of a large portion of the people of his section. In
a late elaborate article animadverting upon the
temporizing measures of the confederate States,
he says:
  The contest in not between the North and South as geo-
graphical sections, for between such sections merely there
can be no contest} nor between the people of the North and
the people of the South, for our relations have been pleas-
ant, ana on neutral grounds there is still nothing to csuauge
us. We eat together, trade together, and practice, yet, in
intercourse, with great respect, the cow testes of common
life. But the veal contest is between the two forms of so-
ciety which have become established—the one at the North
atui the other at the South. Society Is essentially different
from government—as different as is the nut from the burr, or
the nervous body of the shell-fish from the bony structure
which fciirrouiidH it; and within this Government two socie-
ties had bccouu: develops! as variant in Miueliuo and dis-
tinct in form as any two beings m animated nature. The
one is a society composed of one i.ieo, the other of two
racca. The one jh bound together but by the two great soeial
rotations of hutband and wife and patent and child; the
other by the three iclations of husband and wile, and parent
and child, and master and slave. The one embodies in its
political structure the principle that equality is the right of
man} the other that it is the right of equal •; only. The one
embodying the principle that equality is the right of man,
expand* upon the horizontal plane ot pure democracy; the
Other, embodying the principle that it is not the right of
man but of equals only, has taken to itself the lounded form
of asocial aristocracy. In the one there is hireling labor-
in the othei alave labor; in tiie one, therefore, In theoiy,at
least, labor Is voluntary ; in the other involuntary ; in the
labor of the one there is the elective franchise, intheothci
there is not; and,as labor 19 always in cxcessof direction,
in the one the power of government is only with the lower
classes j in the other the upper. In the one. thercfoie, the
reins oi Government come iromthe heels., in the other from
the head ofthc ociety; in the one It Is guided by the woist,
In the other by the best, intelligence; 111 the one it is from
Ihoee who have the least, in the other from those who have
the greatest, .stake in the continuance of existing oider."
Mr. President, Judge Pratt is by no means sin-
gular in his repudiation of the cardinal principle
of democratic institutions—the right of the ma-
jority to govern. The constitution of his State
confines the political power, in fact, to a compar-
atively small number; and the fundamental laws
of several of the other southern States, including
my own, have denied that population or suffrage
is the true basis of political power, but secure to
property a representation m the Legislature.
Mr. President, Mr. Jefferson enunciated the
axiom that "absolute acquiescence in the decis-
ions of the majority was the vital principle of
republics."' Thus he summed up the argument
in favor of adhering to the General Government
and preserving it:
if The preservation of the General Government in its
whoieeonstitutionai vigor as the sheet-anchor of ourpeace
at home and safety abtoad; a jealous caie of the right or
election by the people—a mild and safe corrective of abuses
wbieh are lopped by the sword of revolution where peace
abie. remedies are unprovided; and absolute acquiescence
in tlie dfexBioas of the majority-—the \ital principle «f re-
publics, from which there is no appeal but to force, the vital
principle and immediate parent of despotism."
But, sir, Mr. Preston, the South Carolina com-
missioner," to whom I have already referred, de-
livered a very different message to us last spring,
in the Virginia convention. He declared to us:
"In the free States, the simple, isolated,exclusive, sole
political principle is a pure democracy of mere numbers,
save a scarcely discernible modification, by a vague and
undefined form of representation. In these States there
can be no departure from this principle in its extremes! in-
tensity. The admission of the slightest adverse dementis
forbidden by the whole genius of the people and their insti-
tutions. It is as delicate in its sensitiveness as personal
right in England, or slavery in Uaiolina; It fettic vitalizing
principle, the breath of the life of northern socialism. The
almighty power of numbers is the basis of all social agree-
ment in the northern States. A fearful illustration ot this
is at this moment exhibiting its results in the Government
under which you are consenting tolive. That Government
was'instituted and appointed'to protect and secure equally
the interest ot the pints. By the agency of mere numbers,
one section has been icstrictod and another expanded in
territory; one section has been unduly and oppressively
taxed, and one section has been brought to imminent peril;
and in this hour the people of the North arc consulting
whether they can subjugate the people of the South by the
right of number.
"The ' government by the people' is equally the rule of
the South, but tho modification of the < rule of numbeis' is
so essential in the slave States, that it cannot coexist with
the same principle in its unrestricted foiin. In the South
it is controlled, perhaps made absolutely subject, by the tact
that the lecognition of a specific propei ty is essential to the
vitalization of the social and political oiganisms. If, then,
you auenipt to institute the rule of either form into the or-
ganism of the other, you instantly destroy the section you
invade. To proclaim to the North that numbers shall not
be absolute, would be as offensive as to proclaim the ex-
tinction of slavery in the South. The element of pioperty
w ould neuttalize the entue political system at the North ;
its exclusion would subvert the whole organism of the
South."
This is not the opinion of isolated individuals.
It is wide spread in the South. It is already in-
corporated, in some form or other, in the organic
laws of several of the States*, and other States aie
seeking to give it constitutional authority. Thus,
in the constitutional convention of Virginia, re-
cently in session, Mr. Stuart, formerly Secretary of
the Interior, as chairman of the committee having
the subject in charge, made a report, from which
I read the following extracts:
"Governments are instituted for the protection of the rights
of persons and propony; and any system must be radically
detective which does not give ample security to both. The
great interests of eveiy community may be classed under
the heads of labor and capital, and it is essential to the well
being of soeietv that the piopei equilibiium should be es-
tablished between these impoitant elements. The undue
piedominance of eithei must, eventually, piove destructive
ot the hoeial system. Capital belong-, to the tew—labor to
the many, in thoM nystem^ in which capital has the as-
cendency, the government niuit, to some extent, paitake
of the characterof oligarchy, whilst in those in which labor
is pi edom mant, the tendency is to what Mi. John Randolph
graphically described as < the despotism of king number '
-k In the opinion of your committee no system of govern-
ment can afiord permanent and effectual sccunty to life,
liberty, and property, which vests on the basis of unlimited
suffrage, and tiie election of otticeis of every department of
the government by the direct vote of the people."
Sir, great astonishment has been expressed at
the hostility of southern statesmen to popular ed-
ucation. But, sir, we ought not to be surprised at
it. Knowledge is power; and to keep the masses
ill ignorance "is a necessary precaution to keep
them in subjection. To maintain the oligarchy of
the few owning the capital, it is necessary to bind
down with the slavish chains of ignorance the
many who perform the labor. Hence, Mr. Stuart
connects with the recommendations which I have
just road, the following:
"This tendency to a conflict between labor and capital
has already manifested itself 111 many foims, comparatively
harmless, it is true, but nevertheless clearly indicative of a
spirit of licentiousness which must, m the end, ripen into
agrunamsm. It may be seen 111 tiie system of free schools,
by which the ehildten of the pooi are educated at the ex-
pense of the rich.'"
Sir, the true reason of this hostility to popular
education is hostility to democratic institutions.
I need not remind many of the mcmbeis of this
body with what pertinacity Mr. Calhoun resisted
the application of the majority principle to our
system of national government, as subversive of
the rights of the States. He warred upon this
great principle from the time of his Fort Hill ad-
dress, and before that time, down to the day of
his death, in the Senate, in popular addresses, and
in labored volumes of essays. Nor need 1 advert
to the mighty influence which this great man ex-
erted on southern opinion. Sir, there is a wide-
spread hostility all through the Gulf States, more
especially, to the great fundamental political right
of the majority to rule.
It will be remembered, moreover, that the head-
spring of this rebellion was in the very State
where, in the war of the Revolution, the attach-
ment of the people to the aristocratic institutions
of the mother country was the hardest to subdue.
This attachment was never wholly extinguished.
Flashes of the old aristocratic flame have often
gleamed out from the revolutionary ashes, as they
did recently, when Mr. Russell was assured by
many there that they longed to renew their alle-
giance to some descendant of the royal family of
England. Sir, there is a wonderful " hankering"
in South Carolina after the "flesh-pots of Egypt."
By referring to the January (1850) number of the
Democratic Review, I find an elaborately-written
article, from which I have taken the following
extract:
" The formation of the cotton States, with Cuba, into a
great cotton, tobacco, sugar and coffee-producing Union,
calling forth the boundless fertility of Cuba,and renovating
the West India Islands with the labor of the blacks of the
southern States, in those hands in which their labor and
numbers have thriven so well, and this empire annexed
to Britain, by treaties of peifect reciprocity, giving tfie
latter the command of the eastern commerce by way of
Nicaragua, and all the benefits of possession, without the
responsibility of slave ownership, would be a magnificent
exchange for the useless province of Canada."
And, sir, I find the following in the newspapers
of the day, giving some most significant antece-
dents of the present distinguished secretary of the
treasury of the so-called confederate government:
" I was very much surprised. Mr. Chairman, at the hon-
orable member's speech tiom Charleston, (Colonel Mem-
mniger,] who said he had rather South Carolina was at-
tached to the Government of Great Britain, as she was pre-
vious to the revoiuuonaiy war, than to remain a member
of this Union. Such an expression neither becomes an
American nor a Carolinian, and must have been uttered in
the heat of argument and declamation, without due consid-
eration."— B. F. Perry in the South Carolina Legislature
for 3850 -51.
In an address which this gentleman made be-
fore the Virginia Legislature a year or two ago,
he uttered sentiments as little m accord with the
spirit and genius of our American democracy.
1 recently cut from the National Intelligcnccr—
a paper which,by its wise,conservative,and pa-
triotic course through a long series of years, has
placed the friends of constitutional liberty under
the most lasting obligations—the following short
article:
"A Nascent Nomr.ity.-Tn the number of BeBow's
Review for July, 1860, is tin elaborate article fiom the pen
of George Fitzhugh, Esq., author of'Sociology for the
South,' and long a pionunent advocate of disunion. In the
article designated lie gives expies&ion to the following aspi-
lation :
"1 England ha<5 once tried to dispense with nobility, and
France twice, but each experiment was a failure. In Amer-
ica we have the aristocracy of wealth and talents, and that
aristocracy is somewhat hereditary. The landed austoc-
lacy ot the South, who own slaves, approach somewhat to
the English nobility. Time must determine whether the
1 quasi aristocracy ot the South has sufficient power, perma-
1 nenee, and privilege to give stability, dmability, and good
| order to society. It is sufficiently patriotic and con^civa-
j tive in its feelings, but, we fear, wants the powers, pnvi-
I leges, and prerogatives that the expeiience of all other
j countries has shown to be necessary.'
| "If such was Mr. Fitzhugh's fear while the South re-
mained in the Union and under the Constitution, we pre-
sume his hopes have consideiably risen since the outbreak
of the piesent war, for in the same aiticle he avows a pref-
erence lor a military government, as being the c most per-
I feet' known to man, and imputes it as <i fault to the Itepub-
j Iioan party that the more advanced of its number were
ij aveisc to wais Mr. Fitzhugh "s langunge under this head
!| isaslollows: (It will be seen that he finds the perfection
1} of military govet nment in tiie fact that it allows 'the least
II liberty' to its subjects.)
| "' The most peifect system of government is to be found
|| in (Uinies. because in them tlieie is least of liberty, and
ij most of oider, subordination, and obedience.' "
jl It is but a short time since Governor Brown, of
!j Georgia, chargcd upon the leaders of the secession
j movement in that State a design to establish
[j "A strong cential government, probably prefeinng, if
I they did not fear to risk an avowal o? their sentiments, a
limited monarchy, similar to that of Great Britain, or other
i1 foim of government, that will accomplish the same thing
under a diffeient name."
Only two or three days before the victory of our
,, fleet at Port Royal, Governor Pickens, of South
II Carolina, closed his message to die Legislature of
j; that State with the following significant intima-
|) tions:
I < "As far as the northern States are concerned, their Gov-
ernment is hopelessly gone ; and if we fail, with nil our con-
