1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
aiacts and rapids. That railroad Kins across the
public Kinds nf the United Srat< s, and tins bill was
introduced mainly lor the purpose of granting: the
light of way for the purpose of constructing that
road, inasmuch as the Legislature does not meet
until September, and the existing act of Congress
expires in August before they will be able to do
anything to accomplish the object. Unless the
act" of Congress is extended, the result will be that
the company will be able to do nothing under a
law which may be passed by the next Legisla-
ture. To obviate the objection which has been
laised by the Senator from Iowa, I propose to
amend the second section by inserting "bona fide"
after the word " any," in the third 'line, so as to
read:
Tliat the privileges granted hi said acts to eharteied
companies arc hereby gnuited to any bouajide Coipoiations
oi coinpaui<'-> org un^ed and doin  bu-meVs a.- such in the
St ite or Terntoiy whene ^atd public land« m ly bo situated.
That, I understand, meets the objection of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Oregon thathehad bottertakcan amend-
ment pioviding for the case which he suggests,
and that alone. I think the amendment lie pro-
poses would be very much too broad. This pro-
vision of the second section escaped my notice at
the time it was before the Committee "on Public
Lands; but by it we propose to give the light of
way to every imaginable company under the sun
in any State or Tenitory, banking* companies,
insurance companies 
Air. N ESMITH. I suggest to the Senator from
New Hampshne that the amendment I have of-
fered only includes bona fide railroad companies
doing business as such.
Mr.CLARK. Yerytrue; but it applies to every
raihoad company in every State and Territory.
Mr. NESM1TH. The only bencfiUhcy dei lve
fioin this is the extension of the act of August 4,
185*3, and the powers and privileges granted by it.
The bill is merely an extension of that act.
Air. CLARK. 1 suggest that the first section
does that. The second section is designed to give
companies that do not take under the iiist section,
because they are not chartered companies, the
right of way. If the Senator will confine it to any
case m his own State winch he thinks meritoii-
ous I shall (lave no objection; but 1 think it very
much too sweeping to go into all the Territoiies
and States in the United Slates in this indefinite
wc,y.
Air. NESMITH. I will accept any amend-
ment the Senator will offer. I prefer not to specify
any particular company because that would give
a monopoly to one company. I desire that it
shall be given to all companies which mobonajlde
r.ulroad companies.
Air. CLARK. If the Senator will consent to
let the bill he on the table for the present, 1 will
confer with him about it. I desire to aid him in
his purpose.
Air. NESAIITIT. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
lie on the table for the time being.
SUPPLY OF POTOMAC WATER.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate on
Friday last passed the bill (S. No. 231) amenda-
toi y of an act entitled " An act to provide for the
cute and preservation of the works constructed
by the' United States for bringing the Potomac
water into the cities of Washington and George-
town, for the supply of said water for all go\ urn-
meutal purposes, and for the uses and benefit of
the inhabitants of the said cities." I do not ask
for action on the motion now. 1 merely desire to
have tiie motion entered.
The motion was entered.
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
fur! her mormngbusmess vviMnn the morning hour,
the Chair will call up the special order, as the hour
for us consideration has nearly aruved, which is
the unfinished business of the last session of the
Senate—(ho confiscation bill.
Air. HALE. The morning hour has not quite
expired. I gave notice of a new rule on Friday,
and I should like to have a vote of the Senate
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
if the Senator calls for us consideration.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution:
Rcsolced, That the Senate may, at any time during the
piescnt rebellion, by a vote of the majoutyot'tho membeis
piescnt, fix a tune when debate on any matter pending be-
foie the Senate shall cease and terminate ; and the Senate
shall, when the time fixed foi terminating the debate nnives,
proceed to vote without debate on ihe measure and all
amendments pending that may be offered.
Air. HALE. I do not desire to discuss the res-
olution. It is a matter that has been discussed a
great while, and the Senate understand it. I sim-
ply ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. DAVIS. Air. President, I do not see any
need for the adoption of this resolution, or for a
change in the standing rules of the Senate with
respect to debate. The resolution seems to con-
template a change to exist only during the present
lebelhon. I do not know of any unnecessary delay
in debate or in any other way that has taken place
on the passage of any measure to suppress the
present rebellion thi ough the Senate. On the con-
trary. I think there is a most commendable dispo-
sition throughout the whole Senate, and among all
of its members, to hasten, to a reasonable amount,
the consideration of measures the tendency of
which is to bring this war ton close. If the gentle-
man had proposed an amendment of the rules re-
strict ing all measures to be introduced at the pres-
ent session of Congress to measures necessarily or
properly connected with the suppression of the
ptesent rebellion, I think it would have had much
better reason and sense m it. It seems to me that
the honorable Senator who proposes this reform in
our rules cannot seriously contemplate that it will
apply to any measure for the raising of the ways and
means to carry on the war, because we all know
that there lias been no disposition manifested by
any party in the Senate, or by any member of the
Senate, to retard unnecessarily the passage of any
such measure through the body. 11 seems to me,
it must have for its object the restriction of debate
on measures not necessarily connected with the
war. I think there is no ne< d lor itat all in rela-
tion to any matter or any class of subjects that
have come oi may be likelv to come before the
Senate foi its consideration. 1 do not believe that
the freedom of debate which is tolerated by the
rules of the Senate has been so much abused as to
make such a change as that at all necessary or
proper. I therefore hope that the resolution will
not be adopted.
Air. COLLAMER. It has been regarded for
a long time in our history as consistent with the
dignity and self-respect of this body that they
should stop talking when it was necessary, with-
out having any rule or gag about it. It was con-
sidered that they were not so numerous nor so
exceedingly taken with the desire of stump speak-
ing, but what when they discussed a subject they
would discuss it at a proper time and take the vote
when they had done. They have been enabled
to lestiain themselves by that course, without any
sacrifice of the public service and highly to then-
own respect and to the respectability of the body.
Jt seems to me, sir, that at this period, when one
thitd of our number is gone, and we ically have
not any tiling like as much occasion for such a rule,
wo may yet endure that freedom of discussion
which can be indulged among gentlemen, without
detriment to the public interests; and I, therefore,
trust that we shall not adopt any thing of this kind.
It may be said we will not use it. Sir, it should
not exist. The very voting for it seems to imply
a o( cessity for it. 1 do not believe that necessity
exists; no'r do 1 think that the progress of this
session or the proceedings of this body during this
lebelhon .show that thire is any occasion for it.
The moment it is adopted, then will begin a scram-
ble unbecoming the dignity of the body. The mo-
ment the day and hour is fixed for taking a vote,
to-morrow or any other day, then there will be a
scramble for the floor to see whether a man can
have an opportunity to be heaid. Such a course,
so undignified and unbecommgto a body like this,
of our limited numbers, 1 s-iy is not to be invited
by the adoption of any rule of this kind. I desire
—and I think I may do it with safety, for I do not
much tr< spass on the time of the Senate—that
tb is resolution, uncalled for and unnecessary, may
not be adopted at this period of the session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, n becomes the duty of the
! Chair to eaU up for consideration the spccial
order, which is the unfinished business of the last
session.
CONFISCATION OF PliOVEilTY. • ,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels. ' . ' ' .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with the
remarks which I design to make upon this bill, I
desire to move two amendments, one of which is
verbal, and the other is to make the bill a little
more definite. In the fourth line of the seventh
section, I move to strike out the words 44 garnishee
and," and to insert in lieu thereof the words,
" process of garnishment and other," so that it
will read :
That the several district courts of the United States are
hcicby invested with powci to Bsue all ptoceMSO whether
me^ne or final as well in chancery and admnaltv a-s at com-
mon law, including process of garnishment and other pro-
cess as incases of foreign attachment, am} to do evety oilier
matter and thing necessary or ptopcr lo eairy out Ihe pur-
poses of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to move another
amendment in the thirteenth line of the first sec-
tion of the bill, after the word "and/' to insert
the words " as to all property which shall be
seized and appropriated as hereinafter provided;"
so that the clause will read;
Or giving aid and comfort to said rebellion, shall be for-
feited and confiscated to the United States, and as to all
property wh.ch shall bo seized and appropriated as herein-
altei piovided, Mich forfeiture shall take immediate effect
upon the commission otthe net ofiorleiture, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, having
made a brief explanation of the mam features of
the bill under consideration, and the principles on
which it was based,at the time it was reported to
the Senate, it was not my intention to have said
anything more upon it, at all events, unless in
closing the debate; but the fierceness with which
it has been assailed, and the misrepresentations
to which it has been subjected, unintentional of
course, make it necessary that I should reply to
some of the strictures upon it. Assuming that it
was a sweeping measure for the confiscation of
all the property in the southern Stales, the bill has
been denounced as unconstitutional and inexpe-
dient with a vehemence and virulence not to have
been expected, and surely but illy calculated to
promote that calm,deliberate, and candid consid-
eration winch thendmilfod importance of (he sub-
ject should command. The Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. McDougall] denominated it " an act to
sweep the whole of a populous country of all
property, real and personal."
The Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,]
after assuming that it would be 44 moderate to
estimate" the number of persons to be affected by
the biil at four millions, said:
This bill proposes at a single stroke to strip all this vast
mimbei of people ot all their propel ty, real, personal, and
mixed, of every kind whatsoever, and reduce them at once
to absolute poveity."'
My colleague [Mr. Browning] said the bill
"strikes at all the property of every kind and
chauicter of all the citizens of the seceded States
with scarcely an exception.5'
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] said;
" It will be soon that all the propcity of each and every
citizen in the seceded States will ho 1'oiicited under this
bill."
How grossly these Senators have misconceived
the character of the bill will be apparent on a
glance at its provisions. So far from striking at
ali the property of each and every citizen in the
seceded States, it would not probably reach the
property of one in ten of the rebels, and in no case
would touch the property of a loyal citizen. In
the first place, the bill is prospective in its opera-
tion, and confiscates the property of no one for
anything done before its passage. It would be
in the power of every rebel in the land to save his
property from confiscation by ceastng to war
against the Government from the time of its pas-
sage. Secondly, it only applies to the property
of such rebels as are beyond the reach of judicial
process. Wherever the person of the rebel can
be reached and made subject to the punishment
his crimes deservo, the bill does not propose to
touch his property. In ail the loyal States, in-
cluding Missouri, Kentucky, and a large part of
Tennessee and Virginia, the onlypersons whose
property could be touchcd by the biil would
