536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
tlve reasons for immediate action, such House shall determ-
ine without debate whether the proposed measure shall
be considered. If decided in the affirmative, debate shall
be confined to the subject-matter, and be limited to five min ■
ntes by any member: ProvidedThat any member shall be
allowi'd five minutes to explain or oppose any pertinent
amendment: «3nd provided. That this rule shall not affect
the operation of the previous question in the House of
Representatives.
Mr. BROWNING. I suggest that an amend-
ment perhaps ought to be made to that resolution
by inserting, after the word "rebellion," where
it occurs a second time, the words " or when such
an announcement shall be made by the Presiding
Officer of either House.51 There might be a com-
munication sent to the Presiding Officer; but now
it is limited to a request made by some member
rising in his seat.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, the suggestion made by the Senator from
Vermont, that this would create some feeling here,
I hope has not much weight, for I think we ought
to be too generous in our feelings for that. I sup-
pose if the President desired any particular action
of Congress, he would consult the committee, or
consult some member who usually had care of
that subject in the Senate or in the House of Rep-
resentatives. Still, it is possible that some mem-
ber of the Senate or House of Representatives, in
a casual conversation with the President, without
either of thera reflecting much on the subject,
might think it was necessary to have such a ses-
sion. I think, therefore, as this is an important
matter, we should require, at any rate, in order
that the Executive should sufficiently deliberate
on the subject before he desired a secret session,
that he should make a regular communication to
the PresidingOfficersof the two bodies, it seems
to me that the occasion would be greater, and we
would not be JikeJy to be called into secret ses-
sion, unless the subject was an important one, if
the rule required that the communication should
be made to the Presiding Officer of the Senate or
of the House of Representatives. I think that
would be stfer and better. The Executive, before
sending such a message or making such a com-
munication, would carefully deliberate on the sub-
ject and be satisfied that the matter was of import-
ance enough to justify him in asking us to go into
secret session. But if we adopt the other mode,
it seems to me that when any member dropped
in to see the President and have a few words of
conversation with him, started a new idea, a new
project, or something of that kind, the President
might concur in the idea very readily without
thinking, or the member might do it, and we
should be called into secret session sometimes
when we need not be. 1 think, therefore,the Sen-
ator from Vermont had better press his amend-
ment to have the communication made through
the Presiding Officers of the two bodies.
The VICE I^RESI DENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to strike out and insert what has been
read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I ought, however, to take this occasion to
thank the Senator from Massacbusotts for finding
a better reason for the first amendment I suggested
than I gave myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon the Chair a single moment. Did the Sen-
ator from iilinois propose an amendment or sim-
ply make a suggestion?
Mr. BROWNING. I simply made a sugges-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so un-
derstood, and therefore did not put it to the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I suppose the President has the
right to make his communication to the Presiding
Officer, if he sees fit to do so. We do not want to
confer that upon him. Wc have not taken it away.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, too, that any
member has a right to demand a secret session
now without passing this resolution. There is no
difficulty at all about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. How about the House?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know how it may
be in tho House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I heheve it is the same
there.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to propose an
amendment in regard to the punishment for a dis-
closure of the proceedings of secret session. I
ask the Secretary to read that portion of the reso-
lution which relates to that subject.
The Secretary read, as follows:
During such session no communication shall be received
or made to or from any person not a member then present,
except through the President of the Senate or the Speaker
of the House; and a breach of secrecy of any matter trans-
acted during such session, (unless the injunction of secrecy
be removed,) by any Senator or Representative shall be pun-
ished by expulsion 
Mr. COLLAMER. That is all I desire read.
Mr. President, there is a great question as to what
that secrecy is. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has just told us that the Senate, at one pe-
riod, were in secret session for some three weeks;
and every time they had a session, whatever was
said there was said by one man, and regularly pub-
lished. I believe it hag been the construction in
regard to secret sessions, or executive sessions,, as
we call them generally, which are regarded as
secret, that that is a personal privilege of each
member; that any member has the right, so far as
it relates to himself, to waive that privilege, and
publish to the world what he did in that session—
not what others did, but what he did—and he con-
siders that, in doing that, he has done nothing but
to waive a privilege which was personal to him-
self. Now, sir, is it not perfectly obvious, under
a construction of that kind, which has been the
practical construction for the last twenty years,
that the whole of our proceedings are published ?
Each one publishes what part he pleases relating
to himself; and thus all is published. I desire that
that should be more definite; and I have drawn
briefly this amendment:
If any member of the Senate or House of Representatives
shall Letiay, publish, disclose, or reveal any debate, con-
sultation, oi proceeding had in such seciet session, he shall
be expelled.
I desire that amendment made for the purpose
of defining what is regarded as matter to be kept
secrct; that what is said then*, and what is done
there by anybody, including himself, shall not
be disclosed by a member.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
offer that amendmontasa substitute for the entire
sccond clause of the resolution ?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir. I move in the
second clause to strike out the following words:
And a breach of secrecy of any matter transacted during
such session, (unless the injunction of secrecy be removed)
by any Senator or Representative, shall be punished by ex-
pulsion.
And in lieu thereof, to insert the following:
If any member of the Senate or House of Representatives
shall betray, publish, disclose, or reveal any debate, con-
sultation, or proceeding at any such secret &ession, he shall
be expelled.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the resolution as it has been amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the whole of it
read, as it has been amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved., (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the lollovving be added to the joint rules of the two
Houses :
When, during the present rebellion, any membrr of
the Senate or Iloube of Representatives, shall" rise, and in
liis place state that the President de&itcb the immediate ac-
tion of Congress upon any matter pertaining to the suppres-
sion of the present lebellion, the galleries of the House in
winch the statement is made shall be immediately cleared,
and after fcuch member bhaJl state the action desired by the
President, and the leasons for immediate action, such
House shall determine without debate whether the proposed
measure shall bo considered. If decided m the affirmative,
debate shall be confined to the subject-matter, and be limited
to five minutes by any member: Provided, That any mem-
bei shall be allowed live minutes to explain or oppose any
pertinent amendment: Jlnd provided, That this rule shall
not affect the operation ofthe previous question in tiie House
of Representatives. During such session, no communica-
tion shall be received or made by or from nny person not a
member then present, o\cept from the President of the Sen-
ate, or the Speaker of the House; if any member of the
Senate or House of Representatives shall betray, publish,
disclose, or reveal any debate, consultation, orpioceedinp
had m such secret session, he shall be expelled; and if
commuted by any officer of either body, or other person,
such punishment shall be inflicted as the body to which he
belongs may impose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was a suggestion
as to the limitation of that punishment when this
resolution was under discussion the other day,
that it should not extend beyond imprisonment
during the session of Congress.
The resolution as amended, was adopted.
ARMY DIVISION STAFFS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
take a few moments of the time of the Senate in
order to put on their passage, if possible, a couple
of bills which I think it important to pass, if the
Senator from Delaware does not object. Of course,
if he does, he is entitled to the floor, and can go
on with his remarks on the special order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. How long will they take?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
can get through them by two o'clock.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If they take no longer
than that, I will not object.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to take up the bill (S. No. 122) providing
for the organization of the staff attached to divis-
ions of the Army of the United States, regular
and volunteer.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill. During the existing insurrection and re-
bellion each division of the forces of the United
States, consisting of two or more brigades, is to
have the following officers attached thereto, who
are to constitute the stalf of the permanent com-
mander thereof, viz: One assistant adjutant gen-
eral, one quartermaster, one commissary of sub-
sistence,and one assistant inspector general, who
will bear, respectively, the rank of major, and who
are to be assigned from similar corps and rank of
the Army, if consistent with the interests of the
service; if not, to be appointed by the President.
Also three aides-de-camp, one to bear the rank of
major, and two to bear the rank of captain, to be
appointed by the President upon the recommend-
ation of the commander of the division; the ap-
pointment to cease upon the expiration of his
division command. Also one medical director, to
bear the rank of major, and to be assigned fi om
the surgeons or assistant surgeons of the regular
Armyorfrom the brigade surgeons of volunteers.
The division commander may detail an officer of
his command, of the rank of captain, to act as
judge advocate of the division, or a lieutenant of
his command, upon the recommendation of the
commander, may be assigned by the President to
act as division judge advocate, who is to bear the
rank of captain while so assigned. These officers
are to receive the same pay and allowances as are
provided by law for officers of cavalry of corre-
sponding rank. Officers of the regular Army thus
assigned or appointed and detached to staff duty,
upon the cessation of such service, are to resume
their positions in the regular Army, with the same
rank and promotion as if they had continued to
serve in their own regiments or corps. The se-
niorofficerof artillery in each division, in addition
to his other duties, will act as chief of artillery
and ordnance at the headquarters of the division,
and receive the rank and pay of a major, if of a
rank inferior thereto.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment to be
added as an additional section to the bill; the only
part of it that I- think ought to be adopted:
JJnd be it further enacted, That the act approved August
5,1861, entitled " An act supplementary to an act entitled
'An act to increase the present military establishment of the
United States,' " approved July 29, 1861, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
The act of Congress that is proposed to be re-
pealed by the section which I have just submitted
to the consideration of the Senate, is found on page
74 of the acts and resolutions of the first session,
the extra session, of the present Congress. It au-
thorizes the President of the United States,
" During the existing insurrection and rebellion, upon the
recommendation of the Lieutenant General commanding
the Army of the United Stares, or of any majoi general of
the regular Army of the United States, commanding forces
of the United States in the field, to appointsuch number of
aides-de-camp in addition to those now author ized by law
as the exigencies of the service may, in the opinion of the
President, require.'5
The act conferred an unlimited power upon the
President to appoint aides-de-camp without the
advice and consent of the Senate, upon the recom-
mendation oftheLieutenantGencral or any major
general of the regular Army; not upon the recom-
mendation of any volunteer general orperson com-
manding in the volunteer service, but generals in
the regular Army. I suppose everybody recog-
nizes the fact that there has been a great, and what
I have no hesitation in calling a very great abuse
of this power, and I wish to stop it where it is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will make
a brief explanation of the bill, its object, and' its
purpose. The object is to organize each division
of the Army of the United States, so as to make
