APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Expulsion of a Senator—Mr. Latham.
Senate.
the times, bat with that degree of independence
and dignity which have always belonged to the
American Senate. If, however, I am mistaken
in this, I may well say, as did Rosse, the noble-
man of Scotland:
« Gruel are the times when we are traitors
And do not know ourselves ; when we hold rumor
From what we fear, yet know not what we fear,
But float upon a wild and violent sea,
Each way and more."
The honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Harris,] in his address on last Friday, correctly-
told this body it was a fixed principle of all juris-
prudence that each man was to be punished for a
crime according to the laws in existence at the time
of the commission of that crime; that it was re-
garded as so great a violation of well-settled prin-
ciple to punishforan act which was nota crime at
the time of its commission, that all your consti-
tutions and bills of rights have expressly guaran-
tied that there shall be no cx post facto law. If
this be so of law, it is equally so of public opinion.
The public opinion of to-uay is not the public
opinion of the 1st day of March last. The public
opinion of to-day will not, judging by the past,
be the public opinion of the 1st day of October next.
The Senator from Indiana, therefore, when he
wrote the letter upon which he is now arraigned
at the bar of the Senate, is to be judged by the pub-
lic opinion of the 1st day of March last. As an
humble Senator upon this floor, I protest in my
place, as rrpresentinga loyal constituency, against
judgment being passed upon members of this body
for sins that they may have committed when the
voice of thepeople was entirely different from what
it is to-day.
Mr. President, it is an unpleasant duty for me
to recall our condition on the 1st day of March
last. It is like the recollection of a horrid vision.
Nothing but a sense of duty and the reasons which
operate upon my own mind in making up my
judgment as to how I shall vote upon the pending
question, would induce me to refer to acts which
occurred before this body—to declarations made,
to treason disclosed upon the floorof the Senate at
the period to which I refer. At that time the Sen-
ators from Texas, the Senators from Virginia, and
several others who arc now leaders in this great
rebellion, had a voice upon this floor. They had
a right to vote and control the legislation of the
country. They molded yourpolicy. They voted
in secret session upon all questions affecting your
foreign relations, and in open session on all which
related to your domestic concerns. Notwithstand-
ing their presence, there was still a majority here
on the 1st of March faithful to yourGovernmont,
and who have proved it by their aubscquentacts.
Now, sir, what occurred subsequent to the 1st
day of March ? The resolution offered by the
Senator from Minnesota says that the letter writ-
ten by the Senator fiom Indiana upon the 1st day
of March is evidence of his disloyalty, and for
that reason ho should be expelled from this body;
1 state merely the substance of the resolution.
Now 1 submit the question to every Senator here,
if this letter had been produced upon the 1st day
of March, if it had been seized upon the person of
Mr. Lincoln before he left the city of Washington,
and had been read at the Secretary's desk, would
this body then have expelled the Senator from his
seat in the Senate ? That is the correct criterion
for us to determine what we should have done
under public sentiment as it existed then. For
my part, I unhesitatingly say that this bod y would
not nave expelled the Senator from Indiana. Nay,
more, sir: I venture the prediction that if the letter
haB been read by the Senator from Minnesota in
the Senate on the 2d day of March last, it would
have fallen harmless and indifferent upon our ears,
and if you had expelled him you would have
visited judgment such as you were unwilling to
visit upon any other member. You would have
dealt more rigorously, more severely with the
Senator from Indiana for writing that letter than
you were willing to with those who, by their sub-
sequent acts, have shown their disloyalty and are
now arrayed in arms. Sir, let me read to the Sen-
ate, what probably many members of this body
recollect full well, the language used by one of the
Senators from Texas on this floor on the 2d day
of March last, the day after this letter was written
bytheSenator from Indiana; I read from the Con-
gressional Globe of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
second session, page 1398:
" But as things are, it is useless, 1 am satisfied, to talk
about a reconstruction. This Federal Governmentis dead.
The only question is, whether we will give it a decent,
peaceable, Protestant burial, or whether we shall have an
Irish wake at the grave. [Laughter.] Now, I am opposed
to fighting, and would preter a peaceable buiial; but if the
Republican Senators insist upon fighting, and they can get
the backbone again put into their President-elect, and can
get Mr. Chase reinstated in the Cabinet, from which he has
been expelled, I do not know but that we shall have to fight.
If their President has recovered fiom that 'artificial panic'
under which he was laboiing a short time ago, under the
advice of the Lieutenant General and the Secretary of War
(I behove they advised him to be frightened, so say the Re-
publican papers in defense of him; it was done by the card;
he goes by the platform;) if they can recover him fiom that
aitificial flight under which he was laboring, and get him
to take the Chicago platform fair and square, we shall have
a fight; otherwise we shall not. I think myself it would
be lor the benefit of both sections that we should not have
an Irish wake at our funeral; but that is for the North to
decide, and not for us. Believing—no, sir, not believing,
but knowing—that this Union is dissolved, never, never to
be reconstructed upon any terror—not if you were to hand
us blank paper, and ask us to write a constitution, would
we evcragain be coufcdeiated with you. Your people have
been taught to hate us; your people have been taught to
hate our institutions ; your people have been taught to be-
lieve that you arc Pharisees; that your phylacteries are full;
that you are entitled to the high places m the synagogue;
and vou come and thrust youiselves into our piesence, and
thank God before our faces that you are not like us poor
publicans, and your company has become distasteful to us;
you tell us that ours is distasteful to you ; we say, 'giant it,
then we will sepaiate:' and you say we shall not. Then
we are going to make the experiment, and we will trust in
Piovidcnce."
Here was a bold declaration made upon the
floor of the Senate by the Senator from Texas that
they were for war, that they meant war, that the
Union of our fathers was dissolved, and that he
spoke from his seat merely by the comity of this
body. Well, sir, he did not rest there. In a sub-
sequent part of the same speech, he said:
"X was saying, Mr. President, that the parenthesis that
is now incumbent in the War Office, following, unfortu-
nately, the advice of the Lieutenant Geneial, attempted in
a very feeble way, coercion. The Senator from Illinois
seemed to be shocked at my speaking with a feeling of grat-
ification at the flag of what he chooses to call my~country
being insulted. It is not the flag of my country, t hope and
believe ; but I have not official information on that point.
That flag was never insulted with impunity until it floated
over a cargo of Clack Republican hirelings, sent to one of
the sovereign States of this Union to coerce them to obe-
dience to a Government that was distasteful to them."
At this point he was interrupted by the Senator
from Wisconsin:
"Mr. Poomttle. I think I shall rise to a question of
order. If the Senator from Texas does not know whether
he belong* to this country or not, if he Is really a foreigner
in his own estimation, I deMie to know whether lie is in
order in addressing the Senate of the United States. [Laugh-
ter.j
" Mr. Wigfall. I think the point is well taken; and if
the Senator and those who act with him, will acknowledge
my State to be out of the Union, I will take my seat with-
out a word further."
He subsequently went on to say:
(< A shot was thrown athwart the bow of the vessel con-
taining aimed men; they displayed a flag and it was fired
at. I did say that that vessel had swaggered into Charles-
ton haibor, had received a blow in the face, and had stag-
gered out; and that the Secretary of War, who had brought
the flag of this country in a condition to be fired at, had
never dared, from that time to this, to resent the injury and
insult; and in consequence of that, the State to which I
owe my allegiance has withdrawn and cut loose from all
connection with a Government that allows its flag to be so
insulted. She has plucked her bright star fiom a bunting
that can bo fired at with impunity. If your President elect
has recovered from that artificial fright, see if you cannot
induce him to try and wipe out the nisult; but! predicted
la«t night that lie would not; and I predict again that he
will not. You fear to pass your force bills ; you abandon
them in both Houses. If you can get a Cabinet properly
organized, with fiic-eaters enough in it, the Cabinet may
precipitate the country into a war, and then call upon what
is denominated the conservative elements of your party to
sustain the country in a war in which you have already in-
volved it; but I know, and you know, thattho e men whom
you represent are not in favor of war, and that their repre-
sentatives here, a large number of them, fear it. What will
be the result, I do not know; and, to be very frank, I do
not care.
" Now, having explained why it was that I felt rejoiced
at this insult to the flag of your country, I shall take up very
little more time. The country is composed of States; and
when that Government which was established by those
States, and that flag which bears upon its broad folds the
stars lepresenting those States, is used lor the purpose of
making war upon some of those States, I say that it has
already been degraded, and that it ought to be fired at, and
it should be torn down and trampled upon. These are my
feelings upon the subject; and ' it this be treason make the
most of it,' I owe my allegiance—and Senators are not
mistaken about that, for I have said it frequently—to the
State which I here represent."
I have read, Mr. President, somewhat at length
what the Senator from TeSfes said upon this floor
on the 2d day of March. Does any gentleman
pretend that a Senator could rise in his seat and
say that to-day ? Yes, sir, he said it, and this body
sat quietly by and heard him say it. They heard
him defend an insult t6 the flag of our country,
and to boast in the hearing of the Senate in the
terms which I have read that, if fo r no other reason,
he wanted to withdraw from a Government that
had not independence and pluck enough to assert
its own dignity. Mr. Wigfall was one of the chief
spirits of this whole rebellion. If Mr. Davis was
the Achilles, Mr. Wigfall was his Jidus Putroclus.
As several Senators sitting on this side will recol-
lect, he directed his public documents to " Jeffer-
son Davis, president of the confederate States,
Montgomery, Alabama," under his frank, and
passed them from desk to desk long after the 1st
of March, while he continued" to occupy a seat
upon this floor, making an exhibition of his dis-
taste and contempt for our Government. I ask the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] if he boils over with such indignation at this
letter of the Senator from Indiana; if he now re-*
gards it in so heinous a light; if he can find no
other parallel to express his hatred except to com-
pare the Senator from Indiana to Catiline, why did
he not, as the Cicero of the Senate, rise in his seat
and denounce the gentleman who uttered such lan-
guage upon the floor of the Senate? Compared to
his offense, that of the Senator from Indiana is like
the flickering of a rush-light to the blazing sun, or
if you choose the other comparison of darkness, a
London fog to Cimmerian darkness. In the es-
timation of the Senator from Massachusetts, the
Senator from Indiana is a Catiline—the most ig-
noble character recorded in history, who outraged
his own daughter, murdered his own brother, and,
to bind himself with his confederates against the
government that he was about to overthrow, sac-
rificed a human body and partook of the flesh.
But no, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts sat as
quiet antl as calm as a summer day. There was
no reverberation of the thunders of his eloquence
and hurling of his shafts of fierce bitterness and
sarcasm against one boasting openly of his dis-
loyalty to the Government until he drove him from
the Senate, when he might have exclaimed in the
sublimity of his denunciation, as Cicero did,
excessit, evasit, erupitAn earnest and faithful
Senator from the State of Connecticut, [Mr. Fos-
ter]—if he will permit me so to style him, for I rec-
ognize in him a gentleman who never speaks on
this floor except with earnestness and sincerity—
feeling the wrong and outrage perpetrated on this
body, rose in his seat, some days later, it is true-
and offered this resolution—I read from the Jour-
nal of the proceedings of March 8, 1861:
" Mr. Foster submitted the following resolution for con-
sideration :
" Whereas, L. T. Wigwall, now a Senator of the United
States fiom the State ofTexas, has declared in debate that
he is a foieigner; that he owes no allegiance to this Gov-
ernment ; but that he belongs to and owes allegiance to an-
other and foreign State and government: Therefore,
" Resolved, That the said L. T. Wigfall be, and he here-
by is, expelled from this body."
Was that resolution adopted? If you will turn
a little further on you will find that it came up on
the 11th of March; I quote from the Journal:
II On motion by Mr. Foster,
" The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution sub-
mitted by him the 8th instant, to expei Hon. L. T. Wigfall
from the Senate ; and
"On motion by Mr. Clingman, to amend the resolution
by striking out all after the word •whereas,' and in lieu
thereof inserting, it is understood that the State of Texas has
seceded from the Union, and is no longer one of the United
States: Therefore,
" Resolved, That she is not entitled to be represented in this
body.
u Pending debate,
" On motion by Mr. Clark, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business,
"It was determined in the affirmative."
The subject then went over to the 12th of March;
and on that day, ten days after the letter of the
Senator from Indiana was written, what did the v
Senate do ?
" The Senate resumed the consideration of the resolution
submitted by Mr. Foster, the 8th instant, to expel Hon. L.
T. Wigfall from the Senate; and,
" On motion by Mr. Simmons,
" Ordered, That the resolution, with the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Clingman, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary,"
