40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
37m Com....2d Sess.
Expulsion of a Senator—Mr. Latham.
Senate.
The very Senator who is now visiting such in-
dignation oil the Senator from Indiana for what
he"wrote thirteen days before—
"to read as follows:
" Wheieas the scats of Albert G. Drown and Jeffeison
Davis of Stephen 11 Malloiy of Florida, Clem-
ent C. Clay, jr., ot Alabama, Robert Toombs of Gcoigia, and
Judah P. Benjamin of Louisiana, as members of the Senate,
have becomc vacant: Therefore,
"Resolved, That the iSecretaiy be directed to omit their
names respectively from the loll." * * * *
"On the question to agree to the resolution, as modified
nn the motion of Mr. Clark, it was determined in the
affirmative."
Hero is your own Journal showing that, four-
teen days after the writing of this letter by the
Senator from Indiana, this body acted so gingerly,_
if I may so express myself, m condemnation of
the acts of the very leader and his confederates
in this great rebellion; and you w< re so unwilling
to expel them from the Senate that not a.single
syllabic appears upon your Journal, or upon the
records of the proceedings of this body, for the
expulsion of either o.f thorn, except the resolution
offered by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster,] which I have read in your hearing, that
was referred knowingly to the Committee on the
Judiciary, there to he lost.
Mr. President, I think 1 have conclusively proven
by precedents thai this body would not have ex-
pelled the honorable Senator from Indiana at the
time of ihe commission of his alleged offense.
But now public sentiment having changed, a dif-
ferent spirit existing throughout the country, I
ask whether it compoits with the dignity of this
body fn punish what it would have tolciated and
listened to patiently and without any expression
of indignation at the time of its commission. The
first expulsion of any of tiiose who acted directly
with, or sympathized wrh the rebellion, did not
take place until the 12th day of July, 1861, at the
meeting of the extra session.
But, Mr. President, I come now legitimately to
my next proposition. The argument as made by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] the
Senatortrom New Hampshire, [Mr. Claric,] and
I believe nl«o by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] was this: that the country was at
war upon the 1st day of March; that Mr. Bright,
in recommending Mr. Thomas B. Lincoln to the
president of this so-called southern confederacy,
must have known from the acts which had of cui -
red prior to that period that we were at war, or
had reason to believe that war would follow,and
that there was a malicious and traitorous lnient in
his heart in recommending to Mr. Davis a person
who had an improved arm. The Senator from
New Hampshire entertained the Senate by read-
ing all the acts of aggression which hud occuned
on the part of the southern people in the seizuio
of forts, the mint at New Orleans, the arsenals,
and other outrages that they committed, extend-
ing over a period of two months, and argued from
this that if Mr. Bright had exercised common
intelligence, he must have known that war then
existed; and he read from the opinion of a learned
judge—Judge Smalley, I believe—that these acts
were warlike nets, and for thatreoson, in his view,
a case was made oui clearly against the Senator.
Well, sir, upon the 1st day of March—nay, sir,
upon the 4th of March—there whs no war. The
country did not dicnm of war. There was not a
man now loyal to our Government, no one except
some of those already in arms, who had the slight-
est idea that the present state of things ever would
exist. Did the President believe there would be
war? No, sir. Did Congress believe there was
war? What did it do? It adjourned without
making appropriations beyond those purely ne-
cessary to carry on thoGovcrnment. ltadjourned
without passing any of those measures requisite
to place the Government upon a war footing; and
1 say further that no proposition was ever offered
in either House that had war in contemplation.
When we broke up our executive session at the
close of the month of March, every Senator here
who loolrs into his own heart believed, (it may
have been that his belief was founded upon his
hopes,) but he believed that reason would return
to these mad men, who, in destroying the Gov-
ernment, like Samson in pulling down the temple,
dust have themselves known that they, too, were
to "bfe buried in its ruins. How did those who
were invested with the chief administrative au-
thority regard it? What did President Lincoln
say on the eastern portico of the Capitol relative
to the condition of the country in his inaugural
address? After laying down his theoretical view,
he said:
"In doing this there needs to be no bloodshed or vio-
lence ; and there shall be none unless it be forced upon the
national authority. The power confided tome will be used
to hold, occupy, and possess the property and places belong-
ing to the Government, and to collect the duties and im-
posts ; but beyond what maybe necessary for these objects,
there will be no invasion, no using of force against or among
the people anywhere. Wbeie hostility to the United States,
iti any mteuor locality, shall be so great and so universal as
to pi event competent resident citizens fiom holding Federal
ofllcc?, there will be no attempt to force obnoxious strangers
among the people for that object. While the strict legal nglu
may exist in the Government to enforce the exercise ot these
offices, the attempt to do so would be so irritating and so
nearly unpiaoticable withal, that 1 deem it better to forego,
foi the lime, the uses of such offices. The mails, unless re-
pelled, will continue to be 1 uin^hed m all paitsot the Union.
So fai a4- po-fible the people everywhere bhall have that
sense of perfect secunty which is most favorable to calm
thought and icflection. The coui^c here indicated will be
followed, unless current event's and expedience shall show
a modification or change to be pioper, and, in every ease
and exigency,m/best discretion will be exercised, accord
ingto circumstances actually existing, and with a view and
a hope of a peaceful solution of the national troubles and
the restoration of fraternal sympathies and affection."
That was the language of the Chief Magistrate
on the 4th day of March. How did it fall upon
the ears of the country? Let me quote on this
point the language of distinguished Senators and
statesmen from different localities. What, I ask
you, said the distinguished Senator, now deceased,
from the State of Illinois?—a man ever watchful
and ever anxious not only to preserve the Gov-
ernment, but guaid it at every point from assault;
who was one of the most faithful sentinels upon
the citudel of the Republic, ever ready to give the
alarm when he saw danger approaching. What
did he say in one of his last speeches here before
he went to his western bome to die? This was
the language of Mr. Douglas, on the 7th day of
March:
" I shall cling to the hope that the peace policy will pre-
vail, until I sec the contiary shown by some authoritative
act of the President himself. I caie not what individual
Henators may tlunk. I draw my conclusions notfiom what
this man or that man thinks. I behove there aieagreat
many men in the Republican pasly who hold punciplcs and
a policy entnely repugnant to the views of the President.
1 diaw my inlerence, therefore, fiom the official action of
the two Houses ot Congress and fiom the inaugmal addi ess
of the Piesident. 1 think the^e luet* show conclusively
that we are to have no war, no bloody collision, and that
the peace policy is going to picvatl."
Again, he said, upon another occasion:
'• This was the whole substance of what I said, or of what
I Intended to say. The Senator fiom Texasthinksthatthe
expulsion of sueb an opinion and the drawing of such a
conclusion fiom tlie inaugmal addiess is calculated to
have a bad cfFcet upon the country. I do not see how. It
stnkcs me that if the country can rest sccure in the belief
that there is to be peacc ; that there is to be no civil war;
that armies are not to be mustered in conflict with each
othci; it will have a happy effect upon the countiy. I am
tmrc thateveiy man who loves bis country—every man who
cherishes with affection this glorious Union; foi I asseit
that she h t-till glotlous, and dearer to me than ever—evciy
man who love« constitutional hbertv, and who is proud of
being an American, ought to rejoice m the belief that peace
can be maintained.
" If I am allowed to judge from the various speeches the
Senatoi fiom Texas has marie recently on this flooi, I am
foieed to tin1 conclusion that he does not feel, on this sub-
ject of preserving the peace, entuely as 1 do. He has told
us more than once that we could take our choice between
peace and wai, and that he did not care which. T do caie;
and Ihciein consists the difference between the Senator
fiom Texas and mjself because [ docaie whether the issue
is to be peace or wai, I was induced to ascertain what was
to be tiie policy of the Admin if nation ; and I at rived at the
conclusion, sinceiely and firmly, that the inaugural means
peace. Hence I expressed my gratitude at that result."
I have read you the opinion of a Senator from
the Northwest. Let me lefer you, lastly, to what
the distinguished Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
senden,] a leader from the great Northeast, said
also in relation to this question. Here is his lan-
guage, delivered on the 15th day of March:
" Now, sir, what is the object of this movement of the
Senator fiom Illinois? As my friend fiom Massachusetts
has said, but a very few days have elapsed since the Pi ev-
ident came into power. He made a peace address to the
people, as the Senator admits; and, as the Senator repeats
again this morning, he construes it as a declaration oi'peace.
The President says distinctly in that inaugural,c I mean
peace to the country. I will make war upon no portion of
it; and if war is to follow, it must be made by others upon
the administration of the Government.' That is thedeclar-
ation. Why not be content with it ?"
Now, sir, I ask Senators if there was war—if
it was inevitable; if the conflict of arms was even
probable at the time the honorable Senator from
Indiana, on the 1st day of March, wrote this let-
ter, why it was that the President of the United
States and these distinguished Senators, whose
loyalty is not questioned, did not say to the coun-
try that war was inevitable and then existed?
The honorable Secretary of State, (Mr. Sewaid,)
far later than that, as late as the 10th day of April,
two days before the assault on Fort Sumter, in
his dispatch to Mr. Adams, our minister to the
Court of St. James, uses this language:
"Only an imperial or despotic Government could sub-
jugate thoroughly disaffected and insurrectionaiy members
of the State. This Federal republican system of ours is
of all forms of government the very one which is most un-
fitted for such a labor. Happily, however, this is only an
imaginary defect. The system has within itself adequate,
peaceful, conseivative, and recuperative ioices. Fiimncss
on the part of the Government in maintaining and preserv-
ing the public institutions and property, and iu executing
the laws wheie authority can be exercised without waging
tear, combined with such measures of justice, moderation,
and forhratance as will disarm leasoning opposition, will
be sufficient to secure the public safety until leturning re-
flection, eoncnuing with the feaitul experience of social
evils. the inevitable fiuits of faction, shall hung the recu-
sant members cheerfully back into the family, which, after
all, must piove their best and happiest, as it undeniably is
their most natural home. The Constitution of the United
States provides for that return by authorizing Congress, on
application to be made by a certain majoiity of the States,
to assemble a national convention, in which the organic
law can, if it he needful, be revised so as to remove all leal
obstacles to a reunion, so suitable to the habits of the peo-
ple, and so eminently conducive to the common safety and
welfare.
Keeping that remedy steadily in view, the President,
on the one hand, will not suffer the Fedeial authority to fall
into abeyance, not wdl he, on the other, aggravate existing
cvdrf by attempts at coercion which mu*t assume the foim
ot dncct war against any of the revolutionaiy States."
These words were written by the Secretary of
State on the 10th day of April, nearly six weeks
after this letter was written by the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, containing the clear enuncia-
tion that the policy of the Administration was not
war, was not coercion.
On the ]2th of April, the President, in his re-
sponse to the committee of the Virginia conven-
tion, said:
" Not having as yet seen occasion to change, it is now
my pmpose to pursue the course marked out mthcinaugu-
rai addiess. I commend a careful consideration of the whole
document as the best expression I can give to my purposes.
As i then and therein said, I now repeat,'the power con-
fided m me will be used to hold, occupy, and possess prop-
erty and places belonging to tiie Government, and to collect
the duties and nnpo>ts; but beyond what is necessary for
the^e objects theic will be no invasion, no using of force
against or among the people anywhere.'" * * *
* '* Whatever else I may do for the purpose, I shall not
attempt to collect the duties and imposts by any armed
invasion of any pait of the country ; not meaning by thi«,
however, that I may not land a forcc deemed necessary to
relieve a foil upon the border of the country."
It is a notorious fact that the Postmaster Gen-
eral allowed the mails to be carried in the seceded
States down to the 27th day of May, nearly three
months after this letter was written by the Sena-
tor from Indiana. Here is his communication to
the House of Rcpiescntatives upon this subject:
Fosi Oi-mcl Department, July 12, 1861.
Sir: The act of Congic 3 in iclation to the postal ser-
vice, appioved Fchiuary :23, 3861, provides " that whenever,
m the opinion of the Postmaster General, the postal semes
cannot be safely continued, or the Post Office revenue"
collected, oi the postal laws maintained, on any postroute,
by icason of any causc whatsoever the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized to discontinue the postal service
on such loute, or any pait theieof, and any post offices
thereon, till the same can be safely icstoied, and shall re-
pott his action to Congiess." In compliance with this act,
and because of the obstruction ot the service by the insur-
gents, I dnected it to be discontinued on the 27th of May,
by an oider hciewith communicated, in the so-called se-
ceded States, cxcept in Western Virginia; and have since
directed Us> discontinuance in West and Middle Tennessee.
I'he events winch have icndered tins course necessary are
so well known as to render any explanation of my action
utmcccssaiy. It seems, indeed, moie to be required tiiatl
should explain why I suffered the service to continue &o
long m tho*e States. The chief reason for this wa-', that
the mails alone afforded the means of diffusing any cunect
information among the people of the South, and disabusing
their minds of the prevalent errors which the conspnators
had availed themselves of to organize the insuirection. 1
felt assuied that the expressions of public sentiment which
would be evoked on the firstact of wai, if allowed toieach
the people of the South, would go far to break down the
conspiracy.
The postal service afforded the best means to communi-
cate to the people of the South the judgment which I was
confident the civilized woild would pronounce against the
rebellion when its real purpose was distinctly seen; and
