538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
to recruit; I think their success has certainly not
been very brilliant.
Mr. DAVIS. They had better be called in and
put to more profitable employment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
doubt on that point.
Mr. DAVIS. I know officers in this city that
are in office, and that arc capable, who have asked
for employment in active service, and it has been
denied them by the Adjutant General. I know,
particularly, a very capablc lieutenant, of very fine
capacity, of fine courage, and great-adaptation, I
think, to the military life, who has been beseech-
ing for the last three or four months some active
service, and the Adjutant General persistently de-
nies it to him, I think there are a great many
officers that are hanging about without any active
employment that might be put m these positions
without the creation of other offices.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
doubt, as suggested by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that many of the officers in the regular
service of the United States arc doing but very
little for the country at this time. There are one
hundred and ninety officers of the new regiments
that we ordered to be raised last summer who are
now endeavoring to fill up the ranks of those regi-
ments. They have not been very successful. I
believe that we have raised about seven or eight
thousand men m all, since the passage of that act
in July last. Whether the Adjutant Geneial of
the Army has refused to let officers who have
asked for active employment go into the field
or not, I am not able to say. I know that then; aie
complaints of that kind, and especially complaints
that the Adjutant General, with the concuirenee
of the Secretary of War, has refused to detail
officeis m the regular Army to duty in the volun-
teer service when culled upon to do so by icgi-
ments in the fluid or by the. Governors ofiStatcs.
My own judgment is that the best thing that could
have been done with the Army office is would have
been to scatter them through the volunteer regi-
ments, and give to the volunteers Hint training
and thatexperience which we suppose our regular
officers possess. But, sir, when we make that
suggestion, when we speak of spreading these
Army officers among the volunteeis, Senators all
aj ound us think that the volunteers are butter t hun
the Aimy officets themselves,or at any rate, that
if they have less experience, they have more/.eal
and more devotion to the cau«e of the country
, in this crisis. My own judgment is that the best
thing we could have done with the hltle A rmy we
had when tins war opened would have been to
have substantially disbanded it, to have taken the
good oilicers, ihe live men, and given them posi-
tions in the volunteer forces of the country, to
have taken many of the pi ivales, many of the old
sergeants, and made them company officers, and
thus have given to the volunLeei Joiceis the expe-
rience acquired by the Army in the field. We
neglected to do that. We passed an act, howevei ,
authorizing the Secretary of War to detail llie^e
officers whin he saw fit to do ho, and it ban been
done to some extent, but has <reneMily met the
resistance of those who wen; so careful to presci w
intact the hale Auny we had on hand, that, ap-
pears now so insignificant in comparison with the
great mihtuiy fonv of the couniiy.
iJuf, sir, I will take the suggestion of the Sen-
ator fi om Maine. 1 will pasa over tins bill to-dav,
and a^k the Senate to take up another measure
that I hope certainly will encounter no opposi-
tion ; and I will endeavor if I can by inquiry and
examination to frame this bill so as to increase the
expense of the Government as hltle as possible,
and make this oigamzatton complete. I will say
to the .Senator from Maine th.it what I reject, oY
what the committee lejects, does not come, here
bcfoic ihe Senati , but what we bung here ap-
pears before the body, and perhaps jtMimetime.s
seems that we are extiavagant; but if the Senaloi
kuew the trials we have to go thiough, he would
perhaps have a iilile chauty for ns in that re-
spect.
Mr. i-KSSKNDEN. A great deal. No doubt
your suite] m^s are intolerable.
Mr. WILbON,of Massachusetts. I move that
thib bill be I,-id ufcide to-day, and that the Senate
take up th< lull in relation to .smlm s, which 1 have
allowed to he ov -r /loin day to day—longer than
I should haw done.
The motion was agu ed to.
SUTLERS IN TUB VOLUNTEER FORCES.
The Senate accordingly resumed, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 136) to provide for the appointment of
sutlers in the volunteer service, and to define their
duties.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When the
original bill was up for consideration some time
ago, a motion was made by the Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Lane] to strike it all out, and abolish the
office of sutler altogther. The objection was made
that, if we abolished the sutlers, we must supply
their place by making some provision for furnish-
ing the troops with articles they need. I stated to
the Senate that my original purpose was to abol-
ish the sutlers, and to substitute a system similar
to that which we now have in the Navy; a sys-
tem which works so well. I stated that I would
prepare and bring in a bill carrying out my ori-
ginal intention; and I have prepared the bill,and
submitted it as an amendment to the original bill.
On reflection, on all the examination I can give
the subject, on inquiry at the War Office, at the
commissaiy department, at the quartermaster's
department, on consultation with officers in the
field, I am satisfied that the original bill as it was
repotted by the Committee on Military Affairs,
which is a bill of regulation, will correct nearly
all the abuses that now exist. It has been very
difficult to prepare a bill abolishing sutlers alto-
gether, and supplying their places, withoutincur-
ring some risk to the Government in regard to
losses, and making some provisions that it will
be very difficult to carry out. There is no diffi-
culty in carrying it out in the Navy, because the
small stores for the use of the sailors are put on
board ship, and are always at hand; but in the
field the forces are shifting their positions, and
there are more difficulties in carrying out that plan.
I therefore prefer to make an amendment to the
first section of the original bill, an amendment
which I have prepared,on consultation with sev-
eral officers in the field, and with persons who
understand the subject.
J pi opoye to add to the first sentence of the first
section of the bill the list of articles that we pio-
pose to allow .sutlers to sell. This list may be
modified and changed by the inspector generals
of the Army, from time to time, as they see' fit.
I propose to insert after the word " service," in
the seventh line of the first section of the bill, this
list of articles:
Apple*, dih'd apples, oianges, figs, lemons, butter, cheese,
milk, simp-molasses. laishis, caudles, ciaokci-, wallets,
brooms, comtoitois?, boors, pocket looking glasses, tin
glasses, tin wufh basins. shut button?,, liorn and brass but-
ton*, newspapeis, book.N, tobacco, cigais, pipe*, matches,
blacking, blacking briuhos, clothes biu-he*, tootli brushes,
ban lnu.hes,coai-e and fine combs, emery, crocus, pocket
ha ndkei chiefs, stations y, nrmoi oil. sweet oil, lotten .stone,
i.i/.or f-tiops, m/.ous, shaving soap, soap, suspenders, seis-
sui-, -hoc stung-, noodles, thread, knives, pencils, and
ihisiol hiick.
[Jen1 is a list of articles that I think may be
sold to soldiers without doing them any harm.
This list has been ptepaied on consultation with
several military men. I had a consultation the
other day wiih one commander of a division and
tutu bng.idiei generals—men in the regular ser-
\ ice—men who undei stand the subject very well—
and they think these arti'des may be sold to the
benefit of the soldier and of the service, if sold at
icasonable rates. If this amendment be adopted,
I shall move further to amend the first section of
the bill, so as to make it read thus:
That the ne-poctoi genouk <>t the Annv shall constitute
a hoatd ot office!-', whose duty it shall be to prepaie. itnnie
diandy al'tei the presage ot thu« act, a hstoi schcdulV ot the
lollou mg aitick's whu.li mav be *old by stulets to the offi-
ce:- and soldier of the volunteer service, to wit.
The next sentence provides that "said list or
schedule shall be subject, from time to time, to
such levision and change as in the judgment of:
said board the good of the service may require,*1" :
so that if anything is necessary to be added to or i
taken from the list, the inspector geneials will '
have power to do it. ^ j
I behove, if that amendment is made, showing i
to the inspector generals that the idea of Congress '
is to hunt these articles to real necessary articles, j
and that this list is what Congress believes to be '
necessary, only slight modifications or changes ■
will be mad" by tin inspector generals. In fact,
1 know thai one otihe present mspectorfivnerals
ut the Aimy i.mh f,i\or of limiting the articles sut-
lers may sell soldiers to a very small number. With
that I think the bill will do an infinite amount of
good. In fact, the proposition has already saved
hundreds of thousands to the soldiers and to those
dependent upon them. The exposure in Congress
of the abuses of the sutlers and the proposed ac-
tion of Congress have reduced the sales of sutlers
in the army of the Potomac nearly one half. The
passage of this bill and its faithful execution will
diminish the sutlers' receipts from our soldiers
inoic than fifty per cent.
Sincc I introduced this bill I have received from
officers and soldiers in the field, and from gentle-
men interested in the welfare of the soldiers and
their families, many letters pointing out the abuses
of the sutlers and the evilsof the system. Colonel
Blaisdcll, of the eleventh Massachusetts volun-
teers, a soldier who served twelve years in the
regular Army, and who followed the flag over the
battle-fields of Mexico, says, in a letter to me:
"I rejoice at your pioposiuon to abolish sutlers in the
volunteer icgunents. In my cxpeucnee of twelve yeais as
a soldiei, I have come to the conclusion that the sutler is a.
complete, nuisance and a curse to any regiment."
From many other officers I have leceived letters
expressing the same sentiment. James E. Dex-
ter, surgeon of the fortieth regiment of New York
volunteers, says, in a note to me:
u Your earnest efforts for protecting the interests of the
soldier and the soldiers family have enlisted iny highest
admiration.
" I am prepared to state, most unhesitatingly, that sut-
Icnng, as it exists at present in the Army, is an unmitigated
nuisance; and considerations of the highest importance,
samtaiy, moral, and religious, demand that it should be
abated. I speak not unadvisedly; my convictions are the
results ol'eaiefui observation." «
G. W. Stipp, of Illinois, brigade surgeon, in a
letter wiitten at the general hospital, Jefferson
City, Missouri, says:
" in the repoits of your body I find you the advocate of
the rights, interests, and health of our volunteer soldiers,
against the worse than coimorant sutlers. J have been in
the department of Missouu since the *2ist September last,
on dutv as bugado suigcon and hospital inspector, and have
visited every post, regiment, company, or command, from
Paducah, Kentucky, to St. Joe and Kansas City, Missouri,
and have carefully noted the efTcets of sutlers' doings, m a
sanitaiy view. From all T could gather from suigeons,
honest otliceis, and men, at least ten per cent, of the woist
giade ot disease was charged tothesutlers Agreatei per-
centage of deaths should bo placed to their charge, in fur-
nishing unwholesome ai tides, and selling to men instable
to leave hospitals, who have died in a fewhoius alter from
dunking then sti^chnme whkk>, eating their rancid nuts,
and putt id animal food, *ueh as sausages, pies, &c.
" They aro the robbers of the pooi soldier, his wife and
childicn. They *ell their goods at from one to thice hun-
dred per cent, piolit. Often have I seen the soldier pay ten
cents for a stamped envelope, and five cents for a sheet of
papei,on winch to write a letter to wite and friends at
home. As a ela*s of men, rascal, swindler, and robber, are
stamped on their features. In camp I can almost always
pick out the sutler fiom among the hundreds, by histhiev-
mg-looknig countenance.
Jn halt the regiments the officer, or ofiiceis, are either
known or silent partneis with sntleis. I have witnessed
the paving of the tioops frequently. The paymastci has a
table foi himself and eleiks, and at tins table the sutler takes
his seat The soldiei comes foi waul, signs, his name, and
the paymaster count* down Ins money, when the sutler
puts his hand on it, takes it to himself and says,4 this don't
quite pay me.' The poor .soldiei asks foi a p.ut to send to
his wife, children, a«ied mother or lather. < No, no,' is the
answer. Tears fill his eyes, and he is compelled to give
piace to the next victim whom the adder has bitten.
u Some regiments have paid the sutler at paj -day over
mx thousand dollais, and fiequentlyhave 1 heaul them cx-
ul'uurly deelate fioin tluee to four thousand dollais piolits.
Manv a pom child, wile, niotlna, goes eohl and hungiy to
het lonely bed by the acts of these worse than highway
robbeis. The exception* are so tew that it is not woitii
wilting in favoi of them. The hospitals aie weighed down
h} tlieu doinc-—the giaveyaid-mo being rapidly filled by
their act*—the Annv is demobilized beyond a rational
beiiet.
'• Wipe them out tor ihe love of humanity and the honor
of the Government. God*-< euise must test upon the powers
rulmsrlor peinntting this wholesale robbeiy and swindling
of our p.uiiotie volunteei soldim. For God's sake thiovv
aiound them the protection of a law sufficient to save them
from temptation and sickness.
" WhtslvV of the mo-t deadly and health-dostioymgf kind
is constantly smuggled, and sold in kesrs and can< matked
mola-ses, ml, Sec , but it is rifted whisky. The medical and
Mugical staff appeal to youi body to wipe it out. Do not
cease yom labois, lot thousands will call you blessed toi
the cfioits you aie making. Ask Senator^, beir them to
pass the law; ask membeis of the House to pass the law,
and do it at once. You all have sons, bi others, neighbor,
and fiiuids in the Auny. JSavc the soldiei from diunkeu-
nc-^, disease, and death; save the officer* from dunking,
and being paities in inteie^t m &o foul a lobbeij. "
'• I re lei you to Pre-jdent Lincoln, (who has'known me
long.) Coi.fax, Lovejov, Portfk, the rieciet.uy of the
Tnteriei, ^enatois Tiifmbult,, Urownixo, ami !, nf
Indiana. Fiftj member o< the ilcu-e know me. and sev-
cial i'j the fcVnate. Maki what use vou please ol this iet-
tei; and may (iod .%o move upon th«) mombeis oi this Con-
giess that sutlers will onlv be known as a tl)in«r of the
past."
