1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
court say " by this act" not hy the Constitution
44 the power of deciding whether the exigency had
arisen, upon which the Government of the United
States is bound to interfere, is givCn to the Pres-
ident;" and that Congress "might, if they had
deemed it most advisable to do so, have placed it
in the power of thecourtto decide when the contin-
gency had happened which required the Federal
Government to interfere?" Because the court in a
subsequent part of their opinion argue to show
that the President, by virtue of his high office, was
a proper person for Congress to vest with this
power, my colleague insists that therefore he had
itfrom the Constitution,when thecourt expressly
say he gets it from the act of Congress. My col-
league, by parenthetically inseiting a few words
in his quotation of detached sentencesof this opin-
ion entirely perverts its meaning. This will, I
think, be apparent on my reading from his speech
some of the quotations with the interpolations.
Take the following:
u After the President [not Confess] lias acted and called
out the militia, b ;v circuit couit ot the United States* au-
thorized to inquire whether his decision was right*
* * * " It is said that this powei [the wai
power] in the President is dangoious to liberty, and may
be abused."
It will be observed that the words "not Con-
gress" arid the words " the wai power" are in-
terpolations. Now, the action of the President and
his power here spoken of were the action and
power to call forth the militia underact of Con-
gress, and not a denial of the power of Congress
itself to do it nor of" the war power," as the in-
terpolated parentheses would indicate.
But, sir, another decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States disposes ofall these questions,
decides that the power of confiscation is vested in
Congress and nowhere else, that the President pos-
sesses no such power undoi the law of nations,
and that the modern usage or law of nations does
not of itself by us own force constitute a rule
which acts upon property except, through the
sovereign power, the legislature. I refer to the
case of Brown vs. The United States, reported m
8 Crunch, (page 110,) in which the court say:
"Respecting the power of Government no doubt is en-
tertained. That war gives to the soveieign full ught to
t.ike the poisons and confiscate the ptoperty of tlx* enemy
wheiever found, is conceded. The mitigations ot* this rigid
Mile, winch humane and wise policy ol modem times h<i>
nitiodueed mto piaetiec, will moieoi le-s atlccf the e\ei-
ci-e of'tiiK i i ht, but cannot linpan the light itself. That
iemani> uiuhmiiiir-hed, and when the t.oveieign authority
shall ehoo-e to hung it into opeialion, the judicial dep.nt
incut luu-l gi\e cilci i io its will. But until that will shall
he e.vpie^cd, no power of condemnation can e\u t in the
court.'' v * i s * * s
" War pvs an equal right over per-ous and piopeity;
ami ifit-. declaration is not consulted <is> pre™ nbmgaUw
respecting the pei^on of an enemy found m oureountiy,
neither does it piescnbe a law toi his piopeity. The act
concerning alien enemies which confers on the Piesuicnt
veiy great discreunnaiy powers ie<p<>etmg their persons,
affords a stiong nnpheaUon that he did not possess those
poweis by vimie ot the deelauition of war.
"Tim4 act for the sate-keeping and accommodation of
pnsoneis of war,' in of the same character.
"Tiie act pmhibiting t.ade with the enemyeontainsthis
clause: ' Ami he \t jut (Iter c7iactcd,the I'lesidcntof
the United Stales ! <*, and he i % heieby, authouzed logive,
at an> time within mx months aitn the parage of tln-s act,
P'Hs{k its ioi the -ate tianspoitation of any ship oi other
piopeity Ik longing to lhiti>h subjeets, and winch is now
within the limits of the United States.'
The phiascology of this law shows that the piopertyof
a Biiti.sh - ubject w.is not eoiiMdeied by the iegisiatm-'as
being veMed in the United States by the declaiaiion of war,
and the aulhoiitv which the act eonfeison the Piesidentis
mainlcs-th coiisidcicd a^ one which he did not picviousiy
pOsM -s.s.
" If is mged that, in executing the law<ofwai,tho fixoc-
utive m.iy sri/e and the com ts condemn all piopeify which,
nceoiding to the "nodej it Jaw oi nations, is subject to con-
fiscation ; although it might i equire an a< t of the legisla-
ture to ju-'tii'v the condemnation of that piopeity which,
aceoiding to modem u-age, ought not to be confiscated.
"This aiiiutacnt must assume lor its ba.-as the position
that modern u.-age continues a rule which acts directly
upon the thing itself in its own foiee, and not thiough the
sovereign powei. Tins po.-itionis not allowed. Thtsusage
is a guide which the toveicjgn follow?. oi abandou.s at hit-
will. The rule, like other pieeepN of moraljrv, of human-
ity, and even of wisdom. isaddres-sed to the judgment oftlte
sovch ign, ai,d ahhougu it cannot be dt-icgarded by lum
without obloquy, jet it may be dwegardod.
•4 The rule i?, in u< natme. flexible. It ts subject to in-
finite modification. It is net an mnuutabie rule of law, but
depends on political con^ldeiatious., which may continually
vary. J J
-Conmieicial nations, m the situation of the United
fotates Lave always a considerable quantity of propem in
the up.scion of their nyighboi^. When war bicaks out
the question, what i-liall be done with enemy piopertvm
out commj,  •, a question lather of policy than ot law. The
rule wiiieli we apply to tiie piopeity of our enemy will be
applied by him to the piopeity of our citizcus. "Like all
other questions of policy, it is proper for the consideiation
of a department which can modify it at will, not tor the
consideration of a department which can pursue only the
law as it is written. It is proper for the consideration of
the legislature, not of the executive or judiciary.
" It appears'to the court, that the power of confiscating
enemy property is in the legislature, and that the legisla-
ture has not yet declared its will to confiscate property
which was within our teiritory at the declaration of war."
Chief Justice Marshall, in this opinion, effect-
ually disposes of the assumption that the Execu-
tive may.seizeand the courts condemn all property
which, according to the modern law of nations, is
subject to condemnation, as well as of that other
assumption that there is a law of nations higher
and above the sovereign power of the State, by
declaring that such law is but a guide which the
sovereign follows or abandons at will, and that
although it cannot be disrcgaidcd without oblo-
quy, yet it may be disregarded. If this were not
so, the extraordinary spectacle might be presented
of the courts of a country disavowing and annull-
ing the acts of their own Government in matters
of state and political diplomacy.
Another objection urged to the bill is, that it
confiscates the property of all absent rebels, in-
cluding those who have been unwillingly forced
into the confederate service as well as those who
have voluntarily entered it. A moment's reflec-
tion must satisfy all that this objection is without
force, for no court or commission would ever en-
force a penalty against a person who had been
compelled by force to commit the act of forfeiture.
The principle of law is too well settled to require
discussion, that no man can be held responsible
for acts which he had not the power to prevent;
nor is any saving^clause necessary in the bill to
protect the property of those forced int® the rebel-
lion from forfeiture, any more than there is for
such a clause to protect a man found among a band
of robbers or pirates, when he was able to show
that lie had been forced to join them. But if the
bill were obnoxious to this objection, which, in
my opinion, it is not, it would be easy to obviate
the difficulty by limiting its operation to the prop-
erty of such absent persons as shall join the re-
bellion without restraint.
Having shown, as I think, that the bill is not
of the sweeping character represented by Senators
who have spoken against it, that it is not obnox-
ious to the chargcs of unconstitutionally which
they have made, and that the war power is notin
the Ptesident, but in Congie^s, which has exei-
cised it from the foundation of the Government,
1 assume, as positions which cannot bo success-
fully controverted, that Congress, in providing for
the prosecution of the war ogamst the ir!>els,has
a right to ilii eet that sue.h means shall be resorted
to as it believes necessary and proper for the at-
tainment of the end of the war, which is the sup-
pression of the rebellion; and that no court can
set aside or annul any action which Congress may
take in the premises, for the reason that the Con-
stitution, by vesting in Congress the express power
'' to declare war," " to raise and support armies,"
provide for their government, " make rules con-
cerning captures on landand water,"and for sup-
pressing insurrection by force, has vested it also
with the discretion of determining what means are
necessary and proper to enable it to carry into
effect these granted powers. It does not belong
to the courts to determine how a war shall be pros-
ecuted, or what shall be done with the persons or
property of an enemy. Those are questions de-
pending on political considerations, which may
continually vary, and to be judged of by the so\-
ereign power, which in this country is the people,
who speak through their Representatives in Con-
gress so far as war matters are concerned. All
the courts can do is to aid in giving effect to the
sovereign will when expressed. The position that
in executing the laws of war, the Executive may
seize and the courts condemn all property, which,
according to the modern law of nations is subject
to confiscation, m the language of the Supreme
Coiut already quoted, "is not allowed," because
this law of natrons, as the court say, is only " a
guide which the sovereign follows or abandons
at his will." It is wholly dependent on our Gov-
ernment for its being recognized hereatail. The
rule in regard to the seizure and appropriation of
enemy property is stated in these words by writers
on international law:
" From the moment one State is at war with another, it
has, oil general pimciple.', a light to seize all the enemy's
piopeity, of whatsoever kind and \\heiesocvei found, and
to appjopiiatc the property thus taken to its own u^e or to
that of the captors.;J
My colleague in speaking of belligerent rights,
said:
" One of these is the right to take, confiscate, appropri-
ate, and dispose of, as we please, absolutely and forever,
all the movable pioperty of every kind and charactei be-
longing to the enemy individually and collectively, which
has any relation to the end of the war, and which tends to
our advantage hy stiengthening us or by weakening the
enemy, and dmiinishiug lus ability to carry on the war and
do us injury. "
'•'The exercise of this belligeient power, the asseitiorr of
this belligerent light ofsoizuie and confifC.Uion, in noscnte
and to no extent endangers the hheity of the citizen, nor
is there the least occasion fot aiaim in that regard."
This may seem stiange language on the part of
my colleague, when compared with another part
of his speech, in which he denounces this bill,
which does not propose to touch the property of
a single rebel, even, whose person is within the
reach of judicial process, in these words:
" The sure and certain effect of this bill would be to make
peace and reunion an impossible thimr. It would fiil the
heaits of the etitue people with despair, and nerve their
aims with the cneigy and desperation which despair iu-
spues. ] t would tuui to the blackness of night the lastglim-
mennghope of futuie fraternity between now alienated and
exaspeiated biethren."
What so alarms and horrifies my colleague and
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] is
notthatrebel property, to a limited extent, is pro-
posed to be confiscated, but that it is proposed to
be done in pursuance of laws enacted by the poo-
pie's representatives in Congress assembled, and
not left to the will and caprice of the President,
withoutlimitation oi restraintofany kind or char-
acter upon his power; and that, too, as I insist,
and think I have shown, in defiance of the very
terms of the Constitution, and of the well-con-
sidered decision of the Supreme Court in the case
of Brown vs. United States already refenud to.
But my object in making those quotations from
my colleague's speech was not to expose his in-
consistencies, but to establish what were the rights
of a belligerent, as even the opponents of this bill
admit. 1 admit the correctness of my colleague's
definition, except in his limitation of the power of
confiscation to "movable property." Neither
the elementary writers upon international law or
the Supreme Court make any such limitation.
Its propriety is another question; and for one, I
am unwilling thnt rebel chiefs, like Slidell and
Mason, who are said to be large landholders lti the
loyal States, and have escaped to foreign lands,
should be permitted to enjoy the fruits of their
estates situated within our jurisdiction, while the
lives and pi operty of thousands of loyal men have
been sacrificed and a debt incurred which will be
a burden on the country for genetations to come
in consequence of the wicked rebellion which
they have inaugurated.
That we have the right to exercise belligerent
rights towards the persons and property of those
in arms against the Government, and who are
fighting for its overthrow, even the opponents of
this bill admit. When a rebellion becomes so
formidable as to be able to muster armies of lmn-
dieds of thousands of men and maintain itself in
arms against the forces of the Government for
almost a year, it surely has attained a magnitude
entitling it to be called a civil war; and interna-
tional law wiiters ngrec that the common laws of
war arc to be observed in a civil war in the same
manner as in a war between independent States.
If, therefoie, in waging war against a foreign
nation, the United States could confiscate the prop-
erty of the enemy through an act of Congress,
and only in pursuance of an act of Congress, as
decided by the Supreme Court, it follows that they
may now confiscate the property of the rebels.
It matters not whether the war we are waging
be with foreign or domestic enemies, our rights
against them are the same while the war contin-
ues; and in the prosecution of the war we have a
rio-ht, for the time being, to treat all parts of the
country which arc m possession of the rchois, and
where the laws of the Union are overborne, as
foreign.
This principle was settled by a decision of the
Supreme Court m the case of the United States
vs. Rice, (4 Wheaton, 246,) in which it was held
that the town of Castine, m Maine, which was
taken possession of and occupied by the IVttisli
for several months during the war of 1812, was,
while in then possession, as respects our revenue
laws, to be deemed a foreign country, so that goods
