1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4J
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Expulsion of a Senator—Mr. Latham,
Senate.
although I knew that the instruments of the revolutionary
despotism temporalily established there were doing every-
thing in their power to suppress all conect information, it
was nevertheless apparent that information of the most
important chaiacter was disseminated through the mails.
Actuated by such views, I was not only disposed to con-
tinue the service in existence when I came into office, but
even to restore it wiieie it had been discontinued by my
predecessor; and for this purpose, at an early day, I sent a
special agent to the South to establish the principal offices
which had been discontinued. But the insurrectionary
leaders comprehending, I believe, as I did, the effect of the
mails upon tiieir power, refused then to allow those offices
to be reestablished, and more recently have excluded the
mails from all portions oi the countiy in which their mili-
tary power is established. While the nuiitaiy despotism
which was organized in secret clubs by the conspirators is
suffered to dominate ovei the people of the South, there is
no means of ascertaining whether the policy 1 have pursued
has been advantageous or not. But I have no doubt that
the people of the South will vindicate it and themselves
the first moment that they are liberated from theeiuel des-
potism which now prevails. The discontinued seivice, as
appears by a detailed statement hctcwith submitted, co^t
the Government $3,09f>,427 24 over and above the leceipts
therefrom.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
' M. BLAIR,
Postmaster General,
The Speaker of the Howe of Representatives.
It is also another notorious fact that the Pres-
ident of the United States, to whom was intrusted
the guardianship and protection of the honor of
the Government, with whom was vested the power
to put down rebellion, to use all the means neces-
sary to sustain the nation,issued his first procla-
mation enforcing the blockade of the southern
ports on the 19th day of April, 1861. That proc-
lamation applied to the States of South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Texas. The blockade was subsequently, on the
27th day of April, extended over the ports of
North Carolina and Virginia—nearly ten days
after the first proclamation; while the proclama-
tion calling out volunteers to protect the capital,
and to sustain the Government in its resort to co-
ercion, was not issued until the 3d day of May,
1861. Let me present these proclamations to the
Senate:
the blockade.
To all whom it may concern:
United States Flag-ship Cumberland,
Off Fortress Monroe, Virginia, April 30, 1861.
I hereby call iittention to the proclamation of his Excel-
lency Abiaham Lincoln, Piesident of the United States, un-
der date of April 27, 1861, for an efficient blockade of the
ports of Virginia and North Carolina, and warn all prions
interested that I have a sufficient naval force heic lor the
puiposc of canjing oat that pioclamauon.
All vessels passing the Gapes of Virginia, coming ftom a
distance, and ignorant of the proclamation, will be warned
off, and those passing Fortress Monroe will be required to
anchor under the guns of that fort, and subject themselves
to an examination.
G. J. PENDERGRAST,
Flag Officer commanding Home Squadron.
a. proclamation
By the President of the United States of America.
Whereas, for the reasons assigned in my proclamation
of the 19th instant, a blockade of the ports of the States
of South CdiohnAj Georgia, Flouda, Alabama, Louisiana,
Mississippi, and Texas was ordered to be established.
And whereas, since that date, public property of the Uni-
ted States has been seized, the collection of the revenue
obstructed, and dul}' commissioned officeis of the United
States, while engaged in executing the orders of theii supe-
riors, have been airested and held in custody as prisoners,
or have been impeded in the discharge of their official du-
ties without due legal process, by persons claiming to act
undei authority of the States of Virginia and North Caro-
lina. an efficient blockade ol the ports of those States will
also be established. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the President:
William II. Seward, Secretary of Slate.
Washington, April 27,1861.
a proclamation
By the President of the United States.
Whereas, existing exigencies demand immediate and
adequate measures tor the protection of the national Con
stitution and the preseivation of the national Union, by the
8UDt>rc«iou of the msuirectionaiy combinations now exist-
ing in seveial States foi opposing the laws of the Union and
obstiuetm" the execution theicof, to which end a imhtaiy
force in addition to that called foith by my pioclamation of
the 15th day of April, in the present year, appeals to be in-
dispensably necessaty; now, therefore, f, Abiaham Lin-
coln, President of the United States, and Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navv thereof, and of the militia of
the several States when called into actual service, do hcie-
bv call into the service of the United States forty-two thous-
and and thirty-four voluntas, to sei ve for a period of throe
veais, unless sooner discharged, and to be mustered into
service as infantry and cavaiiy. The piopoiuons of each
arm, and the details of enrollment and oigamzation will be
made known through the Department of War; and I also
direct that the regular Army of the United States be in-
creased, by the addition of eight regiments of infantry, one
regiment of cavalry, and one regiment of artillery, making
altogether a maximum increave of twenty-two thousand
seven hundred and fourteen officers and enlisted men, the
details of which increase will also be made known through
the Departmeiitof War; and Ifuuherdnecttheenlistment,
for not le&s than one nor moie than three years, ofeighteen
thousand seamen, in addition to the present foice, tor the
naval service of the United States. The details of the en-
listment and organization will be made known through the
Department of the Navy. The call for volunteers hereby
made, and the direction for the inciease of the regular
Army, and for the enlistment of seamen heieby given, to-
gether with the plan of organization adopted for the volun-
teers and for the legular forces hereby authorized, will be
submitted to Congress as soon as assembled.
In the mean time, I earnestly invoke the cooperation of
all good citizens in the mcasmes hereby adopted for the
effectual suppiossion of unlawful violence, tor the impar-
tial enforcement ot Constitutional law>, and for the speed-
iest pos®ible restoration of peace and order, and with those
of happiness and prospeiitv thioughout out country.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the Piesident:
William II. Seward, Secretary of State.
Washington, Friday, MayS, 1861.
Now, what follows from these facts? Simply
this: that if the Senator from Minnesota is right
in his denunciation of the Senator from Indiana,
as having been guilty of treason in writing this
letter on the 1st day of March, then the Admin-
istration—your Government—was guilty of a far
greater treason in alio wing for six, eight, ten weeks
munitions of war to be carried South, and com-
munications from disloyal citizens of the North
to the disloyal citizcns of the South through the
medium of your postal communication. If he
wrote a letter simply recommending a gentleman
—a letter that was never delivered, a mere decla-
ration of personal sentiment upon his part—how
insignificant must be his guilt in the eyes of the
country, as compared to the guilt of your Gov-
ernment and its chief in authority in allowing for
eight weeks and upwards arms and munitions of
war to go peaceably from the North to the South,
and getting into their possession everything cal-
culated to make their rebellion a success. Here
is an inconsistency that 1 have not yet heard ex-
plained by any gentleman who professes adher-
ence to the dominant party.
It proves nothing to my mind, except that at the
date of this letter by the Senator from Indiana, the
constituted authorities did not believe there would
be war; that the Senator from Indiana did not be-
lieve it; that he had no more disloyal intent in his
lieai t in the sending of this letter of introduction
to the president of the so-called confederate States
than Mr. Lincoln, or Governor Chase, or your
Secretary of War had in permitting munitions of
war to go freely from the northern to the southern
ports, in allowing produce to go from the West,
and in allowing the free intercourse of the mails.
They believed just as you believed, and as I be-
lieved, and as we all believed, that reason would
soon assert her sway, and thcie would be a peace-
ful solution to all our troubles.
The honoiable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] in his remarks the other day, saw fit to
comnlam of the honorable Senator troffl Indiana,
who'is now on trial, because he was opposed to
the doctrine of coercion. It is tiuc tins is not a
cause stated in the resolution why he should be
expelled from this body; but among other reasons
as going to show the treasonable intent on his part
in the writing of this communication, the Senator
savs Mr. Bright was and has been opposed to the
doctrine of coercion ! Why, Mr. President, up
to the taking of Sumter—which fell on the 12th
day of April—1 have read enough to show thatit
was the settled policy of our Government, it was
the settled policy of the Administration itself, nay,
, sir, it was the settled policy of good judgment and
reason everywhere, that the Government should
not resort to the coercive power, to itsstiongarm,
unless driven to it by greater exigencies than had
at that time disclosed themselves. I say that was
I the opinion, not only of this body, from extracts
l which I have read, but it was the opinion of the
i constituted authorities—the present Administra-
I lion. And I may go further and say it was the
| general opinion of the press throughout the coun-
. try; and many that are to-day howling after the
' blood of the Senator from Indiana, who.aie ex-
,! cecdmgly anxious to see judgment visited upon
il him at our hands, were then openly advocating
\\ the allowance, if necessary, of these States to go
II in peace rather than resort to the strong arm of the
H Government to suppress and crush out this rebel-
lion. Let me read what a distinguished editor—
named by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
a " horrible monster;" a monstrum horrendutn—
told the country on the 8th day of December, 1860
—he who is now so excessively anxious that a
victim be made; that the dignity of the country
be vindicated by hurling indignantly the Senator
from Indiana from our presence. A letter was
addressed to him by A. L. Post, dated Montrose,
Pennsylvania, December 4,1860, making certain
inquiries; and in response Mr. Greeley says:
"As to what Congress may be bound, in a certain con-
tingency, to do, we will not decide. It is fai more to the
purpose to decide what Congicss can and mil do. And we
again avow our deliberate conviction that, whenever.sixor
eight contiguous States shall have formally seceded liom
the Union, and avowed the pretty unanimous and earnest
resolve of their people to Umj out, it will not be foundpiac-
tieabie to coerce them into "subjection ; and we doubt that
any Congress can bo found to direct and provide for such
coercion. One or two States may be coerced; not an en-
tire section or quarter of the Union. If you do not believe
this, wait and see,"—Ncv: York Tribune, December 8, I860.
This was not only the tone of this great leading
press, but it was the tone of a majority of the pa-
pers throughout the country who openly held, in
conjunction with those in authority, as I have
already stated, that the policy of this Government
was not to resort to the strong arm of power in
bringing these people back witlnn the folds of the
Union.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky
draws ail inference prejudicial to the Senator from
Indiana,from the fact that he voted for Mr. Breck-
inridge at the presidential election, who is now in
opon'arms against the Government, and who has
been expelled from this body; and, forsooth, in
consequence of that vote, in connection with other
acts, as he said, lie was satisfied in his own mind
of his disloyalty to this Government. There
would be just about as much propriety in my
arguing that because any Senator 011 this floor
chose to vote for Mr. Bell, another candidate for
the Presidency, (who is now an open and avowed
disloyal citizen of your Government, and who,
according to ltimor, I do not know whether true
or untrue, has a large iron manufactory molding
cannon and making munitions of war for the
southern confederacy,) I should be from that vote
justified in pronouncing judgment against his loy-
alty. Here is the language of the Senator from
Kentucky:
" What couisc did the gentleman himself take ill that
election, if 1 am coricctly mfoimed? Why was it that a
ticket WK run for John 0. Bieckmridge 111 the State of In-
diana? Why was a ticket run for John C. ISieckiniidgc 111
the State of Illinois; Why was a ticket run for John C.
Bieckmridge in many other States? It was simply to ab-
stract that many votes firan Douglas, in ordei to give those
Slates certainly, or probably, at least, to Lincoln, and se-
cure bis election, and brni^ about the condition 011 winch
these southern traitors were to dissolve tile Government."
Mr. President, 1 advocated (I happened to be
where I could not vote for him) the election of
Mr. Breckinridge. 1 did it because 1 believed—
and 1 have no hesitation in saying it—that I10
stood upon the proper platform upon which a_
. President .should be elevated to power. 1 was one
\ of eight hundred thousand people who supported
| him. The Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son,] if I recollect aright, now a great leader in
our Union cause, also advocated Mr. Breckin-
ridge's election.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question, and to make a suggestion ?
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. My complaint, of the Senator
from Indiana was, not that he voted for Mr. Breck-
inridffe; but it was that, in the State of Indiana,
!' and in other States where there was no hope what-
ever that Mr. Bieckinr'dge could carry the eiec-
, toral vote, but, on the contrary, where it was ob-
vious that lie would get a very few votes, the
policy of running an electoral ticket for him in
such States was to diminish the probabilities of
the election of Douglas, and to secure the prob-
abilities of the election of Lincoln.
Now, the gentleman from California avows that
he approved of the principles of Mr. Breckinridge
as a candidate for the Presidency, if I understand
him.
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, among those principles one
of the leading ones is this: if I understood Mr.
Breckinridge^ politics at' the time, he was a be-
