540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
tacky, scarcely deigning- to notice the charge upon
which the resolution is based, breaking loose from
those restraining influences which, he says, too
often govern " some gentlemen, able men—very
able men too, men of enlarged patriotism, of emi-
nent public and private virtue, that have pursued
the profession of the law so long, either as prac-
titioners, counselors, and solicitors, or as judges,
thattheirminds become too contracted for enlarged
statesmanship and the great principles of policy
and moral justice upon which Governments ought
to be administered, and upon which alone they
can be wisely administered"—reviews the past
political action, party associations, and social re-
lations of the Senator arraigned, and finds in these
sufficient cause for his expulsion. If others, Mr.
President,cannotsoconclude from such premises,
the fault may not be in the argument, but in them-
selves, from the fact, as the Senator says, that
they have " dwarfed their minds to such an extent
that they cannot reason on the expansive principle
and sentiment and consideration that ought to guide
and to control the largest and wisest statesman-
ship." The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] generally cool—I had supposed always
desirous to be just—forgetting that he is a judge,
and assuming the guilt of the accused, turns upon
him with indignant scowl and menacing gesture,
and pronounces him traitor. " How," exclaims
the Senator, " could we excuse ourselves to the
country?" "How shall we justify ourselves to
the honorable Senator from Virginia," [Mr. Car-
ljle ?] The dread of the populace invoked, the
supposed prejudices of a Senator appealed to, and
the invocation and the appeal not made to, but by,
a judge ! Verily, the Mountain reigns, and woe to
him that is not of the Mountain !
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The gentleman will
pardon me for interrupting him for a moment. I
understood him to say that I had traveled out of
the record to talk about the doctrine of coercion.
If the gentleman will look a little further, he will
find that the letter of the 7th of September, writ-
ten to Mr. Fitch, was referred to the Judiciary
Committee, and made one of the papers in this
case; and upon that letter I based my argument.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I assure the Senator that
I shall not do injustice to his argument. Before
I get through I shall notice the letter to which he
now alludes, and show that, although that letter
was referred to the Judiciary Committee, it con-
stitutes no part of the record in this case, even if
it contains objectionable matter.
Mr. President, the administration of criminal
justice, in no age and in no civilized country, can
furnish an example of injustice so gross as that
practiccd towards the accused Senator in the
Chamber of his peers. In no court, where the
principles of the common law arc recognized and
administeicd, would any judge dare to pass sen-
tence for matter foreign to the record, and no court,
not barbarous itself, would allow even a public
prosecutor to prejudice the cause of the accused by
urging against him matters to which he had not
been notified to plead. But in the opinion ofsome
Senators, the public expects, demands the deed;
and wluit modern patiiot would not sacrifice jus-
tice and right to please the public?
Mr. President, there is a record in this case;
and it is that record, the matters therein contained,
that this Senate, acting in a judicial capacity, are
now trying. It is as follows:
Whereas Hon. Jesse D. Bright, heretofore on the 1st
day ot March, I8G1, wrote u lettci, of winch the following
is a copy:
Washington, March 1, 1861.
My Dkar Sir: Allow me to introduce toyout acquamt
ance my friend Thomas 1J. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital, mainly to dispose ot what he icgards a great
improvement in fire-aims. 1 recommend linn to ) our favor-
able cons-'ideiation as a gentleman of the first respectability,
and reliable in every respect.
Very tiuly youis, JESSE U. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Conj deration of States.
And whereas we believe the said letter is evidence of dis-
loyalty to the United Slates, awl is calculated to give aid
and comfort to the public enemies: Therefore,
Be it re&olveJ, That the said Jesse I). Bright is ex-
pelled from his seat in the Senate of the United States.
This is the charge and the whole charge upen
■which you have any right to act. To this the
Senator from Indiana has been notified to plead,
and to this only; and to this he has pleaded- The
writing of the letter is admitted. The issue pre-
sented by the record is, was the writing of that
letter " evidence of disloyalty" to the United
States, and is that letter ** calculated to give aid
and comfort to the public enemies:" Of these
you must be satisfied, or you cannot remove the
Senator.
I shall not consume much of the time of the Sen-
ate in demonstrating the utterimprobability of the
affirmative of this issue being true. That has al-
ready been successfully done—to my mind at least
—by the Senators from Pennsylvania, New York,
and New Jersey, [Messrs. Cowan, Harris,and
Ten Eyck.] When the passions of the present
hour shall have passed away and been forgotten,
the future readers of this debate will dwell with
delight upon the impartial and able speeches of
the Senators just alluded to as bright spots upon
the darkened records of the times, evidencing the
fact that the just man will think justly and act
justly under any and all circumstances.
The meaning of this letter has been either
grossly misunderstood or grossly perverted. It
has been by some represented as an offer by Mr.
Bright to sell to Jefferson Davis an improved
fire-arm, or as an invitation by him to Davis to
buy an improved fire-arm. It is neither one nor
the other. It is simply a note of introduction,
nothing more and nothing less. When reduced
to its elements, it is simply this: " Mr. Davis, I
introduce to you my friend, Mr. Thomas B. Lin-
coln, of Texas. He is a gentleman of the first
respectability, and reliable in every particular."
if the latter words in the formal introduction are
obnoxious to any objection, it is only to that of
being in bad taste, and being surplusage; for in
every such case the introduction to a stranger of
one whom you represent as your friend implies
that the party introduced, by reason of sustain-
ing to you the relation of friend, is a gentleman,
and a gentleman of respectability, and a gentle-
man reliable in every particular. Neither does
the fact that the object of Lincoln's visit to Mont-
gomery is stated in the letter change its character,
or add to or dimmish its criminality. It nowhere
appears that Mr. Bright recommended Lincoln
to go; it nowhere appears that he recommended
the character or quality of the fire-arm; and it no-
where appears that he recommended Davis to pur-
chase it. Had Lincoln visited Davis, the omis-
sion in the letter of the words objected to would
not have been of any effect, either good or bad.
Lincoln could have stated the object of his visit,
and would have stated the object of his visit,
whether that object was or was not stated in the
letter. In effect, the objectionable words amount to
this, and nothing more: " Lincoln says he visits
your capital to dispose of what he (not I) regards
us an improved fire-arm."
The giving of a note of introduction will, I pre-
sume, be admitted not to be sufficient causc for
expulsion. If you expel, therefore, you will do
it because the writer of the note states what the
bearer says is the object of his visit. I submit
that expulsion for such cause is expulsion with-
out cause, and wholly indefensible.
Again: look at the parties to this transaction
and tell me can any fair-minded man believe that
wrong could possibly be intended, and that injury
could possibly result to this Government from
writing that letter? Who was Jefferson Davis?
A man bred to arms; a soldier, and an able sol-
dier; one acquainted with the nature and charac-
ter of every fire-arm used in military warfare,
cither in ancient or modern times. Can it reason-
ably be supposed that such a man, if he desired
to purchase or grant a patent right for the manu-
facture of fire-arms, would be influenced by the
judgment of Jesse D. Bright, a civilian, even
had such judgment been volunteered? And can you
reasonably believe that Mr. Bright was so vain
as to suppose that an able and experienced sol-
dier would purchase on his recommendation? It
does not appear that any fire-arm of the pattern
which Mr. Lincoln supposed an improvement has
ever been made; but it does appear that he never
represented its qualities to Mr. Davis, for this let-
ter was found upon the person of Lincoln in the
State of Ohio months after it was written. " My
blood runs cold in my veins," says the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] "when I reflect that
some of our brave soldiers at Bull Run may have
received their death from the use. of this improved
fire-arm." Thank Heaven, the Senator's blood
shall again course warmly through his veins. Not
Brown's Jamaica ginger, nor other apothecary's
stuff, shall be the restorative; but the simple re-
flection that it does not appear that any such fire-
arm was ever used or made. But the spirit of the
remark, and the objcct of the remark! Verily,
the Mountain reigns, and woe to him that is not
of the Mountain. *•
But, sir, other objections have been taken to
this letter. Its address and its subscription, say
some, are evidence of disloyalty. " My dear sir"
is its commencement,"very trulyyours"itscon-
clusion, and " Jefferson Davis, president of the
confederation of States," its address. Mr. Presi-
dent, can it be possible that the human under-
standing can be so clouded, and the hum&n judg-
ment so perverted, as to find in these expressions
evidence of disloyalty to the United States? If
there be criminality at all it is in writing any kind
of a letter to Jefferson Davis. If you admit that
writing to him under any circumstances may be
innocent, then there can be no criminality in ad-
dressing him, formally, as "my dear sir, as you
would address any other person, nor in formally
subscribing yourself "very truly, yours," as you
would do in writing to any other person. Sup-
pose, in writing to you, I subscribe myself "your
most obedient and very humble servant," do I
mean to acknowledge you as my master, and that
with humility I will do your bidding whatever it
may be? Or do I only use as a formal conclusion
to my letters words commonly used in epistolary
correspondence? You have occasion to write to
a total stranger on matters of business, and you
address him as " my dear sir;" does this prove
that the man is in fact a person dear to you, that
his purposes are your purposes, that his desires
your desires, his hopes your hopes, his good your
good, or does it only evidence that in addressing
him you have complied with the customary usage
of polite society ?
But why address him as president of the con-
federation of States? Why did officers of the
British Governmentaddress George Washington,
the leader of our glorious revolutionary rebels
whom they despised, and whom they would have
hanged, as Ge?iera£ George Washington. Because
it was the title he claimed, and to which he was
entitled by the commission of a rebel Congress.
And why does General Halleck address Steiling
Price as General Sterling Price? And why do you
call Beauregard General Beauregard ? Because it
is the title they claim and by which they are com-
monly known, and not because either he or you
recognize the validity of their commissions. But
it is said that he made haste to acknowledge as-
sumed titles; that he anticipated you in this par-
ticular; and for this you will expel him. Oh! the
importance of a moment, according to the rules
governing in the court of etiquette. "Verily, the
Mountain reigns, and woe to him that is not of
the Mountain.
Mr. President, I will pursue this branch of the
subject no further. If it was not criminal to write
to jefferson Davis on the 1st day of last March
under any circumstances, then the writing of this
letter was not criminal, it may have been impru-
dent so far as the Senator himself is concerned as
giving an oppoitunity to his enemies to impugn
his motives and to defame his character; but if
prudence under all circumstances is to be consid-
ered a test of loyalty, and imprudence a cause for
expulsion, the country will be left, I apprehend,
with but few faithful citizens, and the Senate with
no members save the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner.]
Here, Mr. President, I ought perhaps to close,
for here ends all that is pertinent to the question
before the Senate. But the Senator from Kentucky,
whose mind is not " too contracted for enlarged
statesmanship," discussing this question, as he
would have us believe, " on the expansive princi-
ple and sentiment and consideration that ought to
guide and to control the largest and wisest states-
manship," has alluded to matters which, though
foreign to the case,arc calculated, if notproperly
noticed, to awaken a prejudice against the accused,
and has advocated principles which, if recognized
in practice, would destroy not only the freedom
of private opinion and the independence of indi-
vidual action, but would forever destroy the inde-
pendence of the representative character, and make
the fluctuating will of a majority of this body the
