2522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Mr. GRIMES. As it seems we have a quorum
now, I will withdraw the motion.
The result was then announced—yeas 13, nays
22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Cowan, Dixon, Grimes, Har-
ris, King, Latham, McDongall, Simmons, Sumner, Wade,
Wilmor^and Wilson of Massachusetts—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Da-
vis, Doohttle, Fesseriden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan,
Howard, Howe,Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Pomeroy, Pow-
ell, Rice, Staik, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wright—22.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. RICE. I wish to move a reconsideration
of the vote just taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to reconsider the vote just taken, in
relation to the duty on wine made of grapes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I prefer, before the ques-
tion of reconsideration is determined upon, to say
a word or two; and I think the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] prefers saying a word or
two about it. There is some misunderstanding
on the subject. I understood the amendment to
strike out to be reported from the committee; and
it was not understood by the Senate. The matter
was discussed in the committee at some length,
and I belie\e the opinion generally entertained by
the committee was, that it was wise to strike out
this particular tax.
The production of the native wine has been
considered a thing to be promoted, I think, in all
parts of the country. We pay large premiums
in California for the purpose of encouraging its
production there. Wc havesentagents to Europe
to find the best vines and the best mode of cul-
ture, and the best mode of production. It lias
been thought,and welt thought, that by the intro-
duction ofa native wine wc shall, in the first place,
get rid of the bad wines of Europe, their medi-
cated wines, and have a genuine wine of our own
from Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, California,and many
other States of the Union. The enterprise is in
itsinfancy. Itoperates toward both national pros-
perity and national morality; and such is theopin-
lon, I believe, of the entire country. Ithasbeen
considered to be a thing that States should favor
by legislation and by bounty, and it is favored by
particular localities in the same manner. For these
reasons, and because the enterprise is in its in-
fancy, because it is behoved to be a beneficial en-
terprise, both as a matter of export and as a sub-
ject of homo consumption, it has been thought
wise to promote it. Such was the judgment of
the committee, as I understand it, in considering
this subject. In voting upon this subject a mo-
ment ago, I believe the Senate did not understand
that that was the opinion of the committee.
I will ask whether, when the great culture and
production of wine was started about Cincinnati,
m Ohio, it was not regarded as a great feature of
American enterprise, and, if it could be accom-
plished, as a success and a great thing for our
country. Such was the voice of the nation, and
so it has been from that time until now. It will
supersede other elements more noxious; and be-
sides that, it will prevent the introduction from
abroad of a large body of foreign wines that
amount to a great tax upon the wealth of the coun-
try; for, if you look into the statistics, you will
find that the importation of German, French,
Spanish, and Portuguese wines into the country
amounts to a very considerable portion of our ta>..
We can supply a genuine and true article to take
theplaceof thatwhich we i cceivc from them, doc-
tored, medicated, and unhealthy. I trust the Sen-
ate will look at this thing as an enterprise not to he
oppressed by taxation, but rather to be promoted,
as wc have in California promoted it, by legisla-
tion and by sending agents abroad, as Ohio has
done the same thing, and as is beingdone through-
out the country where the vine grows, and where
it can be cultivated. I think, myself, it is one of
the m&st laudable enti i prises m the countiy. I
trust that the motion may be leconsidered ; that
this little ent'Tpi ise, which may be crushed in its
infancy, will not be interfered with by legislation.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word to say
in regard to this matter. I have been trying to
learn from the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance whai the estimate was as to the amount of
tevenue that would be derived from this tax, pro-
vided it was laid; but, as I understand, there was
no data before that committee on which any opin-
ion could be based. I apprehend, ftom my knowl-
edge of the subject—it isnotcjuite so extensive as
it ought to be, I confess—that the aggregate
amount of the tax would be very small, indeed.
I am satisfied it would not pay the cost of collec-
tion. I know that it would not in some sections
of the country where it is produced, pay the cost.
There is some small amount produced in the State
in which I reside, and some m the vicinity where
I live. It is not in the hands of large manufactur-
ers, as it is in Cincinnati or as it is in St. Louis.
There you might be able to ascertain the amount
of production, and easily get at the amount of the
tax; but in my country, and in some other sec-
tions, you would be compelled to go into every
man's family. It is part of every man's garden.
They have one eighth, one fourth, or one half an
acre, and some as high as one acre, and make a
barrel or two of this wine 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has not the Senator seen
the general clause excepting the wines where the
amount is not over §600?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ate that the wine is not made by the party who
grows the grape, but by the person who has the
facility of gathering up the grapes of the neigh-
borhood. He manufactures ail the vintages of the
neighborhood.
Mr. WADE. I think it is a small business.
Mr. GIMMES. I concur with the Senator that
it is a very small business. I do not know
whether he referred to the remarks I was making,
or the subject we were discussing.
Mr. WADE. I referred to the subject-matter.
This is a small and growing culture in my State,
which I think ought to be encouraged rather than
discouraged. This tax will only embarrass the
bill, and we shall get nothing from it. That is all
there is about it.
^lr. GRIMES. It is my conscientious convic-
tion that you will realize very little, if anything,
from it. 1 do not believe you will realize one cent
beyond the cost of collection, and you will make
your law odious to a class of people now patriotic
and industrious, but to whom you cannot very
well explain and make understand the reason why
this tax is levied. I would rather you would put
this tax on our whisky that is manufactured from
corn. Tax that higher, if you arc desirous of
doing so; we are willing to stand that; wc are
able to stand that; and what you aie going to levy
here on wine, take off and put it on whisky.
Mr. WADE. I should like to inquire of gen-
tlemen, for I really do not know, whether there
is a tax sought to be levied oia the article of cider
made in the country?
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. WADE. Why should wine stand on any
other principle than that? There is a hundred
times more cider made and drank in this country
than wine, and there is no difference between the
one and the other. This tax would be a very vex-
atious thing, and would cost more to collect than
it would amount to. It would discourage those
who believe they arc in the pursuit ofa laudable
enterprise—one that is consistent with the welfare
of the country. They believe it is a meritori-
ous thing to produce this wine, for it drives out
of the market more noxious articles. I think it
should be encouraged rather than discouraged, and
I hope we shall not attempt to put this tax upon
it, for it will only cause vexation, and amount to
n othing.
" Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me call the attention
of gentlemen to this clause, on the 84th page, in
these words:
Thar nl! good<, ware, and merchandise, or articles man-
ufactured or made by any poison or persons not foi sale,
but lor lux, her, or tlieir "own u«e or consumption, and all
a<>od-i, waio-, and incichandisc or articles inanulaeturert
or made and -old, except spirituous and malt liquor and
manufactured tobacco, whoie the annual pioduet shall not
exi eed the >-um shall be and are exempt from duty.
Ii does not touch any of the cases of which Sen-
ators have been speaking.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the consti uction the Sen-
ator from Maine puts on this matter is correct, the
lax is the merest'piece of idleness. I know a
great portion of those engaged in the cultivation
of the grape. The great portion is raised by Ger-
mans, who probably have half an acre of land on
the hill-sides about Cincinnati and that region of*
country. You propose to go to tins German, who
probably will be able to express three barrels of
this juice from Ins wine press, say one hundred
or even two hundred gallons an acre—that is about
the average crop—and if he produces one or two
hundred gallons, you go and collect of him five or
ten dollars. It is a small matter for the Govern-
ment of the United States to look into. This wine
is not produced as whisky is, for a single manu-
facturing establishment will produce more whisky
than all the wine of the whole country is worth.
I have a table before me showing that the highest
production in this country at any time has been
about a million of gallons. If you should collect
the tax on every gallon it would amount to $50,000.
If all that is manufactured by the little dealers is ex-
cluded, you will not colleet anything. It will be
merely to retain on your list a tax that is obnox-
ious and unpleasant. I did not understand that
these specific articles were exempted, if they did
not reach over $600.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are.
Mr. SHERMAN. If they are, the tax is only
idle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
what he supposes the amount Mr. Longworth
manufactures in the course of a year would come
to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt very much whether
he makes of his production five thousand gallons.
He receives the expressed juice from these small
dealers, purchases it from them,and manufactures
it into his sparkling Catawba, and then it is'cov-
ered by the tax of three per cent, on the manufac-
tured article. I have no ob jection to its being cov-
ered by the ordinary tax when manufactured, but
the expressed juice of the grape is produced by
such small dealers, and in such small quantities,
that to attempt to pursue it would be perfectly
idle. You would go to patriotic people, a class
of people who have shown themselves very patri-
otic in this war, and disturb them in a little thing
which they have supposed they have been con-
tributing to the public weal in cultivating. I do
not care anything about the amount of this tax.
You may add it on various other articles produced
in this country; but I know that this is a matter
in which people have taken a great deal of inter-
est, in cultivating wine, rather for the good of the
country than for any other purpose, and to have
a little domestic wine in the family household,
just as the housewife would have a barrel of curd
wine stowed away in the cellar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This does not touch that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may, and if it does it
ought not to do so. It seems to me it is too small
a matter to be pressed here. I do not see any use
in discriminating between the expressed juice of
the apple and the expressed juice of the grape.
What is the difference ? They are both mere vege-
table productions, both fruits. There is no differ-
ence; and I give notice that if this tax is insisted
upon, I shall want to put a tax on New Jersey
cider, and a tax on other expressed juiccs of fruits.
, I think it is pursuing a little matter which ought
not to be disturbed.
Mr. GRIMES. There is this difference be-
tween this and cider, that every man in New
England who has an orchard can make his own
cider, and put it into a cellar, and it will keep
pretty well.
Mr. HALE. No; it does not.
Mr. GRIMES. It would not keep with the
Senator, I know; but with a great many people
it will keep very well. [Laughter.] When you
manufacture wine, the more there is manufactured
at a place the better the wine is. These small
producers of grapes have not got wine cellars,
which are peculiarly constructed low down in
the ground, and arched over like the casemate of
a fort; and they take their small amount of grapes
to the person who owns this wine cellar, and
there it is manufactured into wine. The grape
manufactured at that place would be taxed under
this bill, although it may be manufactured for
another individual.
Mr. HOWE. This bill, which is designed to
raise a revenue of one hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred millions of dollars, came to this body one day
fiom the House of Representatives. It was referred
to the Finance Committee. We found a great vari-
ety of projects here for raising revenue. They pro-
posed that any man who kept a tavern should pay a
license for the sake of getting revenue, not for the
sake of encouraging the business; that the man
who wanted a pair of boots should pay consider-
able revenue to the Government in order to get
them; the child that wants a stick of candy should
