1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
most of those who own slaves are now in arms
against the Government. This gives to the Gov-
ernment the power to destroy them and all they
possessif necessary to suppress the rebellion; and
Congress is vested by the Constitution with the
discretion ofdetermining what means shall be used
to accomplish the object; not only so, but it is
made the duty of Congress to provide for sup-
pressing the insurrection. In making this provis-
ion, is it not wise that Congress should so act,
that if men will fight and war against the Govern-
ment, they shall not do so without the loss of that
species of property which has been the impelling
power to drive them into rebellion, and thereby
take away any motive for repeating the experi-
ment when this rebellion shall have been sup-
pressed? Such an opportunity to strike a blow
for freedom seldom occurs as that now presented
to the American Congress.
As most of the owners of slaves are engaged in
the rebellion, and will probably continue so for
some time, the effect would be, if this bill were
speedily enacted into a law, that they would by
their own act give freedom to most of the slaves
in the country, and thus would be solved, in a
great measure, through the agency of this wicked
rebellion, the great question, what is to bo done
with African slavery? a subject in view of which
Jefferson, in lus day, exclaimed, that " he trem- ,
bled when he remembered that God whs just." 1 j
appeal to Senators as philanthropists, as patriots,
as lovers of the Union and of constitutional lib-
erty, not to let pass this opportunity which a
wicked rebellion presents, of making it the means
of giving freedom to millions of the human race,
and thereby destroying to a great extent the
source and origin of the rebellion, and the only
tiling which has ever seriously threatened the
peace of the Union.
Having, as 1 think, shown that the right to con-
fiscate enemy property exists; that for this pur-
pose the rebels may properly be treated as enemies;
that confiscation Ccin be effected only through an
act of Congress; that the bill under consideration
is constitutional; and that it is both wise and ex-
pedient to take from those who shall continue to
fight against the Government after the passage of
this act, and whose persons are beyond the reach
of punishment, their property and then' slaves so
far as they are within our reach, 1 appeal to all
those who favor these views to stand together,
and let us pass the bill at as early a day as pos-
sible, with such modifications and amendments as
may be thought ad visable, not losing sight of the
great object in view. It is no time to talk of am-
nesties and conciliation, when the habitations of
loyal citizens are being plundered and their lives
destroyed. When the rebels, whose hands are
dripping with the blood of loyal citizens, shall
have grounded their arms.it will be time enough
to talk of clemency; but to have our sympathies
excited in their behalf now, when fighting to over-
throw the Government, is cruelty to the loyal men
who have rallied to its support.
Mr. LANE, of Kan sas. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. STJMNER. I was just about to make the
same motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask what
will become of tins bill. I want to keep it before
the .Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poweu.
in the chair.) It will bo left ay the unfinished
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And come up to-morrow
at one o 'dork ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. It is my puiposo to move, as
a substitute for the bill under consideration, the
bill I introduced some days a<ro, and which is on
the files of the Senate, numbeicd 23'), and to make
some remarks upon that motion. With a view to
that, I ask that the consideiation of tins bill bo
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 suggest to the Senator that
ii we proceed to the consulemtion of executive
business now, it leaves the present matter as the
unfinished business, on which he will be entitled
to the floor.
Mr. HARRIS. And the same result would be
reached <n that way?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless the Senator from
Kansas desned to take the floor on this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Oh,no. I only wanted
some executive business of importance to Kansas
attended to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the Senator from
New York will, of course, be entitled to the floor
to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, was
agreed to; and after some time spentin executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 7, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of busi-
ness, proceeded to call the States and Territories
for bills and joint resolutions of which previous
notice had been given, for reference only.
RECEIPTS AND DISBURSEMENTS.
Mr. WARD introduced a joint resolutingdi reel-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish to
the Congress of the United States during each
session a semi-monthly statement of the receipts,
disbursements, and estimates of the Government,
and to publish a monthly statement thereof dur-
ing the recess; which was read a first and second
time, and rcfoned to the Committee on Com-
merce.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. WARD also introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular system of the United States," ap-
proved August IS, 1S56; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
JOHN WILSON.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill for the relief
of John Wilson, which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
FURLOUGHS.
Mr. McPIIERSON introduced a hill to author-
ize colonels of volunteer regiments, under certain
limitations, tograntfurioughs; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Aflaiis.
EVIDENCE IN SUPPORT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE inhoduced a bill to provide
the manner and mode of taking evidence in sup-
port of claims in certain cases against the Govern-
ment; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS AND DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LAW introduced a joint resolution pro-
viding for the distribution of certain books and
documents; which was read a firsthand second time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Inteiior, or who-
ever may have the custody of the same, to cause
an equal distribution to bo made forthwith among
the members of the two Houses of the present
Congress of all books and documents heretofore
printed or purchased at the cost of the Govern-
ment, and not actually belonging to any public
library or any library kept for the use of any De-
partment of the Government, excepting, however,
all such books and documents as are embraced
m any existing order for the distribution thereof
among the membeis of the two Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. LAW. _ I will merely state the fact, that
at the last session of Congress an act was passed
providing for the distribution of all the books
among the members of the Thuty-Sixth Con-
gress. Thete are several bundled volumes re-
maining m the Interior Department belonging to
members from the sect ded States, and tins leso-
Jntion merely piovides for then distubutiou. i
ask the unanimous consent of the House tluu the
joint resolution lie put upon its passage.
There was no objection.
The joint resolution wan ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed n was-
accordingly read the third time, and parsed.
CENSUS RECORD.
Mr. FESSENDEN introduced a joint resolu-
tion to require the Superintendent of the Census
to record or have recorded in books to be prepared
for that purpose the names of all adult males or
heads of families of the free people of the United
States, in their alphabetical order, and m such a
manner as will admit of easy reference; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would suggest to the gen-,
tleman from Maine the propriety of making the
index show the several freeholders of the country.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Do I understand
my colleague to wish to confine the index to free-
holders only ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I want the index
to designate who are freeholders.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would like to inquire
of the mover of that proposition whether he has
made an estimate or calculation of the cost of
printing such a work, and of what would be its
size when finished. I think it should be referred
to some committee to ascertain such facts. I
would move to refer it to the committee of safety,
if there were such a committee in this House; but
I move to refer it to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to its
going to that committee.
Mr. Wickliffe's motion to refer was agreed to.
MILITARY DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. DUNN. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs a joint resolution
extending the provisions of a certain act to all the
military departments of the United States.
The joint resolution was read. It directs that
the act to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the northwestern department or de-
partment of Missouri, their pay, pension, and
bounty, approved March 25, 1865, shall be ex-
tended and made applicable to the officers and men
employed in any other military department of the
United States.
Mi. DUNN. I ask that the joint resolution be
pu.t upon its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that it be
referred to the Committee, on Military Affairs.
Mr. DUNN. It has been before the Commit-
tee on Military A flairs, and 1 report it from that
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it can-
not lie received at this time as a report from a
committee under a call of the States.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. WARD offered the following resolution;
which was re,id, considered, and ngreed to:
Rctolfcd, That the Sreretaty of the Tiea-any bo re-
quested to tarnish to this House a slatementof the amount
and kinds of the pioductions of the linti^h colonics wi-
potted into the United skate* line of duty under the provis-
ions of the tieaty between Great Butain and the United
States, feigned June 5, A. D. iyr 4, known as the lecipro-
city treaty, and of the amount and kinds of the pioduc-
tions of the United States exported to the Uritish colo-
nies under the stipulations ot the said tieaty from the rati-
fication Thereof to the present tune; also of the amount and
kinds of like pioductions impoitcd from and cxpoitcd to
the said colonic*, fiom the year inclusive, until the
lanfication ot paid treaty, and the amount of levenue re-
ceived fioin duties* thereon during that period; also of the
amount ami kinds of manulactiue-* and other aiticlcs of
United States origin, not fiee ot duty under the provisions
ot the said tieaty, expoited to the same colonies from the
\r;u IB-'ii). liK-hjMve. to ihe present time, and of the like
numutaetines and othei aitielcs produced in the said colo-
nic-; and impoited into the United States; also of all other
good> and merchandise of foietgn origin exported to the said
eolonie-3 liom the United State-*, and of the goodr-and mer-
chandise not pioduced in the said colonies, but expoited
ironi them to the United States lrom the year 1850, inclu-
sive, until the piesent tune, giving a statement in each ease
ol the tiade of Canada, and of each other colony or prov-
ince, with the United States sepaiately, and also in the
aggiegate, so far as the same is. practicable.
SEAMEN IN MERCHANT SERVICE.
Mr. NIXON offered the following resolution;
winch was irad, considered, and agiecd to:
Rc-clrrtK That the Con.mitiee on Cummcico lnj in-
ducted to inquue whethei ,mv additional I'-L'Manon is ne-
ee:--.u\ in reieienec to'he law^ ielating to the shipment
and M'lief of - e<i>11e!i m U:i ni'Mehdut tei vice, and to leport
by Inil oi otivi u i- e
TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. GPJ PER <>[]. led the following resolution;
wh.ih w.kn 11\ td, considered, and agiecd to:
]\c^rhvl, T,;.:r tie-Committee on the Judiciary be re-
qui'-i.v in uhjiiwu nit) the expediency of pioviduig by law
