1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
for invalid pensions applicable to the volunteer officers and
soldiers now m the s-eivice of the United States.
EMANCIPATION Otf AFRICAN SLAVES.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, Tliat a select committee ofnine members—the
chairman and a majority ot whom shall be members from
the Stales of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Missouri—be appointed to inquire and re-
port to this House, at as eai ly a day as practicable, whether
any plan can be prepared and recommended for the gradual
emancipation of all the African slaves and the extinction
of slavey in those States by the people or local authorities
thereof; and whether such an object is expedient and de-
sirable ; and further that they inquire and report whether
the colonization of snob emancipated slaves on this conti-
nent or elsewhere is a necessary concomitant of their free-
dom, and how and in what manner provision may be made
therefor; and that they further inquire and repoi t how far
andin what way the Government of the United States can
and ought equitably to aid infaeilitatingeitherof the above
objects; and that the committee be further authorized, if
in their judgment the subject require it. to extend the same
inquiries as to the othei slaveholding States, and report
thereon.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the resolution
unless it be modified in one respect.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indiana
has the right to introduce it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I call the previous
question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is it in order to
ask to modify the resolution in any respect? If
so, I ask the gentleman from Indiana to.modify
it in that part which restricts the Chair to the ap-
pointment of this committee from certain States.
Mr. BINGHAM. That was the modification
which I desired to suggest.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. If the modification
asked for by the gentleman from New York and
the gentleman from Ohio will make it acceptable,
I am willing to modify it. But my object was,
in the spirit of harmony and concord, to unite a
proposition.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Then I will strike
out the part objected to.
The resolution was modified so as to read: ►
Resolved, That a select committee, to consist of nine
members, be appointed to inquire and repoi t to the Ilou^e,
at as eaily a day as practicable, whether any plan can be
proposed and recommended for the gradual emancipation
of all the African slaves, and the extinction of sdaveiy in
the States of Delaware, Maiyiand, Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Missouri, by the people or local authoiiues
thereof, &c.
Mr. MALLORY. The resolution is an uncon-
stitutional absurdity, and I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. COX. On that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is this resolution the
subject of debate?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Diddle, Jacob B. Plan, William
G. Brown, Calvert, Casey, Cobb. Corning, Cox, Ciavcns,
Cuttcnden, Delano, Delaplaine,'Dtven, Dunlap, Engh-h,
Fisher, Gnder, lluight, Hauling, Hamsun, Iloiton, Ketri-
gan, Knapp, Law, Laze;ir,Leaiv, Lehman, Malloiy,Men-
zie«, Mitchell, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton,
Perry, i'uee, Richardson, Sheffield. Shiel, Smith. John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, ValJandigham, Voorhees, YVads-
woith, Want, Wcbstei, Chilton A. White, and Wickliiie,
—51.
NAYS—Me^rs. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxtei, Heainan, Ihngham. Fianeis P Blan, Blake, Bnllin-
ton, Campbell, ChambeiJin, Clai k, Clf-rnents, CoKax, Ficd-
enek A. Conkhng, llo?coe Conklmg, Davis, Dawes, Duel].
Dnnii, IMgeiton, Uliot, Fenton, Fe^-;enden, Hanchett,
fliekman, llutchm^, Julian. Kelley, Fiancis W. Kdlogg,
Lansing, Loomis. Lovejoy, McKnight, McPher^on, Moor-
head, An>on P. Moirill, Nixon, Ohn, Timothv G. Phelp-,
Porfr, Potter, Alexandei Ii. ltice, John H Iliee. Puddle.
Edwaid II. Rollins Saigent, Shank-*, Shellabarget. Shei-
man, Sloan, Spauldmg, Steven?, Stiatton. Tiain, Van
IJoin, Van Valkeuhuish, Veitee, Wallace, K. p. Walton,
Wa^libumc, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Wilson. Windom,
and Woi center—68.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the tablp.
During the vote,
Mr. EDGERTON stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Cutler and Momtis, were paired off.
Mr. WHEELER stated that his colleague,
Mr. Franchot, had been called home by the ill-
ness of a lelatiw., atid moved that he be "excused
during his necessary absence.
The SPEAKER. Tin: Chair (.Ihii'jm that a mo-
tion to excuse cannot be made at this time. It
should be made before the commencement of the
roll-call.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Whaley, was absent on account of
sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. White of
Indiana, and Cox, were appointed.
The House divided; and Jhe tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the adon-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and yeas.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beainan, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake, Bufiin-
ton, Canvpbell, Chamberlin, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A.
Colliding, Davis, Dawes, Duel I, Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton,
Fessenden, Guiley, Hanchett, Hickman, Ilutchins, Julian,
Kelley, Francis VV. Kellogg, Landing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
McKmght, McPheison, Mom-head, Anson P. Morrill, Justin
S. Moirill, Nixon,Olin,Pike, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander
II. Rice, John II. llice, Riddle, Edwaid 11. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaigcr, Sherman, Sloan,
Stevens, Stiatton, Train, Van Horn. Van Valkenburgh,
Verree, Wallace, Charles W. Walton,E. P. Walton, Wash-
burne, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Wilson, and Windom
—67.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, George
H. Browne, William G. Blown, Calvert, Casey, Cobb,
Coining, Cox, Cravens, Cuttcnden, Delano, Delapfatnc,
Diven, Dunlap, English, Fi<her, Grtder, Haight, Harding,
Ilanison, floiton, Kerngan, Knapp, Law, Lazcar, Leary,
Lehman, Malloiv, iUenzics, Mitchell, Noble, Noell, Noi-
ton, Nujjon, Pendleton, Pciry, Timothy G. Phelp®, Puce,
Richardson, Sluel, Smith. John B.Steele,William G. Steele,
Vallandigham, Voorheer*, Wadsworth, Waid, Webster,
Chilton A. White, and Wicklift'e—o2.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WORCESTER stated that he had paired
with Mr. Ciusfikld. Otherwise he should vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. FISHER stated that he had voted in the
affirmative for the purpose of moving to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order,
Mr. FISHER. Then I vote " no."
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The kitii'i motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TII33 PUESTDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. Hay, his
Secretary.
TARIFF.
Mr. VOORHEES submitted the following pre-
ambleand resolution, and called the previous ques-
tion on its adoption.
Wheiea5- justice and f-ound policy forbid that the Fcdeial
Government should lo&ter one bianeh ot uulustiy to the
detiinitnt ot'anv other, or eheinh the mtcicsts of one por-
tion to the miuty of another portion of our common coun-
try, and wheieas the present system of tariff as enacted
duimg the last Congtev?, and as amended duung the late
estia i-e^ion o( the pie-ent Con<rir>s, is :i sy.stem of injus-
tice and oppies ion towards the a«ucuUutal portions of
the country and toward- the laboring eon-umei* generally,
and especially so towards the people of the Northwest; and
whereas it i? de>fructivc o( our commetce witli foreign na-
tions, theiebv aNo decoying the icvenuc tbimeilyderived
from import duties, and giving use io the neec-sity of in-
creased dneet taxation winch the agrieultuiai poinons of
the eouiitiy arc but ill able to beat; and wheie.i*. all the ad-
vantages and wealih ot the said system ol taiitt accrue to
a l'.ivoicd and puvilege.d cla,^ of manufacturer and capi-
talists, cieatinjr monopolies, and theiebv paialvzmg one
branch oi industry by compelling it to pay foi the suppoit
of another; and whei eas eveiy eiuzen and '* eveij section
ot the conntiv ha, a imht to demand and in-i-t upon an
equalitv ot rijrht- and |)iiviicge-.': and an ample protection
a<raniftt unequal and unjust bmden- of Government: Tnt'?e-
foie,
f'p ifresolvC'K Tiiat the Committee of Ways and Means
o( tins honoiable llou-e be in>tiuct''d to report a bill at as
eaily a day a- pino.tcable ot the pie*.ent -ession, iept'<ihrig
the enaeiini'iit afoic-aid, and -ulKtitntintr in lieu thereof.!
svstcm ot ti'iitl t<i<ed upon the principle whk'h shall pro-
duce the cieatest amount oi levenue to the Goveininent,
and not upon that of pioteuion to the manufuctuiing inter-
ests of tin' eo'iiuty
Atr. STEVENS. I move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table. i
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask for the yeas j
and nays upon the motion. 1
- The yeas and nays were-ordered. - r -'
The question was taken; and it was decided 14
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, BablSltt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Biddle, Birurham, Jacob B. Btair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, George n. Browne, William G. Brown,
Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlin, Clark, Colfax, Frederic^
A. Conkling, Itoseoc Conkling, Cormog. Davis, Dawe^
Delano, Diveri, Duel!, Dunn, Edgrerton,' Eliot, English,
Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher, Prank, Granger, Haight, Hale,
Hanchett, Harrison, Ihckman, Hooper, Hortoa, Hutching-,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Leary, Lehman,
Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight, MePherson. Moorbead, An-
son P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Pike, Pomeroy,
Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward
II. ltollins, Saigent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger,Sher-
man, Sloan, Spauldlng, Stevens, Stratton, Train, Van
Horn,Van Valkenbuigh, Veuee,W«\Uace, Charles W. Wal-
ton, E. P. Walton, Wafchburne, Webster, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—88.
NAYS—l\Ie&>is. Allen, Francis P. Blair,Calvert, Casey,
Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, Delapiamc, Dunlap, Glider,
Ilaidinp, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law,MaHory,Mcnzies.Noble,
Noell, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, Porter, Price,
Richardson, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Voorhees, Wads-
woith, Ward, Chilton A. White, and WicklitFe—36.
So the preamble and resolution were laid,on the
table.
EMANCIPATION OF AFRICAN SLAVES—AGAIN.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the consent of the
House to make a single suggestion in refercncc to
the composition or character of the committee au-
thorized to be raised on motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. White.]
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFPE. I ask the Chair, in the
organization of that committee, specially to omit
myself from service on it. I would suggest also,
in accoidance with what I understand to be an
ordinary parliamentary rule, that the Speaker put
upon that committee none of those members who
voted in the affirmative upon the following reso-
lutions:
" Revolved, That neither the Federal Governmentnor the
people 01 governments of the non-slaveholdmg States have
a purpo«e or a constitutional right to legislate upon or inter-
fete with slavery m any of the State* of the Union.
" Resolved* That those pei^ous in the Noilh who do not
sublet ibe to the foiegolng proposition are too insignificant
111 numbeis and influence to excite the setious attention or
alarm of any port ton o( the people ot the Republic, and that
the mciease of their numbers and influence does not keep
pace with the inciea e ot the aggregate population of the
Union."
These resolutions were unanimously passed,
with the exception of the four members in the neg-
ative, who are not now present, as the record will
show. The names are spread out here upon the
Journal, to which the Speaker can have access.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the consent of the House
to move that the gentleman from Kentucky have
leave to read those resolutions every morning.
Mr. WICKLIFPE. I hope that proposition
will becarried unanimously. I havedone no harm.
The name of the gentleman from Illinois is here
among those who voted for the resolution.
TAX BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the consideration of
the tax bill, repotted on Friday last from the Com- .
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
was next in order.
DEPREDATIONS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PRICE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas, it has been lepresented that the United States
mihtatv foiecs fiotu the State ot Kansas, have, at fllvcrs
timcv duung the past four months, enteicd the counties of
Jackson. Cass, Bates, and Johnson, in the State of Missouri,
and without just edii^e 01 mtlitaiy necessity, seized, took,
and earned away, slaves, hoises.mules, and othei pioperty,
oi the value of hundieds of thousands of dollars, belong-
ing to quiet and peaceful citizens; and that said forces in
like manner, u ith fm', did dc<tioy many dwelling and tarm-
houses in said counties : Therefore.
Resolved. That the Secietary of Wat, if not inconsistent
with the public mteicst, will icpoit to this llou-e any offi-
cial mloimation he may have or can obtain fiom the mil-
itaiy departments of Kansas and Mtssoutt, or either of
them, touching the above matter*-. And he will particu-
larly stare t?ie number or *.lave«. how*., mules, and other
pioperty thus taken, or houses destioycd in either of those
counties, togc-thei with the kind, value, and name of own-
eis i 10111 w iiom taken, and cau>e or euu-es assigned there-
for. He will alf-o repoit whethei ail 01 any of the property
thus taken has been accounted for or confiscated; and if
accounted tor or coufi-eated, *-tate whet c and when did the
tnal of confiscation tuK<> place, and to whom was each ac-
count tendered, lie will ^tate under whose orders did the
nnhtaiy ibices !iom Kansas enter the counties or Jackson
and Ca^, and tin; other eountii-s named ; for what purpose
did they go ot remain riieie fit any tune in the months of
Octobei, November, December, Januaiy,andFebiuary,and
