1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
absolute rule of right and law of conscience and
of duty to the majority. Verily the Mountain
reigns, and woe to him that is not of the Moun-
tain.
To determine the rule of expulsion, the Sena-
tor quotes from the Commentaries of Justice Story.
Says that eminent jurist:
"It seeing therefore, to-be settled by the Senate, upon
full deliberation, that expulsion may be tor any misdemeanor
which, though not punishable by statute, is inconsistent
with the tiust and duty of a Senator."
" There," says the Senator, "is the touchstone:
any conduct, any opinions, any line of action as a
Senator, which is inconsistent with the duty of a
Senator, is a sufficient cause for his expulsion,
and ought to be by the rules of reason and com-
mon sense." Justice Story says "any misde-
meanor," but the Senator reasoning, I suppose,
"on the expansive principle and sentiment and
consideration that ought to guide and to control
the largest and the wisest statesmanship," en-
larges the rule——
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me to
explain ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman garbles Justice
Story. He does not limit the cause of expulsion
as the gentleman makes him limit it in his re-
marks. He says, in plain and distinct terms, that
anything which renders a member of a deliber-
ative body unfit to act as a member of that body,
or that may be adjudged to be so by the body
itself, is sufficient cause for his removal by expul-
sion. I do not quote his words; but that is the
idea.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I took the
extract from the printed speech of the Senator
himself. If there is any garbling of it, it is in the
speech.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment again ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not mean to misrep-
resent the Senator; I took it from the printed
speech.
Mr. DAVIS. I did quote and rely upon that
authority as Judge Story has written it, and as it
has been printed. I do not know how I am re-
ported in the papers; 1 have not revised or cor-
rected anv report of my sentiments, or of my ar-
gument; but 1 say that 1 read the whole passage
from Story's Commentaries upon the Constitu-
tion, and I relied upon the whole passage as it is
printed. If the gentleman so states it, I agree to
it; but the gentleman's argument only states a part
of the premises upon which Judge Story predicates
the right of the Senate to expel a member.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The point contained in
the conclusion to which Judge Story comes, is
that any misdemeanor which, in the judgment of
the Senate, although it may not be punishable by
a statute, renders a Senator unfit for his trust,
may be a cause for expulsion; but the Senator
does lay down in precise language what I have
quoted from his speech. The rule as laid down
by him is, that any conduct, any opinion, any
line of action which is inconsistent with the duty
of a Senator, is ground for his expulsion. Such,
at least, I understood his argument to be—I do
not wish to misrepresent him.
Mr. DAVIS. I reassert that proposition now.
Mr. SAULSBURY. _ Then that is the propo-
sition-I am going to discuss. I say, then, that
this is an enlargementof the rule so as to embrace
any conduct, any opinions, any line of action; and,
under this extension, he discourses not only in
reference to the conduct, opinions, and line of ac-
tion of the Senator accused, but also in reference
to his conduct as a member of a political party of
which the accuser was never a member, and in
reference to his social relations, in which the ac-
cuser was not embraced. He animadverts upon
the disruption of the Democratic convention at
Charleston, upbraids the Senator from Indiana
with his personal and social relations with gentle-
men now in the service of the confederate States, <
and lectures him for not supporting Mr. Douglas ,
for the President. Verily we have fallen upon ]
strange times, when a supporter of John Bell can j
accuse a supporter of John C. Breckinridge with I
disloyalty, as evidenced by that suppoi t. j
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President  1
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the Senator will '
allow me to get through, and then I shall be happy j
to be corrected if I have done him any injustice. !
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry that the gentleman
misrepresents me so very much as to make it
necessary for me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doolit:
tle in the chair.) The Senator from Delaware
is entitled to the floor, and unless he yields it the
Senator from Kentucky is not in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Since I have been a mem-
ber of the Senate I have never, to the best of my
knowledge, said a discourteous word to any mem-
ber on this floor. I would scorn to do it. I have
never misrepresented anybody, and if I quote
from the speeches of Senators, or if I animadvert
in a becoming spirit and in a proper manner upon
the line of their argument, it certainly is legiti-
mate, and is no cause for any irritation on their
part.
But, says the Senator from Kentucky, the Sen-
ator from Indiana has declared in a subsequent
letter that he was and is opposed to the coercive
policy of the Administration; and as the Senator
dwelt upon this point—spoke upon it at length—
I presume it is not un fair to say that for th is, among
other reasons, he advocates his expulsion. Here
I will notice the remark of the Senator from In-
diana with regard to that letter, and state my po-
sition with respect to it. That letter, although it
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
upon the application ofithe Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] isnopartofthe record in this rase;
and if it contained distinct, substantive objection-
able matter, you would have no right to consider
it on the trial of this record. In years to come,
when we have passed from these Halls and the
men of a future day shall read the record of this
proceedingand of your judgment in this case, upon
what will they say your judgment was founded?
Will they say it was founded upon a letter writ-
ten to Mr. Fitch or somebody else months subse-
quent to the time at which the letter set out in the
resolution purports to have been written; or will
they take up your record and say that the only
letter referred to in that record was a letter writ-
ten to Jefferson Davis? In this case where there
is a record, no Senator, in my humble judgment,
has a right to travel out of the record and say that a
letter was subsequently written which is not em-
braced in the record you are trying.
But, sir, the part objected to in that letter is not,
in fact, denied by the Senator from Indiana; and
I say, although it may subject me—among those
who have neither the justice nor the capacity to
judge correctly—to an imputation of a want of
patriotism, that the Senatorfrom Indiana, and the
thousands and tens of thousands in the loyal States
who think with him, can, if my interpretation of
his language be correct, stand, and proudly stand,
upon it at the present, and challenge the judgment
of enlightened men now, and the judgment of im-
partial history hereafter. What does the Senator
say? In effect, that " I was and am opposed to
the whole coercive policy of this Administration."
He speaks of a principle, not of a bill; he speaks
of a policy, the aggregate of principles, the result
of principles, not of the detads of legislation.
Mr. President, when the political troubles in
which the nation was involved culminated in the
formal act of the secession of one State, which was
followed by the secession of five or six others, we
all know that there were two policies advocated
for the restoration of the Union and the vindica-
tion of the national authority. One was the policy
of compromise, which ought to be acceptable to
all, and the other was the application of military
force to coerce obedience.
The friends of the former policy were, of course,
opposed to the latter, and the advocates of the lat-
ter were opposed to the former. The Senatorfrom
Indiana believed as I believed,andasl now believe,
as a large majority of the people in whatarc now
termed the loyal States believed, as nineteen twen-
tieths of the people in the southern States believed,
as the fifty-three thousand petitioners from the
city of New York believed, as the eighteen thou-
sand petitioners from the city of Boston believed,
and the thousands and tens and hundreds of thou-
sands of petitioners from every part of the country
believed, as three fourths of all the officers and
men who are now fighting your battles believed,
that the policy of com promise was right and proper;
and he and they all believed that the policy of co-
ercion was wrong. If you would expel him for
that belief, why not expel all of us who this day
constitute nearly one third of this Senate, who did
believe and who now believe that the policy of
compromise would have been more effective and'
more speedy in restoring the Union made by your
fathers, and in causing its ilag to float gloriously
over every foot of your territory, than the policy
of coercion? Sir, it is no treason to say that the
angel of peace has more charms for me, that her
whispers are more pleasant to my ears than the
ravings of the demon of discord and the demon of
war.
The Senatorfrom Indiana was speaking in ref-
erence to a policy, a principle, not in reference to
the details of legislation. If you mean to expel
a Senator because he was opposed to coercion,
why not ununiform your officers and discharge
your soldiers who were opposed to coercion? If
this be disloyalty, why not incarcerate in your
modern bastiles the majority of the peopleveven
in the free States, who believed the same thing?
Sir, when impartial history shall record her
judgment in reference to the men and measures of
the present day, the friends of compromise and
the opponents of the exercise of coercion will be,
if they arc not now, which I believe, in the light of
surrounding circumstances, they are, fully vindi-
cated. They had been instructed by the teachings
of history, and sought to impress their country-
men with the truths she taught. Sir, let the voice
of party be stilled and the strifes of faction cease,
while we listen to the voice of philosophy sylla-
bled by the muse of history. Says Macaulay:
" We know of no great revolution which might not have
been pi evented by compromise early and graciously made.
Firmness is a great virtue in public affairs, but it has its
proper sphere. Conspiracies and insurrections in which
small minorities are engaged ; the outbreaking? of popular
violence unconnected with any extensive project or any
dm able principle, are best repressed by vigor and decision.
To shrink from them is to make them formidable. But no
wise ruler will confound the prevailing taint with the slight
local irritation. No wise ruler will treat the deeply-seated
discontents of a great paity as he treats the fury of a mob
which destioys mills and power-looms. The neglect of this
distinction lias been fatal even to Governments strong in the
power of the sword "
The neglect of this distinction, Mr. President,
cost the British Government the loss of thirteen
colonies; the neglect of this distinction has cost
us, for the present, at least, the loss of eleven
States, and plunged us into a remorseless civil
war greater than this earth has ever witnessed;
and 1 fervently pray that the neglect of this dis-
tinction may not finally cost us the eternal dis-
memberment of the Fe'deral Union, and the per-
manent, as it has the present, loss of constitu-
tional civil liberty itself.
Mr. President, those clothed with the executive
and legislative power of this Government, al-
though representing only a minority of the peo-
ple, refused to be instructed by the lessons of
history, and to be governed by the wish of the
majority of the nation. They failed or refused to
recognize the proportions of the nation's discon-
tent, or the extent of the rebellion which had been
organized. They treated it as they would have
treated the "fury of a mob which destroys mills
and power-looms," and even to this day speak
of it as an insurrection in the insurgent States.
When, oh! when, shall we learn wisdom, that we
may learn to act wisely?
Mr. President, I know that it is fashionable in
some localities to call the men who entertain these
opinions secessionists and disunionists. Perse-
cuted and hounded by a venal press that dare not
utter a noble sentiment or express an independent
thought, for fear the modern censor shall fulmi-
nate his edict of suppression; persecuted and
defamed by the corrupt cormorants who devour
thesubstanceofthe people, plunder the Treasury,
and destroy the credit of the nation; some of
them, withoutcause,withoutcharge,without hear-
ing, have been incarcerated, and others threatened
with incarceration in American bastiles, more
loathsome than those which disgrace the barbar-
ous ages of Spain. But, sir, while 1 have a seat
on this floor, a loyal Senator fiom a loyal State,
notwithstanding the foul calumny of Simon Cam-
eron in his annual report, that that State was at
one time threatened with revolt, I will act and
speak with the freedom that becomes an Ameri-
can Senator, whether detraction or bastile be my
fate—
" Stone walls do not a piison make,
Nor iion bais a cage ;
MiricK innocent and quiet take
These for an hermitage.''
But, sir, when did opposition to coercion be-
