44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
3s7th Cong....2d Sess. Treasury Notes—Legal Tender—The Currency—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
of gold or silver will be seen again in your day or
mine, and but little of ordinary bank paper. Ex-
portation, hoarding, melting, and manufacture
into articles of luxury of every kind, will follow
as the legitimate and inevitable consequence of
your irredeemable Government paper currency.
The golden age of America henceforth will belong
only to the Saturnia regna of poets and mycolo-
gists.
Nor is this all, nor the worst. An immense in-
flation or bloat in this wonderful paper money
which our financial Midas by his touch is to con-
vert into gold, must come next. Cheap in mate-
rial, easy of issue, worked by steam, signed by
machinery, there will be no end to the legions of
paper devils which shall pour forth from the loins
of the Secretary. Sir, let the Army rejoice; there
will be no more "shoddy,55 for there will be no
mure rags out of which to manufacture it.
And now, sir, what must follow from all this?
First, that which never has failed in times of
bloated cuneney—high prices, extravagant spec-
ulation, enormous sudden fortunes, immense fic-
titious wealth, general insanity. These belong to
all inordinate and excessive paper issues, and even
to plethoras in the circulation of gold and silver,
if such plethoras could occur. Hut the evil will not
stop here. Every banker, every lender, every mer-
chant, every business man, and every seller of
real or personal estate, or of anything else, com-
pelled to receive in payment for whatever ho lends
or sells, an irredeemable paper money, dependent
for its value solely upon force, and without the
smallest credit, and himself having no confidence
in the Government, and no special good will to the
borrower or buyer who forces him to take us paper,
will demand a still higher price, by way of insur-
ance, than if the currency were sound and safe, no
matter how much inflated.
And now, sir, what is to be the result of all this?
What else but the result from iiko causes in years
past in foreign countries and in our own? It is writ-
ten in the commercial convulsions and sufferings
of France in 1720, ami of England a century later,
and of the United States in 1837. The collapse
follows the inflation, and is terrible and disastrous
just in proportion as the bubble has been magnif-
icent. Your legal tender laws will avail nothing.
They havebecu tried before: tried in this country
and uicd abroad; and luive always failed in the
end. The regent of France proclaimed them in
Law's time, in 1717; and what followed ? Let M.
Thiers answer:
" Violent and vexatious as the measures were to sustain
the eiedtt of Hie notes, they were insuilieienf to jjive rliein
a vaiiu; which theydid not pos.-i'M. Dishonest debtors alone
vie,I them to i><njlhei> drbti. Coin w.k M'cicfly tl<=ed J'oi
daily puiohaM-Onid was concealed with eaie. Manv.ieeu-
Mulaled u e|and(Miin-ly. The :;iealei patf hnncd it in the
earth, ami ilir m h ivaluei* u.M;d ovoiy aituu.o to li.tnMci
it lo Ibieljjn coiintues. Anothci portion of our com led
fiance; and although the e\[>oiration of specie is not ne-
ecssuiity injurious, it was so at this time, smce it. left be-
hind only a false paper cunvney and an imaginary capital."
But again, air: this bill declares those notew to
he " payable at the pleasure of the United Stales."
Was ever such a proposition before this submit-
ted by any legitimate, established Government?
Did any of ihe multitudinous Mexican usurpers,
in the midstof the direst convulsions of that most
distiaetod of all countries, even in his severest
strait:-*, ewi " pronounce" anything more unjust
and monstrous? Sir, these notes are not to be the
basis of a future loan; they are not kites to raise
the wind with. They are to be paid out in dis-
charge of past liabilities, for debts which already
exist; for honest and fair indebtedness for past
services rendered or value already received, as be-
tween the Government and the citizen. All those
debts were payable in gold andsilveronly—in the
current coin and lawful money—the hard money
—of the country. In the absence of any express
stipulation or law to the contrary—and not in one
case out of a hundred probably has any such ex-
isted—they are all payable by cash in hand or on
demand. And yet payment at all of this very class
of debts is, by the terms of this bill, to be post-
poned indefinitely, unless indeed the creditor will
accept bonds at six per cent., depreciated, it may
be, and jf this bill pass in its present form, will
be, to eighty or ninety cents on the dollar, and re-
deemable in twentv years. The Government pro-
poses to settle with its creditois, and to execute
its promissory notes payable whenever it is ready
or finds it convenient to pay. In other words, the
debtor dictates terms to the creditor, and declares
that a debt payable in cash down or on demand
shall be paid at the pleasure of the debtor, or oth-
erwise, in either case, shall be utterly extinguished.
0 most wonderful, righteous, and equitable Sec-
retary 1 ^  
Sir, there is no subject so delicate as credit.
What is it ? Confidence, trust, faith. In its very
nature it is voluntary, and you can no more co-
erce credit than you can compel belief in a partic-
ular creed or religion, or love between man and
woman. It withers before suspicion, and lan-
guishes and dies at the sight of force. Sir, in the
reign of Henry VIII, Parliament passed " an act
for the abolishing of diversity of opinion in certain
articles concerning the Christian religion." How
much worse or more absurd, I ask, was that act
than the bill before us? Good fait his the founda-
tion of all credit; but this bill proposes, not bold
and outright, but timid—I will not say cowardly
—and indirect repudiation. More than this: it is
an open confession of bankruptcy. If the Gov-
ernment has solid means, it needs no notes. If
it has credit, why declare its notes lawful money
and a legal tender, equal with gold? If it has
neither means nor credit, it is exactly what is
meant by a bankrupt.
But yet again, this bill styles the paper which it
authorizes to be issued, "United States notes."
Well, sir, words arc things, and this change of
name is for some purpose. What is it? I have
carefully examined every Treasury note act and
actieferring to Treasury notes, public and private,
from the first, in 1812, to the present time, eighty-
two in number; and in not one, not one, are notes
of this description called anything but Treasury
notes. Sometimes they have been issued as a
convenient form of temporary loan; at other times
asevidence of indebtedness by the Treasury. But
they were always, upon their face, limited to the
Treasury Department, and were never known in
any act by any other name than " Treasury
notes." They never were intended to furnish a
permanent or even a general circulation as a com-
mercial currency. They were thus maintained to
be not "bills of credit," within the then well under-
stood meaning of that term, and therefore not un-
constitutional. Theactof 1815 styled themTreas-
ury notes, though issued in sums of less than one
hundred dollais, payable to bearei, without inter-
est, transferable by delivery, and therefore capable
of passing as currency. So did the act of July,
18(31; and more than that, so did both the title and
the body of this same bill, as first reported on the
7th of January.
Sir, who invented this new-fangled term, "Uni-
ted States notes,"and why was it invented? What
new light struck in upon the Secretary between
the seventh and the twenty-second af the same
month? And what are these United States notes
but "bills of credit," the very bills so abhorrent
to the framcrs of the Constitution ? Most appro-
priately I may say with Mr. Webster, that "if the
genius of the old Confederation were now to rise
up in the midst of us, he could notfurnish us from
the abundant stores of his recollection with a more
pcrfcct model of paper money;" and lam forced
to add, also, or a worse model, too. Here, sir, is
one of the Continental bills of November, 1776. It
bears small resemblance to the delicate paper issues
and exquisite engraving of the present day in the
United States. It smacks a little of the poverty of
"Dixie"—-as is said. Instead of the effigies of
Lincoln, it bears on its face a veritable but rudely
carved woodcut of the wild boar of the forest. .It
was bad money, sir; but issued in a noble cause.
It is redolent of liberty; it smells of habeas corpus,
Ireo speech, a free press, free ballot, the light of
petition, the consent of the governed, the right of
the people, to govern, public indictment, speedy
public trial, trial by jury, and all the great rights
of political and individual liberty for which mar-
tyrs have died and heroes contended for ages—al-
though I am not quite sure, sir, that even now it
is altogether without somewhat of the odor of re-
j bellion lingering about it. But even this Conti-
i nental bill purports to be payable, though not paid,
in specie. It recites that "this bill entitles the
bearer to receive four Spanish milled dollars, or
the value thereof in gola and silver, according to
a resolution of Congress, passed at Philadelphia,
Nov. 2,1776," and it is issued in the name of " the
United Colonies."
But though in the midst of a revolution, and
struggling for liberty and life, and in the darkest
hour of that sore trial—it was just previous to the
victory at Trenton—it never occurred to the just
men and patriots of that day to usurp the power
to make this paper money a legal tender, and to
force, it by this usurpation, into credit and circu-
lation by the strong arm of the law; and to that
extent—and it is great—the United States notes
proposed by this bill are fifty-fold worse and more
to be abhorred than Continental money. But this
paper of 1776 bears no interest, is payable to bearer,
payable in gold and silver, payable at no particular
time, intended to circulate permanently and gener-
ally as money, and without a dollar of tax or rev-
enue to support it. The men of that day relied on
patriotism to keep their bills in credit; and yet wc
know that even then, in the purest and best times
of the Republic, they sank in value till at the close
of the war §1,000 in paper were worth but one
dollar in specie. In short, sir, they so utterly de-
preciated that to this day, if a profane man would
describe anything as totally and hopelessly worth-
less, he would say of it that it was " not worth a
Continental—dollar."
And here, sir, before I pass from this subject,
allow me to say that a very grave error has been
fallen into in this debate. The notes of the Bank
of England were not made a legal tender during
the suspension from 1797 to 1823. The bank was
by act of Parliament prohibited from paying in
specie. The taxes were then very heavy, the ex-
penditures enormous, and the notes of the bank
were received as cash in payment of the public
dues. For this reason, mainly, and not because
they were j either directly or in effect, a legal tender,
the notes, until the issues of the bank became ex-
cessive, did not depreciate, at least until also gold
had begun to disappear m spite of penal legisla-
tion. But in three years the depreciation began,
and from 1800 to 1814, it varied from eight to
twenty-five per cent. In 1816, after the war, it
was sixteen and three fourths. And yet there were
public men then, just as some are found now, to
maintain that the value of paper money had not
fallen, but that the value of gold had risen. It was
precisely the argument over again, of the French
National Assembly, nearly twenty years earlier—
it was not the assignat which had lost, but the franc
which had gained. But, sir, the act also of 1834
which, it is said, declared the notes of the bank a
legal tender, has been totally misunderstood. They
are not now and never were a legal tender as be-
tween the bank which issues them and its credit-
ors, or the holders of its notes. Not at all, sir.
A proposition so iniquitous and monstrous never
was enacted into law by English legislators. It
belongs to the present Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, in the year of grace, 1862.
Justly did Mr. Canning boast, in 1811, that
"Never did the wildest and most hostile propliesier of
ruin to the finances of England, ventmc to ptedict that a
time should come when, by the avowal of Pailiament, nom-
inal amount in papei, without icfeience to any real stand-
ard value in gold, wouid be the payment of the public cied-
itoi."
But neither arc these notes a legal tender at all,
except so long as the bank pays specie, and, of
course, while they are equivalent to, if not con-
vcitible at any moment all over England into
gold: so that m fact the observation of Mr. Burke,
seventy years ago, is equallyjust and true now:
k* Our paper is of value in commerce, because in law it
is of none. U is powerful on 'change, because in West-
minster Hall it is impotent,"
And now, sir, what are your United States
notes? They, too, are payable to bearer; paya-
ble—not to be paid—in gold and silver, payable
" at the pleasure of the United States," and meant,
to circulate generally and permanently as cur-
rency, at least till the Secretary's grand fiscal
machine, his magnificent national paper mill,
founded upon the very stocks provided for by this
bill, can be put in operation, when this sort of
bills of credit is to be supplanted by another sort
of bills of credit, which are to become the sole
currency of the country, and to drive all gold and
silver, and ordinary bank paper, out of circula-
tion. This, sir, is what is meant by the phrase
in the third jine of the bill, "for temporary pur-
poses,"and nothing else is meant. And now, sir,
