542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
come disloyalty, and if not disloyalty at one time
but so at another, who is to determine the period
of its commencement? It seems, sir, that on the
10th day of April last even Mr. Seward was un-
favorable to coercion, and stated such to be the
position of the President. In a letter of that date
to Mr. Adams, which I believe has been already
referred to in this debate, he says:
"For these reasons ho [tho Provident] would not be dis-
posed to ieject a cardinal dogtna of theirs, [the seceding
States,] namely, that the Federal Government could not
reducc the seceding titatos to obediencc bv conquest even,
although he vvcie disposed to question that ptopo>ition.
But in fact, the President willingly accepts it as auc. Only
an imperial or despotic government could subjugate thor-
oughly disaffected and msuirectionaiy members of the
State. This Federal republican >yatem of onis is of all
foims of government the very one winch is most unfitted
for such a labor. Happily, however, this is only an imagi-
nary defect. The system ha? within itself adequate, peace-
ful, conservative, and recupeiative ibices. Firmness on the
paft of the Government in maintaining and preseivingthe
public institutions and property, and in executing tho laws
where authority can be exercised without ivagingwar, com-
bined with bueh inea&urcs of justice, moderation, and for-
heaiance a-s will disarm leasouiiig opposition, will be suf-
ficient to seeuie the public safety until returning inflection
concurring with the fearful experience of social evils, the
inevitable truits of (action, shall bring the recusant mem-
bers cheerfully back into the family which, after all, must
piove their beat and happiest, as it undeniably is their most
natural home. The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides lor than etui n by authorizing Consre-s, on application
tobe made by a certain majority ot the states, to alembic a
national convention, in which the organic law can, if it be
needful, be revised so as to letnove ail leal obstacles to a
reunion, so suitable to the habits of the people, and so emi-
nently conducive to the common safety and welfare. Keep-
ing that remedy steadily m view, the President, on the one
hand, will not suffer the Federal authoiity to fall into abey-
ance, nor will he, on the other, aggravate existing evils by
attempts at cofrcion which must assume the. form of direct
war against any oj the revolutionary States
These, Mr. President, ate noble utterances of
a man who m his day lias uttered as noble and as
mean sentiments as ever lei! fiotn human lips.
This extract vindicates the wisdom of the policy
of non-coercion; and when I speak of the policy
of non-coercion I speak not of your legislation, but
of the principle of coercion as a means of settling
our national differences as nn original question.
It is in that light that I regard the declaration of
the Senator from Indiana, and it is in that light
and in that view of the question that I speak of
my own views. But, sir, this extract from Mr.
Sewardnot only vindicates the wisdom of the pol-
icy of non-coercion advocated by Mr. Bright but
shows that he well might have believed on the 1st
of March last that there would be no war, since
Mr. Seward on the 10th of April believed (he same
thing. Sir, it vindicates another thing—the wis-
dom of the action of those of us at the last tegular
session of Congress who advocated the adoption
of the compromise measures offered by the then
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Cuittknden,*| be-
cause H was to amendments of the Constitution
that Mr. Seward looked on the 10th of Apnl last
for a removal of" all ical obstacles to a reunion
so suitable to the habits of the people, and so
eminently conducive to the common safety and
welfare."
At that session, while vainly striving with
others for the adoption of those measures, I re-
marked m my place in the Senate that—
" II' any Gibbon should heicaftei write the decline and
fall of the Amciiean Republic, he would date its tail from
theiejeenou by the Senate ot the propositions submitted
by the Sonatoi horn Kentucky.
I believed so then, and I believe so now. I never
shall forget, Mr. President, how my heart bounded
for joy when I thought I saw a ray of hope for
their adoption in the fact that a Republican Sen-
ator now on this floor came to me and requested
that I should inquire ofMr. Toombs, who was on
the eve of hns departure for Georgia to take a scat
in the convention ofth at State which was to determ-
ine the momentous question whether she should
continue a member of the Union or withdraw from
it, whethet if the Crittenden propositions were
adoptedGeoigiawould lemainin the Union. Said
Mr. Toombs:
"Tell him iiankly for me that if those involutions aic
adopted by ih" vote ol any ic-.'pect.ibie munbei oi Repub-
lican .Senatot ^ evuicncni" then <£ood la nil to advocate their
lati/ieatson by th< u people C.-oi«ui will not ;.neede This
is the portion l a-Mined befoie the people ot Geoi^.t. I
toid them mat if the ruirv in powet gave evidence ot an
intention to p-e-eive ..ur njlif-: m the Union, we were
bound to uair until rle-ii people could act ''
J communicated tho answer. The-substitute of
the Senator fiorn JWw Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
was subsequently adopted, and from that day to
this the darkness and the tempest and storm have
thickened, until thousands like myself, as good
and as true Union men as you, sir, though you
may question our motives, have not only despaired
But are without hope in the future.
Mr. President, a nation's cry for peace has been
disregarded. When State after State, in madness
and folly, assumed to withdraw from the Union, j
wise men, good men, the sovereign American peo-
ple, senttheir delegates to this city, and in a peace
congress, after agreeing to such propositions as
best they might, presented them to you for ap-
proval, and asked for the blessings of peace. You
disregarded their petition, and confounding " the
prevailing taint with the slight local irritation,"
you determined to "treat the deeply-seated dis-
contents of a great party as you would treat the
fury of a mob which destroys mills and power-
looms." Those who have dissented from the wis-
dom of your policy, instead of being regarded, as
they profess to be, as much desirous as you for
the preservation of the Union and Constitution of
their fathers, have been the objects of your dis-
trust and reproach. Spurning their counsels sim-
ply because you are accidentally in the majority
in this body, you demand acquiescence in your
views of public policy, under the penalty of .the
brand of disloyalty, to berfQllo-wed by thatof ex-
pulsion. To mc neither thfe?l«and nor the penalty,
should they ever be presented', will have any terror.
Because I believed that this difficulty could have
been peaceably adjusted, because my State so be-
lieved, because a vast majority of the people of
the United States so believed, no man has a right
to impugn my motives, or to say that I am less
loyal than himself. Sir, if I know my heart
to-day, if by so doing the Union of our fathuis
could be restored, and peace again come to a dis-
tracted country, I would take my departure from
the Senate Chamber, and with my little family,
bidding farewell to the graves of my fathers, I
would go into exile beyond the waters never to
return again. But because I may differ from you
in policy am I less loyal than you?
Thus much have J said because of the speech of
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] His
rule for the expulsion of a Senator is as I have
stated; and if in tins I <jlo any injustice, I
shall be glad to make the correction in my printed
lemarks. His rule is, " any conduct,any opinions,
any line of action, as a Senator, which is incon-
sistent with the duty of a-Senator," to determine
which there can necessarily be but one criterion,
the conformity of such contiuct, opinions, and line
of action to the views of the party in power.
Mr. President, at the extra session of Congress
i advocated a policy which I then believed, and
which I now believe, would have saved this Union
with the Constitution, if any policy could. 4 ad-
vocated the raising of an army of two hundred
thousand men, which would be sufficient for de-
fense from invasion, if any should bo attempted,
which I did not believe; the amendment of the
Constitution upon the basis of the Crittenden
compromise measures; and the proclamation by
the PiesidcntnndCongress that their only objects
were the preservation of tho Union and the con-
stitutional rights of the people everywhere. The
Senator from Indiana approved this policy. Had
it been adopted. I firmly believe there would
have been more Union men in the seceded States
to-day than disunionists. That policy was re-
jected by a majority of this body, who had the
constitutional right to reject it; but who shall say
that their love of country was stronger, or their
desire to preserve the Union greater than mine?
Who has made you my judge? At the present
session of Congicss 1 pioposed a joint resolution,
appointing commissioners to meet a like number
to be appointed by the people of the seceding
States, "to consult for the preservation of the
Union, the maintenance of the Constitution."
Their reception was objected to by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [1VJ r. Sum>:t:r,] and they lie
i upon your table. He objected to them, and so
| did theGhailestonMercury,which declared "that
j it was a proposition more fatal to the South than
> cannon or ball, because diplomacy might accom-
, plisb what bullets could not." But who shall say j
; that either that Senator or tho Mercury is more
• attached to the Union or the Constitution than
1 those who favor the adoption of the proposition?
j A majority of this body would agree, no doubt,
i with the Senator and the Mercury in opposition
to those resolutions; but because they disagree
with me in opinion shall I not be free to entertain
and act upon my own? The Senator from Ken-
tucky condemns the policy of emancipating or
arming the slaves in this conflict. I am not sure
that a majority of the dominant party would not
agree with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,]
rather than with him. When his opinions are
practically brought to the " touchstone" which
he has discovered, he possibly may be led to re-
view the opinions he has expressed in reference
to the expulsion t>f the Senator from Indiana.
But the Senator from Kentucky objects that the
Senator from Indiana neither votes for the meas-
ures proposed by the Administration for the sup-
pression of the rebellion nor proposes any of his
own to accomplish that purpose. Is that the issue
you arc trying, or is it that presented by the rec-
ord before us? Have you notified the Senator
from Indiana to come prepared to defend every
vote he has given, or to assign reasons why he
has not proposed measures for your adoption?
Had you done so he well might have pleaded to
your jurisdiction and denied your authority.
Should this Senate, acting upon the only matter
legitimately before it—the record in the case—
honestly come to the conclusion that it discloses
matter which proves his disloyalty, his treason,
and vote to expel him, well ana truly and bitterly
may he regret it; but if, through passion and prej-
udice, they should so vote from considerations
such as those presented by the Senator from Ken-
tucky and some others who have mingled in the
debate, he can proudly retire from this Chamber,
and returning to his own Indiana, in the retire-
ment of private life, reflect that—
"More true joy Marcellus exiled feels
Than Caesar with a senate at his heels."
Mr. President, we are in the midst of civil war.
Those having the power to determine the policy
of the Government have so far rejected every prop-
osition for a peaceable adjustment, and have re-
solved upon a continuance of the policy of coer-
cion. You have the right to continue that policy
within the limits of the Constitution. The ques-
tion is not one of right, but of expediency. While
I may distrust your ability to guide the ship of
State amid the storms that beset her, while you
act within the limits and in accordance with the
spirit and meaning of the Constitution I shall
wish you speedy and glorious success. I shall
offer no factious opposition to your measures.
Those of them which my judgment approves I
shall vote for; those which involve only questions
of policy, from which I dissent, but which are ap-
proved by the majority, who are responsible for
the proper prosecution of the war, I shall not in
the future, as I have not in the past, oppose, but
leave the responsibility for their adoption where
it properly belongs. Those of them which I hon-
estly believe are violative of the Constitution of
my country, I will oppose by all honorable means,
and to the utmost extent of my power. If you
cannot carry on this war in accordance with the
Constitution, which was made for all times, both
of war and peace, you have no right to carry it on
at ail. 1 will vote for any honoiable proposition
for the peaceable adjustment of our national trou-
bles by which the Union may be maintained and
the Constitution preserved. I have never yet seen
the day when I would have voted for the sunder-
ing of the one or the infiaction of the other. How
long it will be-before the lovers of constitutional
liberty will be compelled to weigh their devotion
to the Union, with its blessings, in one scale, and
that liberty, with its indispensable advantages, in
the other, it will be for you to determine.
In my place in the Senate and at my home and
everywhere 1 go as a pnvate citizen, I will make
continual claim on my own behalf, on behalf of
my children and my fellow-countrymen, to that
priceless liberty, with all its constitutional safe-
guards, which I and they have inherited from our
fathers; and under no circumstances will I ever
abate one particle of opposition to those uncon-
stitutional measures adopted under the tyrant's
plea of necessity, or which may hereafter be so
adopted. Never has there been a Government in
the administration of which its Constitution has
been so often, so violently, and so causelessly in-
fracted, in which civil liberty has been preserved.
It is this alarms me, and it is this alas ins the con-
servative everywhere. In the language of a cele-
brated jurist of the present day, himself a son of
