2524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
• Mr. ANTHONY. How shall I vote in that
case ? If 1 vote to concur with the committee, and
that prevails, my amendment fails, and I have voted
wrong.
The VICE PRE&IDNT. The Senator either
proposes his amendment or he does not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for a division of the ques-
tion The Senator from Rhode Island makes two
propositions: first, to change this second line, so
that it shall read one half cent in place of one cent;
and then he proposes to add a proviso at the end
of the section giving a drawback to American man-
ufacturers of six mills per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair it is susceptible of a division, as each
proposition would stand by itself.
Mr. GRIMES. Then 1 call for a vote on each.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on inserting the word "half, "after the word
"one."
Mr. BROWNING. If I understand the prop-
osition of the Senator from Rhode Island, it is to
pay a premium of one mill per pound to the man-
ufacturers upon all the cotton they manfacture?
That is, I believe, the purport of this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been divided, and
the first amendment reduces the tax.
Mr. CARLILE. Does not the proposition of
the Senator from Rhode Island stand in the nature
of an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. CARLILE. The question being then put
in the first instance on the amendment to the
amendment, if the Senate should not adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island,
they can vote against concurring with the com-
mittee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They can.
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators around me, who
agree with me entirely, suggest very strongly that
I should allow the vote to be taken first on the
amendment of ^the committee, and I will defer to
their opinion, although it does not agree with my
own.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator had
better adhere to his own course and amend it first;
that is the parliamentary way. I am in favor of
reducing this tax to half a cent a pound, and in
that shape I shall vote for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Iowa why he divides the proposi-
tion ?
Mr. GRIMES. Because they are entirely dis-
tinct and separate propositions. I do not under-
stand the second one. I can understand the first
thoroughly. I know that the purpose of the Sen-
ator is to tax half a cent a pound all the cotton
produced in this country, whether exported or
manufactuicd here. Then lie proposes to add an-
other and independent proposition, by which he
gives a drawback to the manufacturer of cotton in
this country of six mills per pound. I want to
hear a speech from him and his colleague also,
why he gives them that extra one per cent.; but
let us take one thing at a tune, and have a vote on
the proposition to make the tax half a cent first.
Mr. ANTHONY. I certainly shall not make
a speech. I have never done that here yet, and
I am not going to do it to-night; but 1 will ex-
plain my amendment. By this bill we impose a
duty of three percent, on manufactures of cotton.
That is about equal to hal/'a cent on the raw ma-
terial. I propose to put that half cent on the raw
material, and ta._e it off the manufactured article;
and by deducting from the manufactured article,
as the proviso does, the amountof the tax imposed
on the raw material, it brings the tax on manufac-
turer^ of cotton precisely as it is now.
Mr. GRIMES. Why do you take six mills
off?
Mr. ANTHONY. That 1 endeavored to ex-
plain. I take off six mills because, when you
buy one hundred pounds of cotton, you can man-
facture only eighty-eight pounds of goods; there
is twelve per cent, waste; so that the manufac-
turer will receive a deduction from the three per
cent., precisely equal to what he has paid on his
cotton. I hope the Senator will not insist on a
division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in favor of the prop-
osition, if it can be reached. I think it eminently
just; but there is one difficulty about it which I
wish to mention. We cannot lay an export duty.
This is put upon the ground not of an export
duty, but as a tax upon the article here at hand.
That is right; but if we give a drawback to the
same amount of that which does not go out of the
country, and then allow no drawback on that
which does go out of the country, are we not sub-
stantially laying an export duty? Is it not
" whipping the devil round the stump," as they
say? The proposition is connected with other
things. There is not the slightest use in the world
in this tax; it will be oppressive beyond measure
to our own people, if you give a drawback on
it, because it is making it cost more here than it
does to a foreigner. This amendment is designed,
therefore, and the argument is, to get the half cent
or cent out of the foreigner. Then, if we lay the
duty equally, halfa centor cent, whateverit may
be,and then allow a deduction of the same amount
to all that is used in this country, while we do
notgive a drawback to that which goes out of the
country, are we not laying an export duty in the
very face of the Constitution ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator is a lawyer.
Does he think any court would decide that it was
an export duty?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that a
court would. They might say we dodged that
question; but does it not amount to that? There
is the difficulty. I do not know but that there
might be some deduction from the duty laid on
the manufacture itself of cotton; but these are
difficulties directly in the way.
Mr. GRIMES. The purpose of the Senator
from Rhode Island is, as I suppose, to protect the
manufacturer of the eastern States. Right after
this we shall have a tariff bill; and we are all dis-
posed, I suppose, to give them almost any kind
of tariff they want.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty, I suppose,
was explained the other day; and that was in re-
lation to the exportation of this article. I do not
think myself that there ought to be a drawback
allowed at all for that which is used in this coun-
try. There is no need of it, not the slightest. The
manufacturers can stand a duty of half a cent.
The great difficulty, as explained the other day
by gentlemen—and that was the great point, and
the only point, in the argument of the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] thataddressed
itself to my mind as affecting my own conclusion
on the subject—was that it interrupted the foreign
trade in this article. If you reduce this duty to
half a cent, and then give a drawback on the man-
ufactured goods, and add to that the amountof
the half cent a pound which he pays for cotton
as drawback when he exports it, you protect the
export entirely for all the purpose you want; you
have no other duty; and in this country it does
not need any protection. If you add half a cent
a pound, it can stand it without any sort of diffi-
culty. Therefore, if the proposition of the Sen-
ator is simply to reduce the tax to half a cent a
pound, I will vote for that; and then, when we
come to amend the drawback section, we can pro-
vide that the manufacturer of cotton goods shall
have for the drawback on the manufactured ar-
ticle all that he has paid in any shape as duty on
the article,and provide that there shall be no draw-
back on the raw cotton exported. That will an-
swer, and accomplish the whole purpose. But if
you give a drawback on that which is used in this
country, you run against this provision of the
Constitution substantially.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should have no objection to
taking the question on the report of the commit-
tee. I think that is the best way. The probability
is we shall concur with the action of the commit-
tee and strike out this clause, especially as it was
stricken out by a large majority in Committee of
the Whole; and then, I suppose, we can go home
and get some dinner.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better take
the question on reducing the tax to half a cent,
and then settle the other question in relation to
the drawback.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to draw a pro-
vision in lieu of the one now before us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can do that before
we come to the drawback section.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wantto put them together.
I have some few notions about this subject myself,
and I think I can satisfy the Senator from Maine, if
he will let this subject go over until morning, that
I can draw a provision which will answer his pur-
pose. I am willing to take the question on mak-
ing the duty half a cent a pound.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will yield to the Senators
around me and withdraw my amendment. I shall
vote to concur with the committee unless,my
amendment is adopted; and then, if we do not con-
cur, I can move to insert it subsequently.
Mr. GRIMES. I renew the motion of the Sen- '
ator from Rhode Island, to reduce it from one cent
to half a cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then that is the
motion now pending.
Mr. WADE. This is a pretty important ques-
tion, in which considerable interest is taken by
many Senators, some of whom are not here. It is
getting late and I do not see any necessity forsit-
ting here longer. It looks to me as though we
might finish the bill to-morrow, and unless there
is a strong opposition to it, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate now adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandter, Harris. Pomeroy,
Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts—9.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon. Doolittle, Fessenden, Fool, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlaii, Howard, Howe, Kinij, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
McDougall, Morrill, Powell, Kice, Sherman, Simmons,
Stark, Ten Eyck, "Willey, and Wright—2b.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
inserting the word " half" before " cent."
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have that
go over until to-morrow, and we can go on with
other questions in the mean time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We might as well take
the vote on this question of reducing it to half a
cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have something to say on
the whole question, but I am not quite strong
enough to do so at this hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is as much as we
can attend to in the rest of the bill this evening,
certainly, if we pass over this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not move the pend-
ing proposition. 1 have nothing to do with it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will agree to pass it over until to-morrow
morning.
Mr GRIMES. I have not charge of the bill;
but if the Senator from Maine is willing to do that,
I have no objection.
Mr. DOOlLlTTLE. I desire to ask a question
for information. When two sums are named, as
in this case, a cent and half a cent, on which is the
vote to be taken first?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
strike out " a cent," and insert " half a cent;" or
rather, as the clause now reads " one cent per
pound,"it is proposed to insert " half " between
" one" and " cent."
Mr. SIMMONS. As I understand, we struck
outthatwholeclause in Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In Committee of
the Whole the section was stricken out, including
this clause.
Mr. FOOT. The question is on concurring in
the amendment; but we may concur with an
amendment, or we may amend the section in any
way we please before takingthe vote on the amend-
ment which is to strike it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if the motion to strike
out and insert is divisible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. CARLILE. Is the question now on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I-understood that the Sen-
ator from Maine assented to the request of my
colleague, that this question should be passed
over, and the other provisions of the bill be acted
on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we do that we shall
have a long debate on this question to-morrow,
and waste another day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall not take more than
ten minutes.
