1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
while said forces remained in cither of said counties, what
sum of money has been charged or allowed for their sub-
fcistenee.
Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by-
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate have passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
A bill (No. 241) to authorize the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to lay
and collect a water tax, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 193) to repeal that part of an act of
Congress that prohibits the circulation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in
the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 240) to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in the primary schools; through-
out the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, withoutthe limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown;
A bill (No. 251) for the relief of Francis Hiitt-
mann;
A bill (No. 124) relating to the highways in the
county of Washington and District of Columbia;
and
A bill (No. 108) for the release of certain per-
sons held to scrvice or labor in the District of Co-
lumbia.
The message furtherannounced that the Senate
have indefinitely postponed bills of the House of
the following titles:
A bill (No. 334) relating to the appointmentand
compensation of chaplains to military hospitals;
A bill (No. 296) to authorize additional mail-
able matter; and
A bill (No. 244) to establish a postal money
order system.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask that the
bills just received from the Senate relating to the
business of the District be referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WICKLJFFE. I object.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
The House then proceeded, as a special order,
to the consideration of the bill of the House No.
312, to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt,
reported from the Committee of the Whole ontho
state of the Union on Friday last, with sundry
amendments.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR of M issoun. 1 ask the gentleman
to permit me to oOer one amendment bcfoie he
moves the previous question.
Mr.STEVENS. 1 will yield to the gentleman
in this instance; but will not yield again to any
gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to add at
the end of the bill, as follows:
Rise. —. And be )t further rnnHci!, That any person who
Khali claim to own the service or labor for life of any per-
son under the laws of any State shall pay for ami on ac-
count of the bciivice of each poison held the miiu ot two
dollars.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
permit me to offer an amendment before he calls
the previous question.
Mr. ELIOT made a similar request.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; 1 decline to yield
further. I move the previous question on the bill
and amendments.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendments will
now be read, and that all (he amendments upon
which no separate vote is asked will be considered
as adopted.
No objection being made, the Speaker an-
nounced the proposition of Mr. Stevens as the
the order of the House.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments:
Fourth amendment;
Page 3, hn« thn teen, add to the section piovidini* fut col-
lection di-tucts,as iollows:
Provided, 1 hit the number of districts m any rotate -dialI
not exccd the numoor ot members ot Congress to wnich
such State sdiall be entitled.
Mr. STEVENS asked the consent of tlioHouse
to amend the amendment, so as to make it ruados
follows:
Piovided, Thai tiie number ot districts m any State or
Territory shall not cxeeed the number of Representatives '
or Delegates in Congress to which such State or Teiritory '
shall be entitled.
There was no objection,and the amendmentto
the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Strike out "five" and insert "one" in the following
clause of the twentieth section:
But in case of non-payment or tender, as aforesaid, the
said ofliceis shall proceed to sell the said goods, chattel*,
or effects at public auction, and shall and may letam fiom
the proceeds of such sate the amount demandable tor the
use of the United States, with the necessaiy and reason-
able expenses of distraint and sale, and a commission of
five per cent, thereon for his own use, rendering the over-
plus, if any there be, to the person whose goods, chattels,
or effects bhall have been di&tiained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for a sep-
arate vote upon that amendment, and call for tell-
ers upon it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt and
Calvert were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreedlo.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like the consent
of the House to change the section which fixes
the limit of the commissions of collectors at $8,000
to something reasonable.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. DUNLAP asked the consent of the House
to modify the section relating to the license for
distillers, so us to piovide that all such licenses
shall expire on the 1st day of June, instead of
April.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the consent of the
House to ask a question of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I suppose it is
the desire of all of us to make the bill as perfect
as possible.
There was no objection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The amendment which
we have adopted, as I understand it, makes the
tax sales of collectors conclusive against the de-
fendants in such cases. I wish to inquire if that
was the intention of the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
Mr. STEVENS. We have modified that so
that if shall convey to the purchaser such title as
the defendant may possess to the propel tv sold.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. The original bifl made
such sales absolutely conclusive. This amend-
ment makes it conclusive against the defendant.
Mr. STEVENS. This provision, as amended,
will make tin' sale of a collector stand on the same
footing us a sale upon execution. The amend-
ment reads:
Who, upon such sale, shall, as Mich maishal or deputy
maishal, make and deliver to the puichasei ofthe ptemises
&o sold a deed of conveyance theicof, to be executed and
acknowledged m like manner as it said premises had been
sold upon execution issued on a judgment at law, which
said deed so made .shall invest the puiehaser with all the
title and mteie-t of the defendant or defendants named in
said wan ant.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suggest still that the
amendment makes the sale absolutely conclusive
upon the defendant, and, it seems to me, will in
many cases workgreat injustice. There arc many
persons who will bo absent at the time of sale, and
this provision will exclude them from showing
even that, there was no advertisement of the sale,
if there was none. I merely wish to inquire
whether that was the intention of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
j Mr. STEVENS. It does not make the title
j conclusive, but it does conclude the defendant.
! We intended to make it the same as a sheriff's
| sale.
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. ' It has never been done
. before.
' Mr. STEVENS. I will say to the gentleman
j from Kentucky that there was a time when a title !
i under a tax sale was good for nothing, because j
i the purchaser had to show the rrguhinty of the j
j sale and everything else. It is now made with 1
us in Pennsylvania the >ame as a^henflf's sale. 1
, A tax title in the District of Columbia is not worth :
j a farthing, because the purchaser has to show
: eveiythmg in legald to the n-^uLuMv of the tax
! In most of the States, however, ail of that is
' altered. -
* Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is it intended to reveiso ;
i all those things? !
Mr. STEVENS. All those things have been
reversed already.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. It will be remembered
that in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union I moved an amendment providing
that the assignment of the deed should be prima
facie, but not conclusive, evidence of the facts
stated. The chairman of the committee thought
it was right, but the committee voted it down. I
ask unanimous consent to move it at this point.
Mr. BABBITT. I object.
Ninety-ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
And provided further, That all distilled spiiits now man-
ufactured, or that may be manufactured before the 1st day
of May, 1860, in the United States, shall pay the same sum
per gallon, when sold, aspiovided by UiK act upon distilled
spirits manufactured from and after the 1st day of May,
1&62.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote on that amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Has any provision been
made in the bill for the collection of that tax?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The committee
reversed its action in the matter by a subsequent
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
One hundred and thirteenth and one hundred
and fourteenth amendments:
gtuke out the wouls in biackets, and in lieu thereof in-
&cit the woidi in italics :
Sec. 53. Jlnd be it Juitkct enacted, That all beer, lager
beer. ale. poiter, and other similar fei men ted liquors which
[shall] now arc or may be made, and all spuituous liquors
which [shall] ■noicarcormay bo distilled, within the United
States or the Ten il ones thereof, or the District of Columbia,
the duties on which shall not have been paid, according to
the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be lorfeited,
and may be seized as forfeited by any collector of internal
duties: Provided, always. That such liquors and spirits shall
not behabl" to seizure and foi tenure, in the hands of a bona
fide purcha«<n, without notice that the duties thereon have
not been paid or secured to be paid.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask a separate vote on those
two amendments, and hope that they will be re-
jected. They ought to fall with the amendment
just disagreed to.
The amendments were severally disagreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to reconsider the
votes in regard to whisky and lager beer, and that
that motion be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. By the agreement of the
House that is unnecessary.
One hundred and eighteenth amendment:
Imeu the woids "and f-old or removed lor consumption
oi sale,'' m> that the section will i<-ad:
And. until &uc!i dutie> u uh sueh addition shall be paid,
they'dialI be and icmain a pcipetual hen upon the dUtil-
Iety whei^ s u li Iiquot* have been distiihd and bold, or
removed for consumption oi sale, or the bievverv wheie
iuch iKjuoij have been biewed, and upon the stills, boil
eis> vat", and all other implements thereto belonging, until
the dame shall have been paid.
Mr. HOOPER. That was inserted by mistake.
The amendment was lejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
And said officer shall forthwith cause a notification to
be published in some newspaper, if any thcie be within the
distuct, and publicly posted up at the tavern neaiestto the
residence of the poison whose propeity shall be distrained,
or at the court-house ofthe same county, if not more than
ten mile*, distant, which notice shall specify the articles
distiained, and Uie time and place piopobed for the sale
theieot, &c.
Mr. COLFAX moved to strike out the word
" tavern," and in lieu thereof to insert the words
" post office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, moved to strike
out the woid "district," and in lieu thereof to
insert the word "county."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Tlieto shiill be exempt fiom clistiaint the tools or imple-
ments of a trade or pioles?ion, one cow, arms, household
lutniiuic, and piovisions kept for Ube, and appaiel neces-
saiy for a family.
The SPEAKER. There ought to be a trans-
position in that paragraph; so as to make it read,
" arms, pr-n isionx, and household furniture, "&c.
By unaminovjs on&ent, the transposition was
made.
On" hundred and tliirty-yixth amendment:
£?n ike oaf th • wo d in brackets, and in lieu theieof insert
the u oi d- in iul"--. ,n t i'1 Lnj|o\vnig;
3 \\ '!'>'« -nk' dt'a'ei^ m i:<]iio.< oi'rain and everv descrip-
tion. i'H indtiiu' dK.ii'd - pint-, tc men ted iiquoi*, and wines
ot ail '.nuK, «h<iil pa} [flit)] one hundred dollars lor each
licen t.
