1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLBBE.
54: 3
one of tho framors of the Constitution, and a de-
voted friend of the Union, Chancellor S. S. Nich-
olas, of Kentucky, whose opinions I oppose to
those of the Senator from thatState, [Mr. Davis:]
" The following powers are given exclusively to Con-
gress :
" 1. To increase the Aimy.
"9. To incioase the Navy.
" 3. To appropriate the nation's money.
£° rti§u'afe commence witli foreign nations.
"5. To regulate commeice between Uh; States.
"G. To contract debt on behalf of the nation.
"7. To suspend the writ of habeas corpus. 
" The following poweis are denied to both Congress and
the President:
111. To proclaim maittal law.
"2. To airest without a legal warrant.
"3. Impu&onment or othei punishment without convic-
tion upon legal trial.
"4. Punishment undei ex pod facto or non-e\i<nmg law
"5. The mnnduction ot Icttrhs dc cachet, bastiies, and
the midnight seciet proceedings ol the Inquisition.
"6. The mtcidiction of expoits.
" 7. The favoi ing of borne ports to the piejudice of others.
"8. The legulation of the commerce ot a State within its
own bounds.
"9. To hnpait the fieedom of -peeeh and the press.
" 10. To infi Inge the people's right to keep and bear arms.
" 13. To make unreasonable marches and seizures.
li 12 To piolubit cmigiation or require a pas«poi t.
" 13. To di-mifs the police of a city in an unpioclaimed
State, and appoint others in their place."
Here are twenty important laws or constitu- .
tionai provisions winch tlvPresidenthas violated,
according to this learned authority; and we all
know that since tho commencement of this strug-
gle no man has written or spoken more earnestly
for the preservation of the Union than has Chan-
cellor Nicholas, of Kentucky; but, being one of
those who believe that tho Union can only be pre-
served by preserving tho Constitution, he consid-
ers that lie has a right to enunciate these opinions
without his loyalty beingquestioned. That is all
that I have been claiming for myself; that is all
that I ask to be meted out for the Senator from
Indiana. Chancellor Nicholas says:
" Here arc twenty impoitant laws ot constitutional pro-
visions which he [the President] ha- gio-*ly, willfully vio-
lated. Flis usmpattons aie so e\ten-ive that it would nar-
row the inquuy to ask what law or constitutional pi ovision
he has not\ lolated, lather than to ask which he lias violated
or usuiped upon. The right*, the safeguards he has taken
away are gi eater, fat greater, than those he has left."
Now, I ask you, Senators, if the Senator from
Indiana has ever undertaken to utter in his place
here, or to write or to publish such an attack as
this upon the President of the United States, or
upon the exercise of authority by the President
of the United States ? Never. If gentlemen who
have preceded ine had referred to the course of
the Senator from Indiana more correctly; if they
had taken the trouble to examine our records
rather than to take it for granted that he has op-
posed everything, in my judgment, they would
have found that, but on three or four occasions,
has he opened his mouth against any bill which
the majoiity of this body has asked the adoption
of. He has availed himself simply of the right
which every Senator has—if his judgment does
not approve of an act, not to offer you factious
opposition, but to record a silent vote, and let you
be unobstructed in your legislation. Had hu men
in his piacc, and announced the principles which
Chancellor Nicholas has announced and published
to the country, I ask you if we should not have
heard them reiterated over and over again m this
debate. Would you have said that these were
causes for expulsion, and would you have voted
for his expulsion because he had uttered these
sentiments? And yet no man in Kentucky, no
man in the United States, that I ever heaid of,
questions the loyalty, the patriotism, the devotion
of Chancellor Nicholas, not only to the Union,
but to the Constitution of his country.
In the language of the same distinguished wii-
ter:
<k The nation is now afflicted with two ten ihle wais going
on together. The war against the Union and tne \v«u
against the Constitution .lie being waged simultan^ou-h.
Eaeh wears a threatening aspect of «reat peril Which pio-
sents the greater peril it would be difficult to decide. Winch,
if successful, will be most calamitous, men ot intelligence
will have no difficulty m deciding, even though they knew
that a large majoiity of out countmneu might "decide
dsffeicntly. So in deteimmuig wind) of the two h the
worst treason—the war against the Union or the war auam-t
the Constitution—men will ditfei m the «aaie way. A pa-
triot can side with neither uai, but must le-i^i them both.
He mu-t do tin-, even though lie bung< upon Inm-ell an
imputation fiom the ignoiant that he tli '!<■ by lavois one of
theise wats. The patuohsm isot little woitn winch cannot
bide the scathing of such imputations."" ;
Senators, do not add to this long list of usurp- j
ations by expelling a Senator because he has
opposed them.
Mr. President, in the heat and ardor of the mo-
ment I may, perhaps, have spoken imprudently
for myself, f know that there is a spirit abroad
in the land which assumes to sit in judgment, not
only upon the actions, but upon the motives of
men. I know that as good, as true, and as loyal
men as breathe the air of heaven this day rest
under the foul suspicion, the unjust suspicion of
disloyalty, because they dare to utter one word m
defense of what they consider an imperiled Con-
stitution. Every person who edits a ten by twelve
newspaper, the circulation of which has not been
stopped by your Postmaster General, dares to
question the loyalty and the love of country of
men who have done, and who would do more for
their country, under all circumstances, than the
whole of them combined. But. sir, though I may
have spoken imprudently, I have spoken honestly;
for I am one of those who believe that the ex-
pulsion of tho Senator from Indiana, instead of
strengthening the friends of Union, will only
weaken them; not, perhaps, to any very great ex-
tent, but certainly to some extent. Every oppres-
sive act you do, every unjust act you do, every
unjust suspicion that you cast upon an honest
man, but shows your intolerance and weakens
your cause. If you would be successful in this
great battle which you are fighting for the pres-
ervation of the Union, be just and fear not. Let
all the ends you aim at be your country's, your
God's, and truth's, and you may possibly suc-
ceed, though it may be that years will pass away
before you^succeed; But if intolciauee is to rule
the hour; if the motives of men are to be impugned;
if Senators ore to be expelled ; if opprobrium is to
be cast upon everybody who dares to differ m
opinion Irom you, or to question the wisdom of
your policy, it may be submitted to for a time;
but an honest people, meaning to be free, and to
| assert their inalienable rights to think as they
; please, and to express their opinions and to act
| as fiee men should act, will not long tolerate such
a course of conduct; and in your effort to preserve
tho Union you will only the more surely hasten
its destruction.
Senators, pause, I bSseech you; pause before you
do this deed. You stand upon a volcano whose
fires may in a moment belch forth to lay waste
and to destroy. Already they rage in fury be-
neath your feet. The mountain smokes; the earth
trembles. A general, without authority of law,
but in defiance of law, makes forced levies upon
those obnoxious to his censure for the support of
whom he pleases. Extra and unconstitutional
oaths are exacted by the command of a military
despot. The secret order, it is reported, goes
forth to arm the skive, if necessary, for the destruc-
tion of his master. The marauder stalks abroad
to pillage, burn, and destroy. The jud c is im-
prisoned in his house, and his independence at-
tempted to be destroyed by illegally withholding
his pay. Your peaceful citizens rot in bastiles,
and their cries arc refused to be heard.
In the midst of general lawlessness be ye, the
law makers of the land, the guai dians of the law,
the defenders of an imperiled Constitution. Do
not that which may return to plague you m your
own persons; lest when, in imitation of the example
which history furnishes, and in imitation of your
own, a lawless soldiery, under the guide of some
ambitious usurper, shall drive you from these j
Halls, because " the Lord has no further need of '!
your services;" there may be found those who j!
shall " laugh at your calamity, and mock when ji
your fear oometh." What sound is that I hear? i|
It is a voice at the othei end of the Capitol, and til ,|
the hall of legislation, proclaiming that the Presi- jj
dent should usurp dictatorial powers, not to pre- i1
serve, but to destroy the Constitution. It revcr- ij
beratesin thisChamber. "ByHeaven,"exclaims n
an experienced and leading Senator, "if I was ij
! your President, and you would not give me the |l
1 necessary authority, I would usurp it, and you ||
1 might help yourselves." The crater forms. Sen-
i ators, pause; preserve the jewel of constitutional |
libeity, though the casket may be broken. |j
; Mi. DAVIS. I should like, to have the oppor-j!
; tunity (if making <t v*. ry short explanation. I have |j
occupied a great deal more time on this subject J
than 1 should have done; and I am sorrv now to 1
feel it necessary to make a shoit explanation. ij
It is my purpose, Air. President, and U is my h
desire, to treat every gentleman who is a member
of this body, or who is notamemberof this body,
with perfcct decorum and courtesy; but the hon-
orable gentleman who has just taken his seat, and
the gentleman frcm California, [Mr. Latham,]
who addressed the Senate a few days ago, fell into
a misconception of a position that I assumed in
my argument. Both of them stated, if I under-
stand aright, that I had assumed and argued that
a Senator might be expelled from this body be-
cause of his opinions alone. I never entertained
any such opinion or principle as that. I never
intended so to express myself in the extempora-
neous speech which I made, and according to my
recollection, I did not so express myself. But
this position I then assumed, and this position I
now maintain: that where a Senator's opinions
are incompatible with tho proper performance of
his duty as a member of the Senate, and he con-
forms his action to his opinions, both together con-
stitute a very sufficient cause for his expulsion.
When I asked tho courtesy of the honorable
gentleman to make an explanation, he was quot-
ing the authority of Story in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, as setting forth a position which
I had assumed. He quoted this much from Story:
that the party proceeded against need not have
committed a misdemeanor within the body from
which it was sought to expel him; butif he com-
mitted a misdemeanor out of the body, that should
be a sufficient cause also for his expulsion. Mr.
President, that is only a portion of the ground
lhatStory lays down, only a portion of the ground
which I read from him, and only a portion of the
ground on which I relied. You, sir, and the Sen-
ate, will lecollect distinctly that I assumed that,
in order to authoiize the Senate to expel a mem-
ber, it was not necessary that that member should
hnve committed any offense defined by law,either
by common law or by statute law. You will rec-
ollect that 1 read at some considerable length
from the authority of Mr. Adams's report in the
case of Smith, and I also read at some considerable
length from the report in the case of Blount, a
member of the Senate from the State of Tennes-
see, who was expelled from this body; and I also
read a collation of authorities from the British
Houses of Parliament, as collated by Justice Story
himself, that established this position: that it was
a matter of judgment nnd discretion, and rested
wholly in the judgmentand discretion of the body
which was proceeding against one of its members
for expulsion, whether the cause was sufficient or
insufficient, and that ail the authorities concurred
in laying down the rule that where the principles
and the conduct of the party proceeded against
were such as to render it improper and unsafe
that he should continue a member of the body,
and his peers so considered the case as made out
against him, they had tho power, and it was their
duty, to expel him. I do not quote the exact
words, but state the substance.
I furthermore quoted from the Senator from In-
diana's letter of September last, the 7th of Sep-
tember if I recollect right, in which he avowed m
distinct and most emphatic language—1 do not
recollect the verbiage—his opposition to the prin-
ciple and to the measures of coercion that had then
been adopted by the Government of the United
States.
On the 4th of July last, Co ngress commenced
its extra session. What was the condition of the
country then, in a word or two? The confeder-
ates hnd a laigcr army probably assembled and
set in the field jn the State of Virginia and in the
immediate neighborhood of this capital than had
ever before been assembled upon the continent of
Aniei ica. They had assumed this position: " we
have gone out of the Union: we constitute an in-
dependent and an alien government to that of the
United States; we prefer to be let alone and that
our independence shall be peaceably recognized;
but unless it is thus recognized we will make war
against the Government of the United States to
the last extremity to sustain our independence."
i\ow, sir, here is the pith of this matter, and in my
judgment the most serious part of it. The gentle-
man from Indiana came here a member "of the
Senate at the extra session of Congress. What
alternative was then left to Congress and to the
Government of the United States ? It was to raise
men and money, and by hostile armies to meet the
insurgents in the field at the head of their formida-
ble power. Suppose we had not done so, where
