1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
37th Cong....2d Sess. Treasury Notes—Legal Tender—The Treasury—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
how, meantime, are these United States notes to
be floated? By voluntary credit, founded on ade-
quate taxation ? Not at all, sir. Taxation to
nearly or perhaps two thirds the same amount
would, as I shall presently prove, float these notes
at par with gold and silver indefinitely. But if
taxation is meant, then no other means of credit
are needed. How comes it, then, that force, co-
ercion, is to be resorted to to compcl these notes
into circulation ? The faith of the United States,
supported by taxation, is to be abandoned, and
this paper money is to be floated in every com-
mercial and business transaction of the country,
by main force of law, and not voluntary credit
because of the solvency of the United States, till
a year or two hence the Secretary shall have stocks
enough to enable him to execute his financial
schemes and contrivances in full. This, then, is
the first step in the direction of his grand fiscal
and monetary agent which is to maintain the credit
of the Government and supply the sole paper cur-
rency of the country; and in further proof, I refer
to the fact that in his late annual report, the Sec-
retary styles the notes to be " prepared for circu-
lation under national direction," and issued by
this monster fisoality, " United States notes."
These, then, sir, are the reasons why the ancient,
approved, constitutional term " Treasury note,"
sanctioned by eighty-two acts of Congress, and
sustained by judicial decisions, is to bo cast off and
abandoned for one just freshly coined for tlxjnew
financial nomenclature of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
But I have yet another objection to this bill.
Secreted innocently in the first section, I find the
following:
" And any holders of said United States notes depositing
any sum not less than fifty dollars, or other than a multiple
of fifty, with the Treasurer ot the United States, or either of
the Assistant Treasurers, or either ot the designated depos-
itaries at Cincinnati or Baltimore, shall receive in exchange
therefor duplicate certificates of deposit, one of which may
be transmitted to the Secietary of the Tieasury, who shah
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount m bonds ol
the United States, coupon or registered, as may bo desired,
bearing interest at the lateof sixpei cent., and ledeemable,
at the pleasure of the Government, after twenty ycais iiom
date; or in sums not less than ^2,;}U0,yb7" which, if requested,
the Secretary, if he deem it expedient, may issue similar bonds,
the principal and interest of which may be expressed in the
currency of any foreign country, and payable there."
So that whoever, though a citizen of the United
States, can gather together $2,500 of theso notes,
may convert them into stocks expressed in the
currency of a foreign country > with principal and
interest payable there, and of course in gold and
silver or its equivalent; while he who holds fifty
dollars or upwards, but less than $2,500, is obliged
to receive domestic bonds, payable at home, prin-
cipal and interest, in "United States notes, or
the continental money of 1862. And now, sir, what
is the cfleet of all this ? The bonds issued are to
be of the same amount as the face value of the
United States notes, no matter how much the lat-
ter may be depreciated, and they will depreciate
in spite or because of your legal tender c ause;
and not only this, but the face value of the bonds
finally, and meantime of the interest, is to be in-
creased by the rate of foreign exchange, whatever
it may be at the time of the payment of either
principal or interest. Nor is this all. The pur-
pose of this provision, discriminating so palpably
and unjustly between the great and the small cred-
itors ot' the Government, and providing for specie
ted States notes
those expressed in the home paper currency, so
thata surer, speedier,and more profitable accumu-
lation of stocks may be had for the darling object
of the Secretary, his grand fiscal contrivance. A
twofold puipose will thus be subserved: first, an
earlier investment or funding of these notes; sec-
ond, a more valuable class of stocks for banking
operations To the banker also who shall invest
in these bonds, payable in a foreff cumnty
country, there will accrue, not only the diffuence
between the real value of the United States notes,
and the par or face value of the bonds, and the pi -
mium upon foreign exchange, but also the profits
to be derived from the seven per cent, interest on
the notes to be circulated by the new banks, and
sometimes, if not regularly, where the bank is
distant from the city of New York, or perhaps
Philadelphia and Boston—say in the Noithwest
the fictitious exchange, equal to from six to eigh-
teen per cent, per annum, amounting, with the
other profits of banking, in all to from twenty to
forty per cent, to the holder of these stocks who
shall invest them in the Secretary's new banks.
But the operation does not stop here. The inter-
est on these will be paid, of course, in gold or its
equivalent; and other United States notes, issued
or reissued under this bill, will be bought at their
depreciated value as compared with gold, andcon-
verted into new stocks, payable in a foreign coun-
try and currency; and thus the circle oi profits
upon an increased capital will again be traveled
round, till the untold millions of stocks pro-
vided for in the first section of this bill andthe
,000,000 authorized by the second section,
shall have all been exhausted.
Sir, there is no need for the amendment sug-
gested the other day by the chairman of the Ways
and Means, providing for the payment of the in-
terest on these stocks in gold and silver. _ He is
not in the secret. There will be no bonds issued,
and none are intended or expected to be issued,
except those payable in a foreign currency and
country, and of course in specie. No wonder, sir,
that every adventurer and stockjobber and specu-
lator and kito-flyer and contractor, too, outside
of this House is pressing this monstrous scheme,
worthy of John Law's most daring genius, gigan-
tic in its proportions, corrupting in its success,
and desolating as an earthquake in its final ruin.
No wonder the Ways and Means and the coun-
try are afflicted daily with " spouting wretches"
and scribbling wretches, who raise the magic howl
that whoever opposes this great American bubble
of 1862, following close upon the great " national
loan" bubble of 1861, is in sympathy with the
rebellion, and giving aid to traitors. Let us see,
now, who and how many will dare to stand up
against tins clamor, and to hold fast to the Con-
stitution, and cling firmly to the real interests and
final safety and preservation of the country.
Sir, it is altogether aside from my present point
of argument to urge in reply that this very demand
for stocks, payable in the currency of a foreign
country, will not only hasten the funding of the
notes, and extend the loan, and thus the resources
of the Government, but will keep up the credit and
par circulation of the notes themselves. Certainly,
sir; that is part of the idea of the scheme; and, to
a certain extent, the result anticipated will follow
in this last particular also. But the bulls and the
bears will have something to do with that, too;
and the authors of the contrivance themselves have
not confidence that this demand would of itself float
these $150,000,000 of notes at their par value, or
anything near it; else why do they propose to re-
sort to that very element which above all others
tends to destroy credit—-force ?
But I have not done with this section yet, sir.
There is no end to the stocks which, payable in
the home paper currency provided for by this bill,
or a foreign specie currency, arc to be issued. The
UnitedStatesnotesareto be reissued indefinitely as
soon as funded, and funded indefinitely as fast as
reissued. The wheel of fortune is to be perpet-
ually in motion, and at every revolution is to throw
out now notes and now stocks, till superseded by
the grand machine for manufacturing a national
currency suggested by the Secretary in his annual
report. ... ,
And now,sir, besides this emission of notes and
bonds as multitudinous as the sands of the sea-
shore, the second section provides for the issue of
§500,000,000 more. It recites that it is " to ena-
ble the Secretary to fund the Treasury notes and
floating debt of the United States." " Treas-
ury " notes indeed. What Treasury notes? None
are proposed to be issued by this bill;and all issued
under existing laws, including the acts of July
and August, 1861, are to be funded in the same
manner as provided for in this section; unless, in-
deed, the object of the section be, after all, only
to enable the Secretary to convortall the outstand-
ing Treasury notes issued under existing laws,
except the $50,000,000 notes, amounting, accord-
to the gentleman from N"ew York, [M.r. Spaul-
ding,] to 94103,OUO,000, into bonds expressed m a
foreign cun*cnc.y and country, and payable there,
so as to still further increase the amount of the
more valuable and profitable class of stocks winch
are to constitute the basis of the new national bank.
The "United States notes"—not "Treasury'
notes—authorized by the first section of this bill,
and the demand notes issued under the act of July
last, are to be funded according to the provisions
of the section itself.
Then, sir, we have here some $103,000,000 of
old-fashioned Treasury notes payable at a future
dayand bearing interest. Wo have also the float-
ing debt estimated by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Spaulding] at §100,000,000, though,
in my belief, it is more than double that sum. But
why authorize $500,000,000 of stock wherewith
to fund two or three hundred millions of dollars
of Treasury notes and floating debt? The secret
lurks quietly in the last sentence of the section:
"And the Secietary of the Tieasury may also exchange
such bonds at any time for lawful money of the United
States."
Sir, what does all this mean? What will be
"lawful money" of the United States if this bill
pass? The issue of bonds is expressly declared
to be for the funding of Treasury notes and the
floating debt of the United States; and the Secre-
tary is authorized to issue them to any creditor of
the United States who will receive them at their
par value in satisfaction of his demands. He may
also exchange them for Treasury notes heretofore
issued, or which may be issued, under the pro-
visions of this bill, although this bill provides not
at all for Treasury notes, either m us title or in
the body of it, but only for the newly devised
"United State#notes." And yet this is the bill
which the gentlemanfromNewYork[Mr. Spaul-
ding] declared, without a smile, to be "simple
and perspicuous in its terms, and easy of execu-
tion !" Sir, I am very sure he never could have
written it; nor, 1 apprehend, has he over scruti-
nized its language or its provisions with critical
accuracy. .
But not only are these stocks to be issued in lieu
of Treasury notes or discharge of floating debt, but
the Secretary may also " exchange" them ior the
lawful money of the United States. Sir, 1 pass by
the singular inaccuracy ofprovidingfor the "ex-
change" of bonds for gold and silver, or money
of any kind, as a more verbal criticism. Tlut are
these bonds, too, to be issued for the United States
notes of the first section? These notes are ex-
pressly declared to be " lawful money," and was
it not enough to provide for the eternal circle, the,
endless chain of issue and tunding and funding and
reissue of the first section? No doubt the real object
of this provision is to enable the Secretary to sell
these bonds for cash, and thus to create a now debt,
instead offundingor transmutingadebt which may
exist previous to and independent of the bonds.
Why not, then, say so openly in the title and in
the body of the bill? But I oppose this pro-
vision, and prefer that the notes and bonds pro-
vided for in this bill shall both be issued, not for
the purpose of raising money, but to discharge
debts otherwise incurred. In no other way, 1
fear, can you expect to float these United States
notes or Treasury notes, whichever you may call
them, at par with gold and silver, or the notes of
specie-paying banks.
And now, sir, what, i beg to know, is the object
of all this, if it be not to create an enormous and
endless public debt, to be interwoven witheveiy
political, social, and business relation of life; to
subjugate the States and the people perpetually to
the Federal Government, and therefore never to
be extinguished ? The seven years of famine are
upon lis, and our modern Joseph is to buy in the
property uf tin; whole people, and lease it out to
them again as tenants at a perpetual rent. Sir, i
commend to him the ancient and significant lie-
brew proverb: Quiun lateres diiplicantur v.enit Jtloses
 when the bricks arc doubled, Moses comes.
I propose, then, Mr. Chairman, asubstitute for
the bill, omitting so much of it as purpoits to
make these notes a legal tender. Hut 1 go iurthei.
The Treasury notes authorized by the act of July
last, and those provided for by this bill, are both
declaicd to be payable, the one on demand, and
the other " at the pleasure of the United States.
Payable in what' You have no gold and silver
You can borrow none. You propose to collect
§150,000,000 in taxes and imposts. But you issue
at the same time $150,000,000 of Treasury notes,
declared to be money) made a legal tender, receiv-
able for the public dues, and to be circulated gen-
