1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2525'
Mr. FESSENDEN. But many other Senators
may take ten minutes each.
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senate should vote
down this proposition, wiJl it not then be compe-
tent to non-concur in the committee's proposition,
and leave the bill as it was in this respect?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My colleague on the
committee, the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,] appeals to me so strongly, being1 un-
able to say to-night what he wants to say, that I
shall not object to the suggestion he made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I d<*not think we shall lose
time by deferring this matter until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But we may as well vote
now on the pending: proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
insert "half" between the words "one" and
" cent."
Mr. CARLILE. I am in favor of this clause
of the bill as it came to the Senate, before h was
amended in Committee of the Whole; and I should
like to record my vote against the proposition of
the Senator from Iowa, and also against the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole. I there-
fore ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. The question, I understand,
is on reducing this duty from one cent to half a
cent. I prefer that the whole clause should be
stricken out; but if it is to be retained, I hope it
will be with the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, and I say so without any fear of being sup-
posed to have any sympathy with the rebellion,
or with anything which can support this rebel-
lion. I believe that it will be a departure from the
policy of this bill if we undertake to tax cotton.
We do not tax flax or hemp, or flour or grain, or
any of the other agricultural products of the coun-
try.
Mr. WADE. We tax domestic wines.
Mr. SUMNER. Not by my vote.
Mr. WADE. We tax whisky.
Mr. SUMNER. Whisky is not one of the ag-
ricultural products of the country, but a manu-
facture. This tax of one cent a pound, taken in
'connection with a tax of three per cent, on man*
ufactures, will amount, as I am told by those who
are familiar with the subject, to a tax of seven or
eight, per cent, on the coarse cotton fabrics, those
usually used by the poorerclasses. Are you ready
to vote that special large tax on the poorer classes,
for there it will fall? There are various kinds of
cottons: there are the common cottons and the
fine cottons; but this proposed tax is uniform; it
is the same for the coarse as it is for the fine; and
being the same for the coarse as it is for the fine,
you carry upon those cottons which are used by
the poorer classes a tax which you might prop-
erly impose on the higher. That is with me one
of the strongest arguments against this proposed
tax. The Senator from Maine said that he was
impressed by the other argument that this would
fall also upon an extensive foreign commerce in
which our people are engaged. That certainly is
entitled to weight; but with me it has no such
weight as the first argument which I have stated.
Then, sir, as I had the honor of saying, when
this subject was up before, suppose those seats on
the other side of the Chamber were filled; sup-
pose that there were Senators here from the cot-
ton States, would you think of imposing <x tux on
cotton if you did not in the same bill impose a
tax on the agricultural products of the North ? I
believe that you would not; and, sir, in their ab-
sence I will not do any act which I would not if
I could do when they were here.
Mr. GRIMES. Would you not abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia?
Mr. SUMNER. I would do that while they
were here, and propose it to their faces, and be
too happy in the opportunity.
Mr. HOWE. The suggestion which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts fias just let fall is a rep-
etition, as he says, of what he remarked the other
day.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not profess to say any-
thing new.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say for one that I do
not propose to vote for a measure in the absence
of the Senators who formerly occupied those seats,
which I would not vote for if they were there. If
every State of the Union was represented here to- !
day I should still vote for this proposition. Penn-
sylvania is represented here to-day and we voted
for a tax on coal and coal oil. All our cities are
represented to-day and we vote for a tax upon
gas. All the West is represented here to-day
and we vote for a tax on that which is madefrom
com. And I shall vote for this tax, and I shall
vote against reducing it from one cent to one half
cent, and my reason is this: I do not undertake
now to discuss whether this tax will fall upon the
producer or the consumer; but I say if it falls upon
the producer, it then falls upon the wealthiest and
the guiltiest class of people we know in the coun-
try, and if it falls on the consumer, then I say
only one fourth of it is paid by American con-
sumers, and three fourths is paid by foreigncon-
sumers; and so far as that one fourtn is concerned
which is paid by ourselves, for one being a con-
sumer I would as lief pay it on this as any other
article; we have got to pay it on something; we
must have the money.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says this tax amounts to eight per cent,
on the poor.
Mr. SUMNER. Upon the coarse fabrics used
by the poor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have already shown
that it is only four per cent. orwahe raw material.
Mr. SUMNER. Then there is three percent,
on the manufacturer.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is less than one and a
half per cent, on the manufacturer. Of course
the Senator means it is seven percent, on the poor
nigger who raises it. That is ail. In fact, it is
one cent a pound, which is not even one percent,
upon the poor nigger who raises, and it is less than
one and a half per cent, upon the fabric^roduced.
Of course, if the Senator votes not to impose this
tax of one per cent., it might imply that he is op-
posed to taxing negro labor, slavery; and that he
is in favor of slavery. [Laughter.] Heoffersa
premium to import negroes to raise cotton. It
amounts to less than one and a half per cent, on
the coarsest fabrics produced; butif hechoosesto
vote a premium to import negroes from Africa to
raise cotton, let him vote so, but after that let him
not pretend ever to be opposed to slavery.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will make one remark on
the subject of this tax. There is one mistake
made so often that I must protest against it, and
that is that this is a raw material. The article of
whisky manufactured in our section of country
is taxed over one hundred and twenty-five per
cent.; and I undertake to say that when ^100
worth of cotton is ready for market, there is as
much labor on it from the time it is produced
until it is sold as there is on $100 worth of whisky
made from corn. That fact can be demonstrated;
and I am tired of hearing that this is a raw ma-
terial. I say the labor, the cost of preparing the
cotton from the time it is picked in the field until
it is sold in the bale, is equivalent to the cost there
is on the article of corn from the time it is raised
until it is made into whisky. It is not true then
that it is raw material in that sense. And when
the Senator from Massachusetts talks about the
poor paying the tax on cotton, he should have
thought of that when he voted a few minutes ago
against putting a tax on wine that is not consumed
by the poor.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not vote for the tax on
domestic wines.
Mr. WRIGHT. I know, and I say the Sen-
ator was wrong in not voting for it I should like
to get this tax very much, and if I cannot get a
cent I will take half a cent a pound.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 14,
nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Dixon, Fesseudeu,
Foot, Games, Latham, MeDougall, Morrill, Simmons,
Stark, Sumner, Will^y, and Wilson of Massachusetts—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, CaiUte, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis, Doohttle, Foster, Hale, Hailan, Hauis, Howard,
Ilowe, Kina, Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice,
Sherman, Ten Fyok, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wil-
mot, and Wright—24.
So the amendment of Mr. Grimes was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question now recurs,
I believe, upon the tax of one cent a pound on
cotton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on striking out the section,
as recommended by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that I wish to say a few
words.
Mr. POWELL. Would my vote, if changed
on the last list of yeas and nays, alter the result?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not, -
Mr. POWELL. I ask leave, then, to rote in
the affirmative. I voted in the negative under &
misapprehension of the question. I understood
that I was voting on a motion to adjourn. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's vote
may be changed, if no objection be made; bat not
otherwise.
Mr. CLARK. I object. *
Mr. POWELL. Very well; the statement I
have made will explain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find, on looking at the
statistics of cotton, that we produced in this coun-
try, during the year 1860,3,656,086 bales, of which
we exported 2,812,346 bales, or 1,767,686,338
pounds, so that a duty of one cent a pound on
what we exported in 1860 would have yielded us
$17,67*6,863, and a duty on that consumed at home
would have yielded us between four and five mil-
lions, making altogether between twenty-two and
twenty-three millions of dollars. Now, it is plain
that if the tax of one cent a pound is levied, and
we are able to collect the tax—we must assume
these facts—it will yield us probably from twenty
to twenty-five millions a year upon the present
growth of cotton in the southern States. Between
three fourths and four fifths of the cotton is ex-
ported, and, consequently, from three fourths to
four fifths of that amount will be paid abroad.
It is manifest that the only interest here opposed
to this tax now is the manufacturing interest.
The planting interest is not represented, but that
would undoubtedly be opposed to it if it was
represented here.
Now, shall we, merely to save the payment oi
one cent a pound on the amount of cotton con-
sumed here, refuse to avail ourselves of the large
amount of revenue we may derive from this arti-
cle, an article of which we have the monopoly of
the world,in which no country can compete with
us, because I believe as was remarked by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] the
cotton oflndiaandothercotton countries does not
compete with ours, and the price of India cotton has
not risen, although ours has risen vastly. There
is no connection between the two fabrics; they are
used for different articles of manufacture. There-
fore I say that by levying a tax of one cent a
pound on the production of cotton, we get from
foreign countries between three fourths and four
fifths of the total amount of this tax. The balance
of it will be paid in the first instance by the man-
ufacturers of the country, but then it will be dis-
tributed all over the country. As I said before, I
think that all these taxes are paid eventually by
the consumers. I admit that as a sound prop-
osition in political economy. I have no doubt the
housewife of the West who purchases this arti-
cle will pay the tax eventually to the manufacturer
of New England, though not perhaps in the first
year; and the addition to the cost of the cloth will
be so small and trifling as to be scarcely worth
talking about. The amount of cotton consumed
in a single family is so little that the tax would be
imperceptible even if the consumer paid every
portion of it with a fair rate of interest and profit,
and I do not know a single article in the whole list
on which a tax can be levied with so little damage
to anybody.
In regard to the difficulty which has been sug-
gested with reference to the drawback, there is no
difficulty in that question if we levy this tax upon
all that is exported and all that is used here. Then
we leave the manufacturers in®JVIanchester pre-
cisely on a footing with the manufacturers of our
own country, and iffurther protection is necessary,
it can easily be extended by an increased tariff on
the product,and that will be done by the tariff bill
that is now being framed. Indeed, I am told—
the Senator from Rhode Island said he saw the
bill, arid he can tell me whether or not I am cor-
rect that the rate of duty on manufactured articles
imported into this country is a little higher than
the tax imposed by this bill on manufactures,
so that the protection is a little greater than the
tax we impose on the manufacture.
Mr. SIMMONS. As the Senator refers to me,
I will say that I have never seen that part of the
tariff bill which relates to the manufactures that
we tax in this bill. I have seen that part which
relates to the free list and to articles that do not
come in competition with our industry.
