46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
3*7™ Con<j....2d Sess. Treasury Notes—Legal Tender—The Currency—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
erally as currency; and you thus drive gold and
silver into vaults and hiding places, or under
ground, and bank paper out of existence. What,
then, can you, will you receive, except these self-
same notes again into your Treasury ? And if so,
what but Treasury notes will you have to pay
out? Sir, your bill is a delusion and a snare.
These are not demand notes. They are not to be
payable to bearer, nor to any one else, at any time,
nor at any place. They are not to be " paid" at
all. They are to be funded or converted into six
percent, stocks, redeemable in twenty years. Sir,
the public credit cannot be maintained by a pub-
lic lie. Your notes are not money; they will not
circulate as currency, they will not be taken as a
legal tender, and in discharge of judgments and
contracts and State debts, or private debts, though
you should send them forth bearing ten times the
image and superscription—the fair face and form
of Abraham Lincoln, now President and Caesar
of the American Republic.
Sir, I propose to abandon this false pretense,
and to change the form of the note itself. AGov-
ernmentnote, payable on demand or at the pleasure
of the Government, to bearer, in gold and silver,
is necessarily and inevitably a delusion and an
absurdity. If the Government has gold and silver
wherewith to pay, it need issue no Treasury notes.
The necessity and the justification for their issue
cannot exist till the Government is without gold
and silver or its equivalent, obtained either by
taxation or upon formal loan. A#d whenever it
issues notes it confesses that it relies for the time,
not upon funds 111 hand, but 011 credit because of
funds to be had at a future day. And when the
note is payable at a future day certain, there is
no fraud and 110 deception. Not so when it pur-
ports to be payable 011 demand, or at no fixed time
at all,and certainly not when payableat the pleas-
ure of the debtor, the United States. Recall, then,
as I propose, your outstanding demand notes, and
conform those which you authorize now by this
bill to what they really are, and do not send them
forth seeking credit or to be forced upon the peo-
ple by the strong arm, and yet branded with false-
hood upon their face.
Instead of this compound of delusion and force,
I propose a form of Treasury note depending
solely for its value and circulation upon the con-
sentof the creditor or holder and the solvency and
crcdit of the Government. And ns without tax-
ation there can be 110 credit, it is founded wholly
upon the basis of a not far from equal, and at all
times certainly an adequate, taxation. It pro-
ceeds upon the assumption—first, that the Gov-
ernment is indebted in the amount proposed, and
must provide for its creditors, in payment, that
which is equivalent to currency or cash; and,
secondly, upon the right of property which the
Government has 111 so much of the wealth of the
count! y as is necessary to carry on its legitimate
and constitutional operations,and to maintain its
credit. Upon these two corncr-stones it rests.
The Government is to issue 111 payment of its
debts due to others that which it is to receive in
satisfaction of the debts due from others to itself.
It is to tax the people to the extent of a hundred
or a hundred and fifty millions of dollars to main-
tain its good faith and its integrity everyway;
and it is to furnish the people with the medium,
not the means, of payment. If this scheme fail,
if these notes have 110 crcdit and do not circulate
as substitutes for so much money, always good
in satisfaction of so much debt due by the people
to their Government, it will be cither because
there is no sufficient taxation laid, or if laid, not
collected, or because of direct and successful re-
pudiation. And if any of these, then the Gov-
ernment cannot be maintained any longer, and is
not worth pieseiving.
But we need apprehend none of these results, I
trust. The country is full of wealth and resources;
it is able, and, for the purpose, of maintaining the
honor and credit of the Government, which are
the credit and honor of every citizen in it, willing,
I doubt not, to pay any amount of taxation which
may be demanded. We have full constitutional
power to tax. Here is a coercion which I reco^
nize and approve. True, as Mr. Burke said, it
is no more possible to tax and to please, than to
love and to be wise. But is it not wonderful that
gentlemen who are so fearful of their popularity
that they will not resort to the constitutional co-
ercion of taxation, are yet willing and eager to
force upon the people instead of taxes, the uncon-
stitutional, despotic, and most disastrous coercion
of a paper currency to be received in satisfaction
of every debt, and to enter into, and derange every
contract, and taint and degrade every commercial
and every business transaction of every kind, un-
der penalty of forfeiture or confiscation of the debt ?
Coerce taxes, sir, and you secure a firm credit,
and a full and, what is better, a free and voluntary
circulation of your Government paper, interming-
ling naturally with the whole circle of the financial
and commercial concerns of the States and of the
people, without the violence, derangement, and
convulsion of a forced and odious and abhorred
paper currency. If you are afraid of the people,
be afraid to do wrong, not to do right.
Sir, instead of force, the substitute proposes to
rely for the credit and circulation of these Treas-
ury notes—Treasury certificates they really are,
but I prefer the long-established and accepted
name—first, upon their convertibility at the will
of the holder into six per cent, stock; and as
they bear no interest at all, the holders will natu-
rally seek to fund them whenever United States
stocks shall have been restored to their par value.
And this will happen whenever, and not before,
its solid revenue shall have been made sufficient
for its ordinary expenses, and the punctual and
certain payment of the interest on the public debt,
present and prospective, and the collection of that
revenue made absolutely sure. Whenever doubt
upon that question is removed, your stocks will go
up to par, and will remain there or above it. Why
does not this bill, instead of force, rely upon credit
obtained by the right to fund these notes bearing
no interest, in bonds with interest at six per cent.?
Because your stocks arc already at ninety cents
on the dollar, and of course no capitalist will in-
vest par notes in bonds ten cents below par. And
why are your stocks thus depreciated? Because
there is a doubt whether the interest will be paid
punctually and surely at maturity. And, pardon
me, sir, you never can remove that doubt by legis-
lation or force, but only by revenue.
Sir, I have not referred to-day to a sinking fund
as ail object of immediate importance; because if
revenue enough can be secured just now to pay
the very large interest on the public debt, we shall
have done well enough at present, without attempt-
ing to find ways and means to discharge it, till the
enormous drain of millions a day shall in some
way or other have been arrested. Sufficient
unto the day will that evil be. I concur, indeed,
thoroughly in the principle which affirms that no
debt ought to be created without at the same time
providing means wherewith to pay it finally. But
that principle should have been remembered be-
fore, 01* at least at the time when, the prodigious
expenditures of the Government were commenced;
and it is impossible to act upon it just now, when
there is scarce a dollar to be had for the most press-
ing wants of the Treasury. Let us seize the
earliest moment for it when it shall have become
practicable,and meantime be content to find means
for the current and most essential expenses of the
Government.
But, Mr. Chairman, the fundamental idea of
this substitute is to support and float these
$150,000,000, by a nearly equal amount of taxa-
tion and revenue, payable of course ill these notes.
The Government owes the people and the people
owe the Government,each §150,000,000, and these
notes are primarily to be used as a common me-
dium of payment between them. Unquestionably
so long as this relation of mutual debts and credits
subsists in nearly the same proportion, these notes
will float in general circulation and in payments,
or exchanges, or other commercial and business
transactions between citizen and citizen, even
without the funding clause; but this clause is es-
sential inasmuch as the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment very greatly exceed the §150,000,000,
and because the debt present and future is un-
happily to lastfor many years to come. But these
notes will have this advantage over bank paper,
that they are receivable at par with gold and silver
in payment of Government dues, while it is not.
The refusal, therefore, of the banks to receive and
circulate them will avail nothing to depreciate their
value .since their creditand circulation will depend,
not on bank favor, but on taxes of a nearly equal
amount which must be paid at all events, and
may be paid in these same notes. They will thus
be beyond the reach of bull, bear, or banker.
Will they circulate as money, and answer its
purposes as well to the creditors as the debtors
of the Government, sustained as they are by all
these elements of credit? Sir, I do not depend
solely on theory and deduction upon this point.
We are not without examples at home and abroad.
North Carolina, after the Revolution, and previous
to the adoption of the present Constitution, issued
between four and five hundred thousand dollars,
of paper, receivable in payment of her public dues.
She declared it also a legal tender, but her ratifi-
cation of the Constitution in November, 1789, of
course abrogated that provision; and yet, sup-
ported by taxation sufficient to pay her debts and
carry on her State government, this immense
amount of paper money remained in circulation
for more than twenty years at par with gold and
silver during the whole time, although her revenue
was less than one fourth of the whole amount of
this currency. In like manner Russia, as late as
1827, had a fixed paper circulation of upwards of
one hundred and twenty millions of dollars,in the
form of bank bills, but having nothing to sustain
it, except that it was receivable in payment of her
public dues; and yet it continued for years at par,
although her revenue did not exceed $90,000,000
annually. And in 1838 Mr. Clay declared that
if the Government used only gold and silver, and
its own credit, it could even with the then small
revenue of some §30,000,000 keep $40,000,000 of
Treasury drafts in circulation at par all over the
Union, though they should bear not a cent of inter-
est, and not be fundable at last in interest-bearing
stocks; and I do not now doubt that one third,
possibly one half more of these Treasury notes,
than of any given amount of fixed, undoubted, and
punctually paid revenue, could be floated at par
to-day.
I do not propose, Mr. Chairman, or pretend
that these Treasury notes are to be convertible
into gold and silver. They are not payable on
demand; they are not payable to bearer, nor pay-
able at all. They are not to be paid, but to circu-
late as a currency receivable in Government dues,
and finally to be funded ill twenty years' stocks.
They are not promises to pay, and therefore are
not paper money. They do not represent gold
and silver, of which the Government has none;
and if it had wherewith to pay notes on demand,
it would bo under no necessity and have no justi-
fication for issuing or circulating these notes at
all. They represent only Government dues, and
their value rests on the crcdit of the Government
—on its right and power to collect such an amount
of taxes as may be needed to sustain that credit.
The United States are to cease in part for a time
to be a specie-paying, hard-money Government.
I deplore it profoundly. But imperious necessity
demands it. There is no alternative, no matter
what evils may follow. It is the best possible
that can be done under the circumstances; and that
is the only apology for suspending, even to that
extent, the Independent Treasury, as wise and
beneficent a measure as ever was devised. And
yet it is one thing for the Government to receive
and pay out its own paper or notes in its own busi-
ness, and quite another to receive and pay out the
paper bills or promises of a bank as cash; and
as to this last, the Independent Treasury system
remains unchanged.
But I utterly deny, sir, the right of the Federal
Government to provide a paper cuirency intended
primarily to circulate as money, and meet the de-
mands of business and commercial transactions,
and to the exclusion of all other paper. It is not
the intent or object of the substitute to furnish
such a currency for the country. Its purpose is
to provide a new but temporary medium, receiv-
able for the public dues, and sufficient only to
meet the increased fiscal action of the Government.
It is not to supersede either gold and silver or bank
paper in ordinary business and commercial affairs.
The tendency of all paper, indeed, is to expel
specie from circulation; and it always will, to a
greater or less extent, where it is a mere substitute
for it, and the more so just in proportion as there is
a want of confidence in it. But this bill proposes
a paper in addition to the present currency of the
