1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2527
subject to the Committee on Territories, we are
willing that it shall take the same reference in this
House.
Mr. Cox's motion was disagreed to.
The papers were then referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MISSOURI.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 281, supplemental to an act grant-
ing the right of way to the State of Missouri, and
a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
stiuction of certain railroads in said State, and to
act on them at this time. The amendments are
immatetial, and ate only formal in their character.
It is the bill which was reported the other day by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter,]
the chairman of the committee on Public Lands.
There was no objection*, and the amendments
of the Senate were taken up, and concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In order that the
amendments of the Senate may be enrolled, I move
to reconsider the vote by which they were con-
curred in; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIAVTl AND LUiJBKIA.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order to
be Senate bill No. 184, to authorize the President
of the United States to appoint diplomatic repre-
sentatives to the republics of Hayti and Liberia
respectively, on which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. TCelley] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, when I obtained
the floor yesterday, at the conclusion of my col-
league's [Mr. Biddle] remarks, I was about to
observe that the ft lends of the Administration are
frequently charged with obtruding what is called
the negro question upon the House and country,
and that it seemed to be a fitting occasion to indi-
cate to his and my constituents how, pertinently
or impertinently, thatquesuon docs sometimes got
before us. The bill under special consideration is a
bill to establish proper international relations be-
tween the United States and two great and rapidly-
growing republics. It might be entitled a bill to in-
crease our foreign commerce and protect itagainst
discriminating regulations, duties, and taxes; or a
bill to procure for our factories and workshops
cheap and adequate supplies of raw materials from
tropical countries, and to secure for our farmers,
workinirmeii, and other citizens, sugar, coffee, and
all other tiopical commodities at first cost, direct
from the country of their production, in American
vessels, and at prices net enhanced by the profits
of the English merchant, and duties paid into the
exchequer of an envious and powerful commercial
rival.
The bill comes to us from the Senate, having
the sanction of that bod y, and the recommendation
of the President, expressed in his annual message.
Tlie distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] in presenting his argument in its
support, let no sentence fall ftom which his au-
ditors could tell whether the people of these re-
publics were of the Caucasian, the Basque, the
Indian, or African race. It was an international
question, and he discussed it as such. His re-
marks were free from reference to the origin of the
people of the republics to which they had reference,
or to the people otherwise than in their commer-
cial and national character. Tiie gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Gooch] who called up the
bill yesterday, and spoke in favor of its passage,
treated it as closely as possible in like mannci.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] and my
colleague [Mr. Bidple] failed to follow these ad-
mirable examples, but spoke two whole hours,
not in controverting the wisdom or justice of the
bill, but in showing—to borrow an elegant phrase,
the paternity of which, I think, belongs to their
side of tlie House—that there was "a nigger in
the wood-pile." We, who know so well the purity
of the patriotism of these gentlemen, and the ele-
vation of their tone and character, cannot suspect
them of such a motive; but 1 fcai that strangers
who may have chanced to hear them, may have
fallen into the unjust suspicion that they perverted
the occasion to party purposes, by attempting to
excite the prejudices of tiie vulgar and ignorant
against the Administration and us friends, by de-
riding, scotHng at, and ridiculing the people or
these republics, and exhausting their witand sar-
casm upon that portion of God's American family
which our unjust and unchristian laws have
doomed to poverty and ignorance.
The uninformed may, I repeat, misconceive the
object of the gentlemen in assailing the bill as they
have done; in asserting that all that its friends
desire to accomplish by its passage is to give dig-
nity to black republics; and thnt its sole object is
to promote and produce negro equality at the ex-
pense of the white man, by bringing a black minis-
ter or two to reside near our Government; and they
may possibljTsuspect them of a desire to inflame
the ignorant and prejudiced against the Adminis-
tration, its friends, and policy, increase the irrita-
tion of the border States, and if possible add to the
intensity of the hatred of the rebels in arms. But
be this as it may, they are responsible for having
thrust the irritating question into the discussion of
this bill, so free from any connection therewith.
Sir, there was a time when for the learned and
powerful to serve as eyes to the blind and feet to
the lame was to deserve and secure the commend-
ation of all good men. There are still some States
in which such is the case; but within their juris-
diction, they who fashioned and decreed the plat-
forms of the last Charleston and Baltimore con-
ventions reversed ail that. Such conduct is in their
judgment Quixotic, and indicates the taint of un-
constitutional humanity.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] acting
under the new code, indulged himself in parading
before the House the squalor and ignorance of the
recently escaped slaves around us as a fair por-
traiture of the condition of the negro race. He
drew a melancholy picture. But how he enjoyed
it, and with what evident satisfaction he added each
somber tint. Tlie gusto with which he completed
the woikgave some indication of how jolly he
would be, could he join a ling in derisive dance
around some ulcerous Lazarus or blind Samson
fallen by the way side. And, then, his other pic-
ture of the negro official m shoe-buckles, knee
breeches, gold lace, and bag wig. It was so funny !
True I did not hear the roars of laughter that
should have followed it; but ] am quite sure that
if there was any such person as the elder Mr.
WeJler in the galleries, the effort to suppress his
laughter must have brought him well nigh to
apoplexy.
My colleague, less mirthful, more grave and
philosophical, gave us his statement of the causes
of the lebelhon; and his constituents and mine,
who live upon opposite sides of the street, will be
a little surprised to discover that the South had
no hand at all in bringing about the present rebel-
lion. I read in the Intelligencer this morning, for
the Globe docs not furnish me with the remarks
of either of the gentlemen, my colleague's enumer-
ation of the causes of the lebelhon, and 1 cannot
find there that any southern man was guilty of
favoring or doing anything to produce this grand-
est of all crimes. 1 think his constituents and
mine, as they talk to each other across the street
that divides our distiicts, will be a litfle surprised
to discover that it was not the southern States that
determined to destroy the Union and attempted to
secede, that it was not southern men who fired
upon the national flag, and that it was not southern
men who seized the arms and power of the coun-
try, binding by oath to peace such of our soldiers as
they could seize and did not massacre. • Our con-
stituents are not under the impression that the rebel-
lion was necessary or was intended to resist north-
ern aggression, for no aggtession upon the South
was attempted or intended by the people of the
North. They believe that the peopleof the North,
to whom freedom and the right of the laborer to
wages are endeared by immemorial usage,resisted
wisely and well the unholy attempt, as I have be-
fore said, to make slavery the law of our broad
Temtones and to domesticate the institution m
all the States, and especially around FaneuilHall
and Bunker Hill, by enigmatical legislation and
judicial chicanery, and that the rebellion is but
the pu detei mined consequence of the defeat ofthe
wicked conspiracy to bring about these unconsti-
tutional, inhuman, and barbarous results.
Summing up the results of our legislation, he
accomplishes the work by a single exclamation.
Says he, yes, we have achieved freedom for the
twenty-nine slaves in Utah, and for the twenty-
four slaves m New Mexico, and for the cooks
and chambermaids in this District."
Great God ! is the vision of my colleague so
contracted that he can- see no other results than
those flowing from our legislation? Have we
not dedicated to freedom all the broad Territories
of our country? Have we not settled, ay, settled
forever, that question which has kept the nation
boiling with agitation for the last thirty "years?
Throughout countless generations, the millions
of men who will people those immense Territories;
and who will not probably even hear our hum-
ble names, will bless this Congress and Abraham
Lincoln for the great work already done by it and
his Administration. Yes, we have freed the cooks
and chambermaids in this District, and my col-
league might have spoken of even humbler occu-
pations in which some of the poor creatures were
engaged. They were chattels all, but are men and
women, and may now, through our agency,under
God's guidance, without fear of the slave-dealer
or woman-whipper, rear their children abouttheir
knees, and teach them to honor their father and
mother, in the hope that their days may be long
in the land which the Lord their God, through us,
His instruments,has given them.
Thus much we have done. I will not tell my
colleague what we have not done, but which those
who have a right to be heard think we ought to
do. I will, however, leave a Democratic leader
of Philadelphia say a few words to him on that
subject. I will take the liberty of reading to him
and the House a letter I received yesterday from
the camp before Chickahominy. Whether the
writer of that letter is now at the head of his gal-
lant regiment, or whether he died in the conflict
of Saturday and Sunday, I know not. I hope he
yet lives; but if he was among the victims of that
terrible conflict, those who mourn him will see that
his last testimony was honorable, patriotic, and
humane. The letter is from one who has shared the
honors of many apolitical field with my colleague,
laboring with him on the stump, and marching
shoulder to shoulder with him in many a hotly-con-
tested political campaign. He is a tried and gallant
soldier, who, having served three months and been
honorably mustered out of service, organized and
led to the field under the lamented Baker another
regiment; a native of the same beautiful island,
and a worshiper at the same ancient altar with
him who still pines in a southern jail because ho
led the New York sixty-ninth so gallantly at Bull
Run. This regiment is the sixty-ninth Pennsyl-
vania, and was so numbered because the gallantry
of his countrymen from New York had endeared
the number to him and his men. In October last,
at our State election, his regiment under his lead
voted unanimously for my colleague's coadjutors
in the Democratic party of Philadelphia and Penn-
sylvania. But enough of preface: let the gallant
soldierand life-long Democrat, Colonel Joshua.T
Owens, speak for himself, and tell my colleague
and us what we have not done, which he thinks
wc ought to do:
Camp near this Chickahominy,
Virgim May 2«>, 1862.
My Dear Judge: * * * * Yve, whoaie
in tlie field, are oiien disheartened by the ill-advised and
tiaitorous speeches of more politicians in Congress. For
God's siikelasli them when you have tlie oppoituruty, The
man who, at this momentous cri-is of the countiy, con-
descend- to piostitute his official position lo the making of
capital for future paity use, is a tiaitor oi a fool.
jjyt Mr. pas5?, as I have, through most of Virginia,
and listen to those even who style themselves Union men,
and oven ho would be disgusted with the deep-seated coe-
mptions of these deluded people. There are no patriots in
Vngmia, and there have been none since Bull Run was
lo--t. The Union men, ^o-called, aie neutrals only; and
even that only while the Federal Aimy is in their neighbor-
hood. They are deceitful, blood tliiisty, and boastful, and
then conduct, in shooting down our pickets, and in>u!iuig
oui troops wiieiever we have marched, charging u> lour
prices for everything we buy ot them, and even then s-eii-
ni" to us wfth condescension, has so milled a spirit oi ha-
tted into oui men and officer, that to suggest the eonclu-
«ion of a dtshouoiabie peace, or a compiouii&c, would be
disastrous to the discipline ot the uoop*. I am not at alt
pleased with a nuhtaiy hie, and would, of ail thing-, like
to go back home ; but [ «ny frankly, that before T would
have these scoundiels e-eape fioni the punishment justly
due them/f would remain m the Army and light on with-
out the hope of promouon until 1 was giay and  oad\ to
step into an honoiabie giave.
They mu-t be made to sue for peace and Say down their
ann*. The.u ieadeis mu-t be given up to the haltet. and liio
system whieh has eau^d tiu<? w\u must he iripct out. Aj to
the mode of doing that, Frank Klair's gieat ypeech in-
dicates the mon saie couise to puisne, i think. Gicu!ual
emancipation, coupled with colonization, rav.-.t be the
ciy ofthe future, in the mean tunc, cupple the ^-lavo power •
by excluding from all offices of or under the Government
any man who has reived in an> capacity in the rebel at my.
Much or little as we may have done, this letter
