THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Se-vlnth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1862.
New Series.....No. 35.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not claim the right to cate-
chise the gentleman, and put him upon an exam-
ination of his record. I told him that he knew
his record better than I did, and I left it to him to
refer to his record or not. When the gentleman
was availing himself of an opportunity which I
gave to him to make a personal explanation, he
commenced an attack upon me, and I told him
that, if it was his purpose to carry the war into
Africa, he would find me ready to defend myself.
I meant that, as he had chosen to make the war
in that form, I would defend myself in that form.
I did not make any threat or menace against the
gentleman at all. I intended it in the sense in
which the gentleman himself stated it—in which
he commenced the war upon me. If the gentle-
man needs any further explanation, he can get it.
I made no menace.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no explanation to make.
I am not a man of war, sir; I am a man of peace,
and desire peace.
Mr. DAVIS. So am I. Well, Mr. President,
I will proceed now with this explanation. Here
is the language of the gentleman in his letter of
7th September:
" 1 have opposed, and so long as my present convictions
last shall continue to oppose, the entire coeicive policy ot
the Government."
Is not that position broad? Did not the gen-
tleman at least in his vote, or in his refusal to
vote, the other day, act up to that position ? Has
he not here declared himself in the most distinct
terms against coercion ? The gentleman says, as
many gentlemen say to us that are against coer-
cion, " I am against secession;" but how is se-
cession to be put down except by coercion ? When
there are a hostile government and hostile armies
trying to disrupt the Union and to revolutionize
the Government at the point of the sword, how
can the gentleman discharge his duty to the Gov-
ernment and the Constitution of the United States
except by voting men and measures to support
that Constitution and that Government?
The gentleman, in his first remarks to this body,
read from a speech that he made at the last session
of Congress, and if I recollect a passage m that
speech, he distinctly reasserted then Ins opposi-
tion to the principle of coercion. But here is his
letter addressed to Mr. Fitch on the 7th of Sep-
tember last, after the coeicive policy of the Gov-
ernment had been fully inaugurated, and after the
legislative power of the United States had passed
its measures to subdue the rebellion. These meas-
ures were known as the system of coercion adopted
by the Government to put down the rebellion; and
after those measures had been fully voted by the
Congress of the United States, and were in course
ofexecutionby the President, the gentleman wiites
this letter to Mr. Fitch, in which he avows his
utter opposition to coercion:
" 1 have opposed, and so long as my present convictions
last shall continue to oppose, the entire coeicivc policy of
the Government. I hope this may he sathdactoiy to my
friends. For my enemies I care not."
The gentleman in his speech the other day stated
distinctly that he had formed his opinions after
mature reflection, that he had formed them many
years ago, that he still adhered to them, and that
it was just as possible for the Ethiopian to change
his skm as it was for him to change his opinions.
Now, what is the position that I have attempted
to assume all the time? I have conceded, and I now
concede, that a gentleman may maintain such
abstract opinions as he pleases; he may assert
those opinions in every place and in every form
that does not interfere with his official duty: but
whenever he asserts those opinions, or fails in a
particular line of official duty in consequence of
his opinions, so as to prevent him from doing his
duty to the Government and m support ot the Con-
stitution, the gentleman then becomes amenable
to be pioceeded against upon a resolution for ex-
pulsion.
At the close of his remarks the gentleman re-
furred to me very significantly, saying: " I know
you." I ask the gentleman what he meant by
that. Did the gentleman mean a menace against
3o
me in that exclamation? Did the gentleman mean
a threat against me in that exclamation? I pause
for a reply.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I am not con-
scious of having threatened the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Very good. That is sufficient.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish to be understood
as threatening him. There is no reason why I
should.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman has answered my
question.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no idea, from what I
know of him, that he would be deterred from doing
his duty by a threat. If he thinks 1 can be, he
may make the experiment.
Mr. DAVIS. I am hero on peaceful relations
with the gentleman, and every member of the
Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. So am I, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. And I wish to occupy no other
relations. I wish to make no threat against him
orany other member. All I wanted to know was
whether the gentlemen intended a menace for me.
He has avowed that he did not, and that is satis-
factory to me.
Now, Mr. President, a few more words and I
have done. I say this is the law of Parliament;
and as it is the law it ought to be enforced: when-
ever a gentleman by his opinions, and those opin-
ions are connected with his official conduct, shows
that he is an improper person to be in the Senate
of the United States, he ought to be expelled from
it. I say, taking the gentleman's two letters to-
gether, and his vote the other day against the
^>150,000,000 bill, they of themselves are sufficient
to authoiizc me to vote against him, or any other
member of the Senate who gives such votes.
I beg your pardon, sir, and I beg the pardon of
the Senate for having entered into so long an ex-
planation as this. I trust that I shall not have
occasion to say anything more upon this subject;
but if I shall have, I will say it.
; EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 29, 1802.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yestei day was read and approved.
DISBURSEMENTS IN TIIE STATE DEPAUTMEXT.
The SPEAKER, laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a statement of the disbursements of the con-
tingent fund, balances of appropriations on hand,
&c., and precise analytical statements of the
moneys disbursed by the State Depaitment; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CLERICS, ETC., IN STATE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
statement from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a list of the clerks and other persons em- i
ployed by the State Department; which was laid '
upon the table, and ordered to be printed. j
ESTIMATES FOR TOST OFFICE DEPARTMENT, j
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a j
commu'iieation from the Post Office Department, j
tiansmitting an estimate for the service of the Post ;
Office Department for the fiscal year ending the .
30th of June, 1863; which wasrcfeired to the Com- j
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be i
printed. ]
EMPLOYES IN THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT. ;
The SPEAKER also laid before the Douse a *
communication from the Post Office Department, i
transmitting in compliance with law a list of the •
    11 « ' 1 '■ 1     
clerks, messengers, and other persons employed
in that Department during the year ending the
30th of June, 1861; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by"
Mr. Forney, its Secretary* notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill to authorize the
President of the United States, in certain cases,
to take possession of railroad and telegraph lines,
and for other purposes, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
EXECUTIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- '
ness is the consideration of the amendments of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to the executive, legislative, and judicial
appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that no objection will
be made to my making amendments in the House
to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and no amendment or debate is now in
order, unless by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The Clerk read the firstamendment, as follows:
Insert at the end of the firstclause of the bxii the follow-
ing: proviso:
Provided. That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued as in any niannei impahing the right to reduce the
compensation of any officei of the Government, or to abol-
ish any existing office.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to call attention to an
implied understanding, that I should have an op-
portunity this morning to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and all debate and amendment are out
of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I only want to make an ex-
planation.
Objection was made.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Aftci the words, For compensation and mileage of Sen-
ator, £240.130," insert the following :
Piovided, That the second mileage due by law shall be
paid at the present session upon the certificate of the Pre-
siding Officers of the Senate and Elou?e of Representatives :
Provided fuithei. That the foregoing proviso shall not be
cor^icieied to give any more mileage than is allowed by
existing law*.
Mi\ HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
On a diusion, there were—ayes 0, noes 42.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. A quorum is not necessary
to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Chair whether there
is a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. Ninety-live members are
present, which is a quorum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Stwko out "for Congressional Globe and binding the
same, ,^30,QUO," and in hen thereof insert:
For binding document? and purchase of blank-books,
$2,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Aftei the above insoit:
To pay John C. Rives for printing five hundred copies'of
the Diplomatic Corte^po'ideuce of the United States fiora
1776 to 17b3, for the State Depaitment, $15,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Suike u.zt s-^SO.OOD," and insert' §2,500;" &o that the
paragraph will i ead •
For binding document:*, including the Congressional
Globe.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Snikc out ^£17.11)5," and insert "$14,000;" so that the
paragiaph Will lead:
F<u twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix tor each Member and Delegate of the second reg-
