1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4 T
37th: Cong....2d Sess.
United, States Notes—Mr. Orisfield.
Ho. of Reps.
country, an addition made necessary by the im-
mensely increased disbursements, and by and by
of the revenues of the Government. Sir, the
whole amount of specie and bank paper actually in
circulation in the United States, on the 1st of May,
when this increase began, was about $400,000,000,
of which amount some $300,000,000 were in the
States still called loyal. Of the whole amount,
the Government employed in various ways
$87,000,000; leaving $313,000,000 for the ordinary
commcrcial and business transactions of the coun-
try; of which amount about $213,000,000 were
circulated in the loyal States. Meantime in nine
months, though one third of the States have se-
ceded, the expenditures and operations of theGov-
ernmenthave gone up in the remaining two-thirds,
from $87,000,000 to $600,000,000. To meet this
immensely increased fiscal action, we have but
$213,000,000 of currency, gold and silverand bank
paper, not including the "$50,000,000 of demand
notes now in circulation.
It is true, sir, that in the generally deranged
and embarrassed condition of the country, a large
part of the $213,000,000 has been withdrawn from
ordinary and private business and commerce, and
used in aid of the transactions of Government.
But with all this there remains some hundreds of
millions needed still. It cannot, indeed, be all
supplied in this way, because the limit to the
credit of the Government, by virtue of which it
can float Treasury notes, is not the amount of its
expenditures and indebtedness, but of its solid
revenues. There is, however, abundant room, as
I have just shown, for the circulation of these
notes, primarily, and therefore constitutionally,
as a medium between the Governmentand its tax-
payers and tax consumers; but, secondarily, as a
part of, and not a substitute for, the common cur-
rency of the country. And it is a consideration
of no small value to the Government, and bring-
ing no loss to the people,that as long as they cir-
culate there will be a large saving of interest,
equivalent in one year, at six per cent., to the
sum of $900,000; a considerable item, in ordinary
times at least.
And they have this further advantage also over
Treasury notes bearing interest and payable at a
future day, that the latter bear interest from the
day they are put out, but the former only from
the time they cease to circulate and are funded—
another large item in the way of economy. INTor
is there any danger, sir, that they will continue in
circulation after the necessity which compels and
justifies their issue shall have ceased. As soon as
the credit of the Government is restored, and its
bonds are at par or command a premium, and
when its enormous receipts and disbursements
shall have been diminished, not only will itbe the
interest of all capitalists to fund them, but espe-
cially of the banks to drive them into stocks and
thus out of circulation. That day, indeed, may
be far distant.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the substitute which I
have submitted. It differs essentially from the bill.
The one relies on force, the other upon credit; the
one looks to tlie direct and despotic coercion of
law and arms, the other to the indirect and ordi-
nary coercion of taxation; the bill would override
both the letter and the spirit of the Constitution;
the substitute follows and complies with both; the
former shocks every principle not only of justice
between the Government and the citizen, but of
sound political economy; the latter recognizes the
eternal and immutable rules of justice, and con-
forms itself strictly to the fixed and inexorable
laws of commerce and trade; and finally, the one
would providean unlimitrd, irredeemable, depre-
ciated paper money forced by fear of violence or
confiscation, upon the whole people; while the
other proposes only a voluntary, limited, and
temporary currency to circulate primarily be-
tween the creditors and the debtors of the Gov-
ernment. The difference is radical. It is the dif-
ference between the broad road and the narrow
way. The Secretary has chosen the former, and
death is at the end of it.
" Oh for tliat warning voice. which he, who saw
The Apocalypse,heaid cry m Heaven aloud!"
To my political friends let me now appeal for
support, not only of this substitute, but of the
taxation which must follow it as essential to the
maintenance of the good faith and credit of the
Government. Forego the little paltry advantage
which might be secured from opposition to the
taxes necessary for that purpose. Impair not the
estate in order to injure or annoy the tenant. But I
put it upon higher and nobler grounds. There
is not a member of this House, I take it for granted,
who does not desire and hope and look for an ul-
timate, if not a speedy restoration of the Union of
these States just as our fathers made it. If there
be one who aoes not, no matter on which side of
the House he sits, iie has no business here. I
have differed with the Administration as to the
means, and differ widely still, but never as to the
end; if, indeed, reunion, the old Union, be the end
and purpose for which they arc contending. But,
I repeat it, bankruptcy is disunion and dissolu-
tion in the worst form, and would instantly end
the war, the Government, and the Union forever.
Finally, sir, if the committee and the House
shall proceed upon the principles of justice and
sound political economy which have been hitherto
observed by every wise Government, and above all
by this Government from the beginning, in the
maintenance of its credit and good faith, I will
lend a ready and an earnest support to every meas-
ure framed in conformity with these principles,
and intended and calculated to build up and to
sustain the public credit and good faith. Other-
wise, 1 cannot and I will not vote to bring down
upon the wretched people of this once happy and
prosperous country, the triple ruin of a forced
currency, enormous taxation, and a.public debt
never to be extinguished.
The following is Mr. Vallandigham's substi-
tute for the bill:
That to meet the necessities of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted Slates, and to pi ovule a currency icecivable for tin; pub-
lic duos, the Sccietaiy of tin1 Tiorwiry, with the appioba-
tion of the Piesidentof the United State--, heieby author-
ized to ie.sue, on the laith of the United Stato^ Tica^uiy
notes in any amount not exceeding $100,000,000, not hear-
ing inteiest, tiarisfeiable by dehveiy, and of such denomi-
nations as he may deem expedient, notgicatei than $^000,
nor less than five dollars each • Provided, hotceccr, That
$50,000,000 of said notes shall be in lieu of the demand
Tieasiny notes authoiizod to be is?«ued by the act of July
17, 18G1; which said demand notes, so far as issued, shall
he taken up a  rapidly as practicable, and the notes herein
provided lor substituted lor them, and no moie of said de-
mand notes shall be i<sued or reissued after the passage of
this act: And provided further, That the amount of the two
kinds of notes together shall at no time exceed the sum of
§150,000,000; and the Tieasury notes herein authorized
shall be receivable in payment of all taxes, duties, imports,
excises, dehts, arid dein tints of every kind due to the Uni-
ted States, and may be paid out, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, by any disbursing officer of the
United States to any creditor of the United States who will
consent to receive the same, at the par value thereof, in dis-
charge of the debt or claim of such creditoi; and any holder
thereof depositing any sum not less than $100, or sonic mul-
tiple of one hundred, with the Treasuier of the United
States, or cither of the Assistant Treasurer", or either of the
designated depositaries at Cincinnati or Haiti more, shall re-
ceive in exchange therefor duplicate certificates ol deposit,
one of winch may be transmitted to the Secretary ot the
Tieasury, who shall thereupon issue to the holder an equal
amount of boruh of the United States, coupon or jegistered,
as may by said holder be de-iied, bcanng interest at the rate
of six per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, and
redeemable at the pleasure of the United States after twenty
years fiom the date thereof; and any holder of «,aid note1?,
being a citizen or subject and resident of any foreign coun-
try, depositing, as aforesaid, any sum therein not less than
$2,500, shall, if lie demand it, receive similar bonds at the
above-named rate of inteiest, payable semi-annually, the
piincipaland interest of which shall be expies^ed in the
currency of any foreign country, and payable theie. And
said United States Treasury notes shall be received the same
as coin, at their par value, m the sale or negotiation of any
bonds that may be heieatter sold or negotiated by the Soc-
let.iry of the Trea-ury, with the appiobation of the Pres-
ident ofthe United States, to any person bomg acitizen and
residentof the United State*, and may be reissued from time
to time, as the exigencies of the public interests shall re-
quire: Provided, however, 7'hat this light to iei suc shall
not continue longer than two years from the passase of this
act, unless Con^ie>s shall hereafter otherwise provide.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, Thar the form of said
Treasury notes shall be as lollovvs: "The United States
will leceive tins Treasury note in paymentot all taxes, du-
ties, imposts, excises, debts, and demands of every kind due
to the United States, to the value of five dollars," or what-
ever sum or denomination may be expressed thereon, as
hereinbefore provided tor.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to fund the floating debt ofthe United
State«, he is hercbv authored, with the approbation of the
President ofthe United States, to issue on the credit ofthe
United States, coupon bonds, or registered bonds, to an
amount not exceeding $200,000,000,redeemable at the pleas-
ure of the United States after twenty years from date, and
bearing interest at the rate of six percent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually. And said bonds .shall be of such denom-
inations, not less than fifty dollars, as the Secretary ofthe
Treasury,with the approbation ofthe President of the United
States, may determine upon; or where any creditor of the
floating debt ot the United States, in any sum of not less than
$~,500, being a citizen or subject and resident of any foreign
country shall demand it, said bonds shall be issued to such
creditor, the principal and interest theiein being expressed
in the currency of any foreign countiv, and payable there:
Provided, however, That none of satd'botids shall issue ex-
cept at their par value; and to such creditors of the floating
debt of the United States as shall elect to receive them in
satisfaction of their demands: Provided further^ also, That
the claims and demands of such creditors shall, mall eases,
have been first audited and settled by the proper accounting
officers ofthe Treasury.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the United States
notes and bonds authorized by this act. or that have been
heretofore authorized, shall be signed by the Treasurer of
the United States, or for the Treasurer by such persons as
may be specially appointed by the Secretary ofthe Treasury
for such purpose, and shall be countersigned by the Register
ofthe Treasury, or for the Register by such pcisons as the
Secretary of the Treasury may specially appoint lor such
purpose; and all the piovisions of the act entitled "An act
to authorize the issue of Treasury notes," approved the 23d
day of December, 1857, so far as they can be applied to this
act, and not inconsistent therewith, are hereby revived and
reenaeted; and the sum of $300,000 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to carry tiiis
act into effect.
UNITED STATES NOTES.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. CBISFIELD,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 5, 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the bill
providing for the issue of United States notes-
Mr. CRISFIELD said:
Mr. Chairman: I move to amend the pending
bill by striking out from the first section the words
"and for all salaiies, debts, and demands owing
by the United States to individuals, corporations,
and associations within the United States; and
shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in
payment of all debts, public and private, within
the United States-," and inserting in the last clause
in lieu of these words " legal tender, in payment
of debts public and private," the words " receiv-
able for all debts and demands due the United
States."
Sir, it would have been prudent in me to avoid
throwing myself into this debate. I feel that it is
an act of temerity to enter into an arena already
occupied by the best talent of this House; and I
know that it is a still greater act of temerity in
one so recently a member of this body, so inex-
perienced in financial affairs, to attempt to discuss
so grave a question as that now submitted for the
consideration of this House. Sir, I would gladly
avoid this if I could; but I have the honor to rep-
resent a constituency patriotic, devoted to the
preservation of the Constitution and the mainten-
ance of the Union—a constituency vigilant and
observant of what is going on here; and they ex-
pect mc not merely to represent them in my vote,
but to enter upon the records of this House the
reasons for my action, in order that they may
judge them.
{approach the consideration of this subject free
from all party bias. I may almost say I have no
party. I was brought up in the old Whigschool,
and have learned its lessons so perfectly that I
cannot forget them; and I find it difficult to incor-
porate any new principles into my creed. I have
never ceased to lament the fall of that old party. I
have never quite forgiven those within Us bosom
who contributed to its dissolution; and I never
felt quite at home with those with whom, since
its demise, I have felt it to be my duty to act.
When these troubles began they found me stand-
ing alone; and here this day I know no party ex-
cept that broad, national, catholic party, which
includes the whole Union within its embrace,and
seeks peace on the basis of the Union and the
restoration of the Constitution as our fathers made
it and as our fathers understood it.
Sir, I did not contribute to bring this Adminis-
tration into power. I had known the President
in former years, and personally I liked him. I
knew him to be honest, I believed him to be brave,
