1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8.
peculiar circumstances, with a great war about us,
which has imposed upon our district attorneys in
different parts of thecountrynew dutiesfor which
there is no adequate provision under existing;
statutes, ft seems to me that this is the true and
simple view to take of it. This is the common
sense view, the practical view; and I hope there-
fore the Senate will pass the bill.
Mr. HALE. Things must have very sadly
changed since I knew something about this office
of district attorney. 1 think it is one that does
not require any special nursing on the part of
Congress. I had the honor once of holding the
office of district attorney of the United States in
the State of New Hampshire for seven years, and
I think it was the poorest paid office of any dis-
trict in the United States, because the business
was small, the fees were small, and the salary
was small. It never came up to $1,000 a year;
but with all that, according to the work done, it
was the best paid office in the Suite. About thai
time, the Solicitor of the Treasury issued a circu-
lar, calling upon all the district attorneys and
marshals of the United States to render an ac-
count of their fees, and they ranged from some-
thing below a thousand dollars up to over fifty
thousand dollars; and I think the district attor-
ney for the southern district of New York realized
in that year—1838—some $50,000 for fees. He
" was not satisfied with that; but he in his depart-
ment, and Swartwout, in the collectorship, stole
the rest, and cleared out.
Now, I want to say a word about this case in
Boston. Mr. Dana is one of the most eminent
lawyeis in Boston, one of the most eminent law-
yers in the country; but 1 do not think it is in-
cumbent on the Government, when a lawyer of
such high reputation and great attainments and
piuctiee as Mr. Dana, has seen fit to take an officc
of this sort, to make him a compensation equal to
that which he was receiving from hts very lucia-
tive practice before. I think the legislation of
Congress, so far as it has been aimed for the last
twenty years, has been to reduce the enormous
and extravagant compensation which the district
attorneys have received, as lor instance in the city
of New York, $50,000 a year, and 1 think, if you
will take the fee-bill of the officers about the Uni-
ted States courts, you will see that it is very far
ftom being small or insignificant. The fees are
large. I have nothing (o say about Mr. Dana. I
believe him to be as pure, honorable, and upright
a man as ever lived in the woild. 1 have, how-
ever, had occasion to know something about the
manner in whie.li the officers of the courts tax their
bills, and it will be a fair average to state that the
fee !>ill,&s established by law,isgenciaily doubled
and quadrupled until they get about two hundred
and fifty per cent, m addition to the legal fees.
That was my experience when X had occasion to
apply to the southern district of New York for
statements of the fees of the clerks. You may
depend upon it that of all classes in this country,
the officials connected with your judicial tribunals
will be ihe last to need the fostering and protect-
ing hand of this Government. I hope that befoie
Congress enter upon such a measure they will call,
as has been done befoie, for a return from these
officeis of the foes which they actually receive,
and I think Congiess will then see that there js
not the slightest necessity under Heaven for any
such legislation. If an act lias been passed for the
lelicf of the district attorney of the southern dis-
trict of New Yoi k, it must have gone through the
Senate without the obseivation of the members of
the body, and 1 think it ought histanter to be re-
pealed. You may depend upon it, Mi. Piesident,
that if you make the inquiry I have suggested,
you will luive a deaf ear foi any appeal to your
sympathy on behalf of these officers, on the ground
that they are not sufficiently compensated.
I can understand precisely the situation of Mr.
Dana, the district attorney ai Boston. No man
has a higher regard for him than 1 have. lie is a
peisonal and political ft lend of long standing. No
man in the Senate has a higher regard for his rep-
utation than 1 have; I would not do anything to
injure hnn. I know his reputation is such as to
give him more business than he can attend to,and
ot the very highest class, in Boston; he can com-
mand fees ot the highest character, and busings
of the utmost importance that is transacted in any
of their courts, Sutn or Federal. Hut, sir, it is
poor policy and bod economy to und^itake (he.
cause such a gentleman has taken this officc and
cannot realize from it as much as he could out of
it) to increase the compensation of the district at-
torneys generally.
Besides, there is great force in the suggestion
made by the Senator from Ohio in regard to giving
this matter to the office of the Attorney General. I
was upon the point to-day of introducing a reso-
lution instructing the Judiciary Committee to in-
quire into the expediency of abolishing that office
altogether. It ought to be abolished if it is to be
conducted in the way it has been for a number of
years past. The Attorney General occupies to
Congress very much the place that Christo, king of
Iiayti, did to the laws. He reserved to himself
the privilege of printing the laws of Hayti, and
he made a running comment upon them, and the
comment was just as different from the laws as it
was possible to have two sentences written to-
gether in opposition to one another. Here are
acts of Congiess passed, and the officer that is to
administer them does not know exactly how they
arc to be construed, and therefore he sends them
to tin* Attorney General. It would be the greatest
pif ce ofcross readings that ever fell underyour ob-
servation, sir, to read some of the acts and the opin-
ions of the Attorneys General construing them.
It has got so now that in ery many instances the
Attorney General isof vastly more consequence m
the interrelation and enactment of laws than both
Houses of Congiess. I need not go out of the
lecords of this very session to show you an act
that we have passed upon which the Attorney Gen-
eial has given an opinion, where if there be any
meaning in common sense, the act means one
thing and the opinion means quite another.
Mr. CHANDLER. What act was it?
Mr. HALE, it is not worth while to give you
the act; is it? I can give it; and I will, as the Sen-
ator has called on me. We have passed an act
retiring ceitam officers, and the letuing act gives
them the pay of the rank that they held when they
were retired. The Attorney Geneial has given an
opinion—he told me with his own mouth that he
had done it—that, under that act, if an officer who
was a major, for instance, was retired, but who
was entitled, in the ordinary course of things, to
promotion, so that in a few days he would be nom-
inated to a lieutenant colonelcy, he was entitled
to the pay of the giadc next above him, and not
the pay of the grade held by lum at the time he
was retired.
Mr. HOWE. Who made that decision?
Mr. HALE. The Attorney General; he told
me himself that he had given that opinion. But,
sir, let the .Attorney General be as wise and as
good a man as need be in the world—and I do not
mean to say a word impeaching the wisdom or
goodness of Mr. Bates; 1 believe him to be a very
iespectable gentleman, indeed—it is unsafe and
unwise to devolve on anybody the discretion or
the indiscretion of allowing him to raise a salary
which is fixed by law at §'200 up to $G,000. The
salary of the district attorney for the distiictof
New Hampshire is ^200, and ) ou propose to
allow the Attorney General to raise that salary,
which the law fixes at $,200, to §6,000. In my
humble judgment, such legislation is unwise, in-
expedient, and uncalled for. 1 would suggest to
Senators—I do not know but that it may be stale
to repeat it—that this is not the time for incicas-
ing compensation. We have gone far enough in
that direction. At this time, when, as has been
well suggested, there is no lack of gentlemen to fill
these offices, able gentlemen, perfectly competent
to discharge all these duties with ability and fidel-
ity, there is not the slightest need of increasing
the compensation, which i.^ now, in my humble
judgment, liberal. 1 hope the bill will be reacted.
Air. TRUMBULL. I am not sure that this
bill will ever take one dollar out of the Treasury.
I concur very much in what the Senator from
New Hampshire says, that we should not unne-
eessanly increase expenses at this particular time,
but he must be aware that as the law now stands
the heads ofany ofthe Departments are authorized
to employ associate counsel, and they do so in
many insmnc cs, a-nd Luge sums are paid to asso-
ciate counsel amounting to thousands and thou-
sands of dol'ais. How do you appropriate for
that? Associate counsel have been employed in
the Cmemnati district to attend to cases. It is a
very common tiling in the large cities. I was in-
formed. however., bv the district attorney of Mas-
sachusetts, that he attended himself to all the
cases, and saved thousands of dollars to the Gov-
ernment by dispensing with associate counsel.
J am not sure that it would increase the expense
at all jf this bill was passed. In the first place, it
does not interfere at all with the compensation of
any distiict attorney, except upon his own appli-
cation. He will remain just as he is unless he
applies to the Attorney General to have a salary.
When he applies to him, what does he do? He
is required to show the amount of fees he receives.
There is a limit. There is no one who can re-
ceive $50,000. No district attorney m the United
States can receive over $6,000 compensation, no
matter what the fees amount to. That is the law
now. Let me say to the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, the district attorney of the city of New York
came here last July, exhibited his accounts passed
upon by the proper Department of the Govern-
ment, and actually showed that his expenses ex-
ceeded every dollar he got. He was in advance
to the Government when he was here, money out
of pocket, and we passed a law allowing him a
salary. That was done last July.
Other attorneys are making similar showings.
A vessel is taken to be condemned worth hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars. The most eminent
counsel in the nation aie employed to prevent its
condemnation, and you will have such a class Oi
attorneys under the compensation as jiow fixed
allowing a fee of twenty dollars for prosecuting a
suit of this kind, that it will be necessary, in order
to protect the interests of the Government, to em-
ploy associate counsel, and thousands of dollars
will be paid. This bill authorizes the Attorney
General, on the application of the district attorney
making a showing to him such as shall satisfy
him that he ought to ha\e something moie than
ho is receiving, to allow him a salary, and when
Si that salary is allowed he is to account to the Gov-
eminent for ail the fees he receives. He is not to
! receive a dollar except the salaiy; and all these
j gentlemen that are receiving so much will never
i make any application to the Attorney General.
You may be sure of that. There will be no appli-
cations under the bill where they arc receiving
such large amounts. I think no gieat harm can
giow out of it, and more legislation is necessary
on the subject. We have several communications
from the Sccietary of Statu and from the Attor-
ney General, m unamending relief in particular
ciicumstances. The SenatorfromOhio thinks that
would be the better comse. We would have to
pass a dozen different bills perhaps, or wc would
have to fix a compensation in reference to that
number of attorneys, and possibly it could be done
in one bill. The reason why that is not done now,
(for I would be for that if 1 had the necessary in-
formation at this time,) is that we are not suffi-
ciently informed to do it properly; and on consult-
ation with the Attorney General, I came to the
conclusion that it, perhaps, was not best to do it at
this time. We have a recommendation from the
State Department, recommending that the district
attorney at Key West, be allowed a sal-ary of
JO,500, and wc have recommendations in regard
to other attorneys. I think no great harm can grow
out of the bill, and 1 do not believe myself tliat it
will cost the Government anything more than the
present law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, it is incumbent on the Chair
to call up the special oider, which is the unfin-
ished busim ss of yestei day—the confiscation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps we can finish this hill
in a short time. I think we had better finish it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The confis-
cation bill is before the Semite, and it will require
a motion to postpone it.
Mr. SUMNER. It may be passed over inform-
ally until wc finish this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York [Mr. Harris] is entitled to the
floor on the special order. Does he yield the floor
to a motion to postpone?
Mr. HARRIS. If it will not take long.
Mr. SUMNER. Merely to proceed with this
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the special order can be laid aside inform-
ally.
Mr. HALE. Let the spccial order be proceeded
with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lot it be taken up.
