1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
Mr. FENTON called for the regular order of
business.
PAYMENT OF FIELD OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 241) for the payment of field officers of vol-
unteer regiments for services rendered prior to
the full organization of the regiments, which was
postponed until to-day.
The bill, which was read, provides that in all
cases where a volunteer regiment has been, or shall
be, raised to the minimum standard, the colonel
and other field officers, who shall have been com-
missioned as such, shall be entitled to receive the
pay and allowances established by law for their
respective grades from the time they were sever-
ally authorized in writing by the President, the
Secretary of W^ir, or the Governor of their State
to raise such regiment; provided, however, that
in no case shall the pay relate back more than
three months prior to such regiment being raised
to the minimum-standard. «,
Mr. DUNN. The reading of this bill sufficiently
explains itself. We know that many of the vol-
unteer officers of regiments have expended a great
deal of money and time in raising their regiments.
Under the law, as it now stands, the field officers
cannot receive their pay until their regiments are
raised to the minimum standard. Now, officers
of the regular Army ordered into service arc un-
der pay the same as if they were in the field; and
the Committee on Military Affairs cannot sec any
reason why volunteer officers who are preparing
to go into the service should not also receive com-
pensation for their labor in organizingandprepar-
mg their regiments for the field. The committee
have thought proper to limit the time to which this
pay shall extend, and to provide that jt shall not
extend further back than three months. The bill
provides that the pay of officers for services ren-
dered prior to their commission shall not relate
back further than three months.
I know the House is already familiar with this
matter, and I presume members are prepared to
vote upon it, and I therefore move the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask my colleague
on the Committee on Military Affairs to give way
for a moment, that I may move an amendment to
this bill.
Mr. DUNN. I will hear it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to offer an
amendment to provide for the payment of captains
for a period of two months—that when a company
is finally organized or received into the service,
the captain shall receive two months' back pay.
I desire to offer this amendment because I have
understood, upon some inquiry, since the com-
mittee passed upon this bill and reported it, that
lieutenants and all other company officers get their
pay now under the general orders after they have
raised a certain number of men. It takes a much
less number of men to entitle a lieutenant to pay
than a captain. A captain cannot get his pay,
under the regulations and orders now, until the
company has been mustered in, and very fre-
quently, under these circumstances, the captain
of a company may be employed for as much as
two or thpee months, laboring for the purpose of
recruiting his company, and going to considera-
ble expense without getting anything for it at all.
Sometimes, too, a fraction of his company is do
ing actual service m the field before it is full, and
mustered into the. service, and all that time the
captain has to pay his own expenses and gets
nothing at all.
I therefore offer the following amendment:
Sec. 2. slnd be it further enacted, That tlie piovisions of
tins bill shall nppl\ 'to captains of companies, e\cept that
the time for which the pay shall relate hack >hall bo two
months, ins-tead ol thioe months.
Mr.'wiCTCLIFFE. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affans \vhat pro-
vision is made for the payment of soldiers who
are doing actual servicc before they are mustered
into the service?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state, in re-
ply to the question of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that that matter has been considered by jj
the committee only a* relates to one department— j-
the western department; and the committee re- >;
ported a bill upon the subject, which was passed ij
by this House. It is the intention of the commit- J
tee—judging from the sentiments expressed by
its members—to prepare a general bill providing
for the payment of all soldiers who have done
actual service in the field prior to being mustered
into the service. The committee think it better to
introduce a general bill on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] or the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, why the Gov-
ernors of States are mentioned in the bill as hav-
ing given authority to raise regiments? I do not
understand that there is any law authorizing Gov-
ernors to do it.
Mr. DUNN. But we know very well that the
practice prevails in some of the States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It has been in fact
the universal practice, and a departure from it has
been the exception, not the rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. Somanifestlyis that the ease,
that it seems almost unnecessary that the words
" the President, or Secretary of War" should be
inserted here at all. I hope my colleague will con-
sent to strike out these words, "from the time
they were severally authorized in writing." The
authority may have been a mere letter addressed
to a citizen. It is said that there were three regi-
ments raised in Indiana upon the authority of let-
ters addressed by the President to citizens of that
State. It seems to me that my colleague does not
mean to say that in such a case as that the author-
ity shall have the effect of a commission, and that
those men shall be paid back to the time they
received these letters.
Mr. DUNN. I mean precisely that. That
phrase was put in the bill to cover just those cases
and others like them. When the President has
authorized a citizen to proceed to raise a regiment,
and the citizen has done so, and has afterwards
received a commission, I can see no reason why
he should not be paid from the time he was thus
authorized.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire by any sug-
gestions I may make to diminish the pay of the
officers or soldiers; butitisa well-known fact that
the non-commissioned officers and privates are not
paid back to the time when they actually entered
into the service. I therefore desire to offer the
following amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, i$*c., That each non-
commissioned officei and piivatcbhall be paid fiom the time
ho actually voIiiMivms and hid name enrolled on the ioil
of any company which may afterwards be received into the
service.
Mr. DUNN. I cannot yield the floor to my
colleague to oiler that amendment. That should
be done in a separate bill.
Mr. McKNIGliT. I would appeal to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, the member of the Mditary
Committee, to accept the amendment proposed by
his colleague. I think it is exceedingly import-
ant that a general bill should be passed upon this
subject, embracing the privates in volunteer regi-
ments as well as the officers. I have had a num-
ber of complaints made from my district in relation
to this very thing. Some have been enlisted and
enrolled two or three months prior to being mus-
tered into the service, because the mustermg-in
officer did not choose to make it convenient to go
and swear them in, alleging he would sworn* forty
or fifty at once, and they have sent remonstrances
to me. In some instances Germnn regiments have
found that other regiments encamped near them,
over in Blenker's brigade, have received pay fiom
the date of enrollment, whereas they have only
been paid from the time they were mustered in, and
they thought a discrimination was made against
them because they were foreigners, and they ap-
pealed to the paymaster's department through me,
to issue a general order, that In reafter volunteers
shall be paid from the date of their enrollment. I
believe such a law will meet the approval of the
War Department, and I would like to see this
whole matter embraced m this bill.
Mr. DUNN. I reported this bill by the au-
thority of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
therefore I have no right to accept these amend- i
ments. I am in favor of paying the soldier from
the time he actually entered into the service; and ;
1 will, at any time when the subject comes before |
the committee or the House, gi\e my vote for that i
purpose; but a law of that kind must bo prepared 1
carefully. This hill js intended to cover a pontic- ■
nlar class of cases. In organizing1 a regiment, a ;
certain number of men may electa captain, and the j
captain goes on pay; a certain number of compa-
nies elect a major, and the major goes on pay;
a certain number of companies elect a lieutenant
colonel, and he goes on pay; and las t of all a colonel
is elected, and he goes on pay. Now, that is not
right. Generally the chieflabor of raising the regi-
ment devolves upon the field officers,and especially
the colonel; and 1 can see no reason why he should
not be paid, if he actually raises a regiment, from
the time he actually commenced to raise it.
Mr. HOLMAN. All I ask is that the soldier
shall be put upon the same footing as the officer.
Mr. DUNN. I do not want the gentleman's
amendment attached to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not ask my colleague
to accept my amendment, but I do ask him to yield
me the floor to enable me to submit it for the con-
sideration of the House.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman will have his
proposition referred as a separate bill to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I will vote for it; but I
do object to its being put on as an amendment to
this bill without going to any committee for con-
sideration. I now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Blair, of
Missouri, was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH LINES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unanimous
consentoftheHousetohave taken from theSpeak-
er's table, and put upon its passage, the bill just
reported from the Senate (S. No."l69) to author-
ize the President of the United States, in certain
cases, to take possession of railroad and telegraph
lines, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time. It proposes to authorize the President
of the United States, when, in his judgment, the
public safety may require it, to take possession
of any or all the telegraph lines in the United
States, their offices and appurtenances; to take
possession of any or all the railroad lines in the
United States, their rolling stock, their offices,
shops, buildings, and all their appurtenances; to
prescribe rules and regulations for the holding,
using, and maintaining of the telegraph and rail-
road lines, in the manner most conducive to the
safety and interest of Government; to place under
military control all the offices, agents, and em-
ployes belonging to the telegraph and railroad
lines thus taken possession of, so that they shall
be considered a part of the military force of the
United States, subject to all the restrictions im-
posed by the rules and articles of war. Any at-
tempt, by any party or parties whomsoever, in
any State or district in which the laws of the Uni-
ted States are opposed, or the execution thereof
obstructed by insuigents and rebels against the
United States too powerful to be suppressed by
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, to re-
sist or interfere with the unrestrained use by Gov-
ernment of the property thus taken possession of,
or any attempt to injure or destroy it, is to be pun-
ished as a military olfense by death, or such other
penalty as a court-martial may impose. Three
commissioners are to be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advjee and consent of the
Senate, to assess and deteimine the damage suf-
fered, or the compensation to which any railroad
or telegraph company may be entitled, by reason
of the railroad or telegraph line being seized and
used undertheauthority conferred by the act, and
their award is to be submitted to Congress for its
action. The transportation of troops, munitions
of war, equipments, military property and stores
throughout the United States is to be under the
immediate control and supervision of the Secre-
tary of War, and such agents as he may appoint;
and all rules and regulations, articles, usages, and
laws in conflict with the provisions of the bill are
annulled. The compensation of each of the com-
missioners is to be eight dollars per day, while
in actual service, and the provisions of the act, so
far as relates to the operation and using of the
