so
APPENDIX TO TtlE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
3*7™ Cong. ... 2D
United States Notes—Mr. Grisfidd.
Ho. of Reps.
at their real value; and must compound with its
creditors at a discount. It is the resort of every
failing debtor,and even worse,for he only requires
a release on his creditors' voluntary acceptance
of a dividend of his estate; but this clause obliges
him to accept what the Government chooses to
offer in full discharge of his debt, and that, too,
before it ha exhaustcd its resources. Sir, it is
disgraceful to the country. Public credit reposes
on public confidence. It is a thing which cannot
be compelled by law. It results only from fail-
contracts, fairly, fully, and certainly discharged.
The man who pays most promptly is the man
who has most credit. And it is so with Govern-
ments. But how, in the face of this provision,
can credit be expected? Now discredit your own
securities; declare by necessary implication that
they are not worth what they import, and you
compel all men, by force of law, to receive them.
Can you expect confidence under these circum-
stances ? Will men deal with you ? Sir, this pro-
vision strikes down public confidence, destroys
credit, and shames us before the woiId. What
nation has ever resorted to it? It is a system of
repudiation and forced loans in the worst form.
It not only destroys our financial credit, but it will
be a stain on our national character, which ages
will not obliterate.
This provision attempts the impossible thing of
giving to paper the value of gold. The experi-
ence of tlu- world is against it. Law can regulate
exchanges, and may indirectly affect values; but
law can never give an artificial when there is no
real value. Law cannot convert paper into gold.
' Paper is valuable only when it represents gold,
and may be exchanged for it. Take away the
gold, and the paper is worthless. All the laws
of all the States, with the Continental Congress to
help them, making the issues of that body tenders
for debts, would not keep up their value to the
standard of par; they sank, notwithstanding, and
continued to sink, until it required $100 of that
money to buy a poor soldier a poorer breakfast.
And this is the experience of every nation that
has tried the silly experiment; and such will be
our experience. W e may manage to pay off exist-
ing liabilities with such paper, because we can
use the force nccessavy to compel its reception;
but how will wo make new purchases ? Can it be
supposed that prices will not rise just as much
above the specie standard as the noies fall below
it? The result is inevitable; all experience proves
it; and all the laws you can make will not make
it otherwise.
Look for one moment at the consequences the
measure will bring upon the country. All ex-
isting indebtedness was created upon the specie
standard, and all contracts aie to be settled in gold
and silver. Who can estimate the amount ofthis
indebtedness? Think but one moment ofitsvast-
neK'S. I here is your own debt of five hundred
millions or more; there aro the debts of the States,
probably quite as much; there are your city debts,
corporation debts, bank deGts, and debts of indi-
viduals, amounting to many thousands of millions,
all payable in gold and silver. By this bill, you
require them all to be settled in paper, which you
declare is worth less than gold. How much less?
In the face of this bill, certainly not loss than the
present market rate of your bonds is below their pat-
value. They aro now, at least, at ten per cent, dis-
count,and soon may be at twenty, and you, with i
one dash of your pen, sweep one tenth, probably '
one fifth, nay, it may be one half, of this immense
indebtedness out of existence. Ave you prepared
for the consequences? Think you that 110 suffer-
ing will follow this gigantic confiscation ? Arc you
prepared for the wail of the widow, whose mite,
at best, scarcely sufficient to keep hunger from the
door, is made less by your recklesslegislation ?
Are you prepared to behold the orphan gnaw his
meager crust, shortened by your improvidence '
Are you prepared to leceive the frown of an in-
jured and indignantpeople : Think you there will
be no retribution ? Think you that an outraged
people will not hurl you fiom this Hull. Nay,
more, do you imagine that a Government which
inflicts such wanton and wide-spread mischief will
be long tolerated by a free and intelligent peo-
ple ?
But, again: this provision will necessarily de-
stroy all private credit, and, of course, all com-
merce. A steady and unvarying currency is es-
sential to credit. No man will credit his neighbor
unless there is some fixed standard of value by
which the payment is to be made. Hence, gold
and silver, which are less fluctuating than any
other known substances, have been selected by
the common consent of mankind as the standard
by which all settlements are to be made. Then-
excellence consists in their uniformity of value.
Now it is proposed to substitute Government
notes in their place—of all things the most fluc-
tuating in value. The issue of a battle, or even a
skirmish, the appointment of a Cabinet minister,
the result of some State election, perhaps a speech
in this House, or even an editorial in the London
Times, will cause them to rise or fall. Now, how
is credit possible when payments are to be made
in such a medium? Who will sell an estate on
time when payment is to bo made in such an un-
stable medium ? Who will order from abroad a
ship-load of coffee to be exchanged by such a
standard? Who can calculate what will be the
worth of these notes at any future day ? Sir, this
proposition destroys all credit, and with it all com-
merce. Then what will become of the business
of the country? What will become of all your in-
dustrial interests? Where will your operatives
go! What will become of your agricultural pro-
ductions? What will real estate be worth ? Sir,
your factories must stop, your ships must rot at
the wharves, yourfields must begiven to the thistle
and the briar, and your laborer starve or maraud!
And when commerce ceases the public revenue
also ceases; and then your poisoned chalice, in just
retribution, will return to your own lips, and the
life blood of the nation cease to flow. Mr. Chair-
man, if this provision bo confined to contracts
hereafter to be made, as has been suggested, it
will be quite as unconstitutional, and just as fatal
to the credit of the Government and the business
of the country as it is in its present form.
Butthis provision is not necessary. The wants
of the Treasury do not require it. These notes
will be quite as current and answer all the pur-
poses of the Government just as well without this
offensive provision. Indeed, I think they would
have more credit without than with it. Make them
receivable for all public dues and redeemable in
six per cent, bonds; establish a national currency
based on the public securities through the agency
of the banks, with proper checks, and provide by
adequate taxation for the certain and prompt pay-
ment of the interest on your bonds, and they will
have a leal value and will find a general circula-
tion. Why should they not? The banks do not
pay specie, and yet their notes have their accus-
tomed circulation. These notes, thus sustained,
will be worth more than bank notes. Bank issues
are secured only by their capitals, and even this
security is shared both by the bill-holder and the
depositor, and is at the hazard of the want of faith
and want of skill of their directors. These notes
are secured by the bond of the Government, for
which the property of the whole country is
bound. Bank issues must depend on the credit
of the particular,institution for their circulation;
these notes arc backed by the whole property of
the nation, and are made by law receivable in
payment of $150,000,000 of taxes, one and a half
times greater than the whole amount of notes atany
time in circulation, even if the Secretary should
avail himself of the extreme limit of the law. Then
why will they not find circulation? They never
can sink below the value of the bonds, for they
arc fundable at the option of the holder; and the
bonds can never fall much below par, if such pro-
vision is made for the punctual payment of the
interest in coin as inspires the public with confi-
dence that it will he made.
Mr. Chairman, the success of this and of every
other scheme at all practicable and likely to be
efficient for the relief of the T reasury depends upon
the taxes you may levy. If you will make the
intereston these bonds payable in specie, and pro-
vide means to render that certain, can any man
doubt why the notes should not attain a greater
and broader circulation than bank paper' "To ac-
complish anything, by any device to supply the
public demand for money, such a tax must be
laid. Can it be done, and how ? Can the wealth
of the country bear it? Have we the sagacity,
wisdom, and, above all, the courage required to
develop the resources of the country? Will the
people submit to be taxed to the extent necessary
to meet the exigency of the times ?
Sir, this is aperiod that tries the mettle of men.
Legislation has its perils as well as the battle-field.
It demands even a more heroic courage; we must
meet its dangers without the excitement of the
conflict, and with no hope of the glories of vic-
tory. We must not shrink from the responsi-
bility. Everything depends upon us. With self-
sacrificing devotion to the cause of the Republic,
we must apply ourselves to the development of
the resources of the country, and with .firm and
steady hand turn the stream of national wealth into
the public Treasury to reinvigorate the national
life. If from a weak and pusillanimous fear of
consequences to ourselves we fail in this high and
holy work, our constituents and posterity will
hold us responsible for that national degradation
which is sure to follow.
It is estimated that a revenue of $150,000,000
annually is necessary to meet with certainty the
demands on the Treasury, and to put the public
ci-cdit on a sure and solid basis. Our present rev-
enue laws will yield $60,000,000 01- more, and there
remains to be raised, from new taxes, not much
short of $90,000,000 a year. Can the country
bear this tax? I think it can^land that without
serious inconvenience, if it be laid with prudence
and judgment.
The country is rich and rapidly increasing in
wealth. Its population, in round numbers, is
thirty-one millions. In 1850, as appears from the
census report, the property of the country was
found to be a fraction over §7,000,000,000; and
in I860, by the same authority, it was found to
be over $16,000,000,000—an increase .of nearly
$9,000,000,000, or over one hundred and twenty-
six per cent, in ten years, equal to more than
twelve and a half per cent, per annum. At the
same ratio of increase for the next ten years, the
property of the country will, in 1870, have run
up to over $35,000,000,000, equal to an annual
increase of $1,900,000,000, or more than twenty
times as much as is now required to meet the
wants of the Treasury.
These statements may appear extravagant, and
it is possible they exceed the actual increase of
national wealth, but they are official statements of
the Census Bureau, and they stand uncontradicted.
It may be true, and no doubt is, that from the
withdrawal of the southern States from the Union,
the diversion of a large portion of labor from pro-
ductive industry to military service, and the gen-
eral disturbance to the business of the country by
the war, the annual increase of national wealth
will be greatly lessened; but, after all proper al-
lowances are made for each of these causes, the
great fact stands broadly out, palpable to every
apprehension, unquestioned and unquestionable,
that the regular ordinary annual increase of na-
tional wealth exceeds by many hundred millions
the sum now required, or likely hereafter to be
required, for the wants of the Treasury, and to
place the credit of the country on a solid founda-
tion.
The country is therefore able to bear the tax,
and the only question is how is it to be laid with
the leastinconvenience to the people and the^great-
cst facility of collection and certainty of payment.
To meet these objects it should belaid on produc-
tive industry, rather than on property; it ought
to be indirect rather than direct. By this method
the Government is brought into contact with the
fewest people, and collects its revenue from the
fewest sources. The tax is paid by the producer,
and is returned to him by the consumer, in the
shape of an increase in the price. It is equal upon
all, for each contributes in proportion to his con-
sumption of the products of industry. It is cheer-
fully and voluntarily paid, for each may avoid the
tax by ceasing to use the article.
I look to indirect taxes as the proper mode of
supplying the public necessities. The land tax
is unequal, difficult to collect, and brings the Gov-
ernment into conflict with every eitfzen. It is
always reluctantly paid, and keeps up a constant
antagonism between the Government and the peo-
ple. And the same may be said, with more or
