548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
railroads and telegraphs, are nottobein force any
longer than is necessary for the suppression of
this rebellion.
The question being on the third reading of .the
*Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I did not under-
stand that the bill was to be taken up for action,
but simply for reference. I move to refer it to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have the floor, and
do not give way for that motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should certainly
have objected if! had supposed that the bill v/as
to be putupoaits passage without consideration.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the House to
consider the bill at this time. It is to authorize
the Secretary of War to take possession of all or
any of the telegraph and railroad lines within the
United States, for the public service, when that
pleasure is called for by the public necessities. It
is unquestionably a very important bill. But it
does not confer on the Secretary of War any new
or any dangerous powers. The Government has
now all the powers conferred by this bill; and the
simple object of the bill is to regulate, limit, and
restrain the exercise of those powers.
. Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. i seeby the provisions of
this bill that military power is given to the com-
mander of the Army to force civilians into the
military service, against their will and consent—
is that right?
Mr. CLAIR, of Missouri. If civilians remain
in their positions cm the railroads it is absolutely
necessary that they should he brought under the
authority of the Government. They can escape I
from that necessity by resigning their positions
on the railroads. Cut if it bo neccssary that the
Government shall take possession of one of these
railroads, every employe on the road ought to be
under military rule tor tin; time brin£, and ought
to be subject to military law. Still it does not
force these men to retain their positions. The
services of some men on the road may bo abso-
lutely essential to the Government; and, in that
case, the Government can properly force them to
retain their positions, and perform the services
which thoy alone can rightly perform. And that,
Mr. Speaker, would bo no greater exercise of au-
thority than would he the forcing of men into the
Army to serve in the ranks against their will, as the
Government has unquestionably the power to do
with reference to anybody in this countiy.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Missouri whether, on the prin-
ciples of this bill, it, would not be competent for
Congns.s t<  autiioii/.i; the Serietary of the Navy
to take possession of all the shipping in the Uni-
ted States, and some other officer of all the puvate
property of citizens of the United States?
Mr. liLAl UjofiMissouii. (Inquestlonably, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Why waste time,
then, on tav: bills? And yet a bill of this charac-
ter, unheard of before in the legislation of the
country, is to be brought up hete by unanimous
consent on a misunderstanding, and is to be put
upon its passage without debate. I hope the gen-
tleman will have consideration enough to consent
to postpone it.
Mr. I5LAIR, of Missouri. I tell the gentleman
from Ohio that the Secretary of the Navy has now
the power he speaks of.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I deny it; but if he
has, there is no legislation on the subjt ct needed.
Mr. LiLAlR, of Missouri. It is to regulate and
limit the power.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. You have no right
to pass such a law, unless the Constitution con-
fers it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It seems that he will
have it, whether I yield the floor or not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not at all.
The SPEAKER. 4Does the gentleman yield?
Mr. IjL \1 11, of Missouri. Certainly. *
Mr. VALLAXDIGTFAM. I say that if the
S'u^tnry of the Navy has such a power at a 1 >,
and there :s no law n. w on the subject, it is by
virtue of the Constitution, and legislation cannot
limit it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, sir, I deny
that proposition. It is not any one person under
this Government who has that power; it is the
Government itself that has it. And any power
which this Government has can be limited and
regulated by law. Now, sir, under our Constitu-
tion, the Government has the power to take any
private property for public use when it may be
deemed essential to the safety of the public, on
compensation being made, as is proposed in this
bill to be made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman from
Missouri yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri to a single
point. I think that the Government ought to have,
and must have, control of the railroads; otherwise
it runs the risk, whenever it makes a contract for
transportation, of having its plans made known.
It is necessary that the Government should have
this power, so as to be able to move the Army and
place it at given points at a particular time. _ But
the point of the bill to which I object is this: it
places all the employes of the road under the arti-
cles of war. I do not see the necessity for that;
and if the gentleman will explain to me why that
is in the bill, I shall be very much obliged to him.
I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that we ought to
place the employes of the railroads under these
severe articles, unless we have their consent to
do so.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is absolutely
neccssary, if the Government shall deem it proper
and needful to take possession of these roads. The
hill docs not compel the Secretary of War to take
possession of any or all of the railroads, but only
gives him that powerwhen he deems it necessary
tor the public safety to exercise it. And when-
ever he shall deem it necessary to take possession
of a road for any length of time, in order to trans-
port troops, or for any other military purpose,
then every employe on it shall be brought under
the articles of war. He could not get along with-
out that power. But I say also, in further re-
sponse to what the gentleman has advanced, that
this docs not compel a man necessarily to come
under the articles of war, because if he objects to
it he can leave his place on the road, and some
other man can be substituted for the time the Gov-
ernment keeps possession of the road.
This power is essential. The employes on the
railroads would have in their hands the lives of the
troops whom they would be transporting. Thoy
would be able to bury them all in an abyss, if they
saw proper to do so,and I do think that military
courts should have the power of inflicting punish-
ment on them when they deserve it. Is there any
hardship in that? Even if an instance should occur
in which it would be neccssary to compel employes
to perform certain duties which they might be in-
disposed to perform,and to place them under the
articles of war, it would be no more than the Gov-
ernment would do to some of our citizens if it
should be found necessary to draft men into the
Aimy. We may be compelled to make a draft,
and thus we can bring men unwillingly,under the
articles of war, to serve as soldiers. And so, if
we should find it necessary to draft an engineer,
or to compel any man to do any service that is
essential to the public safety, we should have the
power to put hun under the articles of war.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is for that vny rea-
son, if the gentleman will permit me, that I objcct
to that portion of the bill. Now, I do not think
an army would be sa'fe in being transported by
engineers or conductors who had not yielded or
given their consent to go into this "arrangement.
It is for that very reason that I object to it. I
hope I make myself understood by the gentleman
from Missouri. There is no difficulty about get-
ting employes to serve willingly. The Govern-
ment ought to have absolute control of the road;
but by this bill, as I understand it, you authoiize
the Government to take possession of the road
with the employes, and bring them under the con-
trol of the articles of war. They have no dis-
cretion about it. It is true they might resign; but
'! I would have their consent before I would permit
' them to conduct a train upon which the army was
, passing.
Mr. iiLAlll, of Missouri. Several suggestions
j, have been made by gentleman around me of the
!; absolute necessity there is for the passage of this
U bill. For instance, suppose wo should want upon
a sudden emergency to transport an army over •
a particular road; suppose that for that purpose
we should take possession of that road, but that
the employes of the road should decline to serve.
If you give the Government no control over them,
we should have to look about to hunt up other
employes. Meanwhile, we shall perhaps have
lost the opportunity of striking the blow intended
in consequence of the failure to procure the ne-
cessary transportation. I think that in such a
contingency the Government should be author-
ized to compel such employes to serve. There can
be no doubt that the Government has the power
to compel them; and there is no doubt in my mind
as to the propriety of compelling them to serve.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to my friend
from Missouri that I have no doubt as to the power.
It is a question of policy with me. I think we
can make the bill, by some slight amendment, in-
finitely better and more satisfactory than it is now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether this bill subjects the presidents
ot railroads to the articles of war? 1 see some
members of this House who are presidents of rail-
roads, and I desire to know whether they are to
be subject to the articles of war?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not suppose
there would be any harm in subjecting the presi-
dent of a railroad to the articles of war, if it was
necessary to the objects of the nation. Rut I sup-
pose it will not be essential to put the president on
board a train of cars, because he generally knows
very little about the running of cars. 1 do not see,
however, any harm in compelling them to serve
the public, under the most stringent law that we
could enact.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I am informed in very
high quarters that this bill is eminently necessary,
and as so far as I can perceive there is no real ob-
jection to its passage, I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to know if it is in
order to move to refer this bill?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Edgerton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
eighty-three in the affirmative.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will not call for
a count upon the other side, but content myself
with protesting against this bill.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messis Aldtieli. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph P>aily, Baker, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Fiancis X\ P.lair, Jacob B. Blmr, Samuel S Blair,
Blake, Geoiae II. Biowno, William G. Brown, Bufl'mton,
Buinham, Calveit, Camplvll. Chambeihn, Clark, Cobb,
Colfax, Ftederick A. Conklmq, Ito-coc Conklnt£, Ciavms,
Culler, Davu, Dawes, Delaplam", Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
watds, Dliot, Elv, English, Fenton. Fe<senden, Fianchof,
Fiank. Gooeli, Goodwin, Giancei, 'Gnder, Guiley, Ilaijrht,
ll'Ue, Hanehett, Hanson, Hickman, Hooper, llutchm*,
Julian, Kcilov. Francs-; IV. ICeliogg, William Kellogg, Lan-
sing, Lazear, Lehman. Lnoum, Lovejoy, McKmgbf, Mc~
Pliei-on. Maynard, Mitchell, Mooihead, An->ou P. Morrill,
Nixon, Noel I, Nucren, Olin, Pony, Timothy G Phelps, Pike,
Pomotoy, PoileKPiice, Alexander H. Itice. John 1(. Rice,
Riddle. L-dwaid II. Rollins. James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Rianlv?, Sheffield, Sheiman, fc?loan. John I* Steele,
William (1. Steele, Stevens Sfatton, BeniaminF. Thomas,
Fiancis Thomas, Trimble, Trowhudgc, Upton, Van Horn,
Van Valkenbni^h, Van WvcK, Veiree, Wall, Wallace,
ClKtiles> W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Wheeler, Whuley,
Albert S. White, Windom, Woodruff, Woice&tcr, and
Wnght—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona. Baxter. Biddle, Conway,
Cri-sfield, Divcn, Dnnlap, Harding. Ilolman. John.on^
KnappjLaw, Leaiy,May,Menzic->,Moil's,Noble.Norton,
Pendleton, Robinson, Shiel, Vailandighani, Wud-wo.ih,
Wind, Chilton A. White, Wieklifio, and WiKou—
So the bill was passed.
During the call of I he roll,
Mr. SLOAN stated that his colleague, Mr. Pot-
ter, had been called home in consequence of the
illness of his son.
