1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2531
Her products and trade are rapidly growing, as
illustrated by the following table of exports show-
ing seven years' progress, furnished from an au-
thentic source:
1852. 1839.
Coffee   None exported. o tons.
Hngiu .  " " 103 "
Ooitun cloths  " " 18,000
Oven  " 75 yoke.
Palm oil 3;000 tons 7,500 tons.
The two most important articles of growth and
trade from West Africa are cotton and palm oii.
Of the former $1,450,000 worth are annually ex-
ported, of which $200,000 passes through Libe-
rian ports, and the balance through Lagos. This
growth of cotton has excitcd hitherto the atten-
tion of other countries, and is especially interesting
now to them and us, because of its partial failure
in this country from the disturbed condition of the
cotton region. From the Abbeokutan country
were exported in 1852 two hundred and thirty-
five pounds of cotton, and in 1859, three thousand
four hundred and forty-seven bales. The amount
of palm oil imported into Great Britain from West
Africa is shown by the following decennial table
ranging from 1790 to 18G0:
First decennial peiiod  1,325 tons. $307,800
Second decennial period  3,377 11 1,080,640
Third decorum) period  13,927 " 4,119^648
Foaith decennial period...... 45.912 " 10,284,288
Fifth decennial period 1,260,781 w 281,414.944
Sixth decennial ppiiod sU39,430 " 479.233.320
Seventh decennial period 3,789,201 " 848,781,024
An average of $84,878,000 per annum. This
increase in a single article of commerce is aston-
ishing. and it is a notable fact that, at the points
where most of this is exported, large shipments
of slaves were foimerly made. Now all that is
changed, verifying the maxim that" commerce is
the hand-maid of leligion." In addition to the ar-
ticles named, Liberia produces and exports ivory,
camwood, gums, pahn nuts, ginger, hides, indi-
go, wax,ship timber,&c. Mostof this immense
trade is now enjoyed by those countries already
mentioned, having treaty stipulations with Libe-
ria, whereby no discrimination is made against
her vessels and cargoes; whereas those entering
our ports are compelled to pay an extra duty of
one dollar per ton on the vessel, and ten percent,
on the value of the cargo. (See Brightley's Di-
gest, page 354.) I learn that this discrimination
has already forced three vessels, which formerly
ran regularly between Monrovia and New York
and Baltimore, to seek the port of Liverpool.
Vessels tiading with Liberia are thus treated less
favorably than those tiadmg with China, Siam,
and Japan, for which treatment no satisfactory
reason can be given.
Hayti, too, presents powerful claims for rec-
ognition, including a large portion of the island
named by Columbus, Hispanftjla, more recently
known as St, Domingo, situate near the entrance
of the Mexican Gulfr with a genial climate, salu-
brious air, rich soil and products, extensive com-
merce, and a thrifty population of some six hun-
dred thousand, what lacks she that she should
be precluded from recognition as one of the great
national family, to all ot whom we should be swift
to accord comity. Her rare and costly products
of soil, mine, and forest; her coffee, sugar,cotton,
and fruits; her iron, copper, silver, and gold; her
mahogany and satmwood, are readily exchanged
for the products of our looms, forges, farms, and
pranies, to the reciprocal benefit of each country.
We have the testimony of our commercial agents,
that for want of treaty stipulations, our own mer-
chants and shippeis have been deprived of many
advantages, and suffered many onerous disciim-
mations. The importance and prosperity of Hayti
have been so fully set forth in a recent speech of
the Senator from Massachusetts?, [Mr. Sumner,]
that I shall not enlarge upon it. Our commercial
dealings with her are more extensive than with
many nations, with whom we have formed trea-
ties; as Austria, Sweden, Prussia, Turkey, Por-
tugal, Central America, Japan, Dcnmaik, the Pa-
p<j States, and Sandwich isles, to some ot winch
we accredit full ministers. From official tables of
\fiy tecent date, I find that in point of commer-
cial imparlance, of sixty count! les with whom wo
oi.ioy amny and n.tetco'ursso, Hayti standsNo. 3G
am! Lil.cria No. 18 in the scale; and yet twenty-
one of thoy standing lower on the list have diplo-
matic, relations with this Government. These
things ought not to be.
The annual value of our trade with the two
countries is:
Hayti—Exports $2,673,682
Imports  2^052,723
■Liberia—Expotts  2,3^0,543
Impoi ts     1,755,916
Politically, the recognition of Hayti is of im-
portance now, in view of the new complications
on and near the shores of North America, and
the struggles of European nations for a foothold
on our continent. The more independent repub-
lics we have around us, the further we avert the
encroachments of restless and ambitious Govern-
ments. Already has the Haytien Government
been recognized by England, Spain, Austria, Den-
mark, Holland, Belgium, Portugal, Sweden,and
Hanover. As with Liberia, our own Republic
is, m this regard, far behind the monarchies of
Europe.
I fully concur in the sentiment of President
Lincoln,as expressed in his lastannual message:
'•Jf onycood reason exhts why we should persevere
longer in withholding oui recognition of the independence
and sovereignty of Ilajti and Liberia, X am unable to dis-
cover it. Unwilling, however, to mauguiate a novel policy
in regaid to them without the apptobation of Confess, 1
submit for your consideration the expediency of an appro-
puation foi maintaining a charge d'affauesneai eacliot these
new States. It does not admit of doubtthat important com-
mercial advantages might be secured by favorable treaties
with them."
The President could doubtless at once establish
diplomatic relations with both of these States, as
intimated in this extract. He had the power when
penning his message, but was unwilling to inau-
gurate the novel policy without the approbation
of Congress. Such consideration need not longer
restrain him; for the act emancipating the slaves
in this District, recently passed into a law, does
recognize both these republics, and provides for
colonizing the freedmen in them; so that all now
really needed is to iix the salaries of our diplo-
matic icpresentatives, which is done in the bill
now before the House. I contend, however, that
this pioperactshould be donepropeily and grace-
fully; for by such a couise we will not merely
maintain our self-respect, but challenge that of
sister nations.
It would detract, sir, from the dignity of the
occasion and the force of the argument, to descend
from the lofty plane of statesmanship on which
this great international question should be met and
disposed of, to notice the only objection I have
ever heard against this measure—an objection
which would seem to be the offspring of a preju-
diced mind and pcrveited judgment, the veriest
saffron " of the jaundiced eye." Yet 1 feel con-
strained to allude to it, because it recently saw the
light in an argument against this measure, which
has been published m the official organ of: this
House, that is, that if recognized, they might be
represented at this republican court by (to use the
very language) " a full-blooded negro;" and I re-
gret to find the objection reiterated by the gentle-
man from Ohio, ['Mr. Cox,] and by my colleague
from Philadelphia, [Mr. Biddle,] whose citizens
of all pauses have petitioned Congress this very
session for this measure.
Sir, this is a non seqxiitur, for I judge that these
Governments will desire to he represented near
ours, by those who can best serve them, which,
in the present state of feehngand prejudice, 1 sub-
mit, white agents could. Acting on this view,
Liberia has always been represented in London
i by Gerard Ralston, Esq., a highly respected gen-
tleman from Philadelphia, who has negotiated
most of her treaties with European Powers.
But even accepting the proposition m all its enor-
mity, I ask whether wc shall hesitate to do what
the august Court of St. James and the polite Court
of St. Cloud, and the proud Court of Brazil never
thought of doing; their treaties with Liberia con-
taining no stipulations about the size, shape, or
color of the agents of either of the high contract-
ing parties. And when it is i emembei ed, Mr.
Speaker, that the most arrogant and haughty, per-
haps, of all those who in this land looked down
upon the ne^ro, namely, 'Jiewliiiom Senator, but
now ivocl, Mason, or' V ir^mia, was quite recent!}
obseived sitting in the gatlery of the Britiso Pai-
1 lament beside one ofthes-- swarthy representauves
(if I mistake not) of tins very HayU^on appar-
ently the most amicable terms, I thinK we
resentatives of a Republic need not take the alaim
]«st such a diplomatist(i should come between the
wind and our nobility."
To the amendmentof the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] lam opposed, beckuse I think that for
the purpose of negotiating a proper, treaty with
each of these States, and to protect and secure the
proper dignity and status of our own Government,
with the security and rights of oaragents.andpt-
izens, diplomatic representatives higher than stm~
pie consuls, with greater powers, position, and'
influence, and with the greater privileges and im-
munities secured by the law of nations, are needed.
Especially with regard to Liberia is this the*
case, where we shall need a diplomatic represent-
ative to keep an eye to our growing interests on
that continent; to negotiate treaties with future
African States, and to cooperate with the diplo-
matic agents of other Governments in the suppres-
sion of the slave trade, and to consider questions
arising under the provisions of our treaty of 1842
with Great Britain.
To show that consuls are not legally possessed
with the status, powers, and privileges necessary
to such ends, 1 cite the following high authorities:
{: Consuls are not public ministers. Whatever protection
they may be entitled to in the discharge of their official du-
ties,and wUatevei special privileges may he confened upon
them by the local laws and usages, or by international com-
pact, thoy are not entitled by the geneial law of nations to
the peculiar immunities of embassadors. No State is bound
to permit the residence of foreign consuls unless it lias stip-
ulated by convention to leceive them. They are to be ap-
ptoved and admitted by the local sovereign, and if guilty of
illegal or impioper conduct, aie liable to have the exequa-
tur which is granted them withdrawn, and may be pun-
ished by The laws of the State where they reside, or sent
back to then own country, at the discretion of the Govern-
ment which they have offended. In civil and criminal cases
they are subject to the local law in the same manner with
other foretell residents owing a temporary allegiance to the
State.5'—Wheaton's International Law,page 304; 1 Kent's
Coimnentaiics, page 43.
Mr. Philhmore, the author of a recent admi-
rable treatise on international law, which, from
its learning, perspicuity, and comprehensiveness,
becms destined to take high rank, if it shall not
be the standard, among ail the works on thissub-
ject, says:
"Consuls m Christian countries are not, legally speak-
ing,public ministers of the State to which they belong.
They are not the representatives ot their State, or entitled
to .my of the privileges oi i miunifie« accorded to audi rep-
resentatives, whether they be full embassadors or simple
charges d'alTaues, for the following reasons:
1. They are not, except where abo charges, furnished
with credentials, but with a mere commission to watch over
the commercial rights and privileges oi their nations.
ilH. They cannot enter on the discharge of their lunctions
without the permission of, and continuation by, the sover-
eign of the country to which deputed; which permission
or exequatur may at any tune be ievoked by such sovereign.
'■ 3. As a geneial rule, they aie amenable to the civil and
criminal jurisdiction of ihe country in which thoy reside ;
Vattel's position, that they are exempted from the latter,
being wholly unsupported by the icquisite pi oof.
"4. They arc •subject to the payment of taxes.
"5. The permission to have places of worship in their
houses is rarely accorded to consuls.
* "6. They have no claim to any foreign ceremonial, or
mark of respect, and no right of precedence, except among
themselves.
" As a general rule, too, consuls in Christian countries
have no contentious jurisdiction over their fellow-country-
men, but simply a sort of voluntary juiisdichon, a power
of aibitratfon in disputes. Their (unctions must in great
measure depend upon the municipal law of their own
country, and no contentious jurisdiction can be exercised
ovei their fellow-countrymen without the express permis-
sion ofthe State in which they reside."—2 Phillimore's In-
ternational Law. part 7, chap. 2, pp. 3-10—246.
Mr. Caleb Cashing, while Attorney General
of the United States, gave a very elaborate opin-
ion on the status of consuls under the law of na-
tions, collating all the authoiities from the ele-
mentary wi iters and judicial decisions, on which,
and from which he concludcs that—
••if now fully established that consuls are subject to
the local jnribdieFton, and do not enjoy the diplomatic priv-
ileges accorded to the rmnisteis of foreign Poweis ; that in
their ivr^onal affairs thev ate justiciable by the local tribu-
nal- lor offenses, and subject to the same recourse ot execu-
tion as other resident foreigners, and cannot pretend to the
same per«onaiinviolabi}ity and exemption fiom juiisdiction
as foreign ministers enjoy by the law of nation*."—Note to
Wheatont Elements, p. 30o. &c.
The questions of African colonization and the
prosperity of Liberia are not with me novel or
uninteresting. To the former, twenty years ago,
j I was accustomed to make my boyish contribu-
.; tions; to the latter I rejoice at this opportunity to
11 contribute, by casting my vot  to recognize hur as
11 a five and independent republic. 1 shall give sucil
! vote with pleasure akin to that with which I gave
my voice to free this capital, and this District,from
slavery, and in favor of which I designed to offer
some remarks had the opportunity then been
