1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
Mr. STEELE, of New York, said Mr. Smith
" was still unable to leave his hotel.
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that Mr. Washburne
had been called home by a death in his family.
Mr. MENZIES said that Mr. Mallory was
necessarily absent in the city of New York.
The result was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
DEFENSES OJ? WASHINGTON.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to appeal to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw
that motion for a very short time. I hold in my
hand a bill which has passed this House, has been
amended in the Senate, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs again in this House, and I now
desire to report it back for action upon the Senate
amendments. It is a bill (H. R. No. 165) to make
appropriations for completing the defenses of
Washington. I am informed that the Govern-
ment is already indebted in a large amount for
these works to laborers, &c.
Mr. STEVENS. What do you want to do?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Disagree with one
of the amendments of the Senate and concur with
the others.
Mr. STEVENS. Without any speeches?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Without any
speeches, &o far as I am concerned.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion.
The bill, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto, was taken up.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want the gentleman to tell
me how much there is in this bill, and what these
defenses are
The SPEAKER. The bill itself is not before
the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then we are only to act upon
the amendments of the Senate. I ask to have
them rcpoited.
The Committee on Military Affairs recom-
mend that the third section of the Senate amend-
ments be non-concurred in, and that the other
sections be concuned in.
The Senate amendments were read, as follows:
Add at the end of the bill as follows:
Provided, That all arioarages already inclined for the
objects of tlii-; act shall lie fn>t paid out of this sum Pro-
vided, further. That no part of the Mim hoioby appiopriated
shall be expended on any woik heieafter to be commenced.
Sec. 2. Jiml be it f wither enacted, That the filth section of
the act of the 28th or September, 1850, providing for the dis-
chaigf from the sci vice ot minois enlisted without the con-
sent of their patent^ or guaidians, be, and the same hereby
is, tepealed : Provided, That hereafter no peif-on umlci the
age of eighteen «hall bo mustered into the United States
seivice, and the oath ot enlis>tuienttakenbytheiecruitshall
be conclusive as to bis age.
Sfc. 3. •diulbe it fuither enacted, That no volunteer or
, mihun liom any State ^hali be mui-feied intorbeserviee of
the United States on any tonus or conditions confining their
service to the limits of *aid State oi vicinity; and it any
such volunteers or militia aie m seivice contrary to the
ptovHions of tins act, the same shall be discharged.
Sec. 4. Jlndbcit further enact, cd, That the second section
of the above recited act shall be, and the same is hereby,
m> amended as to read as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlndbcit further enacted, That m tone of war
or lebellion against the supieme autfiority of the United
States, all poisons who -hall ho found linking a* &pie«, or
acting as s>uch, m or about the fortifications, encampments,
po-ts. quaiteis,oi headquaitcrs of the armies of the United
States, or any of them, within any pail of the United States
winch ha- been or may be declared to be in a state of m-
sunecuon by pioclamation of the President of the United
States, shall suffer death by sentence oi a general couit-
mattial.
Sue. 6. And be it farther cnacted, That the fifty-fifth ar-
ticle of the fust section ot the act of Apnl 10, J806, chapter
twenty, be, and the Same is heieby, su amended a& to mid
as follow-:
Art. 55. Whoever, belonging to the aimie* of the United
States in foieign paits, or at any place within the United !
States oi tlieit Temturics, duung rebellion agam&t the &u- j
pieine authontv of the United States, shall force a sate- |
guard, shall sutfoi death. j
The question being on adopting the reeom- |
mendation of the Committee on Military Ailairs,
to concur in the Senate amendments, the House
divided; and there were—ayes sixty-eight, noes
not counted.
Mr. BINGIIAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs was concurred in.
DEMAND NOTES.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof theUnion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mi.
Keli/Ogg, of Illinois, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question in order is
the special order, being House bill No. 240, to
authorize the issue of United States notes, and for
the redemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the floating debt of the United States, on which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Chairman, I was
glad to hear the announcements made by the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, by my
colleague, [Mr. Vallandigham,] by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,]
and by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] that they each intended to propose to
the House to make changes in this bill, cither
by way of amendment or substitute. I do not
know what those changes may be; but from the
language in which these announcements were
made, 1 infer that they will be radical, touching
not only the provisions of this bill, but all the
financial questions which so gravely complicate
the difficulties pressing upon the country. I shall
therefore, sir, postpone whatever I might desire
to say in reference to the general subject until
these amendments are proposed,and confine my-
selfthis morning somewhat strictly to the special
provisions of the bill before the committee. That
bill provides for the issue of §100,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes of the characterand description therein
mentioned. It provides that they shall not bear
interest; that they shall be payable, at the pleas-
ure of the Government, to bearer at the Treasury
of the United States, or at the office of the Assistant
Treasurer in the city of New York: they shall be
receivable for all debts and demands due to the
Government, and for all debts and demands due
from the Government; and, in the language of the
bill,
" Thev shall be lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
ment of all debts, public and piivate, within the United
States."
I have examined, Mr. Chairman, with some
care, every law authorizing the issue of Treasury
notes which has been passed from the foundation
of the Government up to this hour, and I find
that this bill differs from all of them in several
essential particulars. Every other law author-
izing the issue of Treasury notes provided that
they should bear some rate of inleiest, whereas
these are to bear none; that they should be pay-
able at a fixed time prescribed m the note, whereas
these arc only to be payable at the pleasure of the
United States; that the notes thereby authorized
should be receivable in payment of public debts
only by those who were willing to receive them at
par, while these notes are to be received by every
public creditor who is not willing to forfeit Ins right
to payment at ail. These notes are to be made
lawful money, and a legal tender in discharge of
all pecuniary obligations, cither by the Govern-
ment or by individuals, a characteristic which has
never been given to any note of the United States
or any note of the Bank of the United States by
any law ever passed. Not only, sir, was such a
law never passed, but such a law was never voted
on, never proposed, never introduced, never rec-
ommended by any Department of the Govern-
ment; the measure was never seriously entertained
m debate in either branch of Congress.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man allow mc to ask him a question?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ROSCOE CONivLTNO. 1 understand the
gentleman to say that no measure like that he is
about to discuss was ever entertained m debate,
or, if 1 understand him, ever recommended by any
Department of the Government; and I would like
to inquire of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pen-
dleton] whether he is pieparedto answer, and if
not, of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, or the gentleman who reported this
bill, whether the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury is m favor of making paper a legal tender;
and also whether he is prepared to recommend to
Congress the adoption of that measure? I will .
say, with the permission of the gentleman, that,
for one, I should like very much to know what is
the opinion of the Secretaryof the Treasury, em-
bracing not only the extent of the constitutional
power, which the gentleman is now going to dis-
cuss, but the economic and political extent, if that
is involved in the proposed measure, of making
paper a legal tender in payment of debts.
Mr. SPAULDING. In reply to the question of
my colleague, I will say that the Secretary of the
Treasury has been called upon for his opinion in
regard to this bill. We were assured that his re-
ply would be sent to us yesterday, but we did not
receive it. We expect his answer every hour.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am not certain
that I understood what my colleague said. Does
he expect a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury which will contain his views on the financial
question, and also on the legal question?
Mr. SPAULDING. Upon this billspecificaUy?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Containing the
legal tender clause ?
Mr. SPAULDING. Yes, sir.
Mr. PENDLETON. I cannot answer the
question of the gentleman, so far as the opinions
of the present Secretary of the Treasury are
concerned. I affirm again the statement I have
made, that a proposition of this kind has never
been recommended to either House of Congress
by any Department of this Government from its
organization. The report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, made at the opening of the session,
contains no such recommendation. Itis obvious,
from the comparison which I have drawn between
the bill before us and the laws heretofore passed,
that if this bill shall pass, we are about to take a
departure from the settled financial policy of the
Government. We are about to launch ourselves,
with sails all set, upon an ocean of experiment,
upon which the wise men who administered the
Government before we came into power, warned
by the example of other nations, would not per-
mit it even to enter. I believe that this Govern-
ment has reached a crisis m its history. 1 believe
that it is approaching a period in the history; of
its legislation which may determine the question
of its continuance. By wisdom it may overcome
the evils of secession; by its great powers and
resources it may be able to defend itself against
those in arms against it; but I firmly believe that
it cannot maintain itself against the shock of the
accumulated and manifold dangers which follow
inevitably, closely in the wake of an illegal, un-
sound, and depreciated Government paper cur-
rency.
The feature of this bill which first strikes every
thinkmgman even in these days of novelties, is the
proposition that these notes shall be made a legal
tender in discharge of all pecuniary obligations,
as well those which have accrued in virtue of con-
tracts already made as those which are yet to
accrue in pursuance of contracts which shall here-
after be made. Do gentlemen appreciate the full
import and meaning of that clause? Do they
realize the full extent to which it will carry them ?
Every contract for the payment of money is in
legal contemplation a contract for the payment of
gold and silver com. Evciy promissory note,
every bill of exchange, every lease reserving rent,
every loan of money reserving interest, every
bond issued by this Government, is a contract to
which the faith of the obligor is pledged that the
amount, whether rent, interest, or principal, shall
be paid m the gold and silver coin of the country.
Every contiact for the performance of some other
thing than the payment of money carries with it,
as the penalty of its infraction, that damages shall
be assessed, and that these damages shall be paid,
even if necessary at the end of an execution, in
the gold and silver coin of the country. Every
verdict which has been rendered, every judgment
which has been entered up, every decree for the
paymimt of money, has been made upon that
hypothesis. That is the measure of the obliga-
tion of the one party, and of the right of the other.
The provisions of this bill contemplate impair-
ing the obligation of every contract of that kind,
and disturbing the basis upon which every judg-
ment and deciee and verdict has been entered. It
proposes to say to a party who has entered into
a contract, " You shall be discharged from the ob-
ligations of that contract by doing something' else
than that which you have agreed to do." It pro-
poses to say to every party with whom a contract
