2532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
afforded. Here, at least, we were responsible, as
a nation, before all Christendom, and here we
were daily subjected to the inconsistency and hu-
miliation of welcoming the representatives of for-
eign nations to the freest, and, as we say, most
enlightened people on the globe, that they might
see this bar sable in our national escutcheon. I
rejoice that it has been erased, and that the stigma
no longer attaches to us.
It was but the other day that we directed the
dome of this Capitol—the progress of which lias
been so long arrested—to be immediately finished.
It would almost seem that the suspension of the
work had been providential in order that the statue
of Liberty, long ready, might not be exalted to
its position ontheapex until liberty indeed reigned
in the national capital under her very shadow—
and the figure should not represent a lie—while
visitors and strangers, casting their eyes from tur-
ret to foundation, from freedom symbolized to
humanity bound, might not indulge in criticism
and sneers at our glaring inconsistency, if not hy-
pocrisy. Let the work now be hastened, that
Freedom's statue may be speedily elevated to her
now appropriate position, and alike signalize the
completion of the building, and the nation's year
of jubilee. "Let it rise till it meet the sun in his
coming, and let departing day linger and play
around its summit."
With these and other beneficent measures, as
the homestead bill and the Territories forever
free and the District emancipation act, adopted at
the present session , this Thirty-Seventh Congress
will not hav<j met in vain. But if, in addition, by
wise counsels and self-sacrificing devotion to our
common country, and by earnest, constant, and
well'directed efforts to suppress the unrighteous
rebellion now desolating our fair land and filling
all hearts with sadness, we shall strengthen the
handsof our President, discard party rancor, vote
the supplies and sinews of war, crush out faction
both in the civil and military service, and mature
a law punishing the rebels, while least damaging
the loyal and the helpless; a law, not violating the
Constitution, and therefore to be declared at the
very start a nullity by the courts, but deriving its
sanction and vigor from that hallowed instrument
which alone secures our lights and liberty, which
is the only refuge from tyranny and anarchy,
usurpation and rebellion; then, indeed, we may
turn away from this forum, and, revisiting our
homes, receive the applause of our constituents
and mankind, while we shall not have occasion
hereafter to reproach ourselves with the reflection
that the scepter of nationality fell from our nerve-
less grasp, or to hear from others the taunt that,
actuated by partisan impulseand blinded Ity venge-
ance or fanaticism, we failed to grapple with the
stern realities of the hour, and penetiating ilie vtul,
to discern the future glory and grandeur of the
Republic.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his" Private
• Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. 11, jN"o. 389) to establish certain post
routes and for other purposes;
An act (II. II. No. 189) for the survey of grants
or claims of land;
An act (H. R. No, 459) to allow to the State of
California an additional Representative in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress; and
An act(H. R. No. 47C) abolishing certain col-
lection distnets, and reducing the compensation
of officers of customs in California.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Hon. Frederick F. Low, a Representative
elect from California, admitted under the act of
June 2, giving an additional Representative to the
State of California in the present Congress, ap-
peared, was sworn to support the Constitution of
the United States, and took his seat in the House.
HAYTI AND LIBERIA—AGAIN.
Mr. GOOCH. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill. s
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
_ Mr. GOOCH. My colleague [Mr. Eliot] hav-
ing been called home by sickness in his family,
desires me to ask leave of the House that he may
print the remarks which he would have made upon
this question if he had been present.
There was no objection,and the speech will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would be
very glad if my friend and colleague would give
way to me for a few moments.
Mr. GOOCH. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. After the
excellent speech, Mr. Speaker, of my friend and
colleague yesterday who introduced this bill, [Mr.
GoecH,] I feel as if anything like elaborate argu-
ment were unnecessary; but I desire to state very
briefly the reasons which will induce me to vote
for this bill, and especially for that portion of it
which recognizes the independence and estab-
lishes diplomatic relations with the Republic of
Liberia. I am free to confess that my interest in
this State of Liberia was an early and strong one.
To me, whether I look at its past history or at
Us probable future destiny, it is among the most
interesting of modern States. The Government
and people of this country sustain to it a near
and'mtimate relation. It was planted by our care.
It was the fiuit of the labors, the sacrifices, and
the prayers of wise and good men among us. Its
existence in itself is a slight atonement for the
cruelty, the perfidy, and the injustice which, by
us, as by other Christian States, have been lav-
ished on the continent of Africa, the land of God's
sunshine and of man's hate. It is the outpost of
her civilization, the opened gateway through
which the arts of pcace, social order, and Chris-
tianity may enter, and have a permanent foot-
hold.
It is of sufficient commercial importance to just-
ify these relations. Every year will develop and
multiply thatcommerce and thebenefits we derive
from it. Other nations have preceded us in the
work of recognition. It was our duty and privi-
lege to have been first in that work.
I am not prepared, Mr. Speaker, to say that the
recognition of an independent State, although it
may have sufficient power to maintain both com-
mercial and political relations with us, is a matter
of absolute duty under the law of nations. It is,
perhaps, what the moral writers would call a duty
of impei feet obligation. But m respect to tins
colony and to the men who have gone out from
this country to plant and train it up, there has
been from the begmmngan assurance of the assist-
ance, the counsel, and the protection of this Gov-
ernment; and the recognition on our part is re-
quired by good faith as well as sound policy. The
commercial considerations, and some of the politi-
cal , appl y with equal force to the republic of Hayti.
If, Mr. Speaker, there were no elements enter-
ing into the discussion of this question but the
relations which the republic of Liberia holds to-
day to the rest of the civilized world, the import-
ance of its commerce, of its capacity to maintain
—as it has for years maintained —an independent
Government, with the fact that two of the most
powerful nations of the earth have already recog-
nized its independence, there would have been no
discussion of tins bill. The only ground of ob-
jection, as I understand, is that thatState has been
planted and built up by an inferior race of men—
by black men.
I have no desire to enter into the question of
the lelauve capacity of races. But if the infe-
liority of the African race were established, the
inference as to our duty would be very plain. If
this colony has been built up by an inferior race
of men, they have upon us a yet stronger claim
for our countenance, recognition, and, if need be,
protection. Theinstincts of the human mind and
heart concur with the policy of men and Govern-
ments to help and protect the weak. I understand
that to a child or to a woman I am to show a
degree of forbearance, kindness, and ofgentleness,
even, which I am not necessarily to extend to my
equal.
Then, sir, this colony is founded by black men,
and not by white. This is what the lawyers call
a colorable plea. If my friend ftom Ohio [Mr.
Cox] had introduced a resolution that all com-
merce should be interdicted with the Black Sea,
or with the " yellow Tiber," I should not have
been more surprised. I am not aware that the j
law of nations or the comity of nations recognizes i
the distinction between black and white men, and \
it is rather late to attempt to ingraft it upon the
code. 1
I understand, on the other hand, thatupon the
question of admission to the society of nations,
the law looks to the capacity of the State to main-
tain self-government, its capacity for political and
commercial relations, and Us general conformity
to the usages and manners of civilized States.
Mr. COX. I ask my friend from Massachu-
setts whether the law of nations does not apply
now, without this recognition of Liberia and
Hayti, and whether we can make the law of na-
tions apply by passing this act of Congress?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will an-
swer the question with pleasure, if within the
rules of the law of nations the States of Liberia
and Hayti are now independent Powers, then it
is plain that by this resolution we recognize only
an existing status or fact. I do understand,*Mr.
Speaker, that the republics of Liberia and Hayti
to-day belong to the society of States; but what
we have to pass upon now is, whether this nation
will affirm their admission and hold with them
commercial and diplomatic relations, and if so, to
what extent? If the position of my friend from
Ohio be right, as I dare say it is, that they are.
already independent States, then "we are doing no
harm surely in recognizing and confirming what
other nations have done.
But the precise question is, whether we can
fairly regard the fact of the color of the race by
which the State has been built up and maintained
in deciding this matter. My position is, that by
no just application of the principles of interna-
tional law can that distinction be made. Nor is
the question before us a question of taste, much
less of narrow prejudice. The question whether
a minister from a foreign State is to be received is
to be determined on higher grounds. Personal
objections are sometimes interposed. Nations
decline to receive as ministers persons whose
residence would, by the laws or usages of the
country, be inadmissible. But I am not aware of
rejection from the hue of the skin.
President Roberts, of the Republic of Liberia,
was here some years ago. Many gentlemen will
recollect him. No man who had seen him, and
conversed with him, or who knew anything of his
character, would for a moment object to his ap-
pearing here as minister of that republic to this
Government. Such a man would not infect even
the pure air of the capital, nor would he be much
cowed by the presence of a superior race.
But, as I have before said, Mr. Speaker, this
is not a question of taste. It is a question of the
fair application of the principles of international
comity. It is a question as to whether this peo-
ple have so built up a State as to have a fair claim*
for the recognition of this Government.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that if we are to make
this recognition, and to establish these relations,
this is not the proper time to do so. Why not
the proper time? This State has been in a condi-
tion to maintain these relations with us for anum-
ber of years. But a portion of the representation
of this country is absent tit this time! Notbyour
fault, Mr. Speaker. Congiess is not to cease to
exercise the functions of legislation because men
or States are not here to attend to the public in-
terests. If they choose to forego their privileges,
we must, nevertheless, discharge our duties. If
a few of our friends here should absent themselves
from our discussions, we should not consider our-
selves under any obligation whatever, on that ac-
count, to give up the ordinary woik of legislation.
I cannot be influenced by the consideiation that
States have neglected the duty imposed upon them
by the Constitution. We are to determine this
question upon the same considerations and from
the same motives as if tins rebellion had not oc-
curred.
Mr. Speaker, so far from being deterred from
this recognition by this question of race, I would
make this recognition the sooner because it was
some measure of atonement to a grossly wronged
and injured race. While lam ready, on every
occasion, in this House and elsewhete, to recog-
nize and affirm the rightfu^ power of the States
over their domestic institutions, I am not to con-
ceal from myself the fact that from the beginning
of tiie history of the country to this hour, our
eontse as a people towards that race has been one
of cruelty and injustice.
Theie are two things m this country which are
often confounded, but which are not very nearly
akin—hatred of the slaveholder, and love of the
