1572
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
warfare, and is now firmly established as part of the Euro-
pean law of nation:?. Willi regaid to movable property the
law Is not so moderate in it* treatment. Movable prop-
erty is stili eonsfdejed as liable to seizuie; but by the pt.tc-
tice of modern warfaie, tin* also is frequently respected,
the right of.-cizmg movable property being relinquished lor
the right of levyingrequlsitionsor forced contributions, and
as long as these are supplied all other movable property is
respected by the hostile force, and cannot be taken unless
Said for, excepting such cases a* where towns are taken
y assault, or where retaliation is used for the conduct of
the enemy. It is hardly necessary to say that such respect
for private property was not shown by the Frcnch armies
during the last war ; but the practice, as above stated, is
now considered as the general usage of civilized nations."
Such, then, Mr. President, Iiind to be the lim-
itations upon our power, to seize and take prop-
erty from the citizens of the seceding States, if
we elect to regard them as belligerents or public
enemies.
I speak now of the right of seizure for purposes
of confiscation, and not of the proceedings neces-
sary to its condemnation after seizure. By the law
of nations, no department of the Government ran
be authorized to seize for confiscation or to confis-
cate the real estate of the private citizen, which
this bill proposes to do. By that law also, the
right of seizing movable property on land has
been well nigh, if not entirely abandoned, with
the single exception that I shall hereafter allude
to, to wit, the right to seize and detain the prop-
erty of non-resident enemies found in our own
territory upon the declaration of war or the com-
mencement of hostilities, which the better author-
ities teach us should be detained but not condemned,
except to retaliate for similar acts of our enemy.
By this bill, it is proposed to issue a legislative
decree of confiscation against a class of people,
depriving them of the right of ownership in all
their property, and afterwards to send among them
agents to execute that decree by gathering up the
booty and spreading desolation and misery, I fear,
throughout their land.
'•Then, Mr. Piesid-ent, I assume that the author-
ities cited on the subject clearly show that the
wholesale seizure of movable property on land,
as contemplated in this measure,and notattompted
to be justified under the plea of forced supplies to
the invading army, is in direct contravention of
the plain principles of international law. There
must be some limit to the poweis of our Govern-
ment, even in the midst of hostilities, when zeal
and anger too often disregaid the means used in
the accomplishment of n desired end. Either the
Constitution in its plain language, or that system
of reason, justice, and molality digested by the
experience of ages, and adopted by the general
consent of civilized nations, must be the limit of
congressional power. In my judgment, the Con-
stitution is the limit. I believe not only that all
can be done that is necessary to crush out the re-
bellion m strict accordance with that instrument,
but I honestly believe that the Union cannot be
maintained except in obedience to us provisions.
By this I would not be understood as claiming en-
tire perfection for the Constitution, but 1 believe
it sufficient for the present emergency, and that it
cannot safely be departed from now. If changes
in the future should be thoughtdesirable, let them
be made as contemplated in the instrument itself,
and not be effected by legislative usurpation, en-
forced by bayonets, in the midst of these danger-
ous convulsions. By such a course we ourselves
may he the sufferers.
The learned author of this bill must admit that,
however desirable or soothing it might be to the
feelings of an outraged nation to punish promptly
the leaders m this mischief, a legislative attainder
of the rebels is not practicable under the Consti-
tution. 1 apprehend he will admit that, though
Congress within its constitutional sphere may en-
join what shall be done or what shall not be done,
and may prescribe penalties to secure obedience
to the injunction, yet it cannot, under our form of
Government, undertake to judge of the violation
and inflict tiie penalty. This could not be done
if the accused were at the bar of the two Houses.
The attempt to do it, in the absence of the parties
to be affected, is a most dangerous assumption of
judicial magistracy, falling directly within the
prohibition against the passage of 44 bills of at-
tainder,' which are defined by our Supreme Court
to be " acts that may affect the life of an individual
or may confiscate his property, or both/'
If it be claimed that the Constitution authorizes
the seizure, it mustenher be by virtue of the power
of eminent 4<©main ,► in igrhicfr case it must be de-
manded for the " public use," and when taken
"just compensation" shall be made, or it must
follow as a consequence of the legally ascertained
guilt of the owner. I am aware that the right to
seize property is sometimes derived from the ille-
gal use of the article itself, to which I will here-
after refer.
It will scarcely be pretended that the seizure in
this case is for condemnation to " public use" un-
der the power of eminent domain, for the property
is not needed for the legitimate purposes of the
Government, nor is it desirable that the Govern-
ment shall become the purchaser of the property,
of all the rebels, upon the plan of " just compen-
sation" therefor. It not being practicable by the
meie exertion of legislative power to dissolve the
tenure by which the owner holds his property
and no sentence of guilt having been passed upon
him, by which it may be seized, as a punishment
for crime, it becomes difficult in my view, to rec-
oncile the proposed action to the plainest prin-
ciples of the Constitution. But suppose, for the
sake of the argument, it be admitted that the ex-
istence of a state of hostilities givessome new vir-
tue to the Constitution, which,however doimant
in peace, becomes developed in war, and author-
izes Congress to do whatever may tend to its
successful prosecution, and that the seizure of the
enemy's propeityis an efficient means towards
the accomplishment of this end, yet the difficulties
in the way of executing other provisions of the
bill are not in the least diminished. It cannot bo
seriously urged that in the exercise of implied
powers, or even to sccure the blessings indicated
in the preamble of the Constitution, Congiess
may, in its discretion, usurp powers that are
specifically denied in the instrument itself.
For instance, ex post facto laws should not be
passed as an incident to the power " to define and
punish puacies or felonies on the high seas," nor
could a " tax or duty be laid on articles exported
from a State" under the general power " to lay
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises;"
and in the same manner preference could " notbe
given to the ports of one State over those of an-
other" under the grant of power " to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
States." This bill proposes not only to seize the
property of the individual, but it assumes of its
own force to pass the title from the citizen to the
Government. Let it be granted that when Con-
gress shall have " declared war," or hostilities
shall exist under the exercise of the power "to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress msuneetions or repel
invasions," such acis may be passed as " shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution "
the said powers, yet it cannot well be urged that
this positive prohibition of the Constitution may
be disiegarded, which, in peace as well asm war,
has been found to be one of the most important
safeguaids of human liberty, and which declares,
41 nor shall any person be deprived of life, libei ty,
or property without due process of law," which
provision, by all commentators on the law, from
the days of Lord Coke to the present time, as well
as by the decisions of every American court of
record, State and national, where the question has
been brought under review, has been construed to
mean that none shall be deprived of life, liberty
or property hy mere legislative action,or without
regular judicial investigation, according to the
course of the common law. The party to be af-
fected is entitled to his day in coutt, has a right
to know the allegations against him and present
his defense; to hear his accusers and to have pro-
cess to show the falsehood of charges against him,
and to have his rights adjudged by an impartial
tribunal, separate and distinct from the executive
or legislative departments of the Government.
Then 1 am justified in my conclusion that the
proposition to seize and take into possession the
private property of the enemy, not contraband of
war and not actually used in the interest of the
rebellion, is notauilionzed by the plain reading of
the Constitution; and, secondly, if under the war
powers of the Government, tins right be even ad-
mitted, as a means of weakening the rebels and
hastening the period of their submission to the
supremacy of law, I am yet at a loss to discover
how the title of this property can be affected so ,as
to protect the Government from liability to pay
its value after peace has been declared. In other
words, if it be coj),tended that the clause of Ihs
Constitution protecting the citizen against depri-
vation of property " without due process of law"
does not interfere with the right to seize and tem-
porarily hold the property of the rebel as a means
of subduing the lebellion, but that it refers only
to the ultimate overthrow of title and prohibits
the loss of property without the right of final com-
pensation or redress, still, as the measure under
consideration proposes to do both these things—
to seize the property and change the title without
judicial investigation and without payment—it is
certainly obnoxious to the charge of violating this
express provision of the Constitution.
I have attempted to show that under the public
or international law, even if the Constitution be
" silent in the midst of ai ms," the proposed cap-
tures on land cannot be made. But the able au-
thor of this bill says:
" The right of seizure and confiscation of the property of
the enemy as piize of war is a settled piinciple of inter-
national law, which has been affirmed by our own Supreme
Court."
In support of this strong position the case of
Brown vs. The United States is referred to, and
which I propose soon to examine. Should the
Senate come to the conclusion that " the right of
seizurewhetheron land or on sea, (this language
of the Senator being intended evidently to include
both,) is " a settled principle of international law,"
yet they must reject, on authority beyond question,
the public right of confiscation, without judicial
proceedings to condemn the property seized.
Under our Constitution, I have endeavored to
show, that neither the captures nor the condemna-
tion can be justified, as designed in this measure.
Now in refeience to the con vei sion or confiscation
of captures under the public law: if that law be
appealed to, for the purpose of justifying this
strange proceeding which proposes to change, as
if by the wand of the magician, the title of millions
of dollars woith of propeity, even before the
touch, much less the possession of the new ownnr,
such proceedings will appear only to have been
tolerated, if at all, in*an age less enlightened than
the present, and cotemporaneously perhaps with*
the right to seize indiscriminately the personal
property of an enemy. For many yeais no such
captures have been made on land from private
citizens, and even in regard to captures made on
S"a, to which the more rigoious severities of past
ages are yet applied, Manning, in his Law of
Nations, (page 382,) says:
"Sentence of condemnation by a pnzo court l«? at the
pie^ent dnv considered neoes-aiy to complete the tian'ler
of maritime puzes ftotn ihe original owner to the captor.
Foimeily, to have taken eapunod ptoperfy iufya prc^xdia,
to have conveyed it into the captot's pott-, oi into the
midst of in? fleet, or to have had it in undir-pufted posses-
sion for twenty four hour-, was deemed furficleut to con-
stitute ptizes the propeity of the captors."
The doctrine that condemnation is now required
is confirmed by De Martens and by Lampredi,
and is laid down by Sir William Scott:
" It is not being thought tit m civilized society that prop-
eity of this) sou should be converted without the sentence
of a competent couit."—Rob R., iv, 55.
The same rule has been laid down by the Su-
preme Court of the United States in the case of
Jecker vs. Montgomery, (13 Howard, 515,) in-
volving a capture hy our Government fiom Mex-
ican subjects on the coast of California during the
war with Mexico, in which an attempt at con-
demnation had been made at Monterey by an
agent appointed and commissioned by the Presi-
dent for that purpose. The court, after deciding
that the question of prize or no prize can alone be
tried by the courts of the country, and that all
judicial power of the Government is vested m a
Supreme Court, and such inferior courts as may
from time to time be established, <£c., and that
the tribunal in question had no authonty to decide
upon rights in prize cases, proceed to say:
" As a general lule, it is the duty of the captoi to bring it
[the enptmed property} within the iui ir-dietion of a pwze
court oi the nation to which he belongs, and to institute
pioceeding* to have it condemned. This is icqmred hy the
act of Congress? in cases ot captuie by ship1? of war of the
United States: and this act meiely enfoices tiie perform-
ance of a duty imposed upon the captor by the law of na-
tion!?, which m ail civihz'-d countrio heeures to the eap-
tmed a tnal in anoint of competent jurisdiction, befoic he
can be filially depiived of lus piopeity.''
Justice Story, in delivering his dissenting opin-
ion in the case of Brown vs. The United States,
(and which opinion on this branch of tiie subject
js confirmed by the ruling of the court,) says:
" In no caso whatsoever, that I recollect, have Congr-ess
