550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
has been made," Though you are entitled to de-
mand one thing, you shall, perforce, remain sat-
isfied with the'doing of another." It proposes to
say, " Although you have agreed to pay gold and
silver, you shall he discharged upon the payment
of these notes; although you are entitled to de-
mand gold and silver, you shall rest contentwith
the reception of this paper." It proposes, 111 one
word, to release the one party from the obliga-
tion of his contract, and to divest the other party
of the right which has been vested in him by that
contract. Sir, I am sure I need only state the
proposition to shock the mind of the legal profes-
sion of the country, so thoroughly has it been im-
bued with the idea of the sanctity of the obligation
of contracts by those who have taught it the benefi-
cent maxims of constitutional law.
As for the rest, this bill provides that it shall be
illegal to make a contract for dealing in gold and
silver coin; or, to state it more exactly, it provides
that whatever executory contracts parties may
make concerning the gold and silver coin of the
country, they shall be discharged upon the per-
formance of another and different duty—by the de-
livery of an equivalent number of dollars in these
notes. Where, sir, does Congress get this power?
Where is the grant to be found? One would sup-
pose that a power like that—a power which in-
volves the impairing of the obligations of such a
vast class of contracts, which proposes to disturb
vested rights to such an immense extent—would
be worthy of a place in the express grants of the
Constitution.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether there would be any ob-
jection to this bill, provided it allowed these notes
to be a legal tender in the payment of debts on all
contracts hereafter arising, wheie there was no
provision in the contract itself to the contrary?
Mr. PENDLETON. I .shall answer that ques-
tion in the course of the argument which i in-
tend to make, and I prefer to answer it in that
way.
I was saying that u powei whose extent was so
great as this was worthy to find a place in the ex-
press grants of the Constitution. 1 had expected
to hear the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
SrAULDiNG,] In his argument upon this subject
yesterday, derive tins power from the power to
" coin money." I am glad he did not, for I think
that no stress of financial difficulties could excite
the honest imagination of any gentleman, even
though upon the Committee of Ways and Means,
to such a degree that he could, even m its wildcat
flights, fancy this power involved in those words.
I expected to hear him derive it from the power
to regulate commerce;" in this I was agreeably
disappointed. 1 know that clause is the stalking-
horse which is made to carry almost every con-
ceivable power which any gentleman has thought
it desirable at any time that Congress should ex-
ercise", and yet 1 know that Mr. Webster, who
attributed to the Govemmentof the United States
more power by reason of that clause than any
other Ameucan statesman of whom I have any
knowledge, expressly,and upon divers occasions,
scouted the idea that by virtue of it, or of any
other clause in the Constitution, such power was
given. I know it is extremely diificult to define
with exactitude all the powers which Congress
may have by virtue of that provision; but, sir, I
think it might be left to any fair-minded man to
say whether a law, which provides that a cer-
tain note issued by the Treasury of the United
States shall be a legal tender in discharge of debts
already accrued, is a fair and legitimate exorcise
of a power to regulate the interchange of commodi-
ties, and their barter and sale.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Spauld-
ing,] in his argument yesterday, deduced this
power from, the general powers of the Govern-
ment. He told us that Congress had power to
lay and collect taxes; to raise and support armies;
to provide and maintain a navy; and that all
power necessary to effectuate these purposes was
expressly given by the geneial giant of the Consti-
tution. If I should admit his statement m the
very language in which he has made it, am I not
entitled to ask whether he has shown us any le-
gitimate connection between making these notes a
legal tender and the power to raise an army? Might
I not ask whether the repudiation of the obliga-
tions of the Government to pay its interest is a
legitimate means for providing and sustaining a
navy ? Whether impairing the obligations of con-
tracts between private individuals throughout the
country will, m any degree, assist the Govern-
ment in its great duty of laying and collecting
taxes? Well ad no demonstration of the neces-
sity or propriety of these means to accomplish
those ends.
The gentleman spoke quite at large in reference
to the sovereign power of the Government. He
told us that this power was not prohibited in the
Constitution. He told us that in times of great
emergency everything may be done exccpt that
which is prohibited; and he read an argument
from the Attorney General, which concludes as
it began, with the proposition that such a power
is not prohibited to Congress. Sir, I ^ repudiate
this whole idea. I think it has no solid founda-
tion in the Constitution. In all its external rela-
tions, standing among the nations of the earth,
the Government of the United States is sovereign,
and is invested with all the attributes of sover-
eignty; but in its relations to its own citizens, in
its iclations to the States, in its relations to its own
constituents, it has no power except that which is
granted. It has no original power; its powers are
all delegated, and delegated by the terms of the
Constitution itself. I repudiate the idea that all
the sovereign power which rightfully resides in
the nation must necessarily find expression in any
department of the Government, whether it be na-
tional or State. I stand upon the provision of the
Constitution, that all power which is not delegated
to the Federal Government is icserved from it;
and that all power which is not delegated to it,
and thereby reserved from it, resides cither in the
States or the people. There are many powers
which are denied by the Constitution to the States,
and yet not delegated to the General Government.
They find their proper repository in the people.
I would call the attention of the gentleman, m
this connection, and in reference to the argument
which lie has made, to the fact that under the
Articles of Confedeiation the Government of the
United St.ites had the power to raise armies, to
provide a navy, to borrow money, and to emit
bills of credit upon the faith of the United States.
And yet the statesmen of that day never, even in
all the distress and pressure of the financial diffi-
culties of the Revolution, supposed that they pos-
sessed any such power as this. They desired that
the bills emitted by the Government should be a
legal tender, and they passed resolutions that they
i ought to be so considered, but they never deemed
j that they had the power to make them such, or
J sought to cxcicisc it.
' Judge Story says:
Other emissions worn subsequently made. The depie-
ciation was natmal,and indeed a necessaiy consequence
of the tact that theic was no fund to redeem them. Con-
gn-s^ iMule.ivoted to give them additional ciedit by d'vhumg
that f hey might to b<- a tender in payment of nil private, and
public debt-*", and that a rental to iceeive the tender aught
to be ;ui puinmnshment of the debt, and recommending
tho Unites to pa-o Mich tender hvwt-. They went evenfur-
thet, and thought ptopjt to declare that whoevet should re-
fuse to receive this prrprt in exchange for any property, as
CuUl and silver, should be deemed an enemy of the liberties of
these United S tat a This eouisoof violence and tenor,
f-o far lioi!) aiding the cumulation of the paper, led on to
htill full I ioi depieeianon. New i-.-ues continued to he made,
until,m rieptemb'M, 1770,the whole <:im ioit exceeded one
bundled and M\lv million* of dollar.l Commentaries
on the Constitution, sec. litol).
It seems that in those days they indulged in the
same hallucinations to which some gentlemen
upon this floor, and many financiers in the coun-
try, seem even yet to be subjeet—that a paper-
money system is the best that can bedevised. So
thought these gentlemen of the Continental Con-
I gross, as they were indulging ill all the luxury of
§300,000,000 of paper money.
" The} indignantly Jipt'llcil the in a rnculai ad-
dres>s, that there could h° any violation of the public laith
pledged lor their lcdemption, oi that theie did not exist
ample funds to ledeem them.' They indulged m still moie
euraoidmaiv delusions, and vcntuiedto ic commend paper
mone\ as ot peeuliai value. 1 Let it be remembeied,5 said
they,1 tlnit paper money is the only kind of monev which
cannot make to itself wing^ and awaj.' 2 Sto) i/ on
Constitution, bee. 1359
When I come to examine the powers of Con-
gress, according to the principles of interpretation
to which 1 have .said I adhere, 1 look to the grants
of the Constitution. I find no grant of this power
in direct terms, or, as I think, by fair implication,
it is not an accidental omission; it is not an omis-
sion through inadvertency; it was intentionally
left out of tho Constitution, because it was de-
signed that the power should not reside in the
Federal Government.
Prior to the adoption of the Constitution the
States had nearly all—perhaps all—emitted paper
money, and had made ita legal tender in the pay-
ment of debts. It was designed originally to for-
bid to the States the exercise of that power, and
to delegate it to the Federal Government; and,
accordingly, the first draft of the Constitution
reported by the committee of revision contained
a clause prohibiting this power to the States, and
another clause granting to the Federal Govern-
ment the right " to borrow money and emit bills
on the credit of the United States." fWhen that
clause came up for discussion, as it appears from
page 1343 of the third volume of the Madison
Papers—
" Mr. Gouvrrneur Morris moved to strike oate and emit
bills on the credit of the United States ' He said if the
United States had credit, such bills* would be unnecessary ;
if they had not, unjust and useless.
u Mr. Butler seconded the motion."
Mr. Madison thought it was advisable to leave
in the Constitution the provision that Congress
might emit bills of credit, and to deprive Congress
of the power of making them a legal tender. He
suggested—
" Will it not be sufficient to piohilnt the making them a
tender ? This will remove the temptation uvcrriit them with
unjust views. And pvomissoiy notes, in that shape, may
in some emergencies be best."
A very sharp debate followed upon the proposi-
tion to strike out from the Constitution the clause
conferring that power:
"Mr.Ellsworth thought this a favorable moment to
shut and bar the door against paper money. The imsehiefri
of the vanotts cxpeuments which had been made weie now
ttesh in the public mind, and had excited the disgust of all
the !ej*pectable part of America. By w ithholding the power
ftoinihe new Government, moiefnends of influence would
be qamed to it than by almost an} thing else. Paper money
can m nociV-e be necessary. Give the Government credit,
and othei resources will oft'ei. The power may do harm,
nevei good." ********
" Mr. BcTLm remarked, that paper was a legal tender in
no country m Euiopc. He was indent for disaiming the
Government of such a power" * * * * *
u Mi. IIcad thought the vvoids, if not stnick out, would
lie a-* aLumtng as the marie of the beast in Revelation."
-£Mr. LvxtrDON had rathei reject the whole plan than
return the tlnee woid<, c and emit bills.' "
And on the motion to strike out those words from
the Constitution, it was decided by a vote of nine
States "aye," find two States " no." The follow-
ing was the vote:
AYES—New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, Virginia, North Carolina, South
Caiolma, and Gcoigia—9.
NOES—New Jeiscy and Maryland—2.
Mr. Madison has appended a note which I de-
sire to read:
" Tins vote in the affirmative by Virginia was occasioned
bv tho acquiescence of Mi. Madison, who became satisfied
that striking out the woids would not disable the Gov^t n-
ment funn the use of public notes, as far as they could be
sale and proper, and would only ctit off the pietextfora
paper cunenci/, and paiticulaily i'or making the bills a tender
either for puDlic or private debts."
And so thoroughly was that understood to be
the meaning and policy of the Government that
none of the early statesmen of the country, either
those who had been present at the time of the
making of the Constitution or those who followed
so closely after us that they were familiar with
those who did m^ke it, even suggested that such
a power existed.
Mr. Hamilton, certainly, agentleman who was
in favor of enlarging to the utmost the powers of
the Government, m his very first report to Con-
gress upon the subject of a national bank, takes
a distinction between the emission of bills by the
Government and the creation of a bank with
power to emit its own bills. In that famous
repoiton a national bank, m 1790, he uses this
language:
"The emitting nf paper money by the authority of the
Government is wisely piobibited to the individual States
bv the national Constitution ; and the spnit of that piohibt-
tfou ought not to be dinregaided by the Government of the
United States. Though paper emissions, under a gem-ial
authority, might have bomc advantages not applicable, and
be nee liom some di&advantuges which arc applicable to
the like emissions by the States separately, jet tliev an- of
a natine so liable to abuse—and, it may even bo aflitmi d,
f-o ceitain of being abided—thatthc wisdom of the Gou-m-
mei't will 1>,( -bown m never tin-tins* itself with th<> ti-e of
so seducing and dangerous an expedient. In time? of tian-
qutliuy it might have no ill consequence; it might even
perhaps be managed m a way to be productive of guo<) ;
but, in great and trying emei senck thete is almost a moui
ceiiainty oi its beeommg nn-elnevoi^. The ^tampm^ oi^
paper is an operation so much easier than the laying of
