552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
debtof the United States, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the* House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of consid-
ering the Army bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman that the committee must proceed with
the special order if the House goes into commit-
tee without first postponing the special order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, to postpone
the spccial order in committee until to-morrow.
There being no objection, the motion was re-
ceived, and agreed to.
ARHY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Before the vote is taken upon that motion, how-
ever, I move that general debate upon House bill
No. 209 be closed in one hour after the bill shall
be taken up in committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The first motion of Mr. Stevens was then
Agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Holman in the
chair.)
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 209) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending June 3D, 18G2.
CONDUCT OF THE "VVAIt.
Mr. GURLEY. Mr. Chairman, I do not rise
for the purpose of making a long speech, hut sim-
ply to offer a few suggestions in reference to that
great struggle in which our Government is en-
gaged, having for Hs object the suppression of
treason and rebellion, and the preservation of a
nation's honor and life. Sir, it m useless, in my
judgment, to attempt to disguise a fact now almost
everywhere recognized, that we must lmveamoie
active and practical war policy in this £Iousc, in
the Cabinet,but more especiaflyin the field, or we
may prepare for a war of several years' duration
both domestic and foreign. As we have been going
on, and as we are now proceeding in the military
campaign, when a few more months have gone by,
it would be no strange thing if the southern con-
federacy should be acknowledged by foreign Pow-
ers; anu when that takes place, if ever, our Govern-
ment will stand before the civilized woild not only
humiliated, but utterly diagramed.
But what means this long delay in attacking the
rebellious forces3 Sir, our Army has long been
ready and anxious to fight, ourHoldiers are binn-
ing with a desire to strike at tho traitors — the
madmen who have risen up against (he best Gov-
ernment in the world—and our subordinate offi-
cers are chafing and panting for the buttle-field;
but what avails oil this5 They have earnestly
cast about for a bold and darmsf leader, ready for
the great contest; but wheie is he? Sir, echo
answers in the far distance—whoe is he? It is
painful to confers the real truth on this subject at
this late day. Thus far they and the country have
looked in vain for a* commanding general—a com-
mander-in-chicf, J mean—who has exhibited the
will and the requisite enterprise and genius to lead
our forces on to victory. But why not fight5
What lion is that which stands in the way?' Is
it feared that if we do fight somebody will get
hurt? or is the ghost of Bull Run still ho\eiing
about and haunting the minds of our command-
ing generals? Sir, \vc have lost more men in
camp by ordinary disease and sickness during
the last five months than we should have lost, in
all human probability, in half a dozen geneial en-
gagements in the field. Not only so; hundreds
of millions ot money have been spent, and one of
the lasgest armies of the world gatheied, only to
remain, it would seem, comparatively idle, and to
become weak and demoralized by inactivity in
camp. So much, however, is now certain: if we
would any longer have the respect of our own
people; if we would continue mighty in the means
to prosecute this war, and receive the moral sup-
port of the world, we must delay no longer, but
strike out boldly for victory, and trust the result
to good powder, strong arms, well-aimed guns, to
God and his providence. Far better is it to meet
with occasional reverses and defeats than to re-
main. in the inglorious and passive condition of
the past; for who does not know that our Army
will never became^m overwhelming power till our
men are practiced in the field under the fire of the
enemy ?
We must now fight or be disgraced! Yes, sir,
fight as only men can who are on the side of jus-
tice, right and human freedom—otherwise our
people will become discouraged and disgusted,
the Treasury bankrupt, and the Government be
brought into utter contempt.
Do you reply that there is a general who stands
in the way of the onward march of our troops,
who holds in firm check more than half a million
of men 5 Then I say take him out of the way, and
let his place be occupied by another, if this is the
only remedy forso terrible an evil. Generals are
nothing of themselves in this great contest, when
thrown into the balance against the honor and in-
tegrity of the Union. Sir, if the angel Gabriel
had command of our forces, and he failed to do
his whole duty and march out against the enemy,
I would at once petition that court to which he
holds allegiance, and ask for his instant dismissal.
This war has reached a point where kid gloves,
pleasant words and gilded promises are of no fur-
ther use. The exigencies of the hour demand hard
words, and still harder blows; for remember, this
contcst must close, either in the ruin of a Repub-
lic that has filled the eyes of the best men of the
world with admiration, and possibly the destruc-
tion of civil and religious freedom in America, or
in the more perfect supremacy of law and order,
and the renewed stability of our cherished institu-
tions. 1 have firm faith in the latter result, for I
long since learned that great revolutions move the
world forward, but backward never.
Mr. Chairman, it is a sound maxim, I believe,
that we should learn of our enemies whenever we
can; and in pursuance of that I shall now ask the
Clerk to read an extract from a Richmond (Vir-
ginia) paper, which, I am sure, will help us to
realize some of our military errors and blunders,
and prepare the way for something better in the
future.
The Cleik read, as follows:
" The Rebels Prompting the Federal Government.
uThe developments of the last louj weeks oi the war
luvr boon the mo- t lotnurknblu that have occuned duung
Us mure progiess. The beginning of Decembei saw the
Yankees in lull fotee, apparently icady for decisive battle at
ail Hie. impoiiant points on the. frontier. On the Potomac
they had the bent appointed mmy on the continent, stated
by their own authouiies to be two hundred thou^md strong.
In Kentucky thev had massed together t\\ o immense forces
of thuty lo lVty thousand each, which mennci'd Columbus
and Howling Giern, and all indication*, pointed with cer-
tainty to an immediate advance upon out lines at a tune
\v!k n we weie weak and poorly able to withstand aosault
fiom iicavv columns Zoliiootfcr wn  ptes^ed before Cum
IkmLiihI (Jap by a ioiee moie than double hit* own; Pound
(Jap was at the meic> oi NcKou, having only a thousand
men to oppose against ten thour-and ; Ros<„eian* wa^ on the
thiuley wnli an mmv winch lie now eonfe^o* to have been
iiitecn thousand stiong, against Flouh having only twenty-
tin ee bundled; Key Holds was on Cheat Mountain with live
thousand, opposed by Johnson with only t wet v poi fouiteen
bundled; and Sherman had succeeded in hauling fifteen or
t'lenty thousand men at Beaufoit, while we had in that region
at the time but a J cm thousand forces, little beltei than militia,
poorly piovidcd with arms and ammunition. And. to down
all, the splendid weather invited them to the c ba'ige.
Then was pi evented the uolden oppurtiinuj toVtnke at
eveiv one of these points. JJold, ctfcdiicblous* sh uhen then
simultaneously hi/ all then armies, could 7Jot have failed to
ciush our strength, in general quarters, and put a gloomy face
upon our aj)cu s. Success atColumbu0 and Bowling (Jtecn
would h:ive been almost annihilating to our fortunes in the
West, Success at Cumbeilaiui and Found Gaps would have
cut our connection^ with Tennessee and Kentucky nre-
tiic\ nb!y. Success m e.ipttnmg oui auny in the Kanawha
would have laid open all middle Western Vuaima next
spiing to the ca^y invasion of the enemy, -i i-i«oroii<; push
from Beaufort upon the Charleston and Savannah raihoad
would hate $ opataicd those tuo cities, and cut our army of the
seabo'ird in tico.
Hut the enemy have let the golden opportunity blip
tlnough their fingers. Thexi have allowed us time to make
gin/i our defences in every threatened quai ler. The eueitry
of the southern people has been aioused by the imminent
danger, and we are now sate in evety point when; before
we weio so vultieiable. Our danger is passed, and %ee arc
now at liberty to speculate upon the blindness or imbecility
vhich prevented the enemy fiom using an opportunity ichick
will never return to him.
"To what ^ause is the enemv's fadme everywhere to
advanceatmbutable? lteloaily was not due to the want of
men, to the want oi supplies, oi to the want of preparation
in facilities of every character. No troops wore ever better
aimed, better clothed, or better furnished with provisions
and ammunition. This was not only the case with partic-
ular coips, but was the case with all. And yet, though fully
prcpaied lor effective opeiations, though the whole world
was expecting heavy blows* to be suuck and decisive icsults
to be achieved, their armies eveiywhere either remained
slock still, oi ignominiously and most strangely and sud-
denly stampeded fiom an imasinaiy and non-pursuing foe.
" There can he but one solution for this most stiange
phenomenon. The Yankees do not enlist to tight; they
enlist only to diaw pay. The cessation of southern tiade
having put a stop to their factories and mechanical trades,
the operatives have had no other means of livelihood than
enlistment; the clerks and foiomen have, under the tame
necessity, taken Iieutenanteies and captaincies, and the
bosses are foiced to play colonels. They have all gone into
the Army as a means of livelihood, and without any sort
of intention to thiow away their lives. They took to the
Auny to keep body and soul together, and without the
remotest thought of employing that method for sepaiatmg
the two. Accordingly, when MeCluIlan orders an advance
from the Potomac, as he has said to have done repeatedly,
these#rell-fed, well-clothed, well-paid, and salaried men
ot war persistently do not tnaich. So in Kentucky, where
they had every opportunity for a victory ; and so at Beau-
fort, when the panic cieated by their landing invited an
advance. Al) around the frontier they exhibit this same
fi ugal regaid for life and comfort, and the same stolid immo-
bility under orders for an advance. We regard the last four
weeks as decisive of the war, not meiely by its results, or
rather barrenness of results favorable to the enemy, but by
its clear developments of the fact that the Yankees have
enlisted in the Army for a living and with a fixed objection
to hard fighting."—Richmond Dispatch, January 2.
Mr. GURLEY. Every member present and
the whole country will recognize much truth in
the newspaper article. "We have let slip golden
opportunities for crushing out this rebellion, and
for achieving brilliant victories-, we have failed to
follow up signal successes when once landed upon
the enemy's shores; but the declaration that our
men entered the Army for pay, and will not fight,
we all know to be as false as falsehood itself. The
great and only cause of dissatisfaction among our
troops is, that they are not permitted to strike
down the rebels. Call for men for a dress parade,
and about five hundred of a regiment will appear;
make a call in camp for a regiment to go on duty
where fighting is to be done, and nearly every man
will respond, 44 Here am I." This I know to be
true; but there are loud and bitter complaints,
whether just or unjust I will not say here, that
the Commander-in-Chief, the general at the head
of our forces, has held them back for months when
they have often seen victory right before them.
Sir, I prefer no charges against him. That he
is a good and loyal man I have no doubt; that lie
is a brave officer is perhaps true; and that he is a
skillful commander I shall not now question; but
that man does not live, that man does not breathe,
in my judgment, who can command with that suc-
cess required six hundred thousand men,scattered
over a territory extending over two thousand miles;
and yet he has been holding the thread that guides
and controls this vast body of men, larger than
any man of modern times has commanded. In-
deed, sir, the destiny of this great Republic has
long hung upon the volition of his will, for the
Army that must decide the weal or woe of this
country only moves as his mind directs. It re-
quires no great military science to decide, it re-
quires nothing higher than common sense to com-
prehend the fact that it is impossible for a man
standing upon the banks of the Potomac to guide
and control an army in detail a thousand or two
miles distant so as to successfully meet the sudden
exigencies that must arise, requiring almost in-
stant movements and attacks upon the enemy.
Nothing short of omniscience and omnipresence
would qualify him for so vast a responsibility,
and so great a work. No $ther Government in-
vests its generals with such unlimited authority;
and although France and England have aorne of
the best trained, best educated, and ablest gen-
erals m the world, no man has been found high
enough, no man has been found great enough to
receive the supreme command of even three hun-
dred thousand soldiers. Sir, the idea that the des-
tiny of this mighty Republic, with its Army of
half a million men, with its great wealth, its mul-
tiplied interests, its hopes and fears, should ex-
clusively rest with a single general in the field, and
he an untried man, with almost unlimited power,
is not only anti-republican and alarming, but mon-
strous to the last degree. We see the necessity
daily of some division m the military power; of
its being divided by the Commander-in-Chief
among competent generals, widely separated, so
as to bring out emulation, enterprise, and give the
spring to deeds of daring and genuine chivalry.
A part of the tremendous burden thrown upon
