1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
37tii Cong....2b Sess.
United States Notes—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
such armies and provided such navies as this con-
tinent never before saw—such as the world has
rarely seen. I deem those armies and navies
ii necessary and proper" for tlie occasion. To
support those armies and to maintain those navies
I deem the measure before the Senate 4i necessary
and proper."
Those who deny the constitutional authority to
pass this bill must deny its necessity or its pro-
priety. Those who deny its necessity or its pro-
priety ought to show us some plan for avoiding
it, some measure adequate to the emergency and
rpore proper than the one proposed by this bill.
Two months have elapsed since the policy of this
bill has been discussed, and no one of its oppo-
nents has yet produced a substitute. The total
neglect to offer a substitute is prima facie evidence
of xlie necessity for this. But it is not the only
evidence of that necessity. It is evident that no
substitute can be provided, except it be taxation
or direct loans.
I have already said that taxation is inadequate
to the supply demanded for this terrible occasion.
No nation of modern times has been able to pro-
vide from taxes alone the immense sums we are
called upon to expend. I will presently show that
direct loans are quite as impracticable as taxation.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
has argued with great force and plausibility that
the making of these notes a legal tender is uncon-
stitutional because it is unjust and inequitable.
Assuming that the notes of the Government will
be depreciated to half their nominal value, he
proves conclusively that it would be grossly un-
just to enable one who had purchased upon credit
when gold and silver were the; only legal currency
to discharge his debt in a paper worth but fifty per
cent, as much as specie is. The Constitution, he
reminds us, was framed u to establish justice."
This, he rightly concludes, is not justice; and
therefore he argues the Constitution wi[l not sanc-
tion it I have not been able to recognize the con-
clusiveness of this reasoning, and 1 oppose to it
these considerations:
1. Making a tender for a debt does not dis-
charge it. It only stops the accruing of interest
upon it. Any creditor who is tendered the notes
of his Government if he has no debts of his own
to pay, and cannot lend them to one who has,
ana will not lend them to his Government in ex-
change for its interest-paying stocks, may retain
his security until the notes appreciate or coin is
again recognized as the legal currency.
2. There is no probability that a currency based
upon the resources of a great nation, the whole
of which will be demanded once in each year for
payment of dues to the Government, and which
may be used any time in payment of private dues
so long as any private dues exist, and may be
loaned to the nation upon interest, even after every
individual in the nation has ceased to borrow,
will depreciate fifty per cent, or even live percent.
Nosuch paper ever did depreciate, and none such,
I venture to predict, ever will.
3. But even if it were certain that these notes
would depreciate fifty or seventy-five per cent., it
would by no means follow that Congress lias not
the authority to declare them a tender for debt.
The power to degrade or depreciate the currency
Congress undoubtedly has. It has that by the
clearest terms' of the Constitution. It has the
power to" coin money "and to "regulate the value
thereof." Those powers are unlimited.
It is under those powers that Congress has de-
clared that two hundred and fifty-eight grains,
nine parts of which shall be gold and one part a
mixed alloy of silver and copper, shall be a tender
for ten dollars of indebtedness.
But Congress is restricted to no quality or quan-
tity of metal in coining money. It may as legally
compose the eagle of fifty-eight grains as of two
hundred and fiUy-eight. It may as legally make
it consist of one part of gold and the other nine
parts of alloy as the reverse. It may coin money
of iron or lead as legally as of silver or of copper.
Every Government which has the power to coin
money and to regulate its value Iiqs the power to
degrade it; and monstrous and incurable as is the
injustice of it, many Governments have actually
resorted to such shifts to relieve their necessities
—as England herself did in the reign of William
and Mary.
I have said this circulation must be limited in
amount. So indeed it is. It is limited by the oc-
casion which makes it " necessary and proper."
It is limited by the bill to a sum of $150,000,000.
It is further limited by the opportunity constantly
offered by the Government for funding it. If the
mtereston the public securities shall be fixedatsix
percent., six dollars per hundred will be the precise
bonus offered the holder of the notes to exchange
them for stocks. The public creditor, therefore,
will enjoy this advantage, that whenever money
is worth more than the interest of the stocks he
can receive from the Governmentwhat is equiva-
lent to money. When, on the contrary, money
is worth less than the interest, the notes can be
exchanged for the stocks and the former will be
retired from circulation. I never knew a circu-
latingmedium the quantity of which was regulated
by a law so simple and so self-adjusting as this.
It rises with the demand and it subsides with that
demand. It ebbs and flows with the necessities
of the people. No other medium could be devised
so little apt to tempt speculation, or so little likely
to be followed by distress. With other circula-
tions the tendency is to flood the market when the
market least demands it, and to fly the market
when it is most required. The fundamental law
of money-lending is that the desire to lend is in
the exact proportion, inversely, to the desire to
borrow. If the need to borrow is very urgent, the
disposition to hoard is very strong. If the com-
munity groans for money, money cannot be had.
If, on the contrary, the community is easy and
independent, every bolt is withdrawn, every vault
is thrown open, interest is rcduced, and money is
urged upon it.
Mr. President, the experiment of employing a
currcncy of irredeemable paper is not untried. It
has been severely tested. In 1793, England em-
barked in a war upon the continent. She had
then a population of nine million eight hundred
thousand, while we have a population of more
than thirty millions. Her population was yarded
upon a ^nall and rugged island; ours is spread
over a broad and fruitful continent.
In 1793, the Bank of England had notes in cir-
culation to the amount of <£11,388,939. The ox-
ports of the kingdom were *£16,467,491. Her
tonnage was but little more than one million, her
revenue less than twenty million pounds. She
prosecuted that war four years with specie funds,
the demand notes of the bank, and exchequer bills.
England sickened every day. Her coin was dis-
sipated; her circulation was retired; trade lan-
guished; effort of every kind was paralyzed.
In 1797, England could look upon no single in-
terest within the realm that prospered; there was
no health in her. The languor of her people in-
fected her armies and her navies. Mr. Alison
says:
" Duung these four years one only vietoiy at sea—that of
Ilowe—was achieved. We wercdilven with disgrace Iron)
Flanders, Holland, and tin; north of Germany. Toulon be-
held our standards iccede before the rising star of Napo-
leon. Our continental alliances were all, with the excep-
tion of that with Austria and llus&ia, broken up; and from
the Texel to Gibraltarthe whole coast was arrayed m ficrce
hostility to our arms."
In the year 1796 the publicexpenditures reached
<£37,000,000. The burden bore the exhausted peo-
ple to the earth. Pitt himself was appalled at it.
He declared " it never had been equaled; it prob-
ably never would be surpassed."
On the 26th day of February, 1797, a Cabinet
Council was convened at Whitehall. It was Sun-
day. The king attended. It is said to have been
the only occasion upon which he attended a meet-
ing of the Cabinet on the Sabbath day. The di-
rectors of the bank were ordered to pay out no
more specie "until the sense of Parliament" could
be taken: From that time until 1815—more than
eighteen years—the trade of England was sup-
plied and the Govemmentin a great measure sus-
tained by the use of an irredeemable paper cur-
rency. In fact, the bank did not fully resume the
redemption of its notes until 1820, almost a quar-
ter of a century from the time it suspended. The
period from 1797 to 1815 was one of almost un-
interrupted war. Yet it was a period of almost
uninterrupted and almost unbounded prosperity.
Between these years the circulation of the bank
had increased from =£11,000,000 to <£27,000,000,
besides a circulation of private bank notes in the
latter year of more than <£19,000,000. The dis-
counts of commercial paper had increased from
<£5,000,000 to <£14,000,000. The exports of the
kingdom had increased from <£16,000,000 to more
than <£42,000,000. Her shipping had doubled.
Her revenue from taxation had swollen from
£19,000,000 to the enormous sum of .£72,000,000.
In 1797 England disbursed^37,000,000,and she
staggered from such depletion. Her ministers de-
clared that expenditure could never be surpassed.
In 1815 she disbursed <£117,000,000, and yet the
nation stood erect} her armies swept the field at
Waterloo; she dictated a peace to Europe; she
prescribed a king to France; she prescribed a
prison to Bonaparte. It would sound much like
a bull, but it would be far from a blunder, to say
that the ii golden age" of England was during that
long period when the only currency she knew
was one of irredeemable paper.
Sir, I hope I shall not be understood as insist-
ing that either war or a currcncy of irredeemable
paper arc national blessings. They arc medicines,
and harsh ones. The times must be sadly dis-
eased to warrant the prescription of cither. But
when demanded for the salvation of a State they
should be prescribed without hesitation, and be
taken without grimace. War is the most forbid-
ding of terrors, but it is sometimes as necessary
to the grandeur of a nation as a thunder storm is
to the purity of the atmosphere.
The employment of paper not exchangeable for
coin is undoubtedly dangerous under most cir-
cumstanccs. Employed by a people made giddy
by prosperity, it tempts to over-indulgence and
illegitimate adventure, and it will sink them finally
into the lethargy that follows excess. Employed
by a people stripped of all superfluities, standing
face to face wall actual want, strained to their
utmost endeavor in a crisis, chafed to the quick
by the pressure of a great emergency, and it will
give them strength and courage. Give wine to
one whose appetite is diseased by indulgence, and
he will drink to sottishness and insensibility; put
it to the lips of one perishing fiom exhaustion, and
he will arise and stand upon his feet.
It is said, sir, that in other countries besides
England the experiment of supplying a currcncy
of irredeemable paper has been tried, and that such
experiments have been unsuccessful. That is
true. France tried the experimental the reign of
Louis XIV. But the circumstances under which
it wasj tried by France were very different from
those under which it is proposed to us. France
was precipitated upon no sudaen emergency. She
was not surprised by astern necessity for expend-
itures beyond the capacity of her capital or credit
to supply. She had, on the contrary,exhausted
her people by continuous taxation to supply the
means of profligate expenditure to a luxurious
Court. She had already contracted a public debt,
thcinterestof which she could not pay; and having
demonstrated that the national resources were
inadequate to pay interest on the national debt,
she deliberately proceeded to issue Government
paper, on which she never intended to pay prin-
cipal, and on which she promised no interest.
France tried the experiment again during that
rei^n of terror which succeeded the death of Louis
XVI. But the Government was revolutionary.
The revolution was itself a public protest against
the Government credit. It was a solemn manifesto
of the inability of the people to supply the wants
of a legitimate Government. It was impossible
that confidence thus denied to a legitimate Gov-
ernment should be accorded a revolutionary one.
It had no single claim to credit. It inspired no
belief in its stability, no obedience to its author-
ity, no zeal for its welfare.
The experiment was tried by Austria in the be-
ginning of the piesent century, but it was tried
as it was first tried in France. The Government
had borrowed money until it could no longer pay
the interest, and then appealed to the people to
give credit to notes which promised no interest.
The experiment was tried in this country during
the Revolution. It is on trial now in the southern
States of this Union. It did not work happily in
the Revolution. I am rejoiced to know it is no
more successful in the rebellion. But the leason
is evident. The Government of the Federal Con-
gress was, as that of Mr. Davis is, revolutionary.
It was itself an experiment. The people owed to
