1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it may be urged that bad men have seized upon it
as an effectual means of arraying sectional parties
to gratify personal ambition.
it may be that the unauthorized and wicked dis-
cussions of the subject in Congress, awakening
the zeal of false sympathy on the one side, and
creating a false notion of wounded pride on the
other, which soon ripened into hate and aroused
a spirit of revenge, constitute the true origin of
our tioubles. In this view of the case the remedy
is plain and simple: ccase the bickerings, and all
may yet be well. If adopted years ago, I am satis-
fied thatextrcme men would have lost theirpower
over the public mind, and on this day the Union
would have been as stron<fas when iirstlaunched
upon the sea of political experiment by the purer
men of past days.
The representatives of slaveholding States are
now but few in the councils of the nation. Their
presence here but verifies the great truth that their
constituents love the Union m a spirit of the most
ardent devotion. They may be attached to their
own local institutions, but greater yet is their at-
tachment to the Union of their fathers. The people
of the border slaveholding States, regarding every
otherconsideration as subordinate to the existence
of the Union and the preservation of constitutional
liberty, have cast their future destiny with those
who are represented by the majority oil this floor.
To your fate we are linked for all time. We weep
over your re verses and rejoice over your successes.
So far as we are concerned, we feel that the insti-
tution of slavery in our States is to-day in your
hands for weal or for woo. You may crush it
with the army or drive it to the wall by oppiessive
laws We ore but few, completely at your dis-
posal, unable to retreat if we would and unwilling
if we could. We stand here daily adding new
proofs, if any were required, of our loyalty and
attachment to the Government of our country,
with an intimate knowledge of the springs of this
rebellion and the measures best adapted to its sup-
pression; and when we attempt to use it for the
goud of out finmiion country, we me met by the
railings of a licentious pivss and the outpouimgs
of fo lUiti'-ul oratois outside, who still cling to the
errors of the past and see no virtue in moderation.
I am glad to believe that such ungenerous sen-
timents meet with but little, if any sympathy in
this body. For the rebel himself, who knowing
the character of his crime, has planned this rebel-
lion and urged it on to the great injury of the
countt y I crave no mercy. Make ins punish-
ment if possible commensurate with his guilt,but
protect the innocent. Let us take care of the na-
tional character, preserve our own self-respect,
violate no law of humanity and no principle of the
Constitution, and above all preserve the faith that
the Government has pledged to the people, in
order to arrest the progress of disintegration and
to prevent the rebellion from acquiring such pro-
portions as to overshadow the Govermnentitselt,
we of the border States pledged to our people the
good intentions of the party in power.
We proclaimed to them the patriotic words of
our Chief Magistrate, uttered on the day of his
inauguration:
"I have no purpoj-e, directly or indirectly, to mtcilcre
with the institution of hlaveiy m the States where it exi^te.
1 believe 1 have no lawful light to do so, and I have no in-
clination to do
Long after the void arts ofsecession had become
a pai t of the archives of the confederate States, the
distinguished Secretary of State, Mr. Seward, re-
minded our representatives abroad that—
" The • eceding State- are now. a- they ahvnvs lieretolote
have been, and notwithstanding their trinporaiy Mif-delu-
sion. the} inu-t ah\av-> continue to be. equal arid honoted
liK'nibi'i-" ot tlu> Fedeiat Union, and tli.it their citmen-.
thioughout all political iui>untkT>tnndmg* and alienation--,
still ate and alv\ a\t> must be out kiudied and counttymen."
And again, even after the fall of Fort Sumter, he
announced a fact that gave strength and courage
to the Union men everywhere, that the revolution
was " without cause;" " it has not even a pre-
text;"' that the rights of the States would be guard-
ed, that their " constitutions and laws, customs,
habits and institutions will remain the same,"
should rebellion be suppressed and theUnion pre-
served.
When treason seemed destined to succeed,after
the bloody field of Manassas, we were yetfurthcr
encouraged and sustained by new guarantees of
faith,proclaimed in congressional resolves.that—
" Tlui war ih not waged foi the purpose: of overthrow ing
or interfering with the rights or established institutions of
the States, but to maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion, and to preserve tne Union with ali the dignity, equal-
ity and rights of the several State unimpaired."
But with impatience the question is asked, shall
we devote our energies to the protection of sla-
very, the upholding of an enormous wrong, while
the advocates of the institution are attempting to
destroy the Government? 1 answer, no. I have
no objection to confiscating the property of the
rebel, including his slave; but let it only be done
when guilt has been established under the forms
of judicial investigation.
1 crave this not for the sake of the traitor, but
for our own sake and in behalf of constitutional
liberty. If we cling to the Constitution, whatever
is right will yet be accomplished; if we depart
from its just restraints no man can tell the ex-
cesses of the future. In the midstof storms upon
ocean's wilderness, the mariner's only tiust is
upon his unerring compass. In the midst of a
revolution so vast and terrible as the present,with
armies in the field even greater than those with
which Napoleon brought the nations of Europe
to his feet, our only trust is in the Constitution.
In the plenitude of power to-day, we may deny
mercy to others; to-morrow we may ourselves
cling in vain to the horns of the altar. To-day
we "may insolently disregard the settled convic-
tions of the people, by gross perversions of the
chaiter of their liberties; to-moriow the danger-
ous precedents may be urged to our own ruin.
The inventor of the guillotine, we are told, was
soon forced to test the merits of his own inven-
tion and Haman, by sudden change of fortune,
met the fate he had prepared for the offending
Jew.
If this bill become a law, the slave is left to
pass upon the loyalty of his master and general
i insubordination is the result. All other property
I haung been taken from the owner by the gleaners
,j appointed under the In w, his slave having determ-
ined the disloyalty of his master, and there being
no practical appeal from the decision of the slave,
'i with the definition of " loyalty to the Govcrn-
Jj ment" yet undetermined by learned Senators
| themselves, the emancipated slaves go forth either
to excite insurrection, resulting in their own de-
struction, to remain in the South as thriftless pau-
pers, demanding as at Port Royal, the charity of
the Government, or throwing themselves in large
masses into the northern States to revolutionize
public sentiment and bring curses upon those who
may be esteemed the authors of the mischief.
Pass this bill by which the owner is stripped
of his real and personal property wherever your
armies march, then enact the measure proposed
by the able and excellent Senator from New York,
[Mr. Harris,] by which he is outlawed and driven
from the courts of the land and I have no promises
to make in regaid to future exhibitions of loyal
sentiment in tlie southern States. Let Congress
adopt the course pursued by that practical states-
I man and distinguished soldier who commands the
i department of the Mississippi, pledging the power
of the Government to the protection of life, lib-
erty and property, and our battles like his will be
victories—victories beneficial alike to the victor
and the vanquished, lemoving prejudice, reform-
ing sentiment and regenerating the public mind.
Sir, I think I know something of the power of
moral influence needed for success m this war.
The conspirators have succeeded in shutting out
truth from the South: in making them believe that
northern hordes desiie their lands, their homes
,! their negroes, their property of every kind. We
cannot now remove that error without marching
■ .unites among them. Three fourths of the peo-
! pie are laboring under this delusion. When we
arrive among them with armies sufficient to crush
them and verify their worst fears, if the Govern-
ment again clothes them with piotection and by
paternal kindness convinces them of the folly of
] their ways, the power of the rebellion is broken;
' the masses return to their allegiance and the na-
! tion might safely trust the punishment of the
wicked conspirators to the vengeance of their own
• citizens whom they have deceived and ruined. Let
I justice, even mercy mark our conduct; and when
, the Union is restored as it soon must be, it will be
i cemented in new bonds of affection, and strength-
1 ened by cords of mutual confidence and attach-
| mcnt, defying the shocks of future convulsions.
I It should however be pi ockumed aloud that this
war shall never cease until every State shall have
enrolled itself under the old flag, and acknowl-
edged the supremacy of the Federal Government.
Civilization demands the integrity of the Untori;:
humanity requires the settlement of all differences
at present, lest, unadjusted,they produce newton-
flicts to disturb our peace in the future. If slavery
or anything else stands in the way of this consum-
mation, let it be swept from the face of the land.
But let no property be destroyed, no institution
overthrown, cxcept as an incident to the restora-
tion of theUnion—a work to which the patriotism
of every good man is to-day committed.
If our legislation be such as to cement the south-
ern mind against us and -drive new armies of ex-
cited and deluded men from the border States to
espouse the cause of rebellion, it is vain to hope
for that restoration of good will and confidence
without which success itself is a barren achieve-
ment, and even to obtain this barren result will
cost us the lasting bankruptcy of the nation. Let
us cultivate the Union sentiment of the South and
drop our inquiries after radical measures that may
destroy it. It is by means of this sentiment alone
that the Union can be made desirable. Let us
hope then that it may extend as the circling waves
upon the surface of the troubled sea, until it shall
reach the limits of the nation; and when the calm
of peace shall have returned, may union, fraternity
and love be everywhere reflected from the bosom
of the deep. %
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from New York
will give way, I should like to move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing, of an executive
character, were received from the President of the
United States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 8, I8GQ.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton-.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular busi-
ness in order to be the consideration of the amend-
ments'reported by the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon House bill No.
312.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Wickliffe] may have the privilege of read-
ing the resolution in reference to the action of the
Federal Government in interfering with slavery in
the States. I would read it; but that gentleman
reads it with so much emphasis and unction that
it is a pleasure to hear him. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. Mcpherson, i object.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 shall take occasion to
make a few comments, if I have the liberty to read
it. I do not intend to read the text, unaccom-
panied with appropriate comments.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the present ses-
sion of the Thirty-Seventh Congress be adjourned without
day on the third Monday of May next.it twelve o'clock, m.
ISLAND NUMBER TEN.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, read
the following dispatch:
Steamer Benton, off Island No. 10,
*3pill 7, 3.2o, a. m.
Hon. Gidfon Wflle s :
Two offn-er^ of tiic navy have this instant boarded us
fiom Island No. 10, •statins That, by order of their com-
manding officer, they are ordered to Himendor Island No.
1(1 fo the eommandei. As these officers know nothing of
the batteries on Tennessee *hor<. f h«<ve sent Captain
I'helps to a*ccrtam someming definite on the subject.
