1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
the shoulders of our young general should be re-
moved and divided in a way to call out the best
energies of the best officers, and at the same time
secure general unity of action. Had this been
done months ago, I have no doubt that the suc-
cess of our arms would have been as signal as
glorious; but thus far our commanders appear to
have been the victims of some fixed, unalterable
plan, the fruit of onfi mind, which plan, after nil,
has succeeded in accomplishing only one marked
result, namely, preventing five hundred thousand
men from attempting precisely what they came
together to accomplish—to fight and whip the en-
emy. They have not been permitted to move for-
ward, however certain the prospect of victory in
the minds of officeis iri immediate command, lest
some favorite scheme should be marred or ruined
by precipitating a general engagement.
Will it bo said that no one can know so well
when a division of the Army may safely advance
as the commanding general in Washington ? That
may be where he has an immediate supervision;
but why should officers of equal ability, who are
in the valley of the Mississippi, a thousand miles
distant, with their men, who are familiar with the
country and the position of the enemy, and know
from personal observation just ivhen and where to
strike, be compelled to wait for special oiders from
here before they can make an advance?
Sir, I wish just in this place to notice one re-
markable fact connected with this war. Eight out
of ten of the subordinate officers and soldiers in
our Army, the very men who are to bare their
breasts before the fire of the enemy, the very men
who must receive the shock of battle and the ram
of bullets, arc precisely those who complain most
because they are not permitted to go forward and
fight. Those upon the ground, and who see and
know the danger, and realize the strength of the
rebels, ought to be able to form a correct judg-
ment as to whether they can whip them or not.
Leave the question to them, and ten outof twelve
would vote that there lias been no necessity for
the delay of the last four months.
But what is that great plan which has stood in
the way of our onward movement? 1 reveal no
secrets, 1 presume, for I shall only lepeat what
the newspapers have published, and we all know
they never tell stories, only indulge iri occasional
flights of fancy ! I shall state what I think is true;
that the plan was to strike at all points at once—
a simple impossibility; make a simultaneous at-
tack upon the enemy east and west. Every ar-
rangement was to be made in Missouri, Kentucky,
and Virginia, and preparations perfected as far as
could be, so that, as by a single tick of the clock,
all would rush upon the enemy at once and crush
the monster rebellion at a single blow. What lias
been the practical working of this, or if not this,
ofany other plan? Oar Army has been five months
getting ready for its realization—waiting impa-
tiently for the nice and precise adjustment of all
parts of the machinery of this scheme; but as the
enemy is not ahke weak m all places, being strong
in some and weak m others at any given time, we
are as far from its execution as we were last sum-
mer; and whatever our Army now accomplishes
must be accomplished as the troops in Kentucky
have recently and gloriously done, not by a signal
fiom Washington—if they wait for that they will
never do anything—but by striking boldly at the
enemy when and where you can find him. So far
as the Potomac is concerned, however, wo are
compelled to say, " The harvest is past, the sum-
mer is ended, and we are not saved.'" We must
now drop all such impracticable plans and fight,
or be, called a nation of cowards.
Why should the great Army of the Un ion remain
idle when the people everywhere, soldiers and
civilians, aie imploring foi and demanding active
movements against the rebels in the South ? Sir,
the people of East Tennessee, for example, have
long been asking for ten thousand men to save their
part of the State-from the desolating hand ofthe
rebels, and their wives and children and families
from insult, persecution, and starvation. How
have their prayers been answered.-' By an an-
nouncement that we have no troops that can be
spared from the great Army; yet there arc absent
from the Potomac—or were a few days ago, and
this is about the average at all times—on business
or pleasure or other objects, nearly one thousand
officers and over seven thousand privates, a great
army of themselves, and as many as were requi red
to save Tennessee, and for the lack of which large
numbers of citizens have been imprisoned, shot,
and hung; and still larger numbers driven from
their homes and hunted like the wild beasts ofthe
forest. Why were not eight or ten thousand men
from this great Army sent at an early day on an
errand so important, and which would have se-
cured the great railroad over which the rebels carry
their troops and supplies? Why, in these times
of peril, give leave of absence to eight thousand
soldiers, and yet plead the want of men in reply
to a people \vho chose to sacrifice all they had in
this world rather than desert the flag of the Union?
Unlike us, they were in the power of the infuria-
ted confederates; in the very jaws of the lion, but
boldly dared them to do their worst; and yet we
have left these loyal people to suffer, to hide in the
caves and the mountains, and even starve,"under
the plea that we have no army to send to their res-
cue, when some two hundred thousand well fed
troops in this neighborhood have been three or four
months begging and pleading to be led against the
enemy rather than pine away in camp. To show
the condition and characterof these peoplein East-
ern Tennessee 1 will ask to have read an extract
of a letter dqjed January 15, written from Ken-
tacky, and published in the .New York Tribune.
The Cleik read, as follows:
" Our brigade has iwoieghnenlauf Tennessecans. The
history of these men j-s tiuly a sad one ; compelled to flee
from tlieii homes early in the sumniei, leaving their fam-
ilies behind, their piopeity has been confiscated. Many
were compelled to leave then ImtvcM; standing in the field
and flee to save tlieii lives. They came to this State and
asked foi aims to defend then homes; they were mfoimed
that they could only be supplied upon the condition ot be-
coming soldiers ofthe United States. To thi^ they cheet-
fully consented, hoping thereby to obtain speedy succor
fiomtheGoveinment, which was promised them ; but^ome
six months have pa.-scd and hcie they f-till nic, anxiously
awaiting the auspicious moment when aid shall be given
them, with oulcis to march into Ea.nTennessee to ransom
their homes and taiuihes tiom lehel itiic.
The^e are the  ni«hboi>: and kinsmen of Johnson and
Mayn vr , and in common with them aie exiles ftom the
State ot then birth. The stoiy ot '.heirf-uHenngb and wiongs
ih 11 uly hoair-i ending. Thev aie In five, gtneiouy, and obe-
dient; yet why s-houhlthej not be impatient at delays, when
almostdailv accounts ieach then caiuofoutiage;? committed
on their families—of inurdeied wives aiuUtaivingchildien ?
Among them are proud men of joais and gray ban,
as well as fiery youth. They aie not a collection ot the rab-
ble, but men of sober thoughts and quiet demeanor. Phybi- i
cally, they aie of a noble loim and well developed. Thej I
make good fighting men, ieady and willing to enduie almost 1
any haul&hip if they can only be led agau^t the enemy. ,
But the tedium of encampment to them is unenduiablo 1
They have little path'iice to dull—then idea i> woik; and ,
the be-t dull they can have, m then opinion, is to have an j
eijnal chance at the enemy. In such a dull they delight.
Who would not fmht toi the Jinnies oi'buch men?*' j
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow ;
me to inquiie the date of that letter? |
Mr. GURLEY. It is dated January 15,18G2.
But wc need not go to other regions for illus-
trations of the want of ent^i prise and daring on the
pait ofthe controlling and acting manager ofthe j
Army. Sir, 1 am infoimed, on authority which ,
I am not permitted to question, that some three ,
weeks ago from ten to fifteen thousand confeder- ,
ates, m the neighborhood of Romncy, were vir- j
tualiy in the power of a division of our Army, j
numbering about forty thousand. General Lan- i
der sent a messenger to General Kelly, sayingin f
substance, "We have got them now certain— ;
join me;" and General Kelly j without the know 1- ,
edge of such a messenger, sent one of his own i
bearing a similar message, showing that both con- |
curred in the same thing. Meanwhile, one of!
these generals telegraphed General Banks to ad- !
vanee on one side, while he advanced upon the i
other; but, unfortunately, telegraphed at the same i
time to headquarters in reference to what was i
going on, when an answer came m the fonn of an ■
order not to advance, accompanied with a severe j
reprimand for even the suggestion; and this, too, j
when able officers on the ground saw, or thought
they saw, more than ten thousand men completely '
in then- power. The capture of this army, which .
was almost surrounded by an immense force of |
ours, about forty thousand men, would have fired \
the whole country with enthusiasm, and lifted the :
nation up from a general distrust of the efficiency j
of those m high command. That the battle would ,
have sadly bioken in upon some great plan, or fa- <
voritc seheme, is quite probable; it might have
finished the great anaconda, as the newspapers
have expressed it; but it must not be forgotten
that this mammoth reptile, that was to draw m his
folds and crush the rebellion at a single sweep of
his tail, has already swallowed up all our contem-
plated victories and gorged himself with the sub-
stance of the people to no purpose. Sir, there is
no use to disguise the fact, the Commanding Gen-
eral is responsible for the inaction of our Arm jr.
Less than thirty days ago a tried general in
Missouri sent forward seveial thousand cavalry
against General Price, and was about to follow
with ten thousand infantry, with every prospect
of success—with almost a certainty, as an officer
expressed it who well knew the strength of the
enemy; but all at once an order came from a su-
perior officer there, to halt—to go no further. Is
not this characteristic of the whole war? Why,
sir, the brilliant battle of Frederickton, Missouri,
was fought without orders from the commanding
general in Missouri, if not against them, v/hich
latter I believe was the fact.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Ohio whether the battle of
Frederickton was in fact fought against orders,
and if so, what and whose orders?
Mr. GURLEY. I do not propose to go into the
details. I only state the fact as I understand it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, if the gentleman
states the fact, I would like exceedingly if the gen-
tleman would state the order, ajid who it came
from, not to fight that battle.
Mr. GURLEY. I decline to go into details.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I ask the
gentleman to permit me to say that in my judg-
ment he is mistaken.
Mr. GURLEY. I stated that the battle was
fought without orders from the commanding gen-
eral, as I understood, but upon orders given by
General Curtis. It was without the order of the
commanding general, who was at that time far
away from St. Louis. I have so understood, and,
m fact, I saw the order telegraphed by the com-
manding general himself, for the return of rein-
forcements sent in that direction.
The recent battle in Kentucky, which resulted
so gloriously, was fought only when our troops
were attacked; no officer from here directed an
attack at that time, although it was undoubtedly
in the great plan that they should be ready, and
possibly the commanders had leave to advance as
they might judge best.
Sir, only give our western generals full power
to march against the enemy at will, and the war,
so far as the Southwest is concerned, will close
in ninety days with the possession of the Missis-
sippi river from our northern frontier to the Gulf.
Untie the red tape about their hands, and they
will soon find their way there, or perish in the
attempt; for never were soldiers in such terrible
earnest as ours are m the West to-day. Say to
j the geneials, push on your columns; march for-
! ward as you will, but crush the rebellion at all
hazards, and it will as surely be done as that the
Father of Waters moves toward the soa.
But I shall be told, perhaps, that this would be
unwise, because wc are now just on the eve of a
grand forward movement. Ah ! sir, how long and
often has that forward-movement song been sung?
How many months have the people been beguiled
with it? It was to conic as soon as the hot weather
had gone; it was to come with the cool autumn
breeze; it was sure to come when Providence
smiled upon us and lengthened out our charming
fall weather into a winter month; but now when
is it to come? Oh ! as soon as the mud is dried up
on the other side of the river, which is now deep
enough to swallow the largest battery, which will
be, I reckon, about next June, and then it will
be too hot. 1 fear that the weather will never be
just right for us till we realize moie fully our re-
sponsibilities and danger; and .should the Com-
manding General hold a check over our impetuous
soldiers till spring, and keep them at a safe dis-
tance from the enemy, and refuse to permit them
to gather up ten or fifteen thousand men when they
almost ask to bo caught; if he shall still permit
the blockade to progiess on the lower Potomac,
almost under the eye ofthe General Government,
our reputation abroad for courage and chivalry
will soon be equal to that of the Chinese; and
yet there are no bravci soldiers in the world than
those who are now in our camps, and who are
bitterly bemoaning the fate that prevents them
from doing the work they were sent to do. Why,
sir, there has been no time within the last three
months, in the judgment of first-class Army offi-
cers, when ten or fifteen thousand men could not
