554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
have quietly gone from here to "Western Virginia
and finished the war there once for all. They
would have hardly been missed till ready to re-
turn. A hundred thousand soldiers would have
leaped for joy at the order to go; but no, this
most likely would have infringed upon some great
plan, and stirred up the great anaconda too soon !
Sir, the blockade of the Potomac alone, under
the eye of some two hundred thousand well armed
and e quipped soldiers, and within sound almost of j
cannon from the proud Capitol of the nation, is
enough to crimson the cheek of every American, ,
and cause him to hide his head for very shame. 1
Mr. Chairman, I am very sure that the Com- «
mander-in-Chief, the President, is as anxious as '
any man in the country that the war shall be 1
prosecuted with vigor; butfromnecessityhemust j
rely mainly upon the judgment of the first mill- J
tary officcr in its management. While 1 kfiow i
that he is behind none in zeal for forward move- |
ments, I presume that he does not feel justified m
setting up his judgment as the standard for mili-
tary operations; and his multiplied duties leave
him little time to study the plans of battles. No
man in the nation, however, is more anxious tor
the speedy suppression of the rebellion, and he
will second, I have no doubt, every daring and
wise effort to accomplish that object.
Mr. Chairman, no one c n dislike more than 1
do to criticise in terms of seventy the conduct of
this war; I would rather a thousand times praise
every act of the Commanding General; but this
is no time and this is no place for flattering and
dcceitful words. Sir, it is a serious question with
many honest minds whether this Congress, this
Government, and this great nation are not to-day
sleeping upon a volcano. Murmurs, deep and
strong, are everywhere coming up from the people
against the inaction of the A rmy; they ate amazed
and grieved that the most intelligent body of sol-
diers in the world arc restrained by a single hand
from vindicaiin<r the honor of our flag upon the
battle-Held. Meanwhile, the public Treasury is
being drained for their suppoit; the fleets of three
powerful nations are nearing our shores, and if
our military do not rouse themselves to speedy
action, and strike quick, sharp, and heavy blows,
some fine morning those fleets may make a visit
to our southern coast, politely announce to us that
cotton is an absolute necessity in Europe, and the
blockade must continue no longer. All this is not
only possible, but in the contingency of continued
inactivity, and the standing menace of the rebel
army against this capital, almost at its very gates,
highly probable.
But 1 sec at last a streak of daylight ahead. 1
see H resting upon the chair of the now Secretary
of War, a man who, if report speaks truly, is like
brave Hew Wade, of Ohio—a good combination
of Old Hickory and Zark Taylor. He crtoinly
appears to have a mind of Ins own, a brain to
plan and an iron will to execute; and if I am not
greatly mistaken, he will push on this war with
all the vigor that characterized the people m rais-
ing so vast, so mighty an Army. L''t us thank
God and take courage, and unite all our energies
with his, as well as the Chief Magistrate's, that
we may bring it to a speedy and glorious termina-
tion.
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
my colleague desin-s to go on to-night, but that
the debate has been limited upon this bill to one
hour, which has nearly oxpiied. 1 ask that, by
unanimous consent, the bill under consideration
may be laid aside, and some other bill taken up
upon which debate has not been limited.
Mr. COX. I suppose, by unanimous consent,
I may go on for my hour on this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand the gentle-
man proposes to make his speech to-ni&ht?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; I wish to make my speech
responsive to my colleague who has just spoken.
A Member objected.
Mr. COX. 1 think the objection comes too late.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will move that the com-
mittee rise, and I will try to make some arrange-
ment in the Mouse by which the gentleman can
be permit*- d to make bis speech.
Mr. COX. I lime no objection to that.
The motion was a^teed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed tiiecha>r,lVIr. Uolmamreported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularl^House bill
No. *209, it being the Army appropriation bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
SECRET SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. A joint resolution has come
! from the Senate, which, if theie be no objection,
| I will ask to have taken up, and as soon as it is
i passed I will move immediately to go into Com-
I mittee of the Whole again, with the understand-
■ ing that general debate upon the Army bill shall
j be extended one hour.
! Mr. "WICKLIFFE. Is thatthcjointresolution
in reference to secret sessions?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask that
it may be read for information.
The concurrent resolution was read,as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concuiring,)
That the following be added to the joint rules of the two
IIou->c*:
>22. When.duuns theptesent rebellion, any member of
the .Senate or Jlou^e of Representatives, shall tise, and in
Ins place state that the President desites the immediate ac-
tion ofCdngress upon any matter pertaining to the Mippres-
Mon of tJtc ptescnt rebellion, the galleries of the Ilonse in
which the statement is made shall he itw*crliately cleared,
and altei such member shall state the action desired by the
President, and the tea.->ons for immediate action, such
liou^e.-hall determine without debate whether the propo.-ed
niea<uie shall be considered. If decided in the affumative,
debate shall ho confined to thesubjoct-mattoi ,and bo limited
to five minute* by any member: Prodded, Thatany mem-
ber shall be allowed live minutes to explain ot oppose any
peiUnent amendment. %Andproiidcil, That this lule shall
not affect theopeiation of the previous question in the House
of Representatives. Duungsueh session, no communica-
tion '-hall he iceeivcd or made by or from any pcisnn not a
member then present, except from the Pi evident of the Sen-
ate, ot the Speaker of tin- ilonse; if any member of the
Senate ot Ilonse ot Repif^cntative^ shall betiay, publNh,
disrlose, or icve.il any debau , oon-ult.Uion. oi pioci cdaif,'
had in sueh sretet session, lie thall bo expelled ; and if
committed bv anv officer ofeitliei body, oi othei per.-on,
sueh pu!ii-binent"?hall be inflicted as the body to which he
belongs may impose.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object to
the consideration of that resolution at this time.
Mr. STEVKNS. I move, then, to go to the
business on tin; Speaker's table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Was there not an under-
standing when we came out of committee that we
should go immediately back into committee to
enable the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Cox] to
make his speech ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
motion is not debatable.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 know it is not. I merely
desired to call the attention of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania tothc factasaqucstion of propriety.
Mr. STEVENS. I said that as soon as this
joint resolution was passed I would immediately
move to go into committee.
The question was put; and the House decided
to go to the business on the Speaker's table—ayes
5tf, noes 40.
j The SPEAKER. The first business on the
] Speaker's table is the concurrent resolution from
, the Sonato lelative to holding secret sessions.
| Mr. VALLANDTGH AM". I rise to a question
i of order. Does not that resolution propose to
| change the rules of the House? If so, it must he
; over one day.
j The SPEAKER. It proposes to change the
; joint rules of the two Houses, and, by the uniform
; practice of the House, it may be considered with-
out the one day's notice.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. I call for the read-
ing of the ]37th rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the rule
to be read. He will remark, however, that the
rub* of the House is never applied to the joint rules
of Congress. "We always suspend the joint rules
at the close of the session by a majority vote.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
'''Whencvei confidential communications arc. received
f.om the Piesidcnt of the ITnitod State-?, the Hou^e shall
; he eleated of all person-', evept tile Members. Clerk, Ser-
; geant-nt-Arms. and Doorkeeper, and &o continue during
the leading of such communication?, and (unless otherwise
1 diiected by the lluu-c) during all debates and proceedings
to he had theicon. And when the Speaker, or any other
: member, shall mlonn the liou?e that he has communica-
j uou> to make which he conceives ought to be kept secret,
1 the llon^e -ha!!, in like manner, be eleaied till the enmmu-
i mention be made ; the ITou^e '•hall then detciniiH; whether
j tiiematlei communicated reqmie-s secrecy ot not, and take
1 oidei ueconiuigiy."
' Mr. VAL L ANDIGHAM. I make the point
I of older that tins resolution changes the rule of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. He does not see that a joint
rule changes a rule of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. It changes the or-
der of proceedings under the rule of the House.
The SPEAKER It does not change the rule
of the House m reference to secret sessions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It does in regard
to the order of business from beginning to end.
It gives to one member, at any time, power to
postpone the consideration of a special order and
go into secret session.
The SPEAKER. That can be done now under
the rule of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. At any time?
The SPEAKER. At any time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. To go into secret
session ?
The. SPEAKER. Certainly. The Clerk has
just read the rule.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I certainly think
it changes the rule.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, and
overrules the point of order.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to call attention to the
145th rule, which I think will satisfy the gentle-
man from Ohio in reference to this matter; the
rule says:
"No standing lule or order of the House shall be re-
scinded or changed without one day's notice being given
ofthe motion theiefor; nor shall any rule be suspended, ex-
cept by a vote of at least two thuds of the membcis pie&eut;
nor shall the order of business, a* established by the rules,
be po-itponed or changed, except by a vote of at leasttwo
thuds ofthe members present; nor shall the Speaker enter-
tain a motion to suspend the lules, cxccpt during the last
ten day< of the se&sion, and on Monday of eveiy week at
the e.\puation of one houi after the Journal is read."
Tins was adopted in 1794: " Nor shall any rule
be suspended, except by a vote of at least two
thirds of the members present." That shows a
discrimination between the two kinds of rules. I
will go further, and show the gentleman more
clearly. Oil page 152, under the head of " rules,"
it is stated that a joint rule, so far as the House
is concerned, requires a majority vote only for its
suspension.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio,
that this concurrent resolution changes the rules
ofthe House.
The call for the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rose for the purpose of
making an inquiry ill reference to this resolution,
when 1 was interrupted by a point of order. I
want to understand the exact effect of this resolu-
tion before 1 vote on it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
only by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that, under
the rules of the House as they now stand, the Ex-
ecutive can ask us at any time to consider meas-
ures in secret session. As I understand this res-
olution, whenever any member gets up and calls
attention to any secret message of the President,
he can close the doors of this House, as well as
the doors of the Senate. I would like to know
what is the decision of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania on that point. Can we go into secret
session without the Senate also going into secret
session, and vice versa? If that be so, then I think
that we had belter adheie to the rule of the House
as it now exists.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand this con-
current lesolntion in that way.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand the resolu-
tion to provide that we shall not go into secret
session unless the Senate joins us.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is mistaken.
It does not provide for any such joint session.
Mr. CONWAY. I ask the unanimous consent
ofthe House to say a word.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that we had better
proceed with the consideration of this resolution
without any unnecessary debate. Every member
must understand it, as it is brief and to the point.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I think that iheChaii did nut compre-
hend my point when it was first made. I make
the point that this resolution changes the hour
rule of the House, and must therefore lay over one
day for consideration.
The SPEAKER. TheChairoverrulesthepoint
