2536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
publics, and to give to these consuls power to
negotiate treaties. Now, every man knows that if
we send simply a consul, he can exercise no diplo-
maticfunetions, but if he is also clothed with diplo-
matic powers, as he must be in order to negotiate
treaties of any character, then there is a full recog-
nition of the Government to which he is accred-
ited by this Government, and that Government
has a right to return this Government representa-
tives of any grade orrank that it chooses to send.
I think that the sending of consuls merely would
involve the same recognition and the right to be
represented here by agents of any rank.
The gentleman says that the point of difference
between the bill and the amendment is, that the
amendment implies no return of diplomatic repre-
sentatives to this Government from Hayti and
Liberia, and that this point was made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] I
can only say in reply, Mr. Speaker, that in my
judgment, he mistakes entirely the character and
effect of his amendment. Neither the bill nor the
amendment will make it obligatory upon these
republics to send to this Government diplomatic
agents, but either the bill or the amendment will
authorize them to do so, and in either case we
should be bound in good faith to receive the agents
thus Sent.
Mr. Speaker, the objection principally urged
against this bill is that these republics may send
here black men as their representatives. Now,
this objection lies against the amendment as
well as against the bill. But, Mr. Speaker, sup-
pose they do send here black men. They have
8#fitthem to, England and to France, ana they
have been received by those Governments, and
their color has not affected their rank or posi-
tion among the diplomatic corps resident in those
countries. Why shall we, in our intercourse with
the world, make discriminations m relation to
color not recognized by the other leading Powers
of the earth ? Certainly the fact that the great
body of slaveholders in this country arc to-day
in rebellion against this Government, and seeking
its overthrow, because they have not been able to
control all its departments to promote the extension
and perpetuation of slavery, does not make it ob-
ligatory upon us to do so. If they send us black
men, I doubt not, sir, that we shall find them,
morally and intellectually, the equals of many of
the representatives we send to other Governments,
and in the same respects the equals of many of
the men we receive from other Governments.
The day has gone bjr when men are to be judged
only by the complexion of their skins or the tex-
ture of their garments.
But, Mr. Speaker, the objection has been made
to this bill by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] that it involves the recognition of the
equality of the races. It involves nothing but the
recognition of the fact that Hayti and Liberia are in-
dependent, self-sustaining Governments, and are,
in our opinion, entitled to a place among the inde-
pendent Powers of the earth. It recognizes the
equality of nations, the equality of the rights of na-
tions, which, 1 presume, no man willdeny. It has
no more reference to the equality of the races than
it has to the equality of the sexes. I agree with
the gentleman from Kentucky that our race may
well lay claim to superiority over all other races
of men, and I doubt not that every man in this
House and, in fact, every man belonging to the
race will agree with us. And every other race of
men probably entertain the same opinion of them-
selves and their race. But, Mr. Speaker, 1 was a
little surprised when he said that lie should lose
his confidence m the superiority of his race if this
bill should pass and we should admit that these
nations of black men are independent, self-sus-
taining, and entitled to an equality of rights with
the white nations of the earth. If there "is no con-
clusive evidence of the superiority of our race
without the fact that this Government has refused
for the last fifty-eight years to recognize theinde-
pendence of Hayti, and for the last fifteen years to
recognize the independence of Liberia, we had
better abandon the claim. The superiority of a
race of men is never shown by their unwillingness
to accord tootherraces an equality of rights with
themselves.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] the other doy, in referring to my statement
ill regard to commercial relations, said that my
figures were not correct. Now, why has not the
gentleman produced here evidence to controvert
my statement?
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that my
printed remarks contain quotations from the re-
ports of Commercial Relations, and show a very
great discrepancy, both as to the exports and im-
ports of Liberia and Hayti.
Mr. GOOCH. I cannot reply to the gentle-
man's printed remarks, as I have not had an op-
portunity of reading them.
Mr. COX. I stated the substance of them.
Mr. GOOCH. The tables from which I took
my data were from the Treasury Department of
the United States, prepared under the authority
of that Department, and offered to the Senate and
the House as authentic. If the gentleman has
facts differing from them, I would like to know
where he gets them.
Mr. COX. From the Commercial Relations.
Mr. GOOCH. Of the last year?
Mr. COX. Of I860;, published by the State
Department, and collated from the reports of
consuls.
Mr. GOOCH. And what do they show the
exports to Hayti to be?
Mr. COX. The gentleman has given the ex-
ports aboutright,butnearly doubled the imports,
as well in Hayti as in Liberia.
Mr. GOOCH. The imports into which country ?
Mr. COX. Into these two countries.
Mr. GOOCH. Prom this country ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir.
Mr. GOOCH. Docs the gentleman mean the
exports or the imports? When I spoke of ex-
ports and imports, I spoke of them with reference
to our own country.
Mr. COX. I mean the imports into those coun-
tries, exported from the United States.
Mr. GOOCH. Well, now, Mr. Speaker, I am
perfectly willing to leave that matter where it
stands. I know that the tables from which I
drew my facts were prepared at the Treasury De-
partment, and I apprehend that the gentleman will
find some proof of their correctness in the fact that
the imports and exports to Hayti must bear a
nearer relation to each other than that which the
gentleman states. It is well knoivn that the Hay-
tiens depend upon their exports to this country
to pay for their imports, in a great measure, and I
apprehend that the articles which they have bought
from us have been paid for by what they have
produced and shipped to this country, and that
there cannot be so great a difference between the
exports and imports as the gentleman's statement
would imply. I therefore think that he must be
under a misapprehension in regard to that matter.
I know that the Commercial Relations do not give
these figures in full, 'and it was for that reason
that the table was prepared at the Treasury De-
partment which was used in the Senate, and to
winch I have referred, and I doubt not that it will
be found to bo correct.
Mr. Speaker, I promised the House that I
would occupy but a short time in i-eply to the ob-
jections made to this bill. I am glad to see the
evidence that this measure will receive here the
support of men of all parties and from all sections
of the country. I know that it has been said that
this is one of the series of measures passed"and
to be passed by this Congress. It seems to me
to have no connection with any other measure of
legislation, and I hope that it will be considered
on its own merits, and I doubt not that it will re-
ceive the vote of a great majority of this House.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered.
The first question was on the adoption of Mr.
Cox's amendment, as follows:
That there be appointed for each of tiic republics of Li-
beria anil Hayti a coaMil genet a!, wlio siiatl be authorized
to negotiate any treatHN ot'commerce between ,-ael repub-
lics ami tins country. And the salaries ot said consuls gen-
eral shall be the same as those now fixed by law.
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 40, nays 82; as follows:
YCAS—-Mcsm-s. William .1. Alien, Alicona, Baily, Bid-
die, Jacob IJ. Blair, tieoii,'e II. Browne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Cormui,', Cox, Dunlap, Dunn,
Grnier. Ilatiiing, Ilelin.in, Knapp/Law, Lazcai, Leiiaian,
May, Noell. A'oiron, Nngen, Pi ice, James Kollins, .Se-
tfar, Smith, John IJ. Steele, William G.Steele, Style*,Vib-
liaid, Vooihees, VVadswoith, Waul, Webster, Wicklifle,
Woodruff, and Wright—40.
N A YlS—Messrs. Aidrich, Aiiey, Ashley, Babbitt, Baiter,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake, Buf-
frnton, Casey, Chamberlin, Clark, Colfax, Frederic!; A.
Conkhng, Roseoe Conkling. Covode, Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Duell, Edgerton, Ely, Fessenden, Fisher, Frank,
Gooelij Goodwin, Granger, Hale, Hickman, Hooper, Hor-
ton, Hutehins, Juiian, Keliey, Fi.incis YV. Kellogg, William
Keliosrg, Lansing, T.ooinis, Lovejoy, MeKniirht, MePiier-
son, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Mori ill. Justin
S. Morrill, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Alexander H. Rice, John II. liice, Riddle, Edwaid II.
Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, SheDabar-
ger, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Traiii, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Hoin, Van Valfcenburgh, Verree, Wallace, Walton,
Washbume, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
cester— 82.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. WASHBURNE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Arnold, was absent from the House on ac-
count of the death at his house of Lieutenant De
Wolf.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
was paired off with Mr. Crisfield. He would
have voted in favor of this bill, and Mr. Crisfield
against it.
Mr. EDGERTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Cbtler, was paired off with Mr. Whaley.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Campbell was paired
off with Mr. Wood.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Cravens, was unavoidably absent from the
House.
Mr. GURLEY stated that on this vote he was
paired off with Mr. Phelps, of Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, stated that lie
would have voted for the amendment.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Perry, was paired off with Mr.
Fenton.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. GOOCH demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on the
^passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley^ Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter,Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake, Butfin-
ton, Cat=ey, Chambeiiin, Clark, Clements, Colfax, Fiedmck
A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkhng, Covode, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Elv, Fc^enden. Fisher,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger,Guilcy, Hale, Hickman,
Hooper, Florton, Hutchins,Juhan,KeIley, William Kellogg,
J"mains, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy,Low, MeKnight, Mc-
Phcisou, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson 1\ Morrill,
Justin t*. Moriill, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Porter, Alexander H. Riee,* John II. Itice, Ruldle
Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwiek, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabargcr, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trimble, Tiovv-
bridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Veirae. Wallace,
Walton, Washbume, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom,
and Worcestei—86.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Daily, Bid-
die, Jacob B. Blair, George 11. Browne, Calveit, Cobb,
Coining, Cox, Dunlap, Glider, Harding, Holman, Knapp,
Law, Lazcar, Mallory, May, Menzies, Noeil, Noiton, Nu-
gen,John S Phelps, Price, Segar, Smith, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Styles, Vibbard, Vooihees,Wadsworth,
Ward, Webster, Wiekliffe, and Wright—37.
So the hill was passed.
Pending the vote,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Robinson, was paired off with Mr.
Arnold on this subject. The former would have
voted against the bill and the latter for it.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. Odell and
Mr. Pattom had been left at the White House
landing yesterday to look after wounded soldieis.
He thought that Mr. Odell would have voted
against the bill. These gentlemen were paired on
tlie confiscation bill.
Messrs. KELLOGG of Michigan, HAN-
CHETT, CRITTENDEN, DIVEN, and ROL-
LINS of Missouri, not having been within the
bar when their names were called, severally asked
leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, stated he would,
have voted " ay."
Mr. HANCHETT made a similar statement.
Mr. CRITTENDEN stated he would have
voted " no.5>
Mr, ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Edwards, had gone to Balti-
more to attend a sick friend.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
