1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ivnous vote; and that no member will shrink fVom
his share of the responsibility. But while such
is the patrioticspiritof this body, I cannot be blind
to the use which will hereafter be made of it by
small politicians. I will therefore say a few words
in its defense.
The first question which will suggest itself to
every citizen will be, was it necessary? For, if un-
necessary , it is wholly indefensible. I will assume
that every loyal man admits the necessity of every-
thingrequired to extinguish this wicked rebellion.
To da that, requires armies and navies. To sus-
tain^hem money is absolutely necessary; for the
soldiers of the Republic must not go unpaid, what-
ever it may cost the civilian. Money can be had
only through loans; but loans cannot be had un-
less, at the same time, means be provided for
paying punctually the interest. This nation must
never repudiate her debts. This brings us to the
direct question, how much must be annually raised
to pay such interest? If the warwere to end now
or within sixty days, we could tell very nearly.
I suppose our debt on the 1st day of July next
will not be less than $800,000,000. When, some
time since, I had occasion to address the House
on the Treasury note bill, I stated our daily ex-
penses at $2,000,000. They are now, and have
been for some time past, over $3,000,000 a day.
It is plain, therefore, that the sum I have stated
will be rather below than above our indebtedness
fit the end of this fiscal year. The interest, at
7.30, will require about sixty millions of dollars
annually. How much this will be increased by
the necessary sacrifice of our bonds, owing to the
unfortunate specie clause in our Treasury note
bill, it is hard to conjecture. The ordinary peacc
expenses of Government will not be less than
$70,000,000 + ^60,000,000; these together will tie
$130,000,000, independent of the increase in our
pension list. My learned colleague from Vermont
estimates the revenue from this bill and from cus-
toms at $163,000,000. We have been so little
accustomed to national taxation, that our statistics
and means of ascertaining the actual product of
this bill arc very scanty. Any estimates must
necessarily be very imperfect. Much will depend
on the amount of trade and the prosperity of do-
mestic industry.
I am fearful that my colleague has over-esti-
mated the amount for the first year. But for the
second year, when the stock on hand which will
escape this tax shall have been consumed, I be-
lieve the amount will go considerably above Ins
estimate. But as the amount of interest for the
first year will be considerably less than the second
year, I have a confident hope that this bill, with
our other revenue, will raise at least $15,000,000
beyond the interest and ordinary expenses of
Government. If our debt should not beincreased
beyond $1,200,000,000, and commerce shoujd
revive, I believe, in after years, we shall have a
surplus of $50,000,000 to apply to the reduction
of the debt. This calculation is merely hypo-
thetical, as I cannot foresee the course of the Gov-
ernment in dealing with this rebellion. If they
should use the legitimate means in then powet,
I have no doubt that in ninety days the rebels
might be so crippled that our army could safely
be redueed to one hundied thousand men, and
five sixths of the present expenses be saved. In
that case I feel no hesitancy in predicting that not
another dollar of taxes need ever be imposed on
the people to defray our whole debt. If the Gov-
ernment should further determine, in accordance
with the practice of nations, the dictates of wis-
dom and of justice, to make the propeity of the
rebels pay the expenses of the war which they
have so wantonly caused, this tax need never be
collected beyond the second year.
But if the Administration should deem it wise
to prolong the war, and suffer the loyal citizens
to be oppressed, to show mercy to tiaitors, the
people must expect further and heavier burdens.
In selecting the objects of taxation, the commit-
tee have found it necessary to visit many articles
which they would have gladly spared. They
have, however, laid no burdens on those who have
but small means. They have exempted property
and business below the value of $600, so that the
poor man's tenement shall not be disturbed by the
tax gatherer. For the same reason they have laid
no poll tax. They have, no doubt, notwithstand-
ing their best efforts, failed to equalize the burden
to^thc extent which they desired. They have at-
tempted to raise the largest sums from articles of
luxury, and fronr-the large profits of wealthy
men. But even on these articles the tax is light
compared with that of other countries. Take
spirits as a sample. You may call it aluxury or
a nuisance, as best suits your taste. The excise
in England is §2 50per gallon; here, fifteen cents.
Tobacco stands in the same list. Even now,
when England has reduced her tariff, her duty on
the raw material is seventy-two cents per pound;
on manufactured, orcigars, §2 16; on snulf, $1 44;
on stems and scraps, seventy-two cents. In this
bill, the law mateiial is free; manufactured, ten
ccnts per pound; cigars, ten cents; smoking, five
cents; sniiiT, eight cents; scraps, nothing. Where
we have laid a tax on the domestic article, the
committee have adopted the principle of laying
compensatory duties on the foreign article when
imported. This we deem necessary to retain the
home market, and not to discriminate againstour
own industry.
The income tax has been found verydifficultto
adjust so as to escape double taxation. But the
committee thought it would be manifestly unjust
to allow the large money operators and wealthy
merchants, whose incomes might reach hundreds
of thousands of dollars, to escape from their due
proportion of the burden. They hope they have
succeeded m excluding from this tax the articles
and subjects of gain and profit which are taxed in
another form.
The committee have been greatly embarrassed
by the Canadian reciprocity treaty. They have
been obliged to omit many articles which, with a
light tax, would have pioduced a large revenue.
This is but one of many illustrations of the evil
of commercial treaties, which are in direct viola-
tion of the letter and spirit of the Constitution.
The treaty-making power has no more right to
regulate commerce than it has to declare war and
raise armies and navies.
1 have no fear that the loyal people of the free
States will complain of any burdens which may
be necessary to vindicate the authority of the
Union, and establish on a firm basis the principle
of scli-goveinment and the inalienable xights of
man. So long as this money is honestly and eco-
nomically expended, they will notrepinc. While
the rich and the thrifty will be obliged to contrib-
ute largely from the abundance of their means,
we have the consolation to know that no bur-
dens have been imposed on the industrious la-
borer and mechanic; that the food of the poor is
untaxed; and that no one will be affected by the
provisions of this bill whose livingdepends solely
on his manual labor.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I now ask leave to move
to strike out the duty on salt.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time-
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the question
was taken; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 125, nays 14; as follows:
YEAH—Aldricli, Alley, Arnold, A^hlcv, Babbitt,
Baker, ttaxtei, Bcaman, I>nldk\ Bingham, Fianeis I'.
Ulair, Jacob li. Blan, Samuel S. Mali, Make, William G.
Brown, Caiveit, Campbell, Chambeilin, Ciaik. Clement'-,
Cobb. Colfax, Fiodoriek A. Oonklmsr, Ro.-eoo (Jonkiinjr,
Coining, Covodu, Ciaven?, Cnttenden, Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Delaplajne, Diven, Dik.I1, Dunlap, Dunn, tf(i<_'ef ion.
Fd\v,u<K III lot, En !i-h, IV-MMnlon. Fi-her Frank, < 2ooeh,
(iranger. Under. Giuhw, Hai ht, Halt', Hall, Ilanehett.
Hauling', IIaiu on, Hickman. Hoopei, Iloiton, llntehms^
Juli.m, Ivi'liov, Fianei^ W. KpIIo"", Iviihnsjer, Landing,
hazcai ,Lca!y,L«'hinan. Looim*-. Luvejoy, Me Knight, Mc-
I'hei-.on, Mallory, Mon/.ie<, Mitchell, Muothead, An*>on P.
Mutiill, Jus-tin S. Mmrjli. Xi.\nn, Noble, No^ll, Nu en,
OdPil, Clin, Patton, Perry,Timnthj G j'help-.. Pike. I'om-
eiM.l'oitct, Poitei, Puce. Alexander II. Rice, John II.
Jtiee, Riddle, Cdward H. Rollins, James S. liollaii, Sai«ent,
trbanks, Sli^fHold, Shcljabaiaer. Phetman, Sloan. Smith,
Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Siratton, Benjamin F. Thomas. Francis Thomas, Train,
Trow budge. Van Ilorn. Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wads- j
woitbj Wallace, F P. Walton, Waul Wobstri, Wheelei,
Albert S. White, WiKon, Wunlom, Woodruff, YVoicestei,
and Wnghr— k)o.
Allen, Buffinton, Cox. Kerrigan, Knapp,
Law , 2\oiton,Pendleton, Richatdton,Sine}, Vailandigham,
Vuoihees, On Hon A. White, and Wiekhfle—14.
So the bill was passdcT.
During the vote,
Mr. WRIGHT stated that his colleague, Mr..
Bailey, had been called home in consequence of
sickness in his family.
Mr. WHEELER stated that his colleague,Mr.
Franchot, was absent in consequence:o'f the ill-
ness of a relative. * •
Mr. PIKE stated that his colleague, Mr. Qoox> .
win, was detained at his'lodgings by sickness.-
Mr. RICHARDSON stated that his colleague*
Mr- Robinson, had been called home,by sickne'ss
in his family.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, stated that- his col-
league, Mr. Whaley, was detained from the
House by sickness, but would have voted for the
bill, if present.
Mr. WARD statod that his colleague, Mr W ood,
was unavoidably absent, and that he was author-
ized to state to the House that, if present, he
would have voted in the negative.
Mr. POMEROY stated that his colleague, Mr,
Wall, had been called home by sickness.
Mr. FRANK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ely, had been called from the city, and had not
yet returned.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 364) to aid in constructing a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Governmenttheuseof
the same for postal, military, and otherpurposes,
as a special order, and to continue from day to
day until disposed of,on which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] was entitled to the
lloor.
CONTINGENT KIND OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. STEVENSasked and obtainedunanimous
consent to report from the Committe of Ways and
Means a bill making appropriations *o reimburse
the contingent fund of the office of the Secretary
of the Treasury, including the compensation of
additional clerks who may be employed,according
to the exigencies of the public service, and for
temporary clerks, for the current fiscal year and
for the year ending June 30,1863, which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
CAPITOL EXTENSION SUPERVISION.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and to have put upon its passage, Senate
joint resolution No. 50, transferring the supervis-
ion of the Capitol extension and the erection of the
new dome to the Department of the Interior.
Mr MePHERSON. I object.
PACIFIC RAILROAD AGAIN
Mr. CAMPBELL. lam directed by the select
committee on the Pacific lailroad to repoit a sub-
stitute for the bill before the House. It makes
very unimportant changes in the bill as it has
boen printed, with the exception that it gives ^di-
rect corporate capacity. I will explain it when the
bill is read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the further
reading of the bill be dispensed with. It is already
printed and on the tables of members.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the bill will be read.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know whether this
bili has not to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That will be seen after the
bill is read.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no necessity for
reading it if the fact is so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what is in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. There is an appropriation of*
United States bonds.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the reading of the
bill will not bo interrupted at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have a right to raise the
question of order.
