1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
of order. This resolution provides for a particu-
lar class of business, not provided for by any rule
of the House. It is a new class of business, and
the Chair thinks that the House may fix such reg-
ulations for the consideration of that business as
it may deem proper, leaving thie rules for the con-
sideration^ otherbusinessunchanged. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My only purpose
was to delay action on this resolution in order that
we might look into it. It may be all right and
proper, but J do not know it yet.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a moment for the purpose of suggesting
an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope I will be allowed to
say a word.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that that motion be
laid upon the table.
Mr DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will not this resolution be
the unfinished business if the House now adjourns?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, then, that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Colfax's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to—yeas 79, nays 54; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alduch,Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blau, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, William G. Brown, Campbell, Clnunbetlin, Colfax,
Fredenck A. Conklmg, Itoccoe Conkhnrf, Cutler, Davis,
Delano, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwill, Gurley, Hanchett, [ianison, llol-
man, Hoopet, Ilorton, Uutc-lnns. Julian. K iey, FiancK
W. Kellos?, William KeJIoajsr, l.ovejov, MeKmght, M''~
Pherson, Marston, Mavnard. Mitchell, Moorhead, An.-on P.
Mouill, Justin S. Moinli,Nixon, dm, Timothy U. JJhclp->,
Pike, Pomcroy. Poiter, Prim*, Alexander 11. Pocc, John II.
Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, .fames Rollins, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sherman, Spauidmir, Stevens.
Stratton, Trimble. Trowbridge, Upton, Van Horn, Van
Valkenburgh, Verree, Wallace. Charles W. Walton, Web-
ster, Whaley, Albeit S. White, and Windom—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Joseph Bally,
Biddle, Bingham, Gcoige II Biowne, Bulfinton, Cobb, Con-
way, Coming, Cox, Ci avens, Orisfield, Dawes, Diven, Dun-
lap, English, Fessendcn, Gndei, Haignt. Johnson, Knapp,
Law, Leary, Lehman, Loonii.-, May, Mcnzie?, Moms,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton. Peuv, Richard-on, Rob-
inson, Sheflield. John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vailandigham,
Van Wyck, Vibbaul, Voorhec^, Wadswoith, Wall, W;ud,
Chilton A. White, Wickhft'e, Wilson, Woice>tei, and
Wnght—5 i.
So the motion to rcconsidcr was laid upon the
table.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Has the
gentleman from Permsyl\dnia any reason to be-
lieve that there is any immediate necessity for the
passage of this resolution?
Mr. STEVENS. I have the word of the Sec-
retary of War.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the voto
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, the
House (at twenty minutes past four o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 30, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was reo d and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Dubuque, Iowa, praying for the enactment of a
general bankrupt law: winch was referred to the
Committee on tin1 Judiciary.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citizens
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying that Gen-
eral Franz Sigcl be placed in a position m which
his surpassing abilities as u commander ot large
bodies of troops may best be employed for the
salvation of the Union; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Bristol, Connecticut, praying for the total abo-
lition of slavery, and that all the inhabitants of the
United States, bond and free, may be called upon
to aid in the support of the Government; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of merchants
in the city of New York, praying that all legisla-
tion designed to increase tin* duty on imports may
either name a distant day for the act to take effect,
or else, in accordance with former tariffs, exempt
from its provisions not only goods in bond and m
port afloat, but also all merchandise actually on
shipboard and bound to the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
petition of citizens of the United States, praying
for the reorganization of the medical department of
the Army in such manner as to place the direction
of the gieat measures for preserving and restoring
the health of our soldiers under the charge of the
best skill, without any claims of seniority or to
any precedents based upon the limited experience
of our former small Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the select committee to
whom was referred so much of the President's
message as relates to a railroad to connect certain
portions of Tennessee and North Carolina with
Kentucky, reported a bill (S. No. 179) for the
construction of a military railroad in the States of
Kentucky and Tennessee; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
"WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 91) authorizing the construction of a horse
railroad thiough certain avenues and streets in
Washington and Georgetown; the bill (S. No. Ill)
incorporating the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company; the bill (S. No. 1G5) m rela-
tion to a railway along Pennsylvania avenue, and
other avenues and streets in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia; the bill (S. No. 170) to incorporate the Union
Railroad Company, and to authorize the construc-
tion of a railroad in certain streets and avenues in
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, m the
District of Columbia, and the running of vehicles
connected there with, and to regulate the same; and
the bill (S. No. 3 60) to incoi porate the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railroad Company, have in-
structed me to repoit the same back with a new
bill as a substitute. I ask that the substitute be
read the first time, and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
to be dischaiged from the consideration of those
bills, and he reports a new bill?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railway Company was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to give notice that as
soon as may be after the bill shall be printed, I
shall attempt to call it up for the consideration of
the Senate.
OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution: which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
RebOlvrd, That the Committee on Commeiee be directed
to inquue into the expediency of icqumntf the command-
ei s ot ves'-eN, sailing fiom pou> in the United Htate- to foj -
eign poits dining the continuance of the present icbelhon,
to take tiie oath of allegiance be fine dealing their vessels.
VESSELS FOR TIIE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rctohcd^That the Secictary of Wai be directed tolur-
nii-h to the fcjenaie a statement, in tabulai ioim, showing
the name of each ve^r-ol pin chafed or chartered for the use
of the Wai Depaitment since the 1st day of Apu) last;
when thusehaitr red o? purchased; of whom : by what as'uu
of the Govern men!; when -ucii vessels weir buiU ; of what
tooiKitri* and eapaeiu for tian^portation ; at wlnt price inch
puieha«'. oi chaiteis weie effected ; to what ^stcm ot in-
spection PU'di vrwN wete subji et.'d betoie they were eliar-
tcied <>i pntcha^ed; how many of Mich ves-.cN have boon
lo-t, or de-tioved ; when, in what mannei. and the value of
i public pioperty destroyed oi lo&t m consequence thereof;
' also, that he inform the Senate what vessels* arc now undci
charter by the Government; where they arc 5 when char-
tered *, for what purpose; by whom ; and at what rate.
SIHP-OF-WAR FRANKLIN.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimousconsent, and
agreed to :■
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate when the ship-of-wai Franklin was
changed from her original construction so as to fit her for
use as a steamer, what wa* the co.-t of such change, and
if the Department contemplate finishing her and getting her
ready for sea duiing the present year, or with in any definite
time.
TRANSPORTATION OF INDIAN GOODS.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was consideredbyunanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be inducted
toinfoimtlic Senate whether any contracts have been made
in the office of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or in Ins
department, for the transportation of goods for the Indians
undei the contracts of the United States; with whom such
contracts weio mad^, and upon whattcims; and whether
the same were let to the lowest bidder after due advertise-
ment, or by special contract.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the resolution of the Sen-
ate proposing an additional joint rule of the two
Houses.
The message also* announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 169) to authorize the
President of the United States, in certain cases, to
take possession of uiilroad and telegraph lines,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 241) for the payment of field officers
of volunteer regiments for services rendered prior
to the full organization of the regiments; and
A bill (No. 255) making an appropriation for
the purchase of cotton seed for general distribu-
tion.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 1G5) making an appropriation for
completing the defenses of Washington, with an
amendment, 111 which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
THE COOLY TRADE.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred House bill No. 109,
to prohibit the " Chinese eooly trade" by Amer-
ican citizens in American vessels, have had the
same under consideration, and instructed me to
report it back with an amendment. The first sec-
tion of the bill provides:
That no citizen or citizens of the United States, or for-
eigner coming into 01 residing within the same, shall, for
himself or for any other person whatsoever, either as
master, factoi, owner, or otherwise, build, equip, load, or
otherwise prepaic, any ship or vessel, or any steamship or
steam vessel, legisteied, emolled, or licensed, in the Uni-
ted States, or any port within the same, for the puipose of
procutmg tioin China, or from any pott or placc therein, or
trom any other port orj>lace, the inhabitants or subjects ot
China, known as "coolies," to be tiansported to any fot
eign countiy, port, 01 place whatevei, to be disposed of,or
sold, or uanstejicd, against then will and without their
consent, for any H-rm ofytaisoi for anytime whatever, a->
<-civ:mts or apprentices, ot to be held to nervier or laboi.
And if any ship or vessel, steamship or steam vessel, be
longing m whole or m patt to citizen* ofthe United States
and iciri.iteicd, em oiled, 01 otherwise licensed as aforesaid,
--hall be employed toi the j-aid purpo-.es, oi in the "coolv
trade," so called. 01 shall be caused to pioeuie from China
or eNc where, .is aforesaid, any subject* ofthe Goveinm< nt
of China for the pmpose oi fianspoitimror disposing oftlvin
as afoie-atd, cveiy *ueh Mnp oi vessel, steam-hipoi -team
vessel, her tackle, appaiol, finmtuie. and other appuitc-
nanccs, shall bo forfeited to the United States, and j-hull be
liable to be seized, pto>ecutcd. and condemned in au\ of
the cucuu courts 01 distnet court- of the United States lor
the di-t'icl wheic the said ship 01 vessel may be iound,
seized, 01 crimed.
The amendment which the committee recom-
mend iM, to stiike out of the first section tin;
words "against their will and without their con-
sent." The committee are of opinion that the
cooly trade -should be prohibited altogether. They
arc of opinion that persons of this description
should not be transported from their homes and
sold, under any circumstances; being, as is well
known, an inferior race, the committee are of the
opinion that these words will afford very little
piotection to thisunforUinateclussofpcople. The
committee have no idea that they shall be sub-
