2538'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
333) to increase the terms of the district court of
the United States for the district of Kansas, re-
ported it without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it be postponed indefinitely.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 184) to au-
thorize the President of the United States to ap-
point diplomatic representatives to the republics
of Hayti and Liberia, respectively.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for closing the present
session of Congress by an adjournment on Mon-
day, the 16th of June, instant, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGMED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 299) for the collection of direct
taxes in insurrectionary districts within the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 281) supplemental to " An
act granting the right of way to the State of Mis-
souri and a portion of the public lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said State,"
approved June 10,1852.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and
signed on the 30th of May the following acts;
An act (H. R. No. 329) for the relief of John
Goulding; and
An act (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of Horace
M. Hieskell.a paymaster in the United States
Navy.
And on the 2d of June:
An act (H. R. No. 089) to establish certain
post routes, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1S9) for the survey of
grants or claims of land;
An act (H. It. No. 450) to allow the State of
California an additional Representative in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress; and
An act (H. R. No. 47G) abolishingcertain col-
lection districts and reducing compensation of
officers of customs in California.
THIS SENATE CIUJIBEK.
Mr. HALE. [ hold in my hand a resolution
which 1 wish to have read and considered now,
and 1 want to make a very brief statement in
reference to it.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That acomimttcc of three be appointed l>y tlie
Chair, whose duty it falntll be to inquire and repoit to the
Senate whether some plan may not be adopted tor the ven-
tilation of the Chamber lit us piesent loeation, or hy a ie-
consiruelion of the Chamber by removing the same to tiie
outer walls of the building, so as to lender tiie same more
conducive to the health and comi'oit of those who aie le-
qnired to occupy the t-ame.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. CLARK. I think that resolution had
better he over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection be.no-
made, it must lie over under the ruie. °
NAVAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr WRIGHT. I ask the Senate to take up
a resolution which I offered last week. It is a
matter of inquiry only in relation to the Secre-
tary of the Navy. I move to take it up.
The motion was ngieed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Wright, on the 30th of May:
Resolved, That tile Secretary of the Navy be, and lie is
hereby, icqne^ted to communicate to the '.Senato wily an
Older, Issued on the Till of November la-t by t'nnimodoiu
Smith, for tiie tiiai, le>tin<:. and expeiimeiitiiieoi inipiove-
ments claimed by .Martin llifhop.ot Indian,., in tin; con-
struction o_( vessels oi war by which tiinbi-i is n-cd endwise,
S °l'"'I'^emeiits, lias not been tested bv inspection
taiget-shooting, as required by tiie older aioiesaid.
Ml'. HALE. I want to say a word to the Sen-
ate, and then they may pass the resolution, if the v
choose; 1 do netware. There is hardly a dav but
what the Committee on Naval Affairs are—1 was
going to say, pestered; but they have presented
to them constantly new plans for the construction
of vessels, new ways of cladding, new ways of
making projectiles, or something or other; and
the committee have to tell these inventors that we
have nothing to do with such matters; that Con-
gress have nothing to do with them; that they are
executive matters; but they are not satisfied, un-
less we give them a hearing. We gave a hearing
this morning to a man who had a new system of
submarine firing. If Congress undertake to in-
terfere in these matters, they will have their hands
full; for I venture to s*ay that taking the members
of the Naval Committee together, these applica-
tions will average more than one a day during a
whole session. If Congress take it up, it will oc-
cupy their whole time, and it is a matter with
which we should have nothing to do. The better
way, I know from experience, is to leave it to the
Executive, to which it appropriately belongs.
Commodore Smith is a subordinate of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and if he has made an order, it
must have been in subordination to the Secretary,
and I think it would be unwise and injudicious
for Congress to interfere with these matters which
are purely and entirely executive, and with which
Congress has nothing to do.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am sure the Senator from
New Hampshire does not understand this prop-
osition, or he would not object to it. This is a
resolution of inquiry, addressed to the Secretary
of the Navy. I will state the facts very briefly.
Mr. Bishop is a very worthy old gentleman of
my State, who has made some important improve-
ments, and I am inclined to think he is right. At
least he satisfied the Secretary of the Navy and
Commodore Smith thatliis project was worthy of
an experiment, and as early as the 7th of last No-
vember an order was issued to the commander of
the navy-yard hereto make the experiment. The
old gentleman tells me he has been there day after
day, and yet the matter has been delayed, and he
cannot get the experiment made. This is simply
an inquiry of the Secretary of the Navy why that
order has not been carried into effect; it is not ad-
dressed to the Naval Committee. I am ready to
present the facts when the Secretary reports; I do
not desire to take up the time of the Senate now.
I do not think there can bo any objection to re-
questing the Secretary of the Navy to say why
this order has not been carried out. It has noth-
ing to do with the Naval Committee, but is in re-
lation to an officer at the navy-yard, who has not
carried out the older of his superior.
Mr. COWAN. I believe I am opposed to the
resolution. There are a great many people in my
Slate who are constantly desiring me to go with
them to the Naval Committee to recommend pro-
jects of various kinds, and to endeavor to get that
committee to recommend them, I believe, witli
the Senator from New Hampshire, that Congress
has nothing to do with these projects, and is ut-
terly and totally incapable of deciding upon their
merits in any way. We employ engineers for
the very purpose of determining such matters,
and my invariable practice has been to teJl those
people to "go to the proper officer; he will iefcr
you, no doubt, to a scientific engineer, where you
will have to discuss your matter with him and
show him the propriety of it; we have nothing
to do with it." 1 should be very sorry to have
this project introduced here, because then every
man who has a new boat, a new gun, a new
wheel, or a new anything of that kind, will come
and insist on occupying our time for the purpose
of electioneering it for his benefit through the
medium of Congress. If there is to be influence
opplied on behalf of these men, let it be applied
to the proper quaiter, and I should say that is
the chief engineer, whoever lie may be. I do not
know him.
Mr. WRIGHT. I must insist that the Senate
shall at least vote understanding^ on this ques-
tion. I agree with the principle which Senators
have stated; but I think they misunderstand this
case. This is a case where an inferior officer has
not done his duty. What remedy has the party?
Twelve months ago ho came here to present his
plan; he offered to build a bout and undertook to
guaranty that in twenty days he could shell out
the confederates on the Potomac. The Secretary !
of the Navy thought there was something in ii, Ij
and directed the pioper oft'icei to make tin expor- i
iment. Now, why can it not be tested by the T
proper officer' This is merely a n solution of!:
inquiry directed to the Seeielary of the Navy to <j
ascertain why that order has not been earned out. !'
It is not a question of persons having inventions
which they ask Congress to take. This man went
to the proper officer, and that officer issued his
Older, but that older has not been carried out.
Now I propose, respectfully, to inquire of the
Secretary of the Navy why it has not been.
Mr. CLARK. Has not the Secretary power
to see that it is doner
Mr. WRIGHT. He has not done, it, and I
prefer to inquire m this way.
Mr. CLARK. Ifhe does not do it, why should
we interfere? The presumption would seem to
be that the Secretary of the Navy is entirely sat-
isfied why it is not done, and that there is some
good reason for it. Why should we interfere?
Mr. WRIGHT. When we have the Secre-
tary's answer, we shall see the reason.
Mr. GRIMES. I am going to vote for this res-
olution," for the reason that 1 think its passage will
relieve us from the evil with which the Senator
from Pennsylvania and the Senator from New
Hampshire say we are afflicted. This resolution
will go to the Navy Department, and they will in-
quire of the commandant of the navy-yard why
this thing has not been done; and he will proba-
bly report that it is wholly impracticable for him
to do it, and wholly impracticable for the reason
that ihere are ten thousand similar propositions,
and he cannot undertake it. When that answer
comes, as perhaps it will, it will satisfy a great
many people who are now clamorous about the
Committees on Military Affairs and of Naval Af-
fairs, and about individual Senators, trying to get
them to maneuver in some way or other to obtain
some test of their projectiles, their guns, their
ships, &c. My object is to have some authorita-
tive system from the Department itself, showing
what is the ability of the Department to test these
experiments; and that will probably satisfy agreat
many of these gentlemen that it is impracticable
to be done.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Indiana says
I do not understand this question. Let me see
whether I do or not. An order was issued from
Commodore Smith, at the head of one of the bu-
reaus, to Captain Dahlgren to make certain tests.
Mr. WRIGHT. The order was issued last
November.
Mr. HALE. That is, Commodore Smith, at
the head of one of the bureaus of the Navy De-
partment, issued an order to one of the subordi-
nates of the Navy Department, Captain Dahlgren,
to make certain experiments; and the Senator now
proposes to make certain inquiries of the Secre-
tary of the Navy why that order has not been ex-
ecu ted.
Mr. GRIMES. That is legitimate. Commo-
dore Smith is at the head of the Bureaif of Yards
and Docks; Captain Dahlgren is at the head of one
of the yards; and an order of the Secretary of the
Navy to the commandant of a yard always goes
through the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks. It was, therefore, legitimate, if the Sec-
retary of the Navy desired that this test should
be made, that his order should proceed through
the bureau having chargc of the subject. ]f it
was an order m regard to a projectile, it would
proceed through the Ordnance Bureau of theNavy
Department; if it was in regard to the construc-
tion of a ship, it wouid proceed through the Bu-
reau of Construction; if in regard to an engine, it
would proceed through the bureau having charge
of engineering.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that the course rec-
ommended by the Senator from Iowa will not re-
lieve the Senate from any difficulty. Whenever
a)i applicant finds that his application is not pro-
gressing exactly as he wants it to proceed, he will
come to the Senate praying that we puss some res-
olution of inquiry, directing the officer to report
to the Senate. I do not believe we had better in-
itiate that experiment. 1 suppose anybody can
ascertain by going to the Secretary of "the Navy
why this has not been done. It looks like a .little
reflection upon the Na\y Department, as though
we were not satisfied that they were doing their
business as they ought. 1 think we can confide
in them, unless \vu have jeason to believe they are
neglecting their duty. If the Senator from In-
diana has any w -'!Moundod reason to believe they
are wglecfrng their duty, I will vote with him
elu erfully.
Mi". WRIGHT, i will state to the Senate that
this gentleman is a man of some age and expe-
