58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 13,
37th Cons....2d
United States Notes—Mr. 3IcDouga.il.
Senate.
yard-stick, two feet long to-day, and four feet long
to-morrow. While in theory the word " dollar,"
in which debts are paid and values measured, is
fixed and certain, under the Constitution, it has,
in fact, been an ever varying quantity. I feel the
full force of the obligation to discharge debts by a
certain measure of value. Never under our paper
money system, however,. since the Government
began, was there a debt incurred for money bor-
rowed payable one year from date, that the value
, of the dollar had not changed in the mean time, and
been made to depend upon the amount of paper
issues of bank corporations. Now it goes up, and
now it goes down.
One other thing is certain, in my judgment; we
must take measures, by taxation or in some other
way, to restrain and control the amount of issues
of the State banks. There is no disguising the fact
that we enter upon a dangerous experiment not to
be repeated. We are upon the downhill road of
depreciation, and the only question is the rapidity
with which we shall go down; whether we shall
plunge so rapidly down as to destroy everything
in our course, or whether we shall put down the
brakes and steady our course downward. 1 be-
iiove, as has been said, that no legislation in the
world is capable of making any paper currency
which is not redeemable upon demand in specie,
equivalent to specie #r at par with specie. Specie
may be quoted above par—but another form of
saying paper is below par. Such is not the tench-
ingot" the history of the world. Such is not found
in the history of any nation; neither of Great
Britain, Prance, or the United Slates. They have
all made the trial.
While 1 am willing and will move to amend the
legal tender clause so as to apply it only to debts
hereafter contracted, I am not willing to go to the
full length of tho proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, to strike out the whole provision in re-
_ lation to the legal tender. If my amendment shall
be rejected, I shall still support the bill as a meas-
ure of war necessity, with more misgivings as to
its effect at homo and abroad than of any other
measure for which I have given my vote in this
body. I believe, as I have said already, that, next
to tUu calamity of war itself, are the evils of a de-
preciated paper currency. To use the strong lan-
guage of tho great statesman of Massachusetts,
Mr. Wehater—
" A tUimrannizi'rf currency is one of the. groiileKt of pollt
tea! evib. uiindmnhic.s the virtues tteci'shr.iyfor the sup-
port o!" the t-ochil system, mid encouragi's piopensitio.s dc-
Ntrilctivc nl'i!.-■ 11:i|>|>lni'::-:. 11 win s again-'! infin ity,fVltyetli ty,
Utld economy, uml it Inst(TW the eyi] -putts 01'o\!t ,tyay<,im:e
ilntl ypeellhillon. 01' nil llie contrivances toi rhenium the
laboring elast.e.1 o[ mankind, none has li.cn mine clleclual
timil that which delink", them with paper money. This is
till: most e fleettial el*inventions in fertilize the ticii mini's
Held by the tavctit ol th'1 pour nt;mIninv. otdmary tyr-
anny, oppression, etec.swive taxation, the.M! hem lightly on
tile iiappiiicHuf the iiKHtof tho community eoutpaied with
fraudulent currencies ^tttl tiie jobberies committed by de-
preciated paper.''
Now, Mr. President, all that I desire m this
hour of our extremity is, to defend, so far as we
may, our people from the evils of depreciated
paper curivncy. All concur that if these notes
must be issued, and that if we put them into the
hands of our soldiers without defending them by
all tho power of the Government, they will sud-
denly depreciate under the operations of bankers
and brokers, and we shall be guilty of indicting
upon our people an evil next to war itself.
While upon this subject allow me to say that
tho real truth is, that these paper money banks,
with few exceptions, so fai from lending money
to anybody, arc mere borrowers themselves.
They give nothing but their credit in exchange for
other men's promises, with this remarkable differ-
ence, thai they give their notes without interest
and take the people's notes oil interest, and with
good security. It is a simple and ingenious con-
trivance, such as the. philosophers of old could
novel-discover, to turn nothing into gold,by which
certain shrewd and clever men get intereston what
they owe. Other people have to pay interest on
what thev owe; but banks of issue are contriv-
ances tc- get interest not on the money they ieiid,
but on what they owe the community. The more
they owe the richer t'ley become. Banks of loan
and deposit are useful in many commercial trans-
Actions; I speak of ba.'ks of issue.
But,sir, we cannot ignore their existence. We
must recognize the fact, and take those measures
which are necessary and proper to prevent over
issues of paper by these institutions, or, at all
events, to regulate in some way the amount of
paper which may be issued by them. We can, by
the power of taxation, by putting stamp taxes
upon their notes, if in no other way, prevent these
institutions from pouring a deluge of paper money
upon the country, and thus with railroad speed
hurrying on still further and faster the deprecia-
tion of the currency of the country. Why, sir,
one of tho greatest dangers which I fear is that
they will take these notes we are about to issue,
put them into their vaults like so much coin, as
a basis for expanding their own currency; that
, for every five-dollar Treasury note which they
j put into their vaults, they will issue three five-
i dollar notes, or perhaps fifteen one-dollar notes,
j ofthcir own currency, thus trebling our paper cir-
I culation. While of necessity we are compelled to
i issue these notes, and to a certain extent inflate
J the currency ourselves, they, not from necessity,
; not from patriotism, but for gain and speculation,
j will go on, magnifying inflation upon inflation,
i building paper bubbles on paper foundations,
j thus hurrying us downward upon the road of
! depreciation utterly regardless of consequences,
j That is much to bo feared; so much that if it
were possible to pass another $10,000,000 note bill
to pay the expenses of the Government until the
House shall have had sufficient time to bring for-
ward its tax bill, I should much prefer that. We
could" then put the tax bill with this note bill, and
go to tho country with both.
If wo could have a tax bill in such a form as to
satisfy me, I should be perfectly willing to vote
for the issue of these notes without anything in
the bill on the subject of tender; but as this note
bill comes first and must be acted upon first, as it
is determined to use our credit before we lay our
hands upon our actual resources, I must insist that
we shall go just as far as'we can to keep these
notes from depreciating in the hands of those who
arc compelled to receive.them from tli? Govern-
ment—those brave and heroic men who peril their
lives to defend and maintain the very existence of
the Government itself, upon which the rights of
all, debtors and creditors, and the values of all
property and securities depend.
Mr. President, I do not know that this is the
proper time to offer an amendment to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Vermont, his being an
amendment to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance; but if it were now in order, I would
move to amend his amendment, so as to provide
that this tender clause shall affect only those pri-
vate debts which may be hereafter contracted.
Mr. h'ESSENDEN. That will not be an amend-
ment to his; his is a motion to strike out.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. As I understand that I can
propose my amendment afterwards, I shall not
move it now.
UNITED STATES NOTES.
: SPEECH OF HON. J. A. McDOUGALL,
i Of CALIFORNIA,
I
I In the Senate, February 13, 1862.
;i The Senate took up for consideration, as in Committee of
I the Whole, the bit! (II. It. No. 2-10) to authouze tiie i&sue
ol" Touted States noics, and t'oi tiie redemption or funding
1 thereof, and for funding tiie floating debt of the United
' States,
i! Mr. McDOlTGALL said:
Mr. Pr.EbmiiNT: lam not disposed to vote upon
a question as grave and important as the one be-
I fore the Senate, and involving so much of respons-
ibility, without gi\ing at least some reasons for
my action. In doing this, I will not undertakc,to
say that they, in all respects,satisfy my own judg-
ment, but they furnish me a sufficient, or at least
the best direction I have been able to find, in giv-
i ing my vote upon the pending measure.
if I had sought the place and occasion where I
could have best studied that greatest of lessons,
; the extent of one's own ignorance, I would have
y found it in this place, and on this occasion; for
e about this entire question I have wandered in
1 darkness, a darkness almost equal to that of the
i great cave ofKcntucky. 1 have heard the question
discussed in committee, I have heard the very able
discussion on this floor oil yesterday, continued
with great ability to-day. I have read the very
full debates in the other Hall of Congress. I have
read the numerous publications of the day, and
conversed with intelligent gentlemen outside of
the Government, and have found after all little
more than a conflict of arguments, and that the
ablest of our masters of finance were still seekers
after opinions. With all these aids I am still
compelled to a great extent to advance in dark-
ness. But as I have a duty to perform I will act,
whether wisely or unwisely, regarding action at
this time as necessary, and even ignorant action
better than no action at all.
The first question presented here is whether or
not a measure of this general character and pur-
pose is a present necessity. Thi£ is a very grave
question, as grave as any that can present itself
in this Hall. Necessity, it is said, is above all
law; it is better said, " Necessity makes its own
laws."
We are in the midst of a war, in its magnitude
and in its demand for pecuniary resources, with-
out a parallel. Our Treasury is now exhausted.
Money, which is the first term in the maintenance
of vigorous and successful war, is not only not to
be found in the Treasury, but the Governmental
present has not the means of supplying it. We
have been already great sufferers for want of it.
There has been the wantof prompt payments, or
the fair assurance of payments, at many important
points for months past.
I was at Cairo, the key point of the valley of
the Mississippi, during the recess of Congress,
sod I was there informed not only by the officers
of the quartermaster and commissary departments,
but by the generals in command, that the Govern-
ment had to pay, or contract to pay,one hundred
per cent, advance upon cash value for its purchases;
the fair credit of the Government had been ex-
hausted. 1 have now in my possession a letter
from a wealthy and intelligent gentleman residing
at Cairo, who has no connection with the Govern-
ment either as officer or contractor, stating that the
certificates issued for purchases made by tho Gov-
ernment, through its proper officers, could not be
negotiated at fifty cents on the dollar.
1 have been advised from time to time from the
same point that such has continued to be the case.
I was at St. Louis near the same time, and found
the condition of things but little better. The
Government had neither money nor credit, nor
had the officers of the Government anything within
their control which would secure credit. It was
supposed by many that this evil would be over-
come as soon as we should assemble here for pur-
poses of legislation. More than two months have
now passed since we met, and we have now be-
fore us but one of the measures necessary to the
recstablisliment of ourfinances; and I regret to say
the one that should have been the second, not the
first, in the order of the establishment of a sound
financial policy; with this, however, wo can have
nothing to do, as over it we have no control.
Some gentlemen of the Senate are of the opinion
that this war is to be concluded in sixty days. I
hope the sound judgment of those gentlemen may
come to be verified; but it is but a faint hope, Mr.
President. Yet, if the hope is justified, it cannot
be accomplished without means. The provision
of those means in money is a necessity, a present
necessity.
Let the measure under consideration fail, a new
system for the supply of means must be inau-
gurated. Observe that the system now proposed
is the result of an elaborate investigation made by
the head of the Treasury Department, whose duty
it is to superintend and comprehend the financial
affairs of the country. He studied the subject
with the aid and advice of the best informed men
of the country, and we all know he labored faith--
fully. His vjews were presented at an early day
in the session, and went, in the due course of busi-
ness, to the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives. After two months
of labor that committee matured this bill, embody-
ing a part of the policy of the Secretary, and im-
mediately related to his entire system.
It now comes to us. When we shall conclude
its consideration is yet doubtful. Strike out this
measure—I speak of it as a measure, though but
