1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
_ Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly, at the proper
time.
Mr. STEVENS. This is the proper time.
The SPEAKER. Let the bill be read.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, let it. be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not lose
his right to the point of older after the bill shall
have been read.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the reading
of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now raise the point of order
that this bill ought to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I remember
a (similar case where that was decided sometime
ago.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope my colleague will
withdraw that point of order. The Curtis bill,
which was almost identical with this, was con-
sidered by the House alone, with due considera-
tion, and was adopted by the House. I do not
think that this can be called an appropriation bill,
because, before any money can be appropriated
to pay these bonds, we would hove to go to the
Committee of Ways and Means, of which my col-
league [Mr. Stevens] is chief, and ask that com-
mittee to report a bill making an appropriation
for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. The question whether this
bill makes an appropriation or not, depends on
the construction of the law. The Chair will have
the taw read, and the section of this bill which is
supposed to make an appropriation.
The Clerk read the fifth scction of the bill, as
follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it fmthcr enacted, That for the purposes
harem mentioned, the Secretary ot'the Treasury shall, upon
the certificate in writing of the said eonimwMonors of the
completion of any forty consecutive mile* of said lailroad
and tcJeernph, ni accordance will) the ptovisionc oftlus ar t,
issue to said company bonds of the (Tinted States of ^1,000
each, payable in tliii rv voais .liter (late bearing m,\ per ccnt.
per annum interest, (sud inteiot-t payable semi-annuallv,)
to the amount ot sixteen of said bond* poi mile toi Mich
section of foity miles; and to secure the repajment to the
United States#,.as huieinalter provided, of the amount of
said bonds so i.-^uod and dHnornl to said company, said
company shall duly execute in favor o{ the United States a j
good and sufficient mortgage tUeteon. m accordance with
the laws of the State or vl'ei ritory in which the completed
^oeuon of said laihoad for which said bonds* arc immiuI shall
he. and deliver the same to the tfcoretaiyof the hiteiior:
lJrovidcd, That the mortgage so executed and dehvvied lo
the United States shall bo a iiist morti,M^e, and the section
of the road upon which it n executed shall be, at the date
of n> dehveiy, Iiee iroin all liens or other lneumbianccs
adverse to the United States.
The SPEAKER. I f the holders of these bonds
could present them at the Treasury and receive
money on them without the further action or order
of Congress, the bill would make tin appropriation
of money and must receive its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole. For the purpose
of ascertaining that fact, the Chair will direct the
reading of the ninth section of the act of March 3,
1853. "
The Clerk read, as follows:
t5KC. 9. And he it juiihcr evaded) That the Sreretaiy of
the Tiea^ury be, and lie is hereby, authorized to puicb.ise
at the em rent market price, any oi the outstanding stocks
of Hie United States as he may think mo-t advwible, fiom
any surplus funds in the Treasury: Piondcd. That the
balance in the Treasuty shall not at any time he icduced
below $0,000,000.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the hold-
ers of these bonds under that law of Congress,
could present them at the Treasury and if'there
was a surplus on hand of more than the amount
specified, could receive money on them. He there-
fore decides that the point ot"order is well taken,
and that the bill must have its first consideration
in the Committer of the Whole.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the House goes into
committee now, will the bill be a special order
there >
The SPEAKER. It must be the first hill for
. consideration in committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And must be considered '
as a special order there ? !
The SPEAKER. The bill is made a special ,
oi der generally, as well m committee as in the;
Hou.se, as the Chair understands. The Chair -
directs that the bill be lcferred to the Committee '
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to suspend the
rules, and go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 ask the gentleman, before
the vote is to ken on that motion, to permit me to !
submit an amendment to the bill for the purpose
of having it printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will have
the opportunity, I presume, to present his amend-
ment in the committee.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I desire to offer it now for
the purpose of having it printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not object to the gen-
tleman having his amendment printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to consent that
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois may
be printed merely, or that it may also be consid-
ered as a pending amendment to the bill in com-
mittee? *
Mr. CAMPBELL. What I said was, that I
did not object to the amendment the gentleman
proposes being printed. I presume he will have
an opportunity of offering it in committee.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
not object to having the amendmentofTered to the
bill, so that it may be considered as pending.
Mr.CAMPBELL. Ycry well; I will not ob-
ject.
There being no objection, Mr. Lovejoy sub-
mitted an amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute, to the bill; which was ordered to be printed.
ORDER TO P1UNT.
Mr, KELLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to move that the bill yesterday re-
ported by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Robuoii Conkling,] relative to a general bankrupt
law, be piinted.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
PACIFIC KAILIIOAI)-—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now ask for a vote on
my motion to go into committee.
"The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideiation,
as <i special order, of the bill of the House (No.
364) to aid in constructing a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses.
On motion ofMr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous
consent, the first reading of the bill was dispensed
with.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, a railroad
and telegiaph line, which shall curmcet the At-
lantic and middle States with the Pacific coast,
has become a military and commercial necessity.
By all the rules that govern prudent, just, and
enterprising nations, this groat work should be
prosecuted at once and with vigor.
H is surprising that a nation with vast resources
and enterprising characteristics should not have
completed a national project of such importance
long before this. The tardiness that has marked
the development of many of the nations of the Old
I World seems not to have piesided at the birth and
progress of the United States of Ameiica. Legis-
lation adapted to our necessities, to our growth
and progress, is the only course left for us to pur-
sue if we would hold our place among the nations
of the earth. And yet, in this regaid, in connect-
ing the States, Territories, trade, arid people of
the Pacific coast with the States, commerce, and
people of the Atlantic coast, we have resisted the
pressure of progress and the appealing necessities
of the times.
The people in conventions assembled, of all
parties, have resolved this railroad shall be con-
structed. Executives have called attention to the
subject until the stereotyped item has no longer
I attracted publicattcntion. Secretaries have urged
j and recommended in vain. Explorations and sur-
i veys have been made, and reports, embraced in
j huge volumes, incumber our libraries, and con-
, vert Congress into a publishing house, while com-
] mittees of both Houses have investigated and
reported, time and again, on the utility and prac-
ticability of the work in question. Nay, more
than this, m a recent eminent peril of collision
with a naval and commercial rival—one that bears
us no love—we ran the risk of losing, at least for
a time, our golden possessions on the Pacific for
want of propei land transportation, and shall wc
still pause, while the nation, sensible of the peril
and the escape, call loudly on us to organize
and push on this, the greatest enterprise of the
age?
I have referred to the tardiness that has marked
the development of material power in the Old
World, and yet, in the instance of granting Gov-
ernment aid to public enterprises of the chaiacter
of the one before us, they set us an example well
worthy of imitation. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent,] in a very able speech made
during this session, has abundantly shown that
England has guarantied governmental aid to no
less than seven railroad companies in British In-
dia, comprising some five thousand miles of road,
at a contemplated cost of $200,000,000. In other
words, to induce capitalists to embark in the con-
struction of these roads, Government guarantied
a certain per cent, profit on the entire cost.
The Russian Government has adopted the same
policy in xegard to the construction of her grand
system of national highways, while our neighbors
on the Canadian frontier, with Government as-
sistance, are pushing on their Grand Trunk rail-
way by the lakes and forests of the Northwest,
towards the inexhaustible minerals, the fine har-
bors, the increasing traffic of Puget Sound and
Vancouver's Island, with their proximity to the
fisheries of the Pacific, and the trade of the East.
Sir, we cannot afford to be idle. Nations are
never stationary. They advance or recede. We
cannot remain inactive m the midst of national ac-
tivity, without the loss of trade, of commerce, and
power. A stream which is dammed up in one
direction, will force a channel in a new direction.
The commerce which wc make no provision for in
its natural course, will find other outlets and en-
rich other people.- If wc would protect our vast
possessions and secure our proportion of the trade
of the world, we must be enterprising, bold, vigor-
ous, as well as sagacious. Steam applied to tr.ans
poitation by land and water has become almost
universal among civilized nations. The only way
to secuic economy, celerity of movement, and cer-
tainty, is to employ steam. This new element of
power has been brought into requisition m all the
departments of life. To dispense with it now
would be to return to the dark ages. Government
will derive benefit from introducing it wherever it.
can be done, m the military, postal, and other
operations of the nation. During the existing re-
bellion we have been enabled, by means of steam-
boats and uulroads, to concentrate more decisive
action on any given point in three months, than
otherwise could have been done within one year;
and this, too, at one fourth the cost.
On the ground of economy, which all admit to
be of the first moment in the present position of
public affairs, the construction of a Pacific railroad
will save the Government annually a large sum,
which truth } now propose to demonstrate.
General Samuel R. Curtis, in 18G0, then the
very able chairman of the House committee on
the Pacific railroad, estimated the annua! service
lequircd by Government, and which could be
better performed by a railway to the Pacific, at
$5,000,000 for Army and Navy transpoi tation, and
$1,500,000 for postal service, amounting together
to §6,500,000. But as this estimate was made from
approximation, and notfrom actual expendituies,
as per returns from the vatious Departments, the
real figures show, so far as we have been able to
procure them, that it was under the actual out-
lay. The following table will show the cost to the
United States, foi the transportation of uoopsand
supplies between the Mississippi liver and the
Pacific coast, per annum, for the past five years,
beginning and ending with the fiscal year. It will
be observed that it is in reply to a resolution of
inquiry addressed to the Secretary of War by the
House. (See House Executive Document, No.
80.)
War Department,
Washington City, D. C., Maitk 18, 166*2.
Sir: In compliance with the lesolution ot'the House of
llepieteiitativej, of the 19th liibtam. I have the honor to
transmit herewith a communication of the Uuarteimaster
General, eoverwg a repm I " showing the co-t to the Gov-
ernment lot the tian-.porration, pei annum, for the Uttt five
year*, by steam or othenvisc, toi troops arid supplies, be-
tween the Mi^i^ippi nvet and the Pacific coast, a* well as
lutoim^diate points."
Very icspectiuliy, your obedient spivnnt,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Galusiia A. GROW,
Speaker of the IIov-p of Repi-aentatiies.
