1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
3Yth Cong....2d Sess.
United States Notes—Mr. McDougall.
"Senate.
part of the entire system—and how long before
another can be matured into the forms of com-
pleted legislation ? To whom shall we look as the
person to originate this new policy? Shall we
look to the Secretary of the Treasury ? He lias
exhausted his knowledge of finance upon the pol-
icy now presented to us. Is there any gentleman
in this Senate, or in the other branch of Congress,
"who will undertake the enterprise, or undertak-
ing, will accomplish it? We will be compelled to
look to the head of the Treasury Department for
counsel in this matter.
The Secretary will again have to go through
the long processes of investigation, consultation,
and combination, and with care construct a new
financial policy, one to be sufficient to accomplish
its object, and not only that, but one that shall
Meet the views of both branches o£.Congress, the
Executive, and the country. The Secretary will
have to commence his work de novo. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the House ofRep-
resentatives, the House of Representatives, the
Committee on Finance, and this Senate, each will
have to commence its work de novo, and not only
to commence the work de novo> they will have to
conclude it, before any measure equal to that
which is demanded by a present exigent neces-
sity can be of any value to the country.
Mr. President, how long will it take with all
the appliances that can be brought into action thus
to mature and to give legislative life to any such
new policy? Longer, much I fear, than the period
assigned by the Senators to whom I have referred
for the final termination of this war. Longer, I
think, than with proper facilities need be required
for the complete reestablishment of the union.
Now, I say that such delay is a thing not to be
contemplated—not to be permitted. Prompt pres-
ent action is a necessity, and therefore the meas-
ure before us is a necessity. Not the measure
emasculated; not the measure deprived of those
features without which its originator and its
friends say it would be worthless, and worse than
worthless; but the measure complete in all its sub-
stantive parts. If this measure is a sufficient one,
upon which I am not able to pronounce, it should,
I think, have been a law long before this; it would
have saved us millions upon millions, and I con-
fess I cannot well understand why, with all the
machinery of the Government, it has been so long
delayed.
I have said I was not able to pronounce on the
sufficiency of this particular measure, neithercan
1 pronounceas to its wisdom. I again confess my-
self very much in the dark, and in my ignorance
I feel how important it is that those who under-
take to legislate, in times of great trial, for a Re-
public like ours, should be deeply instructed in
public affairs. I confess my want of instruction;
my pursuits in life have been such that, in matters
of financial State policy, I have almosteverything
to learn; and therefore I have to look around me,
not for scientific resolutions, but for opinions,
considerations, and counsel; and to a great ex-
tent, as I am advised, I feel bound to act.
This measure as it stands, in substance, is the
result of all the consideration which the very able
Secretary of the Treasury has been able to bestow
upon it. The Secretary is not merely an able
man—one of the ablest of the Republic—he is a
most careful, cautious, painstaking, just man.
He would not, and I believe has not, left anything
undone which he could accomplish with his own
ability, aided by the best counsel with which he
found practicable to advise. The measure before
us is the substantial result of his labors, and the
embodiment of his best judgment. It has also, I
understand, the approval of the executive head of
the Government.
I understand, then, that the executive head of
the Government, to whom belongs the conduct of
this war and its responsibilities, and the officer of
the Government under him, whose special duty it
is to comprehend and manage the resources neces-
sary to the maintenance of "the war, as well as the
other executive officers immediately about the
chief Executive, concur in the opinion that this
measuic, in all its substantive parts, is sufficient
for its purposes; that emasculated in any of its sub-
stantive parts, it would not be; and that the meas-
ure, as a whole, is a necessary one.
This is something. The necessity of the par-
ticular clause now under consideration is partic-
ularly insisted upon, and I can say further, that
all the opinions I have been able to gather from
men outofoffice who have reputation as financiers
has been to the effect that the bill without the legal
tender clause would be ineffectual in answering
the purposes of the Government. This view was
pressed earnestly this morning by the Secretary
in conversation, and I have great confidcnce in
his judgment in all that relates to our financial
affairs, much more than in any other man in the
Republic—I might say than many of any men in
the Republic. I certainly shall not measure my
judgment upon a subject about which I confess
ignorance against that of one who should be, and
I believe is, very thoroughly instructed.
1 say I am ignorant. It seems that I am not
alone. Even my distinguished, able, and learned
friend, the chairman of the Committee onFmancc,
says that upon this subject ho also is ignorant. I
prefer, then, to go to him I deem best informed
when I have to take advice, the same as if I sought
advice in matters of law 1 should go to the most
learned lawyer.
If I have to take advice, I prefer to seek it of
those who have most and best studied the subject
of my inqun y.
All the advice I have been able to secure outside
of the discussion here has been one way. I will
say now that the discussion of yesterday was one
of the ablest to which I ever listened, and it has
been continued with marked ability to-day; but
about the value of that discussion I felt I was about
as much of a judge as a layman going into a high
court would be able to judge of the exact merits
ofthe arguments of the adversaries contending be-
fore the court in a case involving the most abstract
questions in legal science, he having small knowl-
edge of the premises involved, and small skill in
the special deduction of legal logic. I was stiongly
impiessed by the objections advanced by the chaii-
man of the Committee on Finance, and the follow-
ing argument of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] almost convinced me. I was very
much inclined at the time to think that 1 saw light
on this subject, but as I reflected further, it seemed
to me that the light they shed only made darkness
more visible.
The result has been, Mr. President, that with
the light ofthe opinions I have mentioned before
me, under the influence of the consciousness of a
present necessity, I have been compelled to the
conclusion that if we have the right to pass this
law it is our duty to do it, and that now.
I shall not detain the Senate with anything like
an elaborate argument; but I will state some rea-
sons why I think we have the right. And here
lot me say that I have been raised in the school
of what is called strict constructionists, and such
I hold myself now to be; but I have lived Jong
enough to learn that there is more than one school
of strict constructionists. One school—and a very
large one, perhaps the largest—is that which
claims to construe it strictly, but always strictly
as they please. They can*interpret a word in a
dozen different ways, and always find an inter-
pretation that suits themselves, ingenious in the
sophisms of logic, and who seek not how the Con-
stitution should be, but how it can be construed.
That school devised and gave color of pretense to
this rebellion. I am not of that school. It is not
important here, however, what are my views of
the rules of constitutional construction. Some
gentlemen here would agree with me, probably;
others would not.
I will proceed to the question; and I will le-
quest the learned Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cowan,] who has presented his argumentagainst
the constitutionality of the legal tender clause, to
permit me to ask him a question.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator may
the Government declare, by law, that the money
which the Government is by the Constitution au-
thorized to coin, shall be a legal tender?
Mr. COWAN. The gold and silver coin ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. To coin money, is the
term of the Constitution. I ask him, may the
money which the Government is authorized to
coin under the Constitution be made a legal
tender?
Mr. COWAN. If it is coin of gold or silver.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not interpret the
terms; every man may interpret them for himself.
I ask, when it is constitutionally done, when
money is coined, can it be made a legal tender?
Is there any dispute about that, I ask the Senator?
Mr. COWAN. I do not dispute it, if the coin
is of gold or silver.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But I ask the question,
and I should like to get a categorical answer. May
the money which the Constitution authorizes the
Government to coil?be made a legal tender?
Mr, COWAN. Certainly; I should think so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is all I want. The
Government may make its constitutionally-coined
money a legal tender. I may as well say here,
and it requires butaremark,tliat the Constitution
in this connection does not say anything about
the subject of coinage, that is, of gold, silver, or
other metal or thing.
One of the wisest teachers the world has known
held that the understanding of the true moaning
of words was not only the whole mystery oflogic,
but the true key to the truth. His modeofteach-
ingwas, what does that word you use mean? He
affirmed that this art was the one least known;
and if it was so then, it may be so now.
i propose a brief inquiry into the meaning of
these two tahsmanic words, money and coin; and
I say to Senators, let us not confine ourselves to
our popular impressions—the impressions of the
day—but let us inquire fairly what these words
do in truth mean.
I affirm, to start with, that the true meaning of
the word money, at the time the Constitution was
established, was that currency which, with the
stamp of authority on the part of the sovereign
power, is used to facilitate the exchanges of a
country. I will remailc huie that, while the term
money is generic, it has an infinite variety of
species.
What did money ever mean? Webster defines
the woid money as describing paper money when
it constitutes a currency as well as gold and silver.
Money of iron was used in Sparta. Money of
brass is used in China. Money of shells is used
by many barbarous States. The tusks of the ele-
phant constitute money m parts of Africa. And
if any one were curious, he might collect a long
catalogue of material made to constitute money;
that is, the currency of a country authorized by
the sovereign authority to affect the exchanges.
It is simply the exercise of this sovereign au-
thority stamping it or authorizing it as currency
which makesitmoney. I say authorizing—foreign
com is money in the United States; it is author-
ized to be passed as money by our laws. Thus
much for the use of the word; and now a word
more as to its origin and application.
Its origin will be found in the Latin moneo; from
which moneta, also monitor and monitus. Each
of these words have several'significations in the
Latin, but the leading one is advise, or rather di-
rection or authority; as originally the advice or
direction signified by these words was supposed
to come frdm the gods, and expressed by their
own voice or omens, tokens, or prophecy, and
their will more particularly, by oracles, lightning,
&c. The particular reason why the name has its
present signification is, that the Roman money
was coined in the temple of Juno Jlloneta, under
her supposed direction and protection, and it was
at first rather descriptive of the place than the
thing.
That paper money was unknown to the Romans,
that it was unknown until within a comparatively
brief period, is no argument against the fact that
paper may not be made money. The progress of
modern art, the demands of a commercial age, and
the schemes of modern enterprise, have facilitated
and forced into existence a new form of money to
meet the new demands of a new age. This money,
or stamped paper if you please, the Government
denominates five or fifty dollars, and declares that
it shall be given and received as such. It is
this act of sovereign authority which makes the
stamped paper money just as it makes the stamped
bullion money.
The truth about it is, money has no such lim-
ited meaning as has been assumed. I am confi-
dent] can rest upon the definition I have first
given: ail that is required is the stamp of sover-
eign authority; and this money while it is of many
