558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
be performed by these officers so often and so
thoroughly as it should be. I hope, therefore,
that the Senator from Maine, to-day, or at any
rate by to-morrow, will join with me in having
at least an inspector appointed in every division
of the Army, so that we may have a well-trained
and well-fitted officer as an inspector in each di-
vision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, tlie unfinished business of yestei-
day is now before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that it be postponed
until this resolution is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done
if there be no objection on the part of the Senate.
The Chair hears none;
Mr. GRIMES. Air. President, I desire to reply
to the inquiry of the Senator from Maine. I do
not understand that it is the duty of the inspector
to have charge of these hospitals, but it is the duty
of a medical director, who has in charge all the
hospitals in a given distiict or division, or depart-
ment rather, of our Army. The business of the
inspector is to examine everything that pertains
particularly to the Army outside of the hospitals,
and to prevent, if possible, by any regulations he
can adopt, soldiers from getting into the hospitals;
in other words, to keep them well; but, after they
once get there, they come under the control and
direction of fhe medical director.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to make an inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. Is it not the duty of the Surgeon General,
•who is at the head of the medical department of
the Army, to look after the care of the sick in the
various hospitals; and would it not be better that
he should detail some one to correct these abuses
and look into them, than to bring the subject into
the Senate?
Mr. HALE. Let me ask a question also. Will
the chairman of the Committer on Mihtai y Afltius
be so kind as to inform the Senate where, in his
opinion, the real difficulty exi^tq?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. WV1I, sir, I
will endeavor to answer all the questions. In the
first place, I think it is the business of the in-
spectors general and assistant inspectors general
—and there are only eight of them in the whole
Army—to inspect our armies and to inspect every-
thing connected with them, and I think these in-
spectors are doing that. I know that Inspector
Davis, one of the best and ablest men in the Army,
is inspecting every regiment, its arms, its tents,
\Vagons, horses, hospital stores, and everything
connected with them.
Mr. GRIMES. What does he know about dis-
eases ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. He knows
there is something in the condition and keeping of
a hospital and what it ought to be, though lie is
riot a medical man. iiut it jh at the same tune the
duty of the medical men of the Army to have these
hospitals inspected and eared for properly.
In reply to (he question of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, 1 say it ik the duty of the Surgeon General
of the Army to see that these hospitals throughout
the country are provided with everything neces-
sary for the comfort of the sick soldiers, to have
everything cared for and put in proper order.
But the Senator from New Hampshhe has put
a question which I think teaches tin; whole sub-
ject. We have a medical board of about forty or
fifty men. A large portion of them are old men
who have been in the Army many years, have seen
little or no piaetice, and think they know every-
thing. They are mostly aged men; at any lute,
that portion of them at the head or near the head
of the corps, (think they ought to be retired, und
young, vigorous,and energetic men, men trained
m medical science, thoioughly understanding the
whole subject, should be put at the head of that
corps, lhe mcdtcal corps of the Army should
be reformed altogether, and made what it ought
to be. Ah it is to-day, sir, I have nothing but a
series of complaints coming to me as chairman of
the Military Committee from every poition of the
United States where we have camps and hospitals,
if you will eo u\io lhe hospitals of (he ie«riments
you w/Ii /ip-i (l)ar the t-ui^oons of the re^im-nts
are generally complaining of the management of
the department, and of the difficulty of havinn<
their inquisitions m< t.
I introduced a bill yesterday to provide for the
appointmentof eight ho-pital inspectors, with the
rank of lieutenant colonels, who shall visit these
hospitals and see to everything connected with
their condition. I hope, at any rate, that we shall
do that much. Then I hope that a provision will
be adopted retiring these medical men at sixty-two
years of age, and that the Surgeon General will
be appointed by selection from the whole medical
corps of the Army, and not by seniority. By that
system, the man who has taken the best care of
his life, who has done the least, and who has man-
aged to live the longest, is generally at the head
of the corps.
Mr. HALE. I think this is a time when the
truth ought to be spoken in reference to these
things when these evils are complained of. I am
informed by a gentleman that is one of the most
respectable physicians in the country, who had
left his practice and gone into the Army for the
patriotic purpose of serving the country, that this
is the fact in one particular: there is a list of
medicines fixed by the regulations furnished to
the Army, which a doctor may prescribe; and this
list of medicines from which a doctor in the Army
is allowed to prescribe was fixed between thirty
and forty years ago. No matter what new light
he may have got by study and experience or ob-
servation, if somebody was not put to death with
that dose thirty years ago, he is not at liberty to
administer it now. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, as I am telling the tiuth I will go on
a little further. A couple of gentlemen called upon
me yesterday—highly intelligent, patriotic gen-
tlemen, who had come here for the express pur-
pose of seeing if something could not be done to
relieve this crying evil, and they told me—I do
not say this to hurt anybody's feelings, but I say
it for the country, and for the Army—they en-
countered at the very outset this obstacle: the per-
fect jam of dead logs at the head of the concern.
" Well,"said I, "gentlemen, you are unfoituuate
in repaid to the medical department, but you are
not single."
Now, sir, when we have an evil before us, let us
remedy it. The honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has not gone far enough, and nothing
like it. You ought to have at the head of this
medical bureau not the best medical man in the
whole corps or in the whole line, but m the admin-
istration of this vital department of your Army
you ought to have the best talent, the best edu-
cation, and the best experience in the countr^.
The door should be thrown wide open, and this
old fogy notion of promoting up the doctors that
have slept and dozed 
Mr. CLARK. And doseu. [Laughter.]
Mr. 1IALE. Yes, sir; that have dozed and
dosed both, in the Departments for thirty or forty
years, ought to be discarded entirely, and the best
medical talent and education of the country ought
; to beealledmto requisition. Sir, if our Army con-
[ tinues during the year, at least twenty men will
! die in the camps from disease to one who will be
| slain in battle, no matter how vigorously the Army
i moves; and I say when such is the case we ought
j to throwaside every consideration butthatwhich
j relates to the interests of the Aimy and the lives
I of our fellow-citizens who have exposed them-
j selves to the peril of war. I say every consider-
ation but what is due to their health, their happi-
ness, and their comfort ought to be abandoned,
and we ought to have at the head of the medical
corps the very best talent that thcie is m the whole
country, and nothing short of that.
Mr. CARLILE. I offer an Amendment as a
substitute for the lesolution, to strike out all after
the word " lesolvcd," and insert:
That the Sui^con Geneial of the Ai my inform the Senate
what merMiie^. it any, have been taken to examine into
the o.iu' and tr< armentot the inmates m the vevei.il militarv
hospitals oi i he < mum v. and if any personal inspections of
said ho-pitai-i are made under lu> duection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. Let theSec-
retaiy lead the amendment.
The Secretary lead it, to strike out the words
" at Alexandria, Virginia;" so that the resolution -
will lead:
Rc^oh-c I That tlie Committee on MiUtaiy Allan-. ard the ■
Miiuia he iiivtua-ted to jmjuue into the condition and man-
agement of Hie Go*<'uinii'i!t hospitals, and to repoit -such
mea-ane- as nia\, m t!)<> npiniun of the committee, lie neees-
s?aiy to enncet any altUM-s which may exist m said hos-
pitals, and that they have power to send for poisons and ,
paper.'.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. CLARK. Now
let the other amendment be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment submitted by the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should iike to hear the
other one read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other is not
before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it is not before
the Senate; but still I think it would not bo at
all out of the way to have it read, so that Sen-
ators might know what other proposition is pend-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be pending
after the question is put on this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In order to decide on this,
I should like to hear the other. Perhaps we shall
piefer the other amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be read; but
it is not before the Senate, and has no connection
with it at all.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Car-
lile.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia now proposes to amend the original res-
olution, as amended, by striking out all after the
word " resolved,*' and inserting what has been
read.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
the Senator from Virginia is anxious to have every-
thing done that can be done for the improvement
of the condition of the hospitals and the comfort
of our soldiers. I hope, therefore, he will not pre-
vent any reasonable investigation with a view to
improved legislation. The question contained in
his substitute may be a very proper one to submit
to the Surgeon General of the Army; but I hope
it will not be inserted in lieu of the resolution now
before the Senate, as amended, on motion of the
Senator from Iowa. We all know that the Sur-
geon General of the Army, like any other old gen-
tleman who has been for many years in his posi-
tion, and has now arrived at the head of his corps,
thinks that that corps is perfect; and he will think
that all our debate and talk on the subject, and all
the complaints of the country, are very unreason-
able, indeed. We sent a bill to him the other day
that had for its object the improvement of the con-
dition of the medical corps of the Army, and con-
tained a provision something like what I have
now in the bill before me, which I introduced the
day before yesterday, which I will read:
" That there shall he eight medical inspectors, who shall
have the pay and emoluments each of a lieutenant colonel
ofeavuh\, and who <-hali he charged with the duty of in
.speeting the smitaiy condition of tianspoits, quaitei-, and
camp-, of field and general hospital*, and who shall report to
the Suigeon (Jeneial, undei «uch legulations as may here-
after be established, alt circumstances relating to the sani-
tary condition and wants oftioopsnnd of hospital*, and to
the skill, efficiency, and good conduct of officers connected
with the medical department; and thes>e inspector shall,
immediately after the parage of tins act, be appointed by
the PieHdent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, fiom the medical cotps of the Ainiy."
The Surgeon General admits that it is necessary
to have inspectors; he wants the improved rank;
but he did not want two things I had in the bill:
fiist, that the mspectois shall be appointed by se-
lection; and in the next place, that persons over
sixty-two years of age should be retired from their
places, because that will take from him and from
the old gentlemen who have arrived at the head of
tho^corps the control of affairs. I think the whole
difficulty is in that. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not move his amendment. If he does,
we must vote it down, if we have the power.
Air. CARLILE. I have no disposition what-
ever to embarrass any effort that is proper to be
made for the improvement of the condition of the
patients in the seveial military hospitals of the
country; but I confess that I am opposed to these
various committees of investigation that are got ten
up on almost any and every subject, costing the
Government a very considerable amount, paying
their traveling expenses as well as in bringing
before them, from various parts of the country,
witnesses of every description. If the object
(which is a good one) of the resolution can be had
through the medical department of the Army, by
personal inspection, I think it is preferable to any
