1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April. 8,
Missouri connect with all the great lines running
eastwnrdly to the cities of the interior and of the
Atlantic, including the lines to Chicago and Mil-
waukee, thence by watei and rail to thegrcatcittes
of New York and Boston; withthe Great Western
railroad to Toledo and Cleveland, with the Torre
Haute, Alton and St. Louis to Pittsburg and Phil-
adelphia, and with the Ohio and Mississippi rail-
road to Marietta,Wheeling, Baltimore, and Wash-
ington. Thus the whole eastern network of roads,
like the tributaries of a stream, are gathered up,
converged, and in a simple and natural way made
to form one grand thoroughfare to the Pacific.
Jn turning to the practicability of the route
adopted by the committee, it may be observed, in
passing, that the country from the Missouri river
to the one hundred and second meridian of longi-
tude presents no difficulty to the construction of a
railroad, as the surface is generally level, with
water in abundance. Timber is.scai ce, however,
and a supply of tins can probably only be obtained
from the mountains beyond, and it may be rafted
down the Platte. But of this it is proper to state
there still exists a difference among explorers.
Starting then fr6m the onehundred and second
degree of longitude west from Greenwich, the bill
provides in the eighth section that the line of said
railroad and telegraph shall commence as therein
provided, &c., and thence " running westwardly
upon the most diicct, central, and practicable route
through the Territories of the United States to the
eastern boundary of the Territory of Nevada, (here
to meet and connect with the Nevada railroad line
across the Territory of Nevada." Those inter-
ested in the construction of the road can choose
the most direct, central,and practicable route be-
tween the points indicated. Either one of two
routes contemplated would satisfy this descrip-
tion—the one west from Fort Riiey to Denver
City, through the Rocky mountains, and uniting
with the loute through the South Pass in the
Wahsuioh mountains, at a point about one hun-
dred miles southeast from Salt Lake City, as ap-
pears from the diagram before mo. Or the other,
to which greater attention has been called, better
known, of more easy grades, and lesscostof con-
struction, and surveyed by Fremont, Stansbury,
Beckwith, and others, to wit, along the north
branch of the Platte river, by the South Bass. The
latter route is the one to which 1 invite the atten-
tion of the committee for a few moments. The
distance from the mouth of Kansas river to the
South Pass i.s nine hundred and fifty miles. For
the first hundred miles of this distance, namely, to
Kansas ford, the average gi ade is one foot and one
tenth per mile; while from the ford to the Platte
rivei, near the ninety-ninth degree of longitude, a
distance of some two hundred and twenty-eight
miles, the grade does not average over four feet
and eight tenths per mile. To Fort Laramie, a
further distance of three hundred and two miles,
the average grade is eight feet per mile, while to
the mouihof (he Sweetwatei, some two hundicd
miles beyond Laramie, on the route indicated, the
grade will not exceed four and one half feet per
mile, with the exception of the last ten miles, on
which the grade has, from partial levels, been set
down at one hundred and twenty-three feet to the
mile; but this can-be avoided or vei y much re-
duced. Timber suitable for railroad purposes is
abundant on the Sweetwater,
One hundred «nd twenty miles further will bring
us to the South Puss, with avei age guides of four-
teen feet and seven tenths per mile, with the ex-
ception of the last ten miles, on which the grades
are twenty-two feet six inches to the mile. From
the South Pass, down the valley of Green river,
to Fort Bndger, for a distance of ninety-five miles,
the average grade is thirteen feet to the mile, and
"while there are some variations of grade theieare
no more than ordinary difficulties. From the fort
last named to Gieat Salt Lake City, a distance of
one bundled and fifty-eight miles, the ascending
and descending guides do not exceed an average
of forty-five teet pel mile, but foi (he last ten miles
of this distance, down the valley of White Clay
creek, the grade is eighty-foui feet to the mile,
while for thirty miles of the distance, down the
valley ot the Jordan, the grade is but three feet
and one half per mile.
.from Great Salt Lake City to the pass in the
East Humboldt mountains, at the foot of the
mountains, near the head of Franklin river, a dis-
tance of two hundred and fourteen miles, the
average grade is something over twenty feet to the
mile, while for a distance of twenty miles, ten
ascending and ten descending the pass, the grade
is fifty-eight feet to the mile up, and eighty-nine
feet down the pass. From the pass to the Hum-
boldt river, at the junction of the main fork, a dis-
tance of thirty-four miles, down the Humboldt
river in Nevada, the average grade is thirty feet
to the mile; while from the junction to Lassen's
Meadows, about one hundred and forty-two miles,
the grade is but four feet to the mile, and for one
hundred and four miles further to the big bend of
Truckee river the grades will not exceed ten feet
to the mile. From the big bend of the Truckee
to the eastern base of the Sierra Nevada, a dis-
tance of fifty-five miles, the grades do not exceed
an average of forty feet to the mile, when a dis-
tance of twelve miles, with an average of onehun-
dred and five feet to the mile, will bring us to the
summit of the Siena Nevada. Eighty-two miles,
with a descending grade averaging one hundred
and five feet to the mile, the maximum of which
will not exceed that figure, will biing us to the
western base of the Sierra; while twenty-five miles
down the valley of the Sacramento, with grades
of six feet to the mile, will land us at Sacramento,
on the river by that name, with twclvefcetof wa-
ter in the channel, and capable all the year round
of floating steamers of two hundred tons burden
between that city and San Francisco, one hun-
dred and twenty miles distant.
The whole distance from the mouth of Kansas
river to Sacramento City, is eighteen hundred
and sixty-five miles; and, in the judgment of your
committee, this route possesses many advantages
overall other routes, being the shoi test, most di-
rect, and practicable, as well as the one that will
accommodate the greatest amount of trade, and
reach the most dense population.
The Le<risla(uie of Nevada have incorporated
and authorized a company m thatTerruory, called
tiie Nevada Rail load Company, to construct a rail-
way and telegraph line through the same, the en-
tire distance being two hundred and seventy-five
miles. By the ninth section of the bill before us
the last-named company aie authorized to con-
struct a railroad and telegraph line, in conformity
with their charter, across said Territory, on the
same terms and conditions in all respects as are
provided in the act for the construction of the
main line. The Central Pacific Railioad Com-
pany, of California, a responsible company, with
a i unniug road from Sacramento to Lincoln, a dis-
tance of twenty-fi\e miles, are authouzed in the
hill under consideration to construct a railioad and
telegraph line from the Pacific coast at or near
San Francisco, or the navigable waters of the
Sacramento river, to the eastern boundary of Cal-
ifornia, on the same terms and conditions as are
provided in the case of the other companies. For
further information in relation to the California
road, as well as for detailed information on the
subject ©f that road, and its survey to the eastern
boundary of the State, I would refei to the able
report of T. D. Juduh, Esq., chief engineer of
the work, made in 1863.
It will also be observed that the ninth section
provides that the States of Oregon and California
may hereafter incorporate companies who shall be
authoiized to construct within I he limits of their
respective States a branch railroad of the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad, by the way of Rogue river,
Umpqua, and Willamette valleys, to a point on
the Columbia river at or near Portland. The
whole distance of this branch will be six hundred
and fifty miles; the Government i\id is not to ex-
ceed §8,000, in bonds, per mile.
The average cost of western roads is about
$40,000 per mile—some much loss. Tf we add
J'20,000 a mile on the Pacific road for extra grad-
ing, bridging mountain streams, and piocuring
ties, on a distance of eighteen hundred and sixty-
five miles on the mam line we have an estimated
cost of §111,900,000, a value quite sufficient to se-
cuie Government in the contemplated issue of
bonds.
The bonds are to be issued from time to time
whenever commissioners appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United Slates shall certify that forty
consecutive miles generally, and twenty miles in
more difficult places, of any portion of said rail-
road and telegraph line,are ready,in all respects,
for service, with all the necessary equipments and
furniture, with American rails of the best quality;
I and the number of bonds on certain distances on
j the line is regulated by the difficulties and costof
i construction, as fully explained m secy^n eleven
! of the bill; the most mountainous and difficult parts
receiving the greatest amount of Government as-
sistance.
The grant of lands embraced in section third of
this bill is caiefully guarded from abuse. Over a
great part of the loute the land grant is merely
nominal, and where it is not so the Government
will derive a benefit from the increased value.
The interests of Government are carefully pro-
tected in the bill. The issue and delivery of the
bonds to the company ipso facto creates a first lien
or mortgage in favor of the United States; and m
case of refusal on the part of the company to pay
the bonds when due, according to the provisions
of the bill, the Secretary of the Treasury has the
right to take possession of the road and fi anchises
for the use of the Government. The bill fuither
reserves mineral lands, and provides that all mails,
troops, supplies, and public stores shall be trans-
ported for Government at reasonable rates, not to
exceed the amounts paid by private persons for the
same kind of set vice; the Government at all times
to have a preference in the use of the road,and a
portion of the net earnings are annually set apart
for the payment of the bonds and interest. And
generally it is provided that Congress may at any
time, having due regard to the rights of the com-
paniesembraccd m the bill,add to, alter, or amend
the charter.
I now,gentlemen,submitthisbill to yourcareful
consideration—a consideration to which it is en-
titled in view of its great importance. This grand
undertaking will do more to unite us as one people,
will accomplish more by extending civilization
over the continent#-forcommerce and civilization
go hand in hand—than any other enterprise of
modern times; civilization of that high type which
shall spread the cultivated valley, the peaceful.vil-
lage, the church, the school-house, and thronging
cities, through the mighty solitudes of the West;
while the gold and grain of California, and an in-
termediate continent, flow in commingled tide to
the marts of the Atlantic.
Mr.PIIELPS,ofCalifornia, obtained thefloor,
but yielded to
Mr. COBB, who moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particulaily the Pacific
railroad bill, and had come to no resolution thereon •
COMMITTEE OX EMANCIPATION.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the. spe-
cial committee on the subject of emancipation, au-
thorized yesterday on motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, be increased to eleven members.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would suggest
thirteen.
Mr. WADSWORTI-I. I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Can a single objec-
tion defeat the motion?
The SPEAKER. The motion is only in order
by unanimous consent at this time.
POST KOUTfi BILL.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill to establish certain post routes; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that there are no
overland routes to the Pacific in the bill, and no
routes m reference to which there is any contro-
versy. I will also state that the bill contains no
general legislation except asingle provision in the
second section, which is recommended by thePost-
master General.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I will ask the gen-
tleman whether this bill is not to be considered in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COLFAX. That has never been the prac-
tice in reference to these bills.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I have two or three
comparatively triflingamendments which I desire
to tno\e to the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman can have his
amendments inserted in the Senate, i gave notice
to the House some two weeks since that it was
