2540
THE COJSFGBESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
June 4
RAILEOADS IN MINNESOTA.
On motion of Mr. RICE, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (S. Wo. 80) to authorize the
'State of Minnesota to change the route of certain
railroads therein named; the question pending be-
ing upon the amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands, to strike out all of the original res-
olution, and in lieu thereof to insert:
Whereas by an act of Congress, approved March 3,1857,
there was granted to the Territory of Minnesota lands to
aid in the construction of arailroad fiom Stillwater, via St.
Paul and St. Anthony, to a point between the loot of Big
Stone lake and the mouth of Sioux Wood river, with a
branch, via St. Cloud and Crow Wing, to the navigable
wateis of the Red "River of the North, the nouhern terminus
of which was fixed by the Legislature of said Teiritorv at
St. Vincent; and whereas it is now believed that the public
interests requite a change of location of a part of said bianch
road : Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate ami House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Confess assembled, That the
Legisiatuio of the Sfate of Minnesota is hereby authorized
to vacate said launch line at any point between St. Cloud
and St. Vinpcnt nnd leloeate the same, staitiri<* at any point
betweon Stillwater and St. Vincent to the navigable wateis
of Lake Superior, and to select, in lieu of land heretofore
granted, an equal amount ot land upon the new line wheu
located in lieu of that the said State would have been en-
titled to upon the line hereby authoiized to be vacated,and
no more : Provided, That no part of said lands shall be se-
lected from any Indian jeservation or any j escrvntion here-
tofore made for any public pmposes by the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask my honorable friend
from Minnesota to let this lie over until to-mor-
row morning', as it is my intention to present a
bill which I have drawn, proposing agrant of the
proceeds of the sales of certain public lands for a
road from Lake Superior, through Minnesota, to
the waters of Pue:et5s Sound.
Mr. RICE. This does not interfere with that
in the least. That road would cross far above
this branch, and this makes no grant whatever.
It has been recommended unanimously by the
Committee on Public Lands and by the General
Land Office, and as wo are near the close of the
session it is important that it should be passed
promptly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to interpose
any objection to this resolution, but I desire that
my honorable friend from Minnesota may see the
bill I have prepared, bearing1, as i think, on this
same route, d matter in which lie has an interest,
and m which we in Wisconsin have an interest,
it reaching to Lake Superior.
Mr. RICE. I know that; and if the Senator
insists I, of course, shall not object to the resolu-
tion going over.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it would be ad-
visable to let it lie over until to-morrow, but I
shall not make the motion.
Mr. RICE. I know the proposition of the Sen-
ator cannot interfere in the least with this, and I
would rather this lcsolution should not be post-
poned; but I shall not object if he is strenuous.
J think, however, he had better let the resolution
pass, and then he can move a i eeonsideration to-
morrow if he wishes. My health is not very
good, and I am not able to be hero every day.
Mr. HARLAN. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota to the phraseology of this
resolution in that clause which relates to the quan-
tity of land, it seems to me it ought to be amended
so as to lead 44 the same quantity of land per mile
and on the Name conditions*9'
Mr. RICE. Let ic lie over, and I will look at
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will lie over until to-morrow.
WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS,
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the consideration
of the joint resolution (S. No. 78) to suspend all
payments under the act appioved 23th of March,
1862, entitled " An act to secure to the officers and
men actually employed in the western department,
or department ot Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension," and for other purposes, was resumed
as in Committee of the Whole: the pending ques-
tion being o,n the amendment of Mr. Lane, ot
Kansas, to insert at the end of the resolution the
following proviso:
Pro aided . That nothing heiein shall be consulted to ap-
ply to the Kan>a-  tioopa.
^ Mr. G RIMES. I do not see the Senator from
Kansas in his seat, but when the Senator from
.Missouri was called home, he left a memorandum
with me desiring that I should take charge of this
resolution, and I have not found an opportunity
before this to call it up. He was opposed to the
adoption of this amendment, as it might negative
the whole effect of the resolution.
The amendment was rejected. "
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Missouri
left with me some amendments, which he desired
to offer. I move to insert the words " or employ,"
after the word organized, in the seventh line of
the amendment already adopted, so as to read,
" claiming to have been organized or employed
in the State of Missouri."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Another amendment which he
desired me to offer, was to add to the resolution:
And provided further, That within ninety days fiom the
passage of this resolution, the said eommissionersshal! ex-
amine and report upon all other claims arising under the
act aforesaid, whereupon payment shall be made as herein
prescribed..
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and the amendments were concurred in. The reso-
lution was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOWE. I move that all previous orders
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 307.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill*(S. No.
307) to grant the right of preemption to settlers
on certain lots in Wisconsin was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to di-
rect the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to cause survey to be made of that portion of lots
numbered ten and eleven, lying east of the river
Au Diablo, in township twenty-three north, of
range twenty-one east* in the State of Wisconsin,
which was not embraced by the confirmatory
provisions of the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruaiy 21, 1823, entitled "An act to revive and
continue m force certain acts for the adjustment
of land claims in the Territory of Michigan."
The privilege of preemption is to be extended to
the settleis on the unconfirmed portions of the
lots, according to such rules as shall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FREEDOM 0F SLAVES USED BY REBELS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to postpone all prior orders, to take up a
resolution offered by mo last week, calling upon
the Secretary of War for copies of instructions to
commanding generals in certain cases.
The Senate proceedtd to consider the following
resolution, submitted on the 26th of May:
Resolved, Thar the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate copies of any in&tiuetions to
commanding geneiaK in pursuance of the netofOongros-i,
approved August G, 1861, bettimjfiee slaves who have been
emplojcd, b\ the concern of their ma^tei-;, niMinst the Gov-
ernment and lawful auihouty of the United States; and also
to mtotm the Semite if any bteps have been taken to make
tin-- Mature effective, and to im-uie its due execution by our
advancing atnues for the benefit of slaves who have been
so employed.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
Mr. SHERMAN, i move to postpone all prior
oiders, with a view to take up the resolution fix-
ing a quotum. I will not press it to a vote now,
but wish to leave it so that it will be the unfinished
business of the morning hour foi to-morrow, hop-
ing thai then we shall come to a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator moves
to postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the resolution
fixing the number to constitute a quorum of this
body.
Tnc motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
befoie the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator will
allow that to be set aside. There is a bill herein
iclation to the Territory of Arizona, which has
been reported by the Committee on Territories,
which should be passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire is that the res-
olution shall stand as the unfinished business of J
the morning hour, and I give notice that I shall
ask a vote on U to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be passed over,
it will lose its position as the unfinished business
of the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then Imovethatitbemade
the special order for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow morning.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a resolution which
naturally takes precedence of that, a resolution
for the expulsion of the Senator from Oregon. I
forebore pressing it last week on account of the
absence of that Senator from his scat, at the sug-
gestion of his colleague. I observe that the Sen-
ator has now returned to his seat; and it does
seem to me—I must say it frankly—wrong in the
Senate to proceed with the consideration of im-
portant public business, particularly the tax bill,
while the Senator is in his seat, against whom a
committee of this body, after the most careful ex-
amination, has come to the conclusion that he is
disloyal. Now, sir, i have no desire to debate
the question at all; I simply wish to have a vote.
I wish that my name should go upon the record
as for carrying out the recommendation in the
report of that committee; but, as the Chair ob-
served the other day, this is a question of high
privilege, and I think that it ought not to be any-
longer postponed, and I therefore 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend will allow
a vote to be taken on my proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I give notice that I shall call
up the other resolution as a question of privilege
at the earliest possible moment to-morrow morn-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot allow this to be made
a special order, so as to exclude the considera-
tion of the other question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the Sena-
ator from Massachusetts 
THE TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesteiday,
which is the bill (H. R. No. 312) to provide in-
ternal revenue to support th^ Government and
pay interest on the public debt, the question be-
ing on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] to insert on page
97, at the end of line three hundred and orje:
And provided further, That a drawback of one cent per
pound shall be allowed on all such cotton when expoited
in a manufactured state.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the yeas and nays
were ordered on that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think if that goes in it
may as well go in the drawback section; and
therefore, unless some gentleman objects, I will
withdraw it for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection it can be withdrawn. The Chair hears
none.
The question recurs on the amendment of the
Committee of the Whole, striking out the whole
clause imposing a tax on cotton.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to enter a privileged
motion. I want to move to recon^^r the vote
by which the last section of the Hill was agreed
to in the Senate yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The section with refer-
ence to the direct tax ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. I have a notion ot
holding on to that, if we do not get anything else.
If we can get something else ni the bill, I shall
withduiw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion to reconsider will be entered, and it will be
taken up when that section shall be reached in the
ptogress of the bill in regular order. The ques-
tion is on striking out the clause in the bill rela-
tive to cotton.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say one word,
as it is said by some Senators here that this ques-
tion about drawback ought to be passed upon be-
fore the question of fixing the tax. I shall vote
for the tax upon cotton, and, at the same time, I
avow that, for one, I shall vote against allowing
a di^fcvbaek as provided for in the section of the
House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection, I
believe, on the partof anybody here to providing
that there shall be no drawback on raw cotton.
