1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55 9
report that-we may get here from an investigating
committee of this body.
But, sir, as I will not throw any embarrass-
ment in the way of anything that is supposed to
be proper in relation to this matter, I will, at the
suggestion of the chairman, withdraw my amend-
ment; but as the resolution is one of inquiry,
going to his committee, I hope, instead of the
committee sending for persons residing in the
neighborhood of the various hospitals to appear
before a committee of this body, that the moile
indicated in the substitute which I proposed, or
some similar one, will be suggested.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MESSAGE I.'R03I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill, in which the
concurrencc of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 208) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 908) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending 30th Juno, 1862, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
ORDER 01' BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday, is now before the Senate.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 move that all prior orders
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. No. 25)
providing the mode of paying the awards author-
ized by the act of March 3, 1861, for settling the
Washington and Oregon war debt.
Mr. HALE. I suppose that is a subject that
will give rise to some debate.
Mr. NESMITII. I think not. 1 would not
move to take it up if I thought it would give rise
to much debate. It is a very plain case. There
is a report from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs accompanying the resolution. I do notthink
it will occasion any prolonged discussion, or I
would not move to take it up at this time.
Mr. HALE. I am exceedingly anxious to ob-
tain the action of the Senate oil ceitairi matLers
relating to the Navy, which have been a long time
pending before the Senate. If this joint resolu-
tion will give rise to no debate, I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not think it will.
Mr. HALE. Before the question is put on this
motion, I wish to ask the honorable Senator from j
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] a question. I under-
stand he is entitled to the floor on the special or-
der, and I wish to consult his wishes in my vote
on postponing it. If he wishes to go on this morn-
ing, I shall be against postponing the special
order.
Mr. NESMITH. Before making the motion
I consulted the Senator from Tennessee r/n the
subject, and he indicated to me that he was not
anxious about it at present.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish merely to say that I i
did not obtain the floor on the special order, and j
I have not the floor. j
Mr. NESMITH. I will withdraw my motion. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the special !
order is before the Senate. |i
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed Ij
to the consideration of the report of the Committee !'
on Naval Affairs, on the purchase of ships by the 11
Secretary of the Navy. Ij
Mr. SHERMAN. The icport referred to in- ||
volves no legislation. It is a resolution of censure, j.
It will excite debate, and take up valuable time; j
and there are several bills on the Cah-ndai relating 'i
to practical legislation. It seems to me, under the ;
circumstances, that we ought tu dispute of the case ,
that is nowpondmg, involving the right of ameni- '
ber of the Senate to his seat.
Mr. HALE. I will waivemymofion,and move
to take up the bill for the construction of iron-clad
steamers. That is a practical measure, and one ij
which the Department have been waiting for for 1 i
some time. .1
Mr. SHERMAN. That ought to be passed
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
taking up fchc bill indicated by the Senator from
j New Hampshire.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to say that I do not
| believe there is any question of practical or imprac-
! ticablelegislation moreimportant, and demanding
i action more promptly, than that question which
has been under debate here in the Senate for sev-
eral days touching the right of a member to his
seat here, touching the question of his fidelity or
his infidelity to the Government of the country.
It is a question which ought to be settled, I think,
before you attemptany question of legislation,
and I really hope this motion will not be pressed.
Mr. HALE. Iftherc was anybody who wanted
to address the Senate on that subject now, I would
cheerfully give way.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is not , we can have
a vote.
Mr. HALE. Or, if the Senate wore ready to
vote upon it, I would be willing to give way.
Mr. HOWE. One or the other will be done,
if the subject is taken up. If nobody desires to
speak the vote will be taken.
Mr. HALE. The Senate is not full, as it
should be when a vote is taken on that question,
and I insist on my motion. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] desires to
speak to the resolution in relation to the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] but does not desire
to speak to-day. That will change my action on
this question. I hope, therefore, it will be allowed
to go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bei ng the case, it
will perhaps change my vote also;"but I think it
is due to the Senator from Indiana, and due to the
Senate, that we should dispose of this case. I
think this going on to legislate, and postponing
the right of a member to hold his seat here, is all
wrong; nlthough if the Senator from Tennessee
desires to speak on the question, and is. not pre-
paied to-day, and no one else desires to speak, I
will acquiesce in its going over. I shall do that
very reluctantly to-day, and I shall govern myself
heieafter so as to endeavor to bring thisquestion
to«an issue, and have it disposed of. It is in the
way of othei legitimate business of the Senate that
1.3 pressing, but I think that it has supeiior chums
upon the body to be determined at the earliest
practicable moment.
Mr. HOWE. Before the resolution, offered by
the Senator from Maine, shall be put to a vote, I
had intended to offer the reasons to the Senate
which would control my vote, unless some one
in the course of the debate stated those reasons a
little more accurately than they have been yet
staled. 1 am not at all particular as to when 1
speak, when I peifoun that duty which I owe to
myself rather than to anybody else; but! amveiy
anxious that that resolution should be disposed of
as early as possible. If there is any question
which is deemed to be urgent, and which any mem-
ber of the Senate wants to bring up to-day, I cer-
tainly will not ask to speak myself to the exclu-
sion of such business, but 
Mr. JOHNSON. By permission of the Senator,
I will just say here f hat I do nor, desite the Senate
to postpone the consideiatum of this resolution on
my account. I have not delayed it one single
moment since the discussion commenced; nor do
I desire it to be delayed a single moment on my
account. 1 have indicated no desire to speak, nor
have I given out any indication of the sort; but,
as has been said by the gentleman on the floor,
when the Senate come to take final action on the
subject, I may peihaps state the reasons that will
influence me m my vote in the resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my colleague will allow |
me, as he has indicated a desiie to speak, i hope !
the special order will not be postponed, but that !
we may go on with it as the regular busrness of j
the day. i
The question being taken by yeas and nays, j
resulted—yeas io, nays i23: as follows: 1
YEArf —•! Uithony, (Jaii;i<\ Foot, Fo-t'-i, (Junior, ■
i[au\ il-Ti'let -Oil. Howiud, Johnson. L Pow eJi, Rice, •
rfai.W)Wiy, bhetman, and Ten E\ck—lo.
NAYS—MV--i Ijiou'intis, Ciidnuk i, Claik, Cullamci,
Cowan. Da\:x Divon, Doohttle, Flowe. Kennedy, |
Lane ot'liwliana, Mori ill. Nevmith, iV.n-cp, Pometov. ^un- 1
mons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willev, and
Wilson of Masbacliusetts—23.
So the motion to postpone the special order was
not agreed to.
PllOPOSED EXPULSION OF MB. BRIGHT.
The Seriate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution submitted by Mr.Wilkinson
on the IGth of December last, and which had been
repoited upon adversely by the Committee on the
J udiciary;
Whoieas Hon. JesseD. Bright heretofore, on the 1st
day of Match, 1861, wrote a letter of which the foUowiii"
is a copy: ®
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Dear Sir : Allow me to introduce to your acouaint-
aneo my friend Thomas 1!. Lincoln, of Texas. Ho visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what he lecards a -real
improvement m flic arms. 1 leeoinmcndhim to youi favor-
able consultation as ageiulcman ot the fiist respectability,
and i Pliable in every respect
Very truly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To Ilis Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President oj the Conjederationo/ States.
And whereas we believe thes-nic! letter is evidence of dis-
loyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give aid
and eoinfoit to the public enemies : Thereiore,
Be it resolved the said JesseD Bright is expelled
from his seat in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have only to
say, in the outset, that I would very much prefer
to listen to the Senator from Tennessee, if he de-
sires to address the Senate, than to speak to it
myself; but if he does not desire to address the
Senate to-day, or is not prepared to do so, I will
oflfer some few remarks upon the resolution before
the Senate, with a view of explaining, as well as
I can, the reasons for my own vote, rather than
to attempt to assign reasons which should control,
or with any hope of controlling the vote of other
members of the Senate.
I regard the question pending as an important
one. i agree with the other Senators who have
preceded me in the debate, that it is really the
gravest and most imposing one I ever heard de-
bated. There are three parties interested in it;
there are the people of Indiana, who have asserted
the right to be represented here in the person of
the sitting member; and there is the sitting mem-
ber himself, who claims the right to hold his seat
here; and there arc the people of the United States,
who have a right to be represented here by their
friends, not by their enemies; by those who ad-
here to their Government, and now by those who
oppose it; by those who will maintain it, and not
by those who would help to overthrow it, or would
sit idly by and see it overthrown.
The right of the people of Indiana, perhaps, is
in no great danger from our action. If they really
insist on bring iepresented here by the sitting
member, they may icturn him, although our judg-
ment should be that he is not qualified for a seat
in this body. If they really wish to be repre-
sented here by that individual, they can make it
known by an express declaration to that effect.
Upon the right of the people of Indiana therefore
our action will not be final.
The right of the sitting member, I judge, is in
some danger, and I think it a very important one;
and I am soiry for one that the honorable Sena-
tor himself does not feel more deeply interested
than ho professes himself to be in the issue of this
controversy. I regaid the judgment of this Senate
upon a rjuesiion of this kind as a momentous one.
It cannot fall idly, let it fall as it will. If it be
against the right of the sitting member, it may not
be right; but H will be effective for more purposes
than the displacement of the member himself. It
will have its influence in making up history, and
in contiollmg the judgment of history.
History, 1 believe, is not well agreed as to
whether the Paihamcnt of England was justified
in pasong abillof attainder agnmstSir John F ?n-
wick. But the act was passed; and histmy is en-
tirely agreed that Sir John Fenwick descived the
fate he received. History may not be agreed as
to whether the evidence before the Senate in this
case is or is riot sufficiently clear and explicit to
warrant the judgment of dispossession; but if that
judgment should follow; if that judgment should
be pronounod when th .- vote is taken upon this
resolution, histoiy eunnot doubt, and will not
doubt, that then- wei - i^rave reasons for suspect-
ing the loyalty of the Senator from Indiana when
the Senate came to such a conclusion.
I say these things, therefore, for the purpose of
Indicating to the Senator from Indiana, a<nd to
