1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
STth Cong....2d Sess.
61
Confiscation of Property—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
eral confiscation. The machinery through which
the act is to be made effective is provided in sec-
tion four, as follows:
That it shall bo the duty of the President of the United
States, as often as in ins opinion the military necessitiesof
the Army, or the safety, interest, and welfare ot the United
States, in regaid to the suppression of the rebellion, shall
require, to order the seizure and appropriation, by such
officers, military or civil, as he may designate for the pur-
pose, of any and all piopeity confiscated and forfeited undei
and by virtue ot this act, situated and being in any district
or the United States, beyond the reach of civil pioeess in
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings by reason of
such rebellion, and the sale or other disposition of said
piopeity, 01 so much of it as lie shall deem advisable.
The fifth section provides:
That it shall be the duty of the officers so designated to
make to the Piesident full lepoitsof their proceedings under
such orders, which lepoit shall be filed 111 the office of the
Secretary ot the Treasury; and all moneys received on the
sale of the confiscated piopeity of any person as aforesaid
shall be deposited in the United States Treasuiy.
The second section provides for the disposition
of persons held to service or labor in the rebellious
States; and among other things it contains this
provision:
And whenever any person claiming to be entitled to the
service or labor of any other person declared to be dis-
charged fiom such labor 01 seivice under the provisions of
this act shall seek to enforce such claim, lie shall, in the
first instance, and before any order for the surrender of the
pSison whose service is claimed, establish not only hit- title
to such seivice, as now piovuleri by law, hut also that he
is, and has been duung the existing rebellion, loyal to the
Government of the United litates.
The third section is in these words:
That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to make piovision for the transportation, coloniza-
tion, and settlement in some tiopieal country, beyond the
limits ot the United States, of such persons of the African
race made free by the provisions ot this act as may be will-
ing to emigrate, having fhst obtained the consent of the
Government of said countiy to their protection and settle-
ment within the same, with all the lights and privileges of
freemen.
The magnitude of this measure appears upon its
face, and in considering it I have sought to with-
draw myself from the angry influences that pre-
vail in every country during all times of war, and
particularly in times of civil strife. I have sought
my opinions and arrived at my conclusions upon
consultation with those great and wise men who
have beerf* the acknowledged masters of opinion
throughout the civilized world for many ages. I
shall undertake to produce their views and opin-
ions, and shall have but few arguments or opin-
ions of my own to advance for the consideration
of the Senate.
Before, however, entering particularly into the
discussion of these considerationsas they are fur-
nished to us by the great authorities of the past,
I will call the attention of the Senate to a slight
glance at our past condition and make at least one
question as to our course in the future. It is not
two years sincc that peace prevailed throughout
all this land. It is not two years since there was
a brotherhood among our own people of all parts
of this Confederacy. The man from Maine was
at home in Louisiana; the man from Florida was
at home on the banks of the Oregon. At that time
a.large majority of the people of all the southern
States, with perhaps the exception of South Car-
olina, were friends of this Government. After the
period I have named', eloquent voices were heaid
throughout all the South advocating the Union, the
maintenance of the integrity of the entire Union.
Since then, Kentucky and Tennessee, by theirpop-
ular voice, declared at the ballot-box their attach-
ment to the Union.
The estimate placed by the leading conspirators
upon the popular sentiment of other southern
States can be well understood from the fact that
they did not dare to submit the acts of secession.,
managed and produced by a few leaders, to the
popular voice.
For many years a small band of desperate con-
spirators, by careful and secret organization, have
been endeavoring to effect the result we now wit-
ness. How did they proceed? They proceeded
with a fixed and definite purpose; they organized
secret societies with that common purpose; they
affiliated with all parties for that same purpose;
they got possession of the Executive chairs of the
various southern States; they got possession by
managementof their Legislative Assemblies; they
got possession of their military organizations;
they got possession of all the State and Federal
arms throughout the South, and what they had
not of their own of right they procured through
the agency of the conspirators within and about
this Capitol. The result was, that when the
standard of rebellion was raised these conspira-
tors had brought about them the violent, the des-
perate, the reckless, and the worthless portion of
the community throughout the South, (there, as
well as elsewhere, too numerous,) with arms in
their hands; and they overwhelmed, compelled,
and subdued the large majority of true and loyal
men throughout the South, who found themselves
surprised without arms or organization.
What I now state is illustrated by what we are
at present witnessing. The loyal men who re-
ceive our troops on the banks of the Cumberland
and the Tennessee with shouts and with tears of
joy are not men who have changed their opinions
on this subject. They have been compelled for
the sake of their lives, of their families—from ne-
cessity, if you please—to remain silent, and even
to go so far as to express sentiments they do not
• in fact entertain; but the flag of the Union is as
dear to them now as it is to us. It has been evi-
denced there; and I undertake to say the same ex-
hibition of sentiment will be continued wherever
that flag is moved throughout the States now in
rebellion.
Then at least we have no right to say that the
people of the southern States arc m fact disloyal.
They are unarmed and subject. What is it that
is proposed to be done ? Is there any one here in
the Senate, a lover of his country, of the institu-
tions established of old, under which we have pros-
pered, who does not earnestly desire the reestab-
lishment of those institutions and the return of
peace bringing with it in its tram happiness and
prosperity? If this is to be accomplished, in what
spiiit is it to be accomplished ? Is it by subjuga-
tion ? Is it by making the people of the South go
under the yoke ? They will have to be subjected,
not subjugated—subjected, not to you or me; not
the South to the North; but be made subject to the
Constitution and the laws of the Union, and when
they have been made in truth subject to the Con-
stitution and the laws, then peace will have re-
turned again.
Sir, as far as I am able to read of the wisdom
taught by the history and counsehngs of the past,
the measure now proposed can never secure peace.
The policy involved in it will continue an angry,
remorseless, relentless war, which, if it do not
involve subjugation, will involve extirpation. I
fear that the country, and not only the country
but the Senate have been led wild with anger; that
they have caught some of the angry spirit of their
adversaries, and instead of taking lessons from the
great States of the world, and the great teachers
of ancient and modern times, have taken their ad-
vice from Richmond and Montgomery.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to read some-
thing of what is and has been the rule of clem-
ency in war among States both in the ancient and
modern times. It is well known that the great
council of the Greek States, established in the most
remote period beyond histoncal records, the Am-
phictyonic Council, was established for the pur-
pose of promoting the laws of humanity in time
of war between the confederated States—that
such was the great office of that council. While
war might be carried on against the barbarians be-
yond tfc confederacy or with other Governments
with a relentless arm, a war againsta rebellious city
or State of the confederacy was limited by fixed
laws, laws enforced by oaths imposed upon the
leaders who conducted the forces into battle. One
of those rules was that they should not destroy a
confederate city; another, that they should not cut
off the supply of water during a siege; another,
that they should not be guilty of the crime of sac-
rilege. They were not permitted to pursue their
adversaries who had sought sanctuary in the tem-
ple of the Delphian god. They were not permit-
ted to rob those temples of the consecrated treas-
ures. Other provisions were made of the same
character. Their office was to restrain the violence
of war among the Greek States. They were much
more considerate of their own people, though in
rebellion, or though violating the compacts upon
which the council was established, than they were
of strangers.
On the subject of how the Romans carried on
war, and how, while adopting a liberal and gen-
erous policy, they extended their city and the
strength and wealth of their State, and how after-
wards, by adopting the contrary policy, they
made, instead of friends, enemies, we have the
benefit of the opinion of a man most eminent for
wisdom. I will read a few passages cited by
Wheaton from Cicero:
* "In private life we ought, perhaps, to be satisfied with
the repentance of an enemy, testified in such manner as to
render impossible fresh aggression on hi« part, and to in-
timidate otiiers from committing the like offense. In public
relations, the laws of war are to be strictly observed ; for
there aie two modes of settling controversies-, one by dis-
cussion, the other by a lesort to force. The fiist is proper
to man, the second to brutes, and ought never to be resoited
to except where thefoimei is unavailable. The sole object
ol war is lo enable us to live undistuibed in peace; and vic-
tory spares the'conqucred, unless tliev have forfeited their
title to foibeaiance by first violating the laws of war in
piacticmir ciuelty. Thusthe old Romans accorded the po-
litical lights of the city to the Tu- culan«, Sablncs, and
others; but they razed to the ground Carthage and Nu-
mantia. The destiuction of Conntb was ceuainly to be re-
gretted ; but the severe conduct of the Romans towards that
city was explained by the fact of its local position favoring
aienewal of the war. According to Cicero's opinion, how-
ever, an offer of peace winch has nothing insidious m its
terms ought never to be refused. It is not only a duty to
spaie the vanquished, but to give quarter to the gammon of
a bot-ieged town offenng to sunendei after a bicach made
in the walls. He asserts that this lulc had been so scrupu-
lously obNei vert by his counti>inen that those geneials who
had received the submission of conqueied cities or nations
became their pations accouling to the ancient law and cus-
tom." ******
"The oblivion of these principles of justice and mercy
by the Romans in their conduct towards other nations was,
according to Cieeio, the mam cause of the decline and lali
of the republic, which heaflirmsto have been well merited,
and as it wore awarded by the justice of the gods. 4 So
long as the Roman people,* says he, < maintained its cm-
piie by benefits and not by injuries, so long as it cauied on
wars cither to e\teud its empne, or m defense of its allies
those wais weic uninitiated by acts of clemency, or of ne-
eessai) severity. The senate was an asylum for kings,
people, and nations. Our magistrates and generals placed
their chief gloiy in protecting with justice and fidelity the
piovinces and allies. Thus Rome merited the name of pa-
tiouess lather than that of nin-ttess of the world. These
usages and this discipline have long been giadually declin-
ing; and with the triumph ofSylla disappeaied altogether.' "
An instance is cited byVattel where an embas-
sador came from Privcrnum, then at war with
Rome, suing for peace; audit is cited by thatau-
thor as an example worthy of admiration. The
question put by the Roman Senate to the embas-
sador was, " if we grant you clemency, what de-
pendence can we have on the peace you come to
sue for?" The embassador replied, " if you grant
it on reasonable conditions it will be safe and per-
manent, otherwise it will not last long." Some
objected to the boldness of this reply; but the body
of the Senate approved of his answer, consider-
ing it the proper language of a free man represent-
ing a free people. Grotius has given us a nuin- •
ber of eases, with his own opinions upon this same
subject, of clemency in war:
" Though it be not pioperly mywlesign to inquiie whatia
now most practiced, but to reduce the extiavagant license
of making war to whnt natural equity allows, or what is
best among things lawtul, yet viitue itself, little esteemed
in this age, oughL to forgive me it, while she is by hei&elf
neglected, I set a value upon her on the account ol her ad-
vantages. Fnvt, then, moderation obsnved m preseiving
those things which do not lengthen out the wai, takes fiom
the cnemj a powetful weapon—desperation. Aiehidamus
thus -.peaks m Thucydides • k Look upon the enemy \ coun-
tiy as an hostage, and so much the better the moie it is en-
iiched, and with the nioreieason to be spared, le<-tdespair
should tender the enemy more formidable.' The oame was
the advice of Agesilaus, when, against the opinion of ihe
Aehicens^e gave the Aeamamans free hbeity to sow their
corn, saying, the more they sowed, the mote deshous they
would be of peace. Anil to rhif, purpose in the Satyr:
"£ Spoilatis anna super sunt.5
"'The plundered still have despeiate arms.'
"Livy tells us, when the Cauls had taken a city, their
chief commandeis would not let all the houses be burned;
that what they left standing ol the town the enemies might
look on it as a paiticulai favoi, and theieby it might be a
means to make them moie easy.
" r e-nies,the spanng of an enemy's country during a war
looks as it we were pretty confident oi a complete victory.
And clemency is of itself a proper instrument to soften and
pacify the nnnds of men. Hannibal, according to Livy,
wasted none ol the lands of the Tarentmes, but not of mod-
esty, eilhet [n geneialoi soldier*, bnttogam the Tmcntines
to his paily. For the same leasoudid AtigUftiisCiesar for-
heai plundering Pannoiua. Dio gives the reason; tie hoped
to win them without blows. And Timotheus, upon the
same account, (as Polvamus leiate*,) and for some oilier
consideiations, gained upon the affections of his enemies.
Plutaieh, mentioning the moderation ot (Auintiu? and the
Romans that were Willi him (m Greece.) adds tins: >• They
quickly reaped the benefit of his loibeatance, for as.soou as
he came into Thessaly the cities icadily yielded to lum.
The Greeks also which dwelt within the Thennop)!® earn-
estly desired his coining; and the Aca*an=:, renouncing
the friendship of Philip, immediately confederated with the
