APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31th Cons....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. MclJougall.
Senate.
Romans against him.' Frontalis Informs us that a city of
tbeUng oS®.. having cscaped a fearful devastation in the
war made liy Domitiaii, under the conduct of Oerealis,
asairist Oivilis the Batavian and his associates, because,
bevond their expectation, they had lost nothing of their
coeds, submitting to his obedience, they furnished him with
seventy thousand men well armed.
«Contrary counsels have met with contrary success.
JLivy gives an instance in Hannibal, by nature much in-
clined tocovetousness and cruelty, to destroy what he could
not keep, that lie might leave nothing to the enemy but
wasted lands. And this counsel was wretchcd both in the
cause and the effect. For he not only lost the affections ot
those whom he thus barbarously used, but of others also;
for the terror of the example leached beyond tiie immediate
sufferers."— Grotius on the Rights of War and Peace, vol.
3, pp. 220, 222.
An instance of the same kind is given by Vat-
tel.. He cites the ease of Henry IV of France
straggling against his own people for his crown.
After conducting a victorious war against them,
such were his acts of clemency during that war,
that there was no more loyal people to their prince
in Europe than the people of France to Henry IV.
It is cited in contradistinction to the conduct of the
Duke of Alvn, representing Spain in the low coun-
tries, where, although his acts of tyranny for the
time, subjected the States then in revolt against
Spanish authority, yet afterwards lost her the
whole of the Netherlands.
Francis Vittoria, although more of a prelate
than a jurist, is justly regarded as one of the ablest
writers and highest authorities upon the subject
of how far the spirit of Christianity should miti-
gate the rigors and calamities of war. He affirms
as a rule to be observed among Christian nations
that the property of private citizens m a Govern-
ment subdued should not be taken possession of
by the conqueror, and that therein wars in Chris-
tian countries should differ from the wars among
old States before the introduction of Christianity
and war among barbarians.
This rule of clemency is laid down as just be-
tween foreign States at war, without particularly
considering the rule as applicable to civil wars.
It is true that civil wars awake more angry pas-
sions, tvnd arc, as a general thing, pursued more
ruthlessly than wars with foreign nations. Is jt.
not merely the result of passion, evil passions, if
you please, aroused by the more immediate pres-
ence of its cause? On this subject Vattel again
gives us the benefit of his opinion, and he has put
it in such a form of language and such shape of
argument that the justice of his opinion cannot be
challenged:
" A elvd war breaks Hie bauds or hoeiety and govern-
incut, or, at least, .suspends their force and eflect; it pio-
duces in the tuition two independent ptirfies, who consider
each other a« enemies, and acknowledge no common judge.
Those two pnnies, thciefore, mu>t neees-smly be consid-
ered ax thewofoiward ''on-mtutiug, at least for a time,nvo
separate bodies, two dis-tinct societies. Though one of the
parties may have beenio blame in bieakingtheumtyofthe
Htato and resisting the In^vful ouihouty. they are not the
less divided in fact. Besides, who shall judge them? who
shall pronmmcc on which side the right or the wrong lies ?
On earth they have no common superior. They stand,
therefore. In precisely the same predicament as two na-
tions who engage In a contest, and, being unable to come'
to an agreement, have recourse to arms.
"This being the cano, It is very evident that the common
law* of war—those maxims of humanity, moderation, and
honor, which we have already detailed in the course of
this work—ought to be observed by both parties in every
civil war. Fur the <ame reasons which render the observ-
ance of ihoyf maxima a matter of obligation between Stale
and State, it becomes equally and even more necessary in
the unhappy pnruin^tanee of two incensed paiti® laeera-
ting the tr common conn tiy. Should the sovereign conceive,
hi  has a right to hang up his prisoners as rebels, the oppo-
site party will make rcpiisnls; if he does not religiously
observe tin? capitulations, and ail other conventions made
with his enemies, they will no longer rely on his woid;
should he burn and ravage, they will follow his example;
the war will become ciuel, horiiblo, and everyday more
destructive to the nation. The Dakede Montpensier's in-
famous and bailurous. excesses against the reformed party
in Fiance aie toovvell known; Hie men were delivered up
to the executioner, and the women to the biutality of the
soldier's. What was the eoiweiiuenee? The Protectants
became exaf-pernted ; they took vengeance of-aich inhuman
practices.; and the war, befote sufficiently cruel as a civil
and religious war, oceanic more bloody and destructive.
Who fouid without honor read of the .-avage cruelties com-
muted by the Baton do* Adreu? Hy turns a Catholic and
a Protectant, lie dktinguts-hed himself !>v his barbaiity on
both side-. At Icmrh ft became nece^ary to relinquish
those pi c tens-ton* to judicial authonly overmen who pioved
themselves capable of supporting their cause by fence of
arms, and to treat them nor a< criminals but as enemies.
Even thatroop-havi otien refund to serve in a war wherein
the prince f\\po->rd them to eiuel repri-aH. Officers who
had the highest bim«e of hoitoi, though ready to shed their
blood on tiie field of battle for his service, have not thought
it any partotthelr duty to run the hazard of an ignominious
death. Whenever, therefore, a numerous bo% of men think
they have a right to resist the sovereign, and feel themselves
in a condition to appeal* to the sword, the war ought to be
earned on by the contending parties in the same manner as
by two different nations; and they ought to leave open the
same means for preventing its being carried to outrageous
extremities, and for the restoration of peace. _
"When the sovereign has subdued the opposite party,
arid reduced them to submit and sue for peace, he may ex-
cept from the amnesty the authors of the disturbances—the
heads of the party: he may bring them to a legal trial, and
punish them if they be found guilty. He may act in this
manner paiticularly on occasion of those disturbances in
which the interests of the people are not so much the object
in view as the private aims of some powerful individuals,
and which rather deserve the appellation of revolt than 01
civil war. SucK was the case of the unfortunate Duke of
Montmorency; he took up arms against the King, m sup-
port of the Duke of Orleans, and, being defeated and taken
nriMmer at the battle of Castle Naudari, he lost his life on
a scaffold, by the sentence of the Parliament of Toulouse.
If he was generally pitied by all men of worth and senti
ment, it was because they viewed him rather as an oppo-
nent to theexorbitant power ofanimpcriousminister,than
as a rebel against his sovereign, and that his bcroic virtues
.seemed to wariant the purity of his intentions."
The point to which I particularly desired to call
the attention of the Senate in this extract is con-
tained in these words:
"For the same reasons which render the observance of
those maxims a mattei of obligation between Slate and
State, it becomes equally and even moie necessary in the
unhappy circumstance of two incensed parties lacerating
their common country."
Mr. President, the views thus expressed by
these writers, and thus illustrated by past history,
appear to have been the views entertained and
acted upon by this Government thus far. That
policy of clemency, as thus taught,was indicated
m the inaugural address of the President. Af-
terwards at the opening of the extra session of
Congress last summer, he used this language:
" Lest there he some uneasiness in the minds of candid
men as to what is to be the course of the Government to-
waids southern States aftei the icbellion shall have been
suppressed, the Executive deems it propei to say it will be
his purpose then, as ever, to be guided by the Constitution
and the laws ; and that he will probably have no different
understanding of the powers and duties of the Federal Gov -
ernment relatively to the rights of the States and the people
under the Constitution than that expressedin theinauguiai
address."
At the opening of the present Congress, the
President, in his message, makes use of this lan-
guage:
" In considering the policy to be adopted for suppressing
the insurrection, ( have been anxious and curcful that the
inevitable conflict for this purpose should not degenerate
into a violent, remorseless, revolutionary stiuggle. I have,
theiefoiv, thought proper to keep the integrity of the Union
prominent as the pi unary object of the contest on our part."
Expressing the same line of policy, Mr. Seward
in August last, writes to Mr. Adams at the Court
of Great Biitain:
<• You will indulge in no expressions of harshness or dis-
respect, oi even impatience, concerning the seceded States,
their agent-*, or their people; but you will, on the contrary,
all the while remembei that those States are now, as they
always heretofore have been, and, notwithstanding their
tempowuy self-delusion, they must always continue to bo,
equal and honored members of this Fedeial Union, and that
their citizens, throughout all political misunderstandings
and alienations, still* are and always, must be our kindred
and countrymen."
Again, Congress in July last, in the Crittenden
resolution, resolved:
" That this war is not waged on their part in any spirit of
oppression, nor for any puipose of conquest or subjugation,
nor purpot-e of ovcithiowing m inteiteinig with the lights
or established institutions of those State*, but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, to pie-
•serve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights of
the "several States unimpuued; and that an soon as these
objects ate accomplished, the war ought to cease."
Sir, I ask whether the policy thus announced
by the head of this Government, and thus an-
il nounccd by his chief Secretary to our represent-
\\ ativo abroad, and thus affirmed by both branches
!: of the national Legislature, is or is not the policy
|! of the country; and whether it is the policy in-
:! dicated by the measure now before the Senate? I
; ask is not this the policy to which this Govern-
.. ment stands pledged, and whether or not this
i1 measure is not a distinct violation of our pledged
j! faith5
ji But, Mr. President, 1 have been reading mostly
I: the opinions of individuals with regard to what
j should betheconductofnationsin timeof\var,and
i the rules of clemency that great, wise, and good
| men have endeavored to establish through many
!j ages as the real law of war, and which they have
!j not been able permanently to establish, for the sole
i' reason that he who conquers has the conquered
within his power, and will always be more or less
revengeful; and to him power makes law. In
almost all great wars even the established laws of
nations are overturned and disregarded. If this
has been so in other States and other nations, it
will be no justification for us.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that this bill is a
violation of the established law of nations. I take
it there has not been in history such a thing as a
general law of confiscation of estates, unless the
power exerted by some monarch at the head of
conquering armies, dividing conquered territories
among his leaders, may be taken as a law of con-
fiscation. I believe the last instance in history is
that of William the Conqueror. He parceled out
the lands of the conquered amongjhis leaders. But
this bill goes far beyond the extent of the power
exerted by William the Conqueror. He only
seized the lordships, the lands belonging to the
great owners of the Saxon aristocracy, leaving to
the franklin and lower, landholders their posses-
sions, only they werebound.to recognize the do-
minion of the count or suzerain, who had imme-
diate jurisdiction over them, and render certain
services, mostly military. Even the Norman con-
queror attempted no such confiscation as is at-
tempted by this act, an act to sweep the whole of
a populous country of all property, real and per-
sonal, and to be enforced, not by the formsoflaw
in courts of justice, not b^the President himself,
whom we have clothed with authority, butby the
ten thousand agents he may choose to appoint to
go and inquire over the land who has uttered dis-
loyal sentiments, who has been seen with arms in
his hands, at this time or that time, and who said
thusin April and thus again in August. The agent
of the law is to distinguish himself by his being
an efficient agent. He is informed that A, B, or
C is disloyal. How informed? As to this the law
is silent. Then, at his pleasure, with the strong
arm of the Executive and with the aid of the mili-
tary power of the Government, he seizes upon the
property of every person he may choose to name
as disloyal, sells it, and places the proceeds in the
Federal Treasury. Surely this is a most strange
and extraordinary law. He may take the poor
man's cow as well as the lordly man's estate.
He may take the poor man's oxen from the field
as well as the rich man's fine bred horses in the
stable.
As I understand it, the law of conquest, prop-
erly understood, gives to the conqueror the pos-
session of that which was in the conquered Gov-
ernment, whether of lands that belong to the
Government or Crown, or moneys in the public
or his private treasury. A much argued case came
up from India to the English courts, where one
of the Indian princes who had been subdued and
surrendered set up a claim to a portion of the
moneys seized as his private moneys; and the
court sitting at Bombay said, because they were
his private moneys they were not subject to seiz-
ure; but the English court held, and held well,
that he being the prince, the Government making
war, and having command of all the resources that
belonged to it for the purpose of prosecuting war,
he had no private property, and therefore over-
ruled the decision of the court in the East Indies.
Vattel states the general rule with regard to that
to which properly the conqueror succeeds:
" The conqueror who takes a town or province from his
enemy, cannot lustly acqune over it any other lights than
such as belonged to the sovereign against whom he has
taken up aims. War authoiizes him to poasc&s himself of
what belongs to hi-; enemy; if he deprives him of the sov-
ereignty of that town oi province, heacquues it, such as it
is, with all its limitations and modifications. Accordingly,
care is usually taken to stipulate, both in particular capit-
ulations. and in tieaties of peace, that the towns and coun-
tries ceded shall retain all their liberties, privileges, and
immunities."—Vattel, p. 387.
Again:
"In the conquests of ancient times even individuals lost
their lands. Nor is it matter of surprise that, m the fiist
ages of Rome, such a custom should have prevailed. The
wars of that era were carried on between popular lepublics
and communities. The State possessed vety little, and the
quarrel was in reality the common cause of all the citizens.
But at pie&ent war is Jess dreadful 111 its consequences to
the subject; matteis are conducted with more humanity;
one soveieign makes war against another sovmeign, and
not against the unarmed citizens. The conqueror seizes on
the possessions of the State, the public property, while pri-
vate individuals are permitted to retain theirs. They suffer
but indirectly by the war, and the conquest only subjects
them to a new master.
"But if the entire State be conquered, if the nation be
