560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
ofcker Senators,-that every method should be em-
ployed—and. every fair means should bo resorted
to—to place this question before the Senate in its
true light. Those who believe the interests of tlie
people of the United States demand his expulsion
should make it as clear as they can; and those
who believe that the rights of the people of In-
diana, or that the rights of the Senator himself,
demand his continuance here, should make those
propositions as plain as it is possible to make
them to the Senate, because a mistake upon the
one side or the other is fraught with grave conse-
quences.
I do not stand here myself to prosecute the Sen-
ator from Indiana for high treason. I do not be-
lieve I am called upon to execute that office. My
vote will not be controlled by my judgment upon
the question whether he has actually given aid and
comfort to the enemies of the United States or not.
I shall have to vote upon the passage of this res-
olution, yea or nay. 1 think I have listened to the
debate which has preceded the remarks I am now
submitting as carefully as any Senator here. I
know I have listened to them as dispassionately
as any Senator here. My judgment is that I can-
not discharge my duty to the people of the United
States when this vote is taken unless I say " yea"
upon it; and I want to state as frankly and as
clearly as J can why I shall say so.
I shall say so, therefore, because I believe that
the Constitution demands that every man who has
a seat here, and undertakes to legislate for the
people of the United States shall be a friend to
them; that whoever undertakes to exercise the
legislative power created by the Constitution of
the United States shall be loyal to that Constitu-
tion and shall be faithful to it. I say I believe the
Constitution demands this. This question of loy-
alty is not a question to be determined family and
without appeal by every member himself. It is
not to be determined finally and without appeal
by the judgment of his constituents. Undoubtedly
the people of Indiana who sent the Senator here
thought he was loyal, as theneopleof all the other
States who sent us severally here thought we were
loyal. Their opinions upon that question are en-
titled to considerable respect, no doubt; but they
are not final upon the question. The Constitution
and those who made the Constitution would not
submit that question to the judgment of the elect-
ive body of the several States, and therefore you
cannot admit a man to a seat on this floor or allow
to him the slightest legislative power until he has
stood before the Senate and before the Almighty
and has taken an oath that, whatever his judgment
may be upon questions of policy, upon measures
of State, he will stand by the Constitution, he will
maintain it, lie will support it. You leave that
to nothing less than the siuety, the sanction of
his solemn oath.
This is what I believe the Constitution demands
of every man who holds a seat here. 1 am forced
to believe—X have not rushed to the belief—that
the Senator from Indiana is not disposed to main-
tain this Constitution; that he does not stand here
a friend to this form of Government; that, he is not
prepared by his legislative action to maintain and
uphold this Constitution—not merely that he was
not so inclined on the 1st of March last; that is
not my charge; but that he was not during the
whole of the last session of Congress; that he has
not been for a day since; and is not to-day. That,
I say, is my judgment, and upon that qm-stion I
am forced to have an opinion one way or the other,
and to act upon it.
If 1 am mistaken on this point, let me say to the
Senate and to the Senator that 1 cannot be alone
responsible for the mistake. 1 may not judge
truthfully and correctly. It is not because I can-
not, under some ciicumstanccs,judge eoireetly.
It is, perhaps, partly because 1 cannot sec as ac-
curately as I ought to do; but it is partly because
the Senator himself has not been so explicit and
so unequivocal in his demonstrations of regard for
the Constitution and of regard for the people whose
rights are guarantied by that Constitution—I mean
the whole people of the United States—as he ought
to have been. 1 do not make this mistake about
evoiybody, if 1 have made one about the Senator
from Indiana; and if bis devotion to the Constitu-
tion had been as unequivocal as that of inobt Sen-
ators, and of almost ail Senators about me, 1 was
no more likely to have made the mistake about
him than about them.
Senators who have preceded me and who have
declared their purpose to vote for the passage of
this resolution, have very generally put it upon the
ground that the writing and issuing of the letter of
the 1st of March last to Mr. Lincoln was of itself
a substantive act of treason. Upon thatquestion,
I shall submit no argument whatever,and I shall
pronounce no opinion whatever upon it. I am
not called upon to do so. I am not one of the law
officers of the Government, nor a judge presiding
at his trial, nor a juror, nor qualified to act in
either capacity. If it be true, as Senators have
affirmed, that this letter constituted a substantive
act of treason, then it follows inevitably that he
should not only be expelled from his seat in this
body, but that that crime should be submitted to
the judgment of a jury of his countrymen and that
the punishment of treason should light upon the
mem ber.
I hold, sir, that there are various evidences
which can be given of disloyalty to the Constitu-
tion, of infidelity to it, of hostility to the people
whose rights are guarantied by it, which fall far
short of an overt act of high treason. I do not
hold that the letter of the 1st of March last is an
unimportant or trifling incident in the life of the
Senator, by any manner of means. But instead
of regarding it as a conclusive proof of high trea-
son, I shall speak of it simply as a circumstance
tending to show what I have said I believe the
fact to be—that the Senator is not disposed to main-
tain the Constitution of the United States, but de-
sires to see that Constitution overthrown. It is
not the first circumstance to which I shall allude.
Certainly the Senator from Indiana will not
deny, nor will any other Senator here deny, but
what that Constitution and its supremacy have
been struck at by an open, an undisguised, and
an armed foe, and had been for many months
before the 1st of March last.
Nor will any man deny but what that furnished
the occasion and the opportunity upon which
every man who desired the supremacy of that in-
strument should have taken sitles. His voice and
his acts should have been unequivocal on the one
side or the other of the question. He should have
been with the friends or with the enemies of that
Constitution; and it will be borne in mind that
since the adoption of that Constitution, the time
intervening between the last presidential election
and this time is the only occasion upon which we
have seen an enemy openly endeavoring to strike
that instrument down; the only time when the
action of a public officer was likely to be mistaken,
to lead to an erroneous conclusion upon the ques-
tion whether he was the friend or the enemy of
the country. During all those months I have ex-
amined pretty carefully the legislative record left
by the Senator from Indiana, and I have been un-
able to find a declaiation of his, oi a single act of
his, which indicated to my mind and my judgment
a desire on his part that the Union should live,
and that the Constitution should still be supreme
over the whole country. More than that,! have
not been able to find an act of his, or a word of
his, which to my mind and in my judgment cast
the slightest reproach or the mildest rebuke in the
world on those who were with sacrilegious hands
struggling to overthrow this Constitution, and to
overturn this Government.
The first circumstance, thercfoie, which I pro-
duce here in justification of the opinion to which
I have come, that the Senator from Indiana does
not desire the continuance of this form of Gov-
ernment, is the fact, that while the enemy was
making violent efforts to put an end to it, he has
not been found to utter one single word of re-
proach against them, so far as I have been able
to trace his declarations not one single word of
i'f buke has fallen from his hps. If there ever was
a time in the history of any country or any Gov-
ernment in which the Go\c rnmcnt was authorized
to say, " those who are not for us are against us,"
it seems to me our Government has been author-
ized to say this, and to conclude thus since the 1st
of January, 1861, since this rebellion assumed the
proportions it wore at that time.
Sir, when an army was mustered, equipped,
and set into the field for the express and the
avowed purpose of putting an end to the consti-
tutional authority of this Govei anient over nearly
ono half the country, it was necessary for the Gov-
ernment to do one of two things: cither to surren-
der die jurisdiction which was demanded of it, or
j to put itself in a position to defend and maintain
1 that jurisdiction. If it had surrendered that juris-
diction, its guilt would have been but little less
than the guilt of those who demanded the surren-
der. Sol argue. I cannot for my life see how
Mr. Jefferson Davis could incur greater guilt by
demanding that the authority of the United States
should be withdrawn from one half of the Repub-
lic than Mr. Abraham Lincoln would by acceding
to that demand.
One of two courses was then open to the Gov-
ernment, and to the friends of the Government:
either to acquiesce in the authority of the rebellion
or to resist it. The Government chose to resist
it. I know of but one method of resisting arms,
and that is by arms. I know of but one method
of resisting armies, and that is by an opposing
army; and that is the method the Executive re-
sorted to. Now I understood from the beginning,
and understand to-day, that the Senator from In-
diana is opposed, has opposed, and will still op-
pose this method or any kindred method for main-
taining the authority of the Government of the
United States. He calls it coercion. I do not
say that this is conclusive evidence of treason. I
adduce it here as a circumstance tending to show
that the Senator from Indiana does not desire the
continuance of the authority of the United States
over the whole of the United States, if he does over
any part of it.
But on the 1st of March last he wrote a letter, a
copy of which is contained in the resolution be-
fore the Senate. I am not going to redissect that
letter. Its characteristics and its significance have
been set before the Senate as clearly as it is possi-
ble, I think, for human language and human in-
i genuity to do it.
In this connection, I beg leave simply to com-
ment for a moment upon the excuses, the apolo-
gies, which the Senator himself and some of his
friends have seen fit to offer for the writing of that
letter. The first is, that he has forgotten it. He
did not remember the fact that he had ever writ-
ten such a letter. I was sorry to hear that avowal.
I think it is a very extraordinary one to be made.
I am not unmindful of the curious mental condi-
tion which the country has passed through since
this rebellion broke out. I know something about
the state of public opinion in the country on the
1st of March last, the day on which this letter was
written. I can very well understand how a man
on that day, at that time, might hesitate some-
what as to whether he should or should not write
a letter to a man, within the boundaries of the
United States, who was before the law a citizen
of the United States, owing allegiance to it, but
who assumed authorities in derogation of the au-
thority of the United States, and assumed to be a
presidentof a country within a portion of the Uni-
ted States—how he might very well be in doubt
as to the propriety of writing to him at all, espe-
cially when he held a scat in the highest branch
of the legislative body of the United States. But,
sir, I cannot conceive for my life how such a man,
holding such an office and filling such a place,
should finally, after deliberation, make up his
mind that he might, without impropriety, write a
letter to such a citizen, to such a person, claiming
such prerogatives, and asserting such an office,
withoutits making an impression upon him which
would last during his hfc.
The way the question presented itself and must
have presented itself to the mind of the Senator
from Indiana was this: " I am a Senator of the
United States; I represent here the people of In- ■
diana; I have taken an oath to support this Con-
stitution, and this Constitution establishes a form
ofgovernment which shall be supreme over thirty-
four States. Here is Mr. Davis; I have known
him many years, and I have esteemed him very
highly; lie says that this Constitution shall hence-
foith be no better than white paper, so far as the
people of seven States are concerned; it shall be
within those States of no authority; th.it he is
there, within all that territory, the chief executive
power, whereas the Constitution which I have
sworn to support says that Abraham Lincoln is
vested with the chief executive power throughout
those States as well as these: the authority which
that man claims is clearly repugnant to the au-
thority which I am bound by my oath as u Sen-
ator to maintain and to support; shall I write to
him or shall I not?" It is a question of import-
ance. It is a question of moment.
