2542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
You do not know how large the cotton crop
was last year; you do not know anything about
it; you do not know how much of it has been
burned; how much is ever to go into the market;
whether it is to be one half or one quarter of the
ordinaiy crop; you know nothing about it. You
Jiave the information that they have planted this
year very little cotton; that there will not be half
a crop during the coming year. 1 doubt if there
will be two thirds of a crop, on the average, for
the next three or four years in view of the con-
dition of the country. Your cotton manufactur-
ers cannot buy cotton at the present rate in the
market, and make it into cotton goods, without a
loss of several cents on a yard of cloth. They do
not buy cotton; they do not work it. The cotton
that has been purchased and used in the manufac-
tories of the East this year, for several months,
has been used for making duck and canvas to
make tents for the Army and sails for the Navy;
but for the purpose of making cloth, they are not
purchasing cotton; they cannot purchase cotton
and get their money back, or anything like it.
That is the fact. The small cotton mills have
nearly all stopped; the large ones are running on
short time, and unless there is a change in the
country, they will be closed up, nearly all of them,
if not all, within ninety or one hundred days.
With a short crop in one part of the country,
and with your mills closing up in the other, you
come forward to propose a tax of three percent,
on manufacturers, and, not content with that
enormous tax, you now propose to tax cotton,if
they use the ordinary amount that they have used
for the last four years, to the extent of $3,000,000.
Senators talk about the vast sums they are to
raise by this bill. Sir, on your manufacturing
interest for the next year you will raise little or
nothing, and now, besides relying upon three per
cent, to be raised out of manufacturers who are
almost prostrated now, whose mills are bring closed
up, you propose to tax the raw material upon which
they are to go on with their business. I was about
to say the imposition of this one cent a pound will
prevent your exporting goods, but. I will not say
that, because the high price of cotton has settled
that question already. I think it will delay the
time when we can make and export these goods
We do not come in competition with the English
manufacturers in those great markets, they using
the same cotton we use. They make their cheap
articles out of cotton obtained in other portions of
the world, and it is because we use coarse cotton
and make these heavy goods that we are able to
compete with them, although they have the ad-
vantage of the tanfts of those countries in their
favor, we paying the same duty on thirty-inch
cloth that they do on thirty-six inch.
Mr. SIMMONS. We pay twenty-live per cent,
more than they do.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We pay the
same duty on a piece thirty inches wide that they
do on a piece thirty-six inches wide.
Mr. SIMMONS. We pay one dollar on a piece
thirty inches wide, and they pay eighty cents on
a piece thirty-six inches wide.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Thatmakes
it stronger. The world understands that our arti-
cles are stronger and better; and we are growing
upon them in those markets, and we ought to have
the markets south of us on this continent.
Mr. SHERMAN. What country discriminates
against our productions in that way?
Mr. SIMMONS. China.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We ought
to have the markets on this continent; and if we
had pursued a proper policy, I think we should
have had them. But England covers the seas
with her steamers, opens communications with
all the countries of the world, lays everybody
under contribution to her manufacturing and com-
mercial policy. She has been caring for her ma-
terial interests, while we have spent the last few
years m filibustering and in slavery propagan-
dists to the neglect of our vast commercial interests.
I had hoped that another era had dawned upon \'
us, and that while we arrested filibustering, while t\
we arrested slavery propaganuism, while wo i
brought our country back again to a sound poht- !:
cal policy, a policy honorable to us as a nation,
we should adopt a policy that would develop the
mechanical, manufacturing, and commercial re-
sources of this country.
Now, sir, I regard the proposition to tax cotton,
in the form in which it is presented in this bill,
as grossly unjust to my State and to the manu-
facturing sections of the country. I regard it as
a policy which is unwise for us as a commercial
and manufacturing people, and it is a policy that
will sow the seeds of distrust hereafter in the
country. I have no doubt about that, and trust
that it will not be imposed upon us, but that we
shall rely upon the tax of three percent, on those
engaged in the manufactures of the country, leav-
ing this raw material untaxed.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says that this tax is unjust, unequal,
and oppressive; and he says further that the State
of Massachusetts, under this bill, will pay four
times the amount of taxes to which she would be
subjected under an equal distribution. I desire
to ask that Senator what one single tax he has
thus far found in the bill is oppressive to the State
of Massachusetts that is not equally oppressive to
the State of Michigan ?
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts I will state
the question thus: the State of Massachusetts is
preeminently a manufacturing State, and as a man-
ufacturing State produces annually $150,000,000
of manufactured products. The tax of three per
cent.-bears upon her first directly. Massachusetts
produces more manufactured articles than the eight
millions of the Northwest produce, and the direct
tax upon her in the first place is larger. Then I
am to be answered that the consumer is to pay it.
That is a doctrine that is not absolutely true. It
never was true, and cannot be true. It will be
divided between the producer and the consumer.
The million and a quarter of people in Massa-
chusetts purchase of imported articles, or of man-
ufactured articles, four to one of the people of
Michigan; and, therefore,in that light, we will pay
a tax of four to one. The reason is very obvi-
ous, and I do not state it as anything against the
people of Michigan. The State of Michigan is a
great agricultural State. Like most of the west-
ern States, agriculture is the chief and leading pur-
suit; and no agricultural people buy anything in
proportion like a commercial or manufacturing
people of imported articles or of manufactuied
articles. There is a vast difference between them
in that lespect. 1 know there arc townships m
New England where the people are nearly all farm-
ers and they purchase very little. Then you may
take another township where they raise scarcely
anything from the earth, and where they pur-
chase everything,and consequently pay enormous
amounts in duties.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator a sin-
gle question: whether he means to be understood
as asserting that the State of Massachusetts con-
sumes four times as much as the same population
m the Northwest?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I mean to
say that of imported articles or of manufactured
articles at home, the State of Massachusetts, man
for man,as compared with the average of the eight
millions of people of the Northwest, consumes
four dollars to one. I am sure I cannot be mis-
taken m this declaration.
Mr. CHANDLER. This questioncomes down
to a simple matter of fact. The debate has con-
firmed me m one thing of which I was perfectly
convinced before, that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts knows nothing,and never will knowany-
thing, about the people or the business of the
Northwest. In the first place, he says that Michi-
gan is strictly an agricultural State.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Not strictly,
but chiefly.
Mr. OHAN«DLER. I even deny that. Michi-
gan exports more lumber than all the rest of the
United States put together, and supplies more to
the world. She produces more copper than all the
rest of the United States put together. She pro-
duces large quantities of iron. Her interests are
diversified.^The Senator evidently knows nothing
about the Northwest. I say that the people of the
Northwest consume more foreign goods to-day
than his operatives in Massachusetts. We pay
more taxes. Our people live on a more liberal
.scale; their expenditures are moie Itheral; and we
pay a larger proportion of these Uxes, as now col-
lected, than the people of Massachusetts, and we
are able to pay.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my friend will al-
low me to say one word.
Mr. CHAiS'DLElt. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not regard this as a
very profitable discussion between the East and
the West. The West are all children of the East.
The East are our fathers and grandfathers, and
we are all one family together. We exchange pro-
ducts; we give them our products, and we receive
theirs. It is a mutual exchange. I rose, there-
fore, to say that i would rather this question
should he discussed in a little different spirit be-
tween the East and the West than has grown up
between my friend from Michigan and my friend
from Massachusetts.
Mr. CHANDLER. Still, I want the facts to
stand on the record; that is all. I simply want
justice done to the sections, to the West as well
as the East.
Now, sir, I had supposed that this theory of
taxation, of a tax on manufacturers, had been ex-
plodcdoftenenough. We ofthcNorthwestarenot
voting one single item on the people of the West
that we do not vote on ourselves. The tax of one
cent a pound on cotton, as I have shown over and
over again, and do notchoosenow to repeat,goes
directly upon the consumer. The people of the
Northwest consume more of these cotton fabrics
than any other class of people in the United States.
It is voting a direct tax upon our own people, and
a heavier portion of the burden than is voted upon
the people of New England.
I wish to discuss this subject with all candor
and fairness, and do full justice to Massachusetts.
Massachusetts is a noble State, and 1 honor her;
but the people of Massachusetts, in my estima-
tion, are the last people on the face of this earth
that should claim special immunities. Have we
not had, year after year—I had almost said age
after age—Massachusetts lobbyers around the
Halls of Congress, praying for a tariff upon this
and a tariff upon that, and a tariff on something
else, to protect Massachusetts labor ? Have we
not, year aftei yeat, gtanted ihis protection which
they so loudly clamored for? Are we not to-day
paying thousands and hundreds of thousands of
dollais bounty on codfish for the benefit of Mas-
sachusetts'1 Sir, Massachusetts is the last State
in this Union that should complain of existing
Imidens upon her or upon her people. We of the
Noithwest do not claim to be as nch as they are
in the great moneyed centers of the East. There
is more aggregated, accumulated wealth m the
cities of Boston, New York,and Philadelphia than
we can boast of in our cities of the West; but our
people are univeisally well off. Wealth with us is
disseminated; it is scattered all over the country.
You will find thousands and tens of thousands of
farmers whose consumption is greater than almost
any class of people that you will find anywhere
except in the Northwest.
The Senator complains of this little tax of a cent
a pound on cotton. It is true, it will amount to
a considerable sum. He says it will be a direct
tax upon the manufactures of three and a half
millions. Mr. President, this is the only point
where we can reach the authors, to a considerable
extent, of this great rebellion. But for the prom-
ised aid to and the partial recognition of the rebels
as belligerents, by England and France, this re-
bellion would have been closed nearly a year ago.
England and France are responsible, to a certain
extent, for the enormous expenditure of blood and
treasure upon this continent; and here, sir, we
have a chance to make them pay for their villainy;
for I will use that term; it is nothing more nor
less. No other term will properly characienze
theiraction. Under this tariff of one cent a pound
on cotton, we can moke England and France pay,
in perpetuity, $12,000,000 a year, or the interest
on $^00,000,000 of our public debt; and it is the
only means by which we can reach England and
France. Shall we let this chance go by simply
because we shall put $>3,500,000, not upon the man-
ufacturers of Massachusetts, not upon the man-
ufacturers anywhere, but upon our own people,
the whole people? Every man who wears a shirt
pays a portion of this tax of one cent a pound. Is*
there a man who would object to tin- Utile pittance
of a cent and a half on his bhut when that cent
and a half goes to the suppost of tins great Gov-
ernment ami for th" putting down of thia rebel-
lion." !-■ tli'Te a man in M jssjehusetts who would
objeeitoit: if ih«-re is, 1 little understand the
people of Massachusetts, i do not believe there
is a man in the land—there is not a man in my
State, thank God, and 1 hope theio is not one in
