THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1862.
New Series iSFo. 36.
I can understand how a Senator might mistake
his duty in the decision he came to; but I cannot
for my life understand how he could come to a
decision to-write the letter without that sort of
deliberation which should impress the fact upon
him during his whole life. And yet the Senator
himself declares before the country that he re-
garded these pretensions as so much a matter of
course, that he regarded the subversion of the con-
stitutional authority of the different departments
of the Government of the United States as so much
a matter of course, that he acquiesced in these pre-
tensions of Mr. Davis, every one of them, recog-
nized them all in the form of a written communi-
cation, without its making so much of an impres-
sion on his mind as that he remembered it down
to the day this controversy commenced. I am
sorry to hear that avowal. I am sorry that that
is presented here as an apology, or as an excuse
for him.
The other apology presented is, that Mr. Lin- -
coin, the man to whom this letter was given, was
a personal friend of the Senator who wrote it—a
close and intimate friend; that in years past he had
been his client; that the Senator had been his pro-
fessional adviser; and that is gravely urged here
^not only by thqpBenator himself, but it has been
^ urged here by others as an apology for the writing
and issuing of this letter. I cannot so regard it.
It seems to me it is the last apology which ought
to be offered. Sir, the Senator from Indiana, like
every one of us, has a duty to perform to this Gov-
ernment. He has influence to wield foror against
it; and if he means that that influence shall oe for
it, with whom under heaven shall it be exerted if
it shall not be exerted with his friends? It seems
to me, if the Senator had been in earnest in his
support of the Constitution of the United States,
and of its supremacy over the whole thirty-four
States, instead of addressing this letter to Mr.
Davis, and tendering it to the use of his friend,
Mr. Lincoln, he would have said to him: " Sir,
you are my friend; 1 have heretofore been your
professional adviser; you have paid me for it; 1
esteem you; let me give you the best piece of ad-
vice you ever had in your life now without money
and without price. You want a letter of introduc-
tion to Mr. Jefferson. Davis; you want to visit him
for the purpose of selling him fire-arms. Jefferson
Davis, he fore the law, and before the Constitu-
tion, which is the supreme command to me and to
you, sir, is but a citizen of the United States. He
lias no occasion for fire-arms, no lawful occasion
to purchase your invention. He has put himself
in the attitude of a rebel. He stands before the
country in the attitude of a traitor. Your mission
to him at this time is a mission to a traitor—a
traitor before the law, a traitor in the eye of the
Constitution; and you want to supply him with
means to make his treason perfect; to execute it,
to accomplish it. That is the purpose upon which
you are about to visit Jefferson Davis. You are
my friend. I tell you that is an illegal purpose;
that is a purpose which endangers and further im-
perils the supremacy of the Constitution which I
have sworn to support. Do not you go there. If
you really have a valuable improvement in the
way of lire-arms, tender it to the use of your own
Government, the Government to which you owe
allegiance and to which I owe allegiance. Lot
them have the benefit of it. Do not you visit Jef-
ferson Davis for any purpose, and least of all for
such a purpose as this."
Now, it does seem to me that that is something
like the language which the Senatorfrom Indiana
would have used to his friend Mr. Lincoln if he
had been afiiend of the Government of the United
States, if he had been as true to his old friendship
for this Government as he was to his old friend-
ship for the person to whom that letter was ad-
dressed .
Mr. President, another apology is made for the
writing of this letter. It is said that at the time
it was written we were not at war with these rebel
authorities; that war did not actually exist; that
it was not imminent. One of three things was
imminent, Mr. President. Every man knew then
36
as well as he knows now that one of three things
must happen: either, without resort to force those
traitorous battalions in the seceded States must
lay down their arms, or the Government of the
United States must surrender to their dominion
the States of which they claimed to have posses-
sion, or we must have war. Every man knew
that one of those three things must happen. The
Senator from Indiana will not pretend that tie
believed the first would happen; he will not pretend
thathe believed those battalions were aboutto lay
down their arms without the application of any
force on our part—that they were going to surren-
der while we were apparently acquiescent. Nor
will any one now assert, I think, that he believed
at that time that the Government of the United
States intended, or would, unless compelled by
the direst necessities of the direst of wars, sur-
render to that rebel force the dominion which they
challenged—authority, sovereign authority, over
a large portion of the Republic. Then, it was clear
that the other alternative must happen, and that
was war. This reflection reminds me that either
war was to happen or Jefferson Davis needed no
guns. Mr. Lincoln could make no profitable mis-
sion to Jefferson Davis unless he was going to
maintain his authority, and to support it by a
resort to arms and by the use of arms. His mis-
sion to Davis was not a pertinent one, not a legiti-
mate one, not an expedient one, unless war was
to happen.
I know, sir, that some change has taken place
in public opinion since the 1st of March last; I
shall allude to that by and by; but I have occasion
to say now, not only that since this rebellion com-
menced the Senator from Indiana has uttered no
word of rebuke of it, not only that he has opposed
every measure calculated to subdue it, not only
that he wrote a letter which was calculated to as-
sure the chief of the rebellion of his personal sym-
pathy and friendship, if it was not calculated to
give him material aid in the accomplishmentof his
design, but that the Senator has done more than
either of these things—that he has used language
here in his place in the Senate which was calcu-
lated and designed to add tu the force and to the
violence of the rebellion. During the executive
session of the Senate which convened on the 4th
of March last, and near the close of that session,
a late Senator from the State of Kentucky, or a
Senator lately from the State of Kentucky, offered
a resolution, which I will read:
" Resolved, That the Senate recommend and advise the
removal of the United States troops from the limits of the
conffcdeiate States."
A Senator from North Carolina had drawn an-
other resolution, which he submitted as an amend-
ment to this, in the following words:
" Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate, it is expe-
dient that the Presidentshould withdraw all the troops oi the
United States from the States of South Carolina, Geoigia,
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, and
abstain from all attempts to collect revenues in the said
States."
What were the purposes of the Senator from
Kentucky (Mr. Breckinridge) and the Senator
from North Carolina (Mr. Chngman) I suppose
no man in the country has any doubt now, if he
had at that time. They then occupied seats in the
Senate, as the Senator from Indiana does now;
and, in the execution of what they claimed to be
their duties as Senators, the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky offered this resolution, and the Senator
from North Catolina proposed his amendment.
There was some debate upon them. The debate
was chiefly supplied by the friends of those who
offered these resolutions. The expediency of de-
bating them was a question upon which the fiiends
of the Government on this side of the Chamber had
some differences of opinion. There were those
who l^plieved that the best way to maintain the
authority of the Government over all the people
of the United States was to say plainly and frankly
and intelligibly to all the people of the United
States that they must obey the Government—to
say it once for all; and that the best way to en-
force the laws within those States which claimed
to be independent of the authority of the Gov-
ernment and to collect the revenues within those
States was to say, clearly and intelligibly, that
those revenues must be paid there,and thatthose
laws must be obeyed there. There were others
who reasoned differently. You, sir, [Mr. Clark
in the chair,] and many others who have watched
thecourseof thistreason whileithasbeenconcoct-
in^duringaquarter of a century, know, and to-day
will say, that one of the most potential instrument-
alities which have been employed in executing it,
has been falsehood—mendacity. History will
some time make thatclear to the whole world, as it
is clear to me to-day. A great people, inhabiting
a great many States, have bee'n subsidized into the
guilt of treason by being deliberately, systemat-
ically lied to. They have been taught to fear the
Government of the United States, because they
have been taught to believe that the Government
of the United States was actuated by hostile
purposes to them. They have been taught to
nate one section of our common country, because
they have been made to believe that within, that
section there was a deliberate purpose maintained
to do them some grievous wrong, and to trample
upon someof their dear rights—rights, too, which
they have been led to believe were secured to them
und.er the Constitution of the United States.
The Administration of the Government of the
United States during the special session of the Sen-
ate in March last shaped its course with a two-
fold purpose. Its purpose was to clothe itself with
the power, the military force, necessary to over-
throw any opposition that should be made to the
execution of the laws by armed bands, and at the
same time to do it with so little demonstration of
violence, with so little parade of authority, as not
to alarm unnecessarily those great bodies of people
within those States who were hesitating between
loyalty and disloyalty. The Government felt
called upon to tread carefully, to act with all the
leniency it was possible to employ, and still to
maintain its whole authority. That the Govern-
ment intended to maintain that whole authority
was made as clear as it was possible to make the
purpose by the language employed by the Pres-
ident himself in his inaugural address:
" Xn your handa, my dissatisfied fellow-countrymen, and
not in mine, is the momentous issue of civil war. The
Government will not assail you. You can have no conflict
witnout being yourselves the aggressor". Fouhave no oath
registeied in heaven to destroy the Government, while JT
shall have the most solemn one to 'preserve, protect, and
defend it.' "
When the President referred the people of the^
whole United States to that solemn oath he was
about to take to "preserve, protect,and defend"
the Government, there was no room for an infer-
ence, there was no ground for a suspicion, that he
would prove false to any part of that oath. There
then was a most distinct, deliberate, and solemn
enunciation of the purpose of the Government to
maintain its whole authority. That he meant to
appeal to the reason, that he meant to appeal to
the conscience, that he meant to appeal to that
lingering sense of patriotism which he believed
still remained with every portion of the people of
the United States, was made abundantly manifest
in the words which follow:
" I am loth to clo^o. Wo aro not enemira, but fiiends.
We mui-t not be enemies. Though pas&iun may have
strained"—
as it had strained for a quarter of a century—
"it must not break our bonds of affection. The my-tic
choids of memory, .stretching from every battle field and
patriot grave to eveiy living heait and hearthstone, all over
this btoad land, will yet swell the choiusof the Union,
when again touched, as surely they will be, by the belter
angels of our nature."
In these brief sentences the Government spoke
to the whole people, saying in effect, " the Gov-
ernment must be obeyed by all; l&t when that
obedience is rendered, the rights of every citizen
under the Government shall be protected by the
authority and by the power of the whole people."
I know that alt this temperance was not long pre-
served. 1 know that subsequent to this a change
came over the temper of the people in both sec-
tions of the Union. I know that, in the °*
that terrible bombardment which fell upon tort
