1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2548
Massachusetts—who would object to this justand
equitable anil proper tax of a cent a pound upon
cotton. Cotton has been king,and hiskingship has
appealed in this Senate Chamber, psoud and defi-
ant, throwing the prerogatives of his loyalty in
your face. Now, sir, when you have got ins ma-
jesty under foot, keep inm there; tax him; make
him pay the expenses of his wicked rebellion
against this great Government.
Mr. President, I do not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate, i hope that this tax of one cent a
pound on cotton will be insisted on by the Senate,
for 1 believe it to be the most just, equitable, and
proper tax that has been proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the other House.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr Presi-
dent, the Senator from Michigan says that the
people of Michigan are not chiefly engaged in agri-
culture. I stated that the leading pursuit of the
people of Michigan and the people of the north-
western States was agriculture. Of course, I did
not mean to say that they did not engage in the
other avocations of life. I meant to say that the
leading pursuit in my State was not agriculture;
that the leading pursuits were commercial, man-
ufacturing, and mechanical. The Senator tells us
that Michigan makes more lumber than any other
State; that it has more iron, more copper. Will
the Senator tell us how much her lumber is taxed
by this bill? Will he tell us how much her iron is
taxed by this bill? Will he tell us how much her
copper is taxed by this bill? Will he tell us what
leading pursuit of the people of Michigan is taxed
heavily by this bill ?
Massachusetts produces annually one hundred
and fifty millions of manufactured articles, and
articles made by her artisans, and you propose
by this bill to tax her product three per cent. I
do not complain of it. I am willing that the differ-
ent nuuiufactuies of my State should be taxed
three per cent. What I object to, is this taxation
upon the raw material, of which she manufac-
tures about £30,000,000 annually. This tax, I
say, will be about £3,000,000 upon the cotton
manufactuiers ofthe country, about half of which
will be paid in my own State. Believing it to be
an unwise policy for the nation, believing it to be
against the interests of the people I represent, 1
have stated these facts to the Senate. I said noth-
ing that could reflect upon the people of Michigan,
or the people of any other State. I thought noth-
ing that could lufk'Ct upon them. The leading
pursuit of the people of the West being agricul-
ture, I thought and said that they did consume,
and must consume, vastly less of articles, foreign
and domestic, upon which duties are paid or taxes
laid, than a commercial, a mechanical, or a man-
ufacturing people; and what I said upon that ques-
tion, no man who has watched the course of
trade, who has studied the business interests of
this country, and knows whereof he affirms, can
deny. Why, sir, what do you suppose must be
the difference between the seven hundred thousand
people of the city of New York and the people of
Wisconsin or Iowa, in the amount of duties they
contribute to the Government of the country? It
will average five to one, because upon everything
they eat, upon everything they drink, upon every-
thing they wear, they pay a duty.
In speaking ofthe duties paid by the people of
my State, I did not wish to represent them as
better able to pay than the people of Michigan;
by no means. Our people do not pay according
to their ability to pay. They pay according to
their necessities, their position. You will find
some townships with a population of from five to
ten thousand, raising nothing, buying everything
that they consume. Then you will find town-
ships lying beside them buying hardly anything.
The one is engaged m agriculture, and the other
engaged entirely in manufactures, commercial, or
mechanical pursuits. The man on his farm laises
nearly all the products consumed by himself and
his family. A farmer worth thousands would pay
less duties for the support of his family than many
of the poorest mechanics that live within a ctune's
throw of him, and the difference is that one buys
but little during thu year and the other lias to buy 1
tiveiyihing that his family consumes. Men and <
communities consume foreign and domestiegoods j
not according to their ability to pay, but accord- j
ing to their needs; and commercial, manufactur- j
in"-,and mechanical communities pay more duties, )
more indirect taxes, than do agricultural commu- :
nities. This is plain to the comprehension of any
one, and in saying that the people of my State
paid vastly more duties for the support of the
Government than did the agricultural people of
the Northwest, I did not mean to assert that they
were better able to pay those duties.
Mr. McDOUGALL obtained the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg the Senator from
California to give me one single moment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say to the Senator
from Michigan that I think this discussion in the
form it has taken has gone on long enough. I
regret very much that the subject, which is purely
a business question, should have led to a contro-
versy between sections, interests, and Senators.
The sooner it terminates, I think, the better for the
creditot the body and the interest of the country.
Mr. President, f have expressed my views to
the Senate once before on this subject, but I am
not disposed to have the vote taken without pre-
senting a few additional considerations. It strikes
me that a great many of our opinions on this sub-
ject have grown out of a controversy that has ex-
isted in the country for the last thirty or forty years
with regard to our external revenue, which, in-
stead of being a discussion of a question of science
with a scientific view, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing how revenue could be best derived consistent
with the wealth and progress of the nation, has
been a rivalry of parties. I affirm that there is no
such antagonism, such as is indicated here by this
argument, between the agricultural, the manufac-
turing, and the commercial interests. They are
one, and should be treated and considered as one,
and all to be promoted. Commerce and the pro-
ductions that go into commerce constitute one of
the first essentials of every progressive nation's
wealth. The more we can furnish of our own
pioduction, and find for it a market abroad, the
greater, as a general rule, is our wealth. The
more complete the labor that has gone into the
m tide of export, the greater again is our wealth.
For instance: we pioduce the law mateiial, be it
corn or be it cotton, and then send it forward to
our own manufactories to be manipulated by our
own people, wherein their labor is employed,
having the effect of giving a further market for
home produce, increasing the value of the article,
and deriving larger sums from the foreign market
where we make the sale. It is unquestionably
better that our wheat should find a market in New
England, where wheat is not produced, but where
cotton fabiics and other manufactures are pro-
duced, than to ship the raw material abroad, if we
can get the same price. It is a great ad vantage to
the State to which I belong that we have a great
home market. Our mining interests are not an-
tagonistic to the agricultural interest of the valley.
It is the mining interest of the mountains that sus-
tains the agriculture of the valley. It is the man-
ufacturing interest of New England that sustains
the vast agricultural interest of the West. Then,
again, it is as well the agriculture of the West as
our commeice carrying our productions to foreign
markets which sustains oui manufacturing intei-
esto. There ought to be no hostility or rivalry
between them. They ought each to seek to pro-
mote the other, the East to build up the West, and
the West to build up the East, and all to build up
the foreign commerce of our country.
There is a radical fault in this entire bill; not
that taxes do not adjust themselves to the whole
country, but taxes are charged first on manufac-
tures, and the burden is first charged on them,
and the pi ocess of adjustment is a process of time;
and therein is the injustice.
But with regard to this particular tax, we are
taxing onrown country, and promoting the intei-
ests oi'foreign nations. We have now a large for-
eign cotton market. It has been growing rapidly.
The increase of our exports of cotton fabrics has
been marked every successive year. New mar-
kets are ju.st being opened where we are compet-
ing wun England, more extensive maikets prob-
able than now or have heretofore existed in the j
woild foi oar fabucs. It is at tins time proposed ,
to impwHr a tax upon the article which is to go j
into our manufactures, and which manufacturing
muuest Will furnish a maikct for our produce. J
As the gentleman from Massachusetts has said, |
they are now cupphd, and you< will cripple them ;
worse. If the manufacturing interests of New !
England are paralyzed, if her manufactures ot cot- •
ton cease to a large extent, where is the market '
for your breadstuff's? Just' as these interests fall,
so the interests of the West "fall. I say-it is.an
unwise policy, both as a "home pojicy and with
regard to our commerce. We ought.to promote,
not to take an opportunity to impose burdens on
this important article of commerce, and mitke it
the subject of special taxation. This is a special
tax. It is the only raw material that is taxed; anti
I say it is more unwise as a matter of national
policy than to tax corn, or to tax wheat. I think
there ought to be som'c wisdom, some counsel
here; and gentlemen should not fall back upon the
lesson they loarncd when they fought as Whig or
Democrat on the tariff on the stump, and studied,
not political economical science, but party law
and the little petty arguments they resorted tofor
the purpose of getting political advantage.
Mr. HALE. As something has been saidabout
the interests of manufacturers in relation to this
tax on cotton—and I shall probably vote differ-
ently from most of those who represent manufac-
turing districts—I wish to say a word or two on
this subject. I live in a district eminently man-
ufacturing. The great interest of the city in which
1 reside, containing about ten thousand inhabit-
ants, is manufacturing; and there ore a great many
very large manufacturing establishments in my
congressional district—perhaps nearly as many
as in any district in the United States. I think I
have as much sympathy with this class as any-
body, and I shall endeavor to represent them as
faithfully as anybody; but I shall vote for this
tax on cotton, and I want to state a very few
grounds on which I think it is justifiable.
Cotton is spoken of as a raw material. Well,
sir, there are a great many things that are a raw
material in one sense and a manufactured article
in another. Take, for instance, the article of iron.
So far as the miner and smelter are concerned, it
is the product of their industry; but to the manu-
facturer ot tools or machinery ,&cM who uses iron,
it is raw material. So, if you take the article of
leather. So far as the butcherand tanner are con-
cerned,it isa manufactured article; because it has
gone through the hands of the butcher and tanner,
and is the resultof those two producers; but when
you come to the shoemaker, it is to him a raw
material. It so happens that, in my immediate
neighborhood and very near to me, there aregicat
numbers of shoemakers. Indeed, in my State I
think the manufacture of shoes has got to be some-
thing more than half, if not two thirds, as great
as the manufactures of cotton. That branch of
industry is ciituely stricken down; it is uttcily
prostrate, more so than the manufactures of cot-
ton; and yet in this bill you propose, in several
instances, a pretty heavy tax on their raw mate-
rial. You tax all sorts of sole leather, calfskin,
dressed leather, and enameled leather, which is
used by manufacturers of carriages, and which is
to them raw materia], just as cotton ist.) the man-
ufacturers; and there was no objection raised to
taxing them.
Now, sir, according to the best light that I have,
and the best views I can give on this subject, we
are not now preparing a bill which shall best reg-
ulate and protect and foster the great interests of
the country; but we are in a life and death strug-
gle, and the question is, how we can sustain our-
selves in it? We are acting for a pressing emer-
gency that is upon us now, in the instant; and the
question is not how we shall live, but shall we
live at all? Shall the Government be sustained?
Shall the country be saved? In doing that, you
look aiound and see where this burden shall be
imposed. To my humble judgment, cotton is one
of those articles on which a tax ought to be laid,
and it ought to be taxed just as much, to say the
least of it, as leather; just as much as a great many
other articles which are to the manufacturer a raw
material, just as this leather is to the manufac-
turers of carriages and shoes. I do not pretend
to be exceedingly well versed in statistics. I can
only take a comprehensive view of the subject. [
am not so well versed as my honorable and ex-
cellent friend from Rhode I.£dand, [Mr. Simmon's;]
but to my mi.id the common Rons.-of tin* thins is
that cotton will bear and oug! t to bear tbi.s bur-
den : and instead of it being, as has been suggested,
a tax entirfly on the manufaetureis, it is, as was
said by the Senator from Michigan, a tax upon
every man that wears a shirt. Perhaps there is
no aitiele of manufacture that is more generally
diffused over the country, and on which a tax
