1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the benefit of the convictions you really have. They
are the great party to this controversy; they de-
mand that this tribunal, the highestone they know,
should be filled by their friends, by those who are
loyal to them. Tell them, therefore, that while you
do not for a certainty know but that you have re-
moved from this body a man who may be a friend
or theirs, you do certainly know that there is no
man left here who is not their friend, who is not
loyal to the Constitution, who will not defend it at
all hazards and under all circumstances. I know
we should be slow to come to such a conclusion
as the resolution proposes; but I know that we
should not avoid such a conclusion when it is
forced upon us  We must not hesitate to weigh
evidence, because it tends to an ungrateful or an
unpleasant conclusion.
It is said, sir, that it is better that many guilty
persons should escape punishment than that one
innocent person should be punished. As a principle
regulating the criminal jurisprudence of the coun-
try, it is a humane one, and I am not here to con-
trovert it; but when you assert it for the regula-
tion of a tribunal like this, and upon an occasion
like this, I say it has no applicability and it has
no truth. When you consider the grave and im-
portant character of the functions to be exercised
here, I say it is better that these seats should be
utterly vacant; it would be vastly better that every
. man holding a seat here should be removed from
the body for the time being, than that one traitor,
one man disloyal to the Government of the coun-
try, should have a seat here, and should deliberate
upon those grave and important concerns which
daily occupy our attention. Your first duty—the
duty you owe to your own consciences and to
your country—is to know that no man holding a
seat here is disloyal, is a traitor. It is the one
thing all-important to know. You may blunder
about me; you may blunder about the Senator
from Indiana; you may deprive me of a seat here
when I ought to have it; you may say that you
believe I am a traitor when I am as loyal as you
are; it would be a great wrong done to me. I know
it; I should feel it; but I say if you allow me to sit
here a day or an hour after that time in which you
believe that I am disloyal to the country, you com-
mit a crime higher, graver, more momentous than
expelling a regiment of Senators from these seats.
I therefore feel compelled to vote for this resolu-
tion, and I shall do so; and although I shall not
be able to console myself by the assertion that I
do not certainly know but what the Senator from
Indiana may be innocent of treason, I shall find
great consolation in being able to say to myself,
and being able to say to the people of the country,
that I do know the Senate of the United States is
innocent of all traitors.
Mr. WILMOT. Mr. President, I shall be brief
in what I have to say on this cose. To me it seems
to lie in a very narrow compass.
Before proceeding to speak of the case, I de^iie
to say that my relations with the Senator from
Indiana are of such a character that I shall with
pain vote to expel him from his seat in this body.
Seventeen years ago we met in this Capitol; both
young men, and both members of the then domi-
nant party. Since then we have differed widely,
touching public men and measures; yet through
all the heat and bitterness of political warfare for
the past fifteen years, I have remembered v/iLh
pleasure our early acquaintance and intercourse.
I sincerely regret the position in which the Sena-
tor is placed. A sense of public duly alone, con-
strains me to vote for his expulsion from the
Senate.
What is the case presented against the Senator
from Indiana? It rests upon no disputed or doubt-
ful facts. Every important fact in the case is ad-
mitted—full confession is made in open Senate.
The Senator from Indiana tells us that lie would,
under the same circumstances, do again the act
complained of. Mr.President,theScnatoi 's views
of duty and my own differ so widely, that what
he regards as innocent and natural, as a proper
courtesy to an old friend, to me has the features
of disloyalty—not to give it the harsher name of
treason.
What, sir, are the facts and circumstances of
this case? The slaveholders of the nation, rely-
ing on human slavery as the bond of their unity
and strength, unwilling that the free men of the
Republic should assume the management of Gov-
ernment affairs, set on foot a rebellion in the
563
southern and slavehotding States of the Union.
When this letter was written, it had been carried
forward to the organization of an independent
government; the machinery of that government
was in active operation. Armies were being or-
ganized, disciplined, and equipped, to maintain
the rebellion by the power of the sword. Every
reasonable hope of a settlement was past. The
Senator from Indiana knew all this; no man knew
it better. It is true, from the timidity—I might
almost say complicity—of the late Administra-
tion, no blow had been struck at this formidable
rebellion; still those concerned in it were no less
traitors for this cause. The cowardice or even
treachery of Mr. Buchanan could in no degree
excuse Davis and his co-workers in treason. The
forbearance of the Government towards the trai-
tors cannot be pleaded by them in extenuation of
their crime; nor can theiraidersand abettors shield
themselves behind the weakness or treachery of
those then in power. Yet here rests one of the
strong grounds of defense taken by and for the
Senator from Indiana. The Government had done
nothing against the rebellion ! It had brought no
armies in the field ! had fought no battles ! A
fear that betrayed like treason" had paralyzed the
executive arm, and the Government was sinking
into imbecility and contempt! How does all this
change the character of the rebellion, or extenu-
ate the crime of those involved in it? The Sen-
ator from Indiana admits that he could not have
written the letter with innocence after the procla-
mation of President Lincoln calling for seventy-
five thousand men. Why not, if he could do so
before? Did the proclamation change the position
of Davis towards this Government? Did it in-
volve any one in guilt who, up to that time, was
innocent? Was iunnocent for Lincoln to go upon
his errand with an improved fire-arm to the con-
federate government before the proclamation, and
treasonable to go afterwards? It is idle to look
here for any extenuation of the case whatever.
The proclamation of the President in no way
affects it.
Jefferson Daviswas the chosen chief of the rebel
government. He was every inch a traitor. The
Senator from Indiana knew the damning treason
of his friend and former associate. His crime was
a wicked one—the most so of any of which man
can be guilty—the deepest dyed and blackest in
the catalogue of crime.
To me it seems that many gentlemen of the late
Democratic party are afflicted with .a moral ob-
liquity in the view they take of this wicked rebel-
lion and its authors. The leading traitors so long
dominated over the Democratic party that the
fragment that now remains seems to connect the
rebellion with a struggle for Democratic ascend-
ency, and the leading traitors as friends having
strong claims on their sympathy. Evidently the
Senator from Indiana was strongly possessed of
this view of the treason and the traitors.
To judge lightly of the act of the Senator, we
must look at the rebellion and its chief as~"'they
truly aie—the one as a treasonable revoltagainst
a just Government, and the other as the chief of
tiaitors. He was no other than a rank traitor, a
great State criminal, that the Senator addressed
on the 1st of Mai ch as " his excellency, the pres-
ident of the confederated states,5J commending to
his confidence as " reliable in every*respect" one
who sought the rebel government on a treasona-
ble errand. What was the eirand on which the
Senator from Indiana commcndcd his friend to the
usurper and traitor at Montgomery? It was no
other than the. salt; of an alleged improved fire-
arm. Have I stated the case too strongly against
the Senator from Indiana? 1 would notdoso. To
me, sir, it has the complexion of a great crime. j|
I will not call it treason, although it might be dilli- n
cult to find a more appropriate name for it. j|
It was well said by the Senator from New i[
Yoik, [Air. Harris,] that if the letter had not s'
been written, or if its essential pait were taken 1;
away, it would be a very innocent thing, and no jj
Senator would think ofexpelling the Senator from
Indiana from his seat. Unfortunately, the letter
icas written. An indictment for murder, permit
me to say to the Senator from New York, with
•the homicide clause out, would be a \ery harm-
less piece of paper. !
Mr. President, I have briefly considered to j
whom this letter was addressed—to a desperate j
traitor. It commended to his fullest confidencc !
one who entertained a traitorous purpose, and the
matter of the letter was most treasonable. Here
is the whole case, and it sounds of treason in every
part. J
What was the position and relation to the Gov-
| ernment of the Union of him who wrote thi* Iet-
! t6/V was a ®ena-tor, one of the high officers
: i -rfr0v.ernment—a sworn, confidential adviser
i of the President. What was his plain and bounden
duty? To stand by the Government, with all his
energies and power. To be vigilant, constant, and
i untiring m his efforts to crush the rebellion, and
to bring to punishment its leading traitors. This
was his duty. Can it be possible that a loyal Senator
could so far forget this high duty as to hold com-
munication with the rebellious government, touch-
ing the purchase of an improved fire-arm ? It can-
not be possible. No loyal citizen would have done
it, much less a loyal Senator. Forgetful of his
duties, unfaithful to his senatorial trust, he is no
longer worthy of a seat in this Senate.
With all respect for my colleague, and for the
honorable Senator from New York, I must say
that in my judgment they have taken a narrow
and technical view of this case. They deal with
the Senator from Indiana as one on his trial for
treason, and themselves as judges or jurors sworn
to try him under all the technical rules of presump-
tions and reasonable doubts, applicable in such
cases. Herein they greatly err. We sit here in
trial upon the Senator from Indiana, not to pro-
nounce judgment against him for the crime of
treason, but to say by our votes, under the facts «
before us, if he be a loyal and safe man to sit in
this high council of State.
Mr. COWAN. I desire to ask my honorable
colleague, if Mr. Bright is not guilty of treason,
what is he guilty of?
Mr. WILMOT. J will answer my colleague
by saying; that if I were called upon to-day to give
any definition of his offense I should pronounce
it tieason; but I am frank to admit that if f were
sitting as a juior, there are those doubts hanging
about the case that would make me hesitate to
pronounce a verdict of guilty; but as a Senator, I
will not hesitate as to the vote I shall give here.
The conducTofthe Senator from Indiana,judged
by the facts and circumstances surrounding the
case, looks like treason; still I might not be pre-
pared so to pronounce, sitting as a juror on his
trial. I know not under what circumstances of
haste, or thoughtlessness, the letter was written.
These, if they existed, were for the Senator from
Indiana to show. There may not have existed,
at the time the letter was written, that deliberate
and wicked purpose essential to the technical
crime of treason. We know not. We have the
letter before us. It was tor it ten to a traitor, and for
a trait or f and to further a treasonable end. What
more docs my colleague want? The Senator on
trial has given us no facts or mitigating circum-
stances whatever. As a juror, I might even re-
fuse on the case, as it stands, to pronounce the
verdict of guilty of high treason. But when the
case is presented to me as a Senator—is the Sen-
ator* from Indiana a safe man to sit here? Is his
loyalty and fidelity to the Government justly ob-
noxious to strong and well-grounded impeach-
ment? Can he be trusted to advise the President,
and to share in our deliberations,in this crisis of
public affairs? To these inquiries I can have no
doubt whatever. I shall vote to expel the Sena-
or from Indiana from ins seat in the Senate.
What it is right to do in this case, the Senate
should do promptly and fearlessly. A timidity,
bordering on cowardice,paralyzes the arm of the
Government. Treason stalks abroad in open day.
We must vindicate the character of the Senate,
and our own sclf-respect; we must give to the
people an assurance that here, at least, infidelity
and disloyalty meet with a speedy and condign
punishment.
Now, sir, it seems to me that I have stated the
whole case. I put the case upon the record and
upon nothing else. 1 place it uponnhe Senator's
letter of the 1st of March. I take that letter and
the circumstances of the country at the time, the
position of the Senator, the position of the man
to whom the letter was written, the position of the
man for whom it was written, and the errand upon
which he went, and 1 say the facts are conclusive
and overwhelming against the Senator from In-
diana. There is no possible escape from the
conclusion. It is a legal maxim that a man is
