THE CONGBESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON,"'!)!." C. -
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1862.
* New Series...,JN"o;sX60;.
understand the effect of his proposition. I have
just offered to impose a tax on the whole product
of three quarters of a cent on the upland, and a
cent and a haif on the sea island, and take off the
three per cent, on manufactures, which amounts
to about two and ahalf millions. 1 will show him
the difference in the result to the Treasury. I sup-
pose we all want to get money into the Treasury,
and if { show the difference in the result of these
two plans to the Treasury, the Senator will under-
stand what I mean.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned,
I am not willing to vote for any proposition that
would waive the three percent, on manufactures.
Mr. SIMMONS. On cotton?
Mr. SHERMAN. On all manufactures.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not ask him to waive
it on anything but on cotton manufactures, and
do not ask him to do that, if we do not put a tax
on the cotton itself. I want to explain the effect
that this proposition of the Senator from Ohio will
have on the Treasury. He will not consent to
waive the three per cent, on manufactures. I do
not ask him to do so. 1 ask him to substitute for
the three per cent, on cotton manufactures four
per cent, in the form of a tax on cotton; and we
are willing to pay our portion for the sake of get-
ting the tax on foreigners. I suppose it is a mat-
ter of perfect demonstration that if wo put three
quarters of a cent on upland, and a cent and ahalf
on sea island, we shall get $16,000,000. We raise
more than two thousand millions of pounds on up-
land. That is the average crop. He read the other
day of a crop of which there were exported seven-
teen hundred millions,andsomethingover;and he
made it out that we consumed about four hundred
millions in this country. I have no doubt we do.
That makes about uventy-one hundred millions
of pounds of cotton; so that a tax of a cent a pound
would give $21,000,000; and a tax of three fourths
of a cent on upland, and a cent and a half on sea isl-
and, would giveabout sixteen millionsof dollars.
At least five sixths of this cotton is shipped; and
if we pay $3,000,000 in this country, there will be
at least $13,000,000 to be paid abroad. He pro-
poses to take half of it off; and if we use the same
proportion, there will be $6,500,000 to pay abroad.
Now, in order to get $2,500,000 extra out of the
cotton manufacturers here, he will lose $0,500,000
from the exports; That is a plain proposition.
He would rather do that, in order to put still
heavier burdens on a particular interest that is
depressed now. I must confess I should greatly
refer to put these $13,000,000 on the foreigners,
do not think either England or France have so
conducted themselves towards us during this pend-
ing conflict as should make us very desirous to
tax our own people and let them go free, I think
we had better have the tax on them. The eastern
manufacturers and the manufactures of the coun-
try are willing to take this, if you will only take
off the three per cent, on the manufactured arti-
cle; but anybody can see that to compel them to4
pay both would be oppressive.
Mr. SHERMAN. As my proposition does
not seem to suit the Senator from Rhode Island,
I certainly shall not press it. As I am willing to
tax cotton a cent a pound, I prefer to withdraw it.
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition now ujider
consideration is substantially the one I offered
yesterday, and which was voted down. I trust
that it will now receive the vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Ohio to withdraw that
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I will let it stand.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Oh io to modify his amendment, so that a tax of
one and a half cent a pound shall be laid on sea
island cotton, and one half cent per pound on all
other cotton.
Mr. SHERMAN. The quantity of sea island
cotton is so small in comparison with the whole
amount that 1 think it is scarcely worth while to
discriminate.
Mr. CLARK. The most of it goes abroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but the whole
160
F
amount is only fifteen millions of pounds. It will
be so small a matter that I would not discrimin-
ate between them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair the motion of the Senator from Ohio
is not in order. It is the precise question voted
on yesterday. The striking out of the words
" per pound," and putting the very same words
back again cannot alter it. The question voted
on yesterday was to strike out " one cent" and
insert " one half cent." Now it is proposed to
strike out " one cent per pound" and insert "one
half cent per pound," which is the precise mo-
tion voted on yesterday.
Mr. CLARK. If the Chair rules it out of order,
we can come at it by rejecting the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify my motion to
strike out the words " one cent" and insert "five
mills." A mere change of phraseology has al-
ways been held to be sufficient-
Mr. SIMMONS; I should be very sorry to
see such a rule prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has prevailed since
this tax bill has been up.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, this is, as I
stated, substantially the amendment I offered yes-
terday. I believe it has been ruled, ever since I
have been a member of the body, that an amend-
ment of this description, when it was clothed in
different phraseology, was in order, although it
reached the same point. I understand the Chair
now so to decide. I hope this amendment will be
adopted. Here we are legislating, trying to es-
tablish a tax bill for this great nation; the most
momentous duty that ever devolved upon any
deliberative body, and I think the most difficult;
legislating for so many zones and so many paral-
lels of latitude and longitude, so many different
mechanical pursuits, so many different agricultu-
ral pursuits. Our effort ought to be, and I have
no doubt it is, to levy this tax as equally as pos-
sible, and so that it shall not operate unjustly or
harshly upon any portion of the confederacy.
That is my purpose, and I believe it fre be the pur-
pose of efery member of the body.
Now it is proposed to levy a tax on cotton. I
think there ought to be a small tax laid on cotton;
but how much should it amount to? We have
been told that by laying this direct tax on cotton,
we shall compel England and France to pay an
enormous amount of our public indebtedness. In
the first place we have not got any cotton to ex-
port to England and France, and shall not have
until after Congress shall assemble again; we shall
not have until after we have an opportunity to
determine for ourselves how much this half cent
a pound will affect the manufacturers of cotton in
this country. Is it not the dictate of prudence to
lay a small tax and wait and see its operation on
our manufacturers? We do not want to cripple
the manufacturers of New England or any other
portion of the country. We want them to pay as
large a revenue as possible into the Treasury of
the United States; and in order that they may be
able to pay a reasonable revenue, we must not tax
them up to the point where their energies will be
crippled in the slightest degree. We arc told, and
I am satisfied from the arguments I have heard
here to-day? and from the examination I have
given to the subject, that half a cent a pound is
as much as the manufacturers can stand. I say,
therefore, it is the dictate of prudence on our part
to tax them no more than that amount. I do not
sympathize at all with any of this sentiment that
is got up here between different sections of the
Union. I want to see a tax levied that will op-
orate against them justly and equally upon every
portion of the Union I would not lay a feather
upon any portion of the people that would operate
injuriously to their interests. Acting upon that
idea, and convinced as I am that one cent a pound
on cotton would bodisastrousto the manufacturing
interests of some sections of the country, I shall
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. I would not have said another
word upon this question were it not for the pecu-
liar turn the debate has taken to-day. it has been
made to assume an aspectas though the contest was
between theWestand the East, or between agricul-
ture and manufactures. I do think it isof the very
; first importance that we get rid of that idea alto- *
gether. No such struggle can exrst, I arti satisfied,
without proving absolutely fatal both to agricul-
ture and manufactures. There can be no contest
between them; they must stand or fall together.
Manufactures cannot live a day without agricul-
ture, and agriculture cannot live a day without
manufactures. I am at a loss now to understand
the reason why the Senator from Massachusetts
who addressed! the Senate a short time since and
myself cannot vote together, because I am per-
fectly satisfied that the Senator does not seek to
shield his constituents or that portion of the coun-
try from any burden or tax that may be justly-
laid upon them. I am sure that that is his dis-
position; and 1 know for a dead certainty that I
have no disposition to impose a cent of burden
upon the people of Massachusetts, or the people
of New England, that is not just and equitable
for them to bear; and I really cannot understand,
when that is the disposition that actuates two
men, why they cannot act together. I have said
once or twice, and I do not know but more than
that, that I thought this tax the very one which
every section of the country ought to insist upon.
The Senator from Massachusetts stated the gen-
eral law that regulated this taxation, undoubtedly
'correctly, this morning when he stated that, al-
though it was not true that it always fell upon the
consumer, yet it fell either upon the producer or
the consumer. I said, the other day, that if you
put this tax upon cotton, that portion of it which
falls upon the producer will fall upon the wealth-
iest and guiltiest class in the country; and for that
portion of it which falls upon the consumers they
can as well afford to pay on this article as upon
any other.
But there has been another proposition sub-
mitted here this morning, which was to put this
tax of one cent on cotton and take off the tax of
three perccnt, on manufactures of cotton. I have
not the slightest objection to that in the world,
if the manufacturers are to pay it. If any one
expects that the manufactures of cotton goods
are going to pay the $3,000,000, I think they are
mistaken in their calculations, for it would be a
very unjust tax. I do not want them to pay any
such sum, and I am not particularly anxious that
the consumers of cotton goods should pay this
$3,000,000. I know they have got to pay it some-
how, and it is not particular whether they pay it
on that or something else. We have got to have
this revenue; and if you remit this $3,000,000 on
manufactured cotton, you must get $3,000,000 in
some other diiection. 1 would just as lief go in
any other direction. There is no one interest I
am moredesirous of protecting than Iamtheman-
ufacturers of cotton goods. Of course, I cannot be
any more desirous of protecting them than any
other branch of manufactures as important to the
country as that is. I shall not have the slightest
objection to the adoption of the suggestion of the
Senator from Rhode Island, and I really wish
there could be some proposition made that would
bring the representatives of these distant sections
together. I tell Senators now that if they can show
me that the imposition of this tax is going to
cripple the business of manufacturers, then I am
against it; and they have only got to address them-
selves to that one purpose. Show me that, and
then I am against it, because I cannot afford to
see that interest crippled. I do not represent a #
manufacturing interest; I do not represent a man-
ufacturing community; 1 repiesent an agricultural
community; but I represent a community that
cannot exist unless manufacturers do also.
Mr. CLARK. I want to say a word to the
Senator from Wisconsin. The agricultural re-
gion of the West think that a tax of one cent a
pound should be laid upon cotton; they think it
just and fair; and I do not see any reason why it
is not. The manufacturing region of the East
think there should not be anything laid on'cotton;
