2546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
they think it would cripple and burden it. Now,
it is moved by the Senator from Ohio that, to unite
and harmonize the two sections, the agricultural
and the manufacturing: interest, we take one half.
Why will not the agricultural region meet the
manufhcturing region, and if that would be satis-
factory, harmonize the very difficulty that is pro^
posed ? It is a very small matter in some aspects
of the case, and a very great one in others; nut I
suggest to the Senator from "Wisconsin that it is
of vast importance that we go harmoniously to-
gether.
Mr. COWAN. May I ask whether the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Ohio to the amendment was not overruled by the
Chair?'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the im-
pression of the Chair that the amendment is not
in order by a change of" one half cent" to " five
mills." It is the same thing. But a motion to
reconsider, in the opinion of the Chair, would be
the direct way to get at it.
Mr. COWAN. If that be so, the question be-
fore the Senate is whether the Senate will concur
in the amendment made by the Committee of the
Whole striking out this section. I hope they will.
All this difficulty, it will be observed, comes from
an attempt to introduce into the bill that which is
a violation of one of its first principles. It is very
easy to see the reason why we do not agree about
this subject. Gentlemen may desire harmony and
conciliation as much as they will. The vice is in
the change attempted to be introduced in the bill
as it came from the committee that reported it.
What is that principle, Mr. President ? It is, if
possible, to levy but one tax upon the same arti-
cle—a thing so obvious that it is strange anybody
onywherecould be found opposed to it. The bill
chooses to levy the tax on cotton upon the man-
ufactured article; it chooses to allow the cotton to
pass on until it arrives'at that finished stage of
production when It leaves the hands of the whole-
sale manufacturer and is to be distributed about
among the people for consumption. There the
tax js imposed, and when that is done the whole
ought to be done. But for the purpose of taxing
it again, it is now proposed to tax the cotton be-
fore it comes to (he hands of the manufacturer;
or, in other words, to tax the raw material, be-
cause itis,as to the manufacturer, a raw material.
Whotherit be considered a manufactured product
coming fiom the agncultuiist, it is not material
to inquire.
Now, Mr. President, I am opposed to it, not
because I have any interest in the question, so far
as my constituents are concerned, one way or the
other*, that is, I am not looking to their interest
in this behalf; I am looking at the whole nation;
I am lookmgatan attempt to impose this tax fairly
and equably on the people who ought to pay it,
and then I expect that it will be honorably paid;
but if the tax is levied, and we attempt to justify it
with any other objcct m our eye, we get in to these
squabbles, and bad feeling will be the resultcvery-
where, and the tax will not be honorably paid.
Every exception of this kind should be stricken
fioin the bill. I have no particular desire to tax
cotton because that region of country which pro-
duces cotton is now in rebellion. If I thought a
tax upon cotton would suppress the rebellion, I
would tax it to any extent; but a tax upon cotton
is not a tax upon the rebellion; it is not a tax upon
the man who produces cotton; it is a tax upon the
people who wear cotton; and my people and the
northern people wear a great deal more cotton than
the southern people. It is idle to suppose that
when we tax cotton we thereby do something
which will have a deleterious effect upon the cot-
ton grower; it is not true; it is injuring ourselves
for the purpose of injuring our enemy. If that is
the view with which tins tax is to be imposed, I
hope it will not be done, but that we shall stand
% cleailybythe principles of the bill. When an
article is once taxed, let that suffice; let us not pur-
sue it with the collector and catch it at this stage
and the other of its progress towards a finished
production, and tax it at all of thorn. Everybody
.has a right to object to that. Massachusetts has
a nght.to object to taxing cotton in its raw state,
when you go to her and ask her to pay the tax
upon it m its manufactured state.
Then, these being^cnerul principles, not only
applicable to cotton btjt to .everything—obvious, I
think,to the good sense ofevei^bGdy—if we adopt
them we shall mature this bill in a few minutes
and pass it, and then we shall have an answer
to everybody who inquires of us why it is done
this way or why it is done the other way; because
the statement of the principle is a justification of
the bill.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I have been
under the impression that the more equally you
distribute this burden of taxation the better it will
be for the country, and that that is the object which
the Senate should desire; and therefore I am un-
able to reconcile the hostility to the proposed tax
upon cotton that has been exhibited in this body.
One class of Senators seem to suppose that this
proposed tax will come out of the manufacturing
interest, and that alone. Now, sir, I think it is a
proposition which cannot be denied, that any tax
which may be levied upon cotton will be borne
partly by the producer, partly by the manufac-
turer, and partly by the consumer. I do not be-
lieve in the broad proposition that the consumer
pays all the tax, any more than I believe in tho
proposition that the manufacturer pays the tax.
There is no article of such general consumption
as the article of cotton; it is used in every State and
by everybody; and I think that if the whole sum
proposed to be raised by taxation could be raised
by a tax upon this single article alone, it would
more equally distribute the burdens upon the peo-
ple than could possibly be done by selecting an in-
numerable number of subjects of taxation. The
citizen of your own State, Mr. President, [Mr.
Trumbull in the chair,] who is deliberating
whether he shall burn corn for fuel as cheaper
than the ordinary fuel of the country, will pay his
proportionate partof this tax if it shall be levied.
He has realized that his corn mills, as well as
New England manufacturing establishments, have
stopped running. It is not for any other reason
than that his corn is worth to him but eight cents
a bushel, and it is for the very same reason that
it is worth to him but eight cents a bushel that it
is supposed the manufacturing establishments of
New England will, in ninety days,cease to run;
and what is that reason? Your people have been
deprived of theirformcrmarkctfortheir corn; the
manufacturers of New England have been de-
prived of their customers for their manufactured
articles, and it is because of their inability to pro-
cure the raw material, and because of their loss of
eight millions of consumers who purchased of
them for twelve millions of people that the mills
will cease to run.
But it is said, and the most valuable argument
used against this tax is, that upon the manufac-
tured article which is to compete in the markets
of Calcutta and China with the manufactures of
other countries this tax will be onerous and op-
pressive. Now, ifgentlemen will so frame a prop-
osition, limiting their-proposed drawback to such
manufactured cottons as may be sold in the mar-
kets of China and Calcutta, I will go with them;
but beyond that I am not disposed to go. In one
section of this country, it is the principal article
of production; they arc not engaged in manufac-
turing. Throughout the cotton-growing region
you have no taxable subject upon which you can
raise so great a revenue as you can by imposing
it upon the article of cotton.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him ? 1 understand him to say that he is
willing to go for a drawback so far as the goods
that go to the markets of China and Calcutta are
concerned. I ask him if he would notbe willing,
if he could deprive England of her market in Bra-
zil, to give us a little larger drawback on that
exportation to enable us to do that?
Mr. CARLTLE. I will cordially unite with the
Senator from New Hampshire, and others who
think with him, in any proposition that will sus-
tain the manufacturing interest of this country
against improper competition with the manufac-
turing interest of any other country; but I do not
apprehend that the danger which gentlemen seem
to suppose will arise. Eighty-five per cent., it is
stated, of all the cotton manufactured in Great
Britain is derived from this country. Eighty-five
per cent, of the raw material used by the manu-
facturers of Great Britain comes from this coun-
try. If they did not procure their supplies here,
and were limited to the small amount of raw ma-
terial which they obtain from other parts of the
globe, I should like to know where there could be
any apprehension of a foreign competition ruin-
ous to us. They will have to pay, for eighty-five
per cent, of the raw material that they manufac-
ture, the very same tax that the manufacturer in
this country will pay. If the proposed tax of one
cent a pound shall be imposed on cotton, what is
it? The ordinary price of cotton is about ten cents
a pound, and therefore the proposed tax of one
centis-but ten per cent. You tax the manufac-
ture in the West and in the agricultural and the
middle States that is made out of the articles they
produce there, and you tax them at a time when
it is a fact that their ordinary agricultural produc-
tions are rotting in their barns and granaries be-
cause they are deprived of their ordinary market.
You impose upon whisky, which is made out ot
com, a tax of a hundred and thirty-three and a
third per cent., because the price of the ordinary
article of whisky is not at an average over fifteen
or sixteen cents a gallon, and you impose a tax ot
twenty cents upon it. It is made out of corn, and
that corn is worth to-day only about eight ccnts
a bushel. This the West has agreed to; this the
agricultural interest of the country as represented
in this Senate has agreed to; but when a tax is
proposed to be raised on an article produced in one
particular section of the country, it is opposed
here by the remotest section from where it is pro-
duced, because, perchance,it may lessen to some
extent (and it can only be to the extent of the tax
imposed, admitting the whole theory upon which
this debate has been proceeding) the profits made
by themanufacturinginterestof thecountry, when
it is announced by one representing this interest
on this floor that the manufactured article from
Great Britain cannot be brought into competition
in this market with our own manufactures upon
all articles of coarse cottons. I understand that
to be announced, that they do not come into com-
petition with us here, that we furnish the whole
supply of the manufacture of coarse cottons, and
that we are without competition from abroad in
that respect. Here you propose to levy on this
article ten per cent., when you have it in its man-
ufactured state protected by a tariff from any com-
petition from abroad—a tariff of some twenty-four
per cent., I believe. The Senator from Maine
knows the exact amount; I do not know what it
is now. Then there is a protection of fourteen
per cent, even admitting that the whole proposed
tax will be taken from the profits of the manufac-
turer; but the fact is that it will not come out of the
manufacturer, for if there are no foreign manufac-
turers that can compete with us, cannot the man-
ufacturer put the tax upon the goods when man-
ufactured , and will not the consumer be compelled
to pay it? But the law that regulates all taxes will
regulate this; it distributes this burden between
consumer, producer,and manufacturer,and it will
be more equally shared in by the people of this
country than any tax which you will impose by
this or any other bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Chair has
decided that the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio is out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull in the chair.) That is the impression of
the Chair.
Mr. GRIMES. I then move to substitute six
mills instead of one cent. That, I take it, is in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to give the Sena-
tor an opportunity to get a vote on the proposi-
tion he desires, I move to reconsider the vote on
his amendment. I voted in the majority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thentheques-
tion will be on the reconsideration.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur in very much that
has been said by the Senator from Virginia; and
for the very reason that I believe there will be no
competition between foreign manufacturers and
our own, and that the tax must come ultimately
upon the consumers, my people as well as others,
I desire that this tax shall notbe excessive in its
amount, but prefer that it should be one half cent
a pound without any of these drawbacks, which
I think will complicate and render the bill very
difficult to be carried into execution. I hope the
motion to reconsider will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to re-
consider the vote by which the Senate yesterday
refused to strike out " one cent,"andinsert"one
half cent."
Mr. POWELL. I regard a tax upon cotton as
