66
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 4,
3?th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
went, professing to be wise on the subject. These
are new questions, presented for the first time in
our history. They demand careful study, careful
investigation, because upon such measures being
well and wisely matured, depends our success in
this struggle more than on any question of armies,
for we have yet unarmed a million of men ready
for .the field.
"Is it not true that subjects like the one under
consideration, alien to the war, have prevented
anything like careful investigation or considera-
tion of the paramount interests of the Government
and the necessary business of legislation? Who,
I ask, what one Senator has been able to investi-
gate any policy of a foreign Slate that we may as-
similate to the policy we have got to inaugurate?
I think my friend from Ohio [Mr.Sherman] prob-
ably lias paid more attention to that subject, with
the exception of the chairman of the Committee
oil Finance, [Mr. Fessenuen,] than any one else
hero; and yet I think Jie will say that lie is only
on the threshold oi'tlie inquiry. Wo are compelled
here promptly to dovise a great policy to operate
throughout tlio whole counti y and to reach every
man's property. We cannot take the example of
England and copy laws from her statute-book, and
why ? England is a very different country from
ours, and a source of revenue of particular denom-
ination there might bring in many millions of
money, while here it would not pay the expense
of its administration. Wo have not large incomes
as they have in England. Our business is con-
ducted differently; our property is held differently;
our machinery of government is altogetherdifier-
ent. Some of the provisions made 111 regard to
the finances at the extra session have remained a
dead letter on the statute-book, because the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has found it impracticable
to make tiiem operative; and why not operative?
Because unwisely devised or impei fectly matured.
Had wo not better bestow some attention on the
pressing necessities now imposed upon tin- Gov-
ernment, and where the Government asks our aid,
than devote ourselves to the discussion of bills
brought in from tin; Judiciary Committee or the
Committee, on the District of Columbia or the
Committee on Military Affairs, stirring up this
vexed question which has been the foundation of
all our disturbances, and is, I say, the immediate
cause of the present destructive war? 1 will say
hero thill I do nut believe this subject inquires
legislation; Idonoi believe we are wise enough to
apply apt legislation to it. If it be anions tlx1 ac-
cidents or consequences ol' iliis war thaI. slavery
shall be crushed out forever, letsueli resull come;
wo arc not here to discuss the mode of doing it.
For myself, 1 do not know how to contemplate
such a result as tile making free of llie entire slave
population of the South, and thrusting them upon
the Republic, without the gravest apprehension of
■ evil. That man must be both a wise and a brave
man who can look such a result calmly in the face
and with truth say, "This have I done, or this
have I promoted, and what I have done 1 have
done both wisely and justly."
But, Mr. President, while differing with the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee as to the
bill, 1 agree Willi In in in some expressions of opin-
ion,and particularly his well-put concluding sen-
ton ee:
•' Hut, while fi'ihtini? lliw battle in helialfof eonMitUtional
liberty, it behooves ih especially to see to it that the Cou-
Htltutiou receives no detrimental <>tir hand-.. We u ill Inve
gamed but tittle in MippresMujj the himii i.'etion, if i; iie «u
the expense. of file (Jon-titntion; tor the elinms which the
bondman wears are none the lijjhtei because they wote
lorsred by ins own and not another's band*. As wc expect
to come out of dtif content with our (nil and complete
in all it- proponent, uota stripe erased or a .star olHcuied,
so i< t u* preseive tin- Constitution ported in all its pairs,
with all niMraiitee-^br tin: protection of life and hbeit>
unimpaired, and the instrument itself remleied doubly dear
tiom the fact that it has been -=aeteilly maintained and
proven equal to eveiy emeigcncy.under eiicumntancesthe
most trviin; to wiu«-b a nation wa- ever subjected. Then,
when thu t-misrule Is over, we will have an assurance that
oui Go vet nmem irf bt router than ever befou\and that con-
stitutional libi-uy is e.-(abliidicd on a foundation which no
human power will evm be able to t-nhvert."'
These I know to be the sentiments of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. They are sentiments worthy
of him; hut I think ho has made a vast mistake,
a radical mistake, in making, from his premises
in the Constitution,so wide a departure as is ex-
hibited m his bill. Before referring particularly
to the constitutional question, which I shall dis-
cuss very briefly, 1 will see what the Government,
both as a political and constitutional question,
have been disposed to hold upon this matter.
[At this point the honorable Senator gave way
for an executive session.]
Tuesday, March 4, 1862.
Mr. McDOUGALL. At the close of my re-
marks yesterday, I thought that I had covered all
the ground and all the considerations I desired to
present on the question of the constitutionality of
the right of confiscation; but upon recurring to
my memoranda, I find that I had omitted to pie-
sent some authorities, which I think important,
to the consideration of the Senate. I think I shall
be pardoned by the Senate for occupying so much
time, for it must be felt by every one ot us that
this is a question that should be fully discussed
jm all its aspects. I will now call the attention of
the Senate to some lemarks of Justice Story, in his
Commentaries, which I omitted to road yesterday.
In that portion of his Commentaries where he
treats of the subject of treason, and the power re-
served to the Federal Government to punisli trea-
son, he lays down language which, in my judg-
ment, covers the whole constitutional question
involved, in definite terms, besides giving some
reasons of the strongest character why forfeiture
or confiscation should not take place under any
circumstances. He lemarks:
•' ft snicly enough ibi society to take thelife of the of-
f'endet. as a )ti<t pum<hinent of his ciimc, without taking
hum ins oflVpiing and lelarives that piopeity, winch may
be tin; only means tiom saving them tiom poverij andiuin.
it is bad 'policy too; foi it eut^ off ail the attachments
u bieh the<e unfortunate victim* nuijhr otheiwi^e feel toi
their own Government, and prepaies thorn to engage many
other seiviee, by which then Mippo-t:d injunes may be ic-
duvsort, or their heiedifaiy hatied gratified. Upon these
and similar grounds, it maj he pio-umed, that the clause
was flr^t introduced into the original diattot the Constitu-
tion ; and, after some amendments, it \vaa adopted without
any apparent resistance."
The clause indicated is, tViMt there should only
be forfeiture during the lifetime of the party con-
victed.
" By till! laws since passed by Congress, it is declared,
that no conviction or judgment lor any capital or other
offences, shall vvoik couuption of blood, or any forfeiture
oj cstule "
Observe the reasons given for this change of
the rule of the Constitution, made almost imme-
diately after its adoption, made in 1790, shortly
after the t evolutionary war, and when peace had
returned and counsel was prevailing throughout
the country:
t£The IiMoiy of othei coimtucs abundantly pioves that
one ol the M i ou'u incentives to ptor-eeme oft'en^o* as tionson
ha< been the chance of vhann^in the plundei of the vic-
tim-!. Rapacity has been thus stimulated to exeit itself in
the sei vice ol the nnwt eonupt tyranny ; and tyianny has
been ihu? tut nished with new oppoitumties of indulging its
nialmnuv and icvenge; of gtatifyin" its envy of the rich
and good ; and of increasing its means to rewaul favorites,
and Secure retaineis for the worst deeds."
To avoid such motives, it is assumed by the
commentator that the law of 1790 was passed,
which took from the courts the power to render
the judgment of confiscation or forfeiture. And
now observe the statement in the opening of the
next section:
"The power of pum-diing the crimo of treason against
the United States is exclusive m Congress; and the tual of
the offense belong*, exclusively to thviribunuls uppomtedby
them "
What tribunals? What tribunals but the courts
of justice of the country. I will also read on this
same subject, and connected with this question
of bills of attainder, a note introduced by Justice
Story, quoting the authotity of Doctor Paley:
•< Dr. Palev ha* strongly shown his disapprobation of laws
of this sou. L quote fiom him ashoit but pregnant passage:
'Tbi-5 fimdanientatiule of civil jurisprudence is violated in
I he ease of acts of ahainriei or confiscation, in bill*? of pains
and penalties, and in all ex post facto laws whatevei5"—
Here is the objection—
"k in which PaiHnment exercises the double office of le-
gislature and judge. And whoevet either undeistands
the value of the uile itself, or collects the history of tho'-e
instances m which it has been invaded, will be induced. T
believe, to acknowledge that it had been wiser and safer
never to have departed from it. lie will comes?, at least,
that nothing but the mos-t manifest and immediate peril of
the commonwealth will justify a repetition of these danger-
ous examples.5"
And again, in a note on the subsequent page,
where the commentator introduces his own re-
marks:
" During the American Revolution"—
And cases during that period might be quoted
as authority here, perchance—
"this power was used with a most unsparing hand ; and
it has been a matterof regret in succeeding times, however
much it may have been applauded flagrante bcllo."
There is no authority, except the authority of
power in its immediate and present action where
power overrides law, that justifies proceedings of
this kind. It is not to be found in the rules laid
down by any of the calm, wise thinkers of the
past or of the present day.
Now, sir, I will recur to the subject upon which
1 was entering at the time of adjournment yester-
day; and that"is, as to whether the provisions of
this bill with regard to persons held to service or
labor are either constitutional or politic. I object
to the constitutionality of the second section of
the bill, for the reason that it imposes upon the
person claiming and owning a fugitive from ser-
vice the burden of establishing affirmatively, be-
fore such jurisdiction as may be assigned, that he
is a loyal citizen. Now, to begin with, what does
loyalty mean ? it has been said upon this floor
recently that evei y man has his own definition.
Loyalty is not a term known to the law; and the
question of loyalty will have to be determined by
the caprice, proclivities, or inclination of whoever
may be the judge m the case. The bill in this
respect is not good legislation; for when we under-
take to limit a man's right, we should use such
terms as would give a definite,fixed limitin exact
and understood form of words. Loyalty, I sup-
pose, means attachment; and there are various
degrees of it. It may be qualified in a thousand
ways. There may be aceitain degree of loyalty
and disloyalty united in the same individual's
opinion. I say it is not a term known to the law;
it has no particular or definite signification; and,
therefore, it will be left at the control of whoever
may ho assigned to determine whether the proof
of loyalty establishes loyalty ill fact or not.
Then I say that this is imposing a limitation
upon the paity who has an absolute right of recla-
mation under the Constitution. I suppose it is
admitted that the Constitution of the United States
now prevails all over the old Confederacy, over all
the States I understand the Senator from Illi-
nois, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
to deprecate the idea of any violation of the Con-
stitution. I understand the President of the Uni-
ted States and the Secretary of State to proclaim
that the Constitution prevails everywhere, and
that this war is to be waged simply to reestablish
the Constitution and the lav.-s of the Union every-
where. Now, I say, here is legislation which is
a limitation upon the absolute right given to the
owner by the terms of the Constitution. That it
is such an absolute right is not now an open ques-
tion. The nature and force of the constitutional
provision can beclearlyunderstood from its terms;
and upon learned and full argument, it has been
carefully determined by our courts. I believe the
opinion of the Supreme Court of the United States
in Prigg rs. the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
has not been denied from the time that decision was
pronounced until now by any court of the United
States, either in the South or in the North. The
article of the Constitution is in these words :
" No poison lield to service or labor m one State, under the
lawj thereof, escaping into another, shall, m consequence
of any law or legulation therein, be discharged fiom such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the
party to whom such service or labor may be due."
it has been held that it was sufficient for the
claimant to show that he was the party to whom
labor or service was due. Such is the exact sub-
stance uf thu constitutional provision into which
Congress, by law, cannot interpolate any new term.
There is no room for argument upon this subject.
In a note to this article of the Constitution, m the
•ftist volume of the Statutes at Large, the decision
in Prigg vs. Pennsylvania is stated as follows:
" Pneg i's. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, 16 Pe-
ters, 539. The clause in the Constitution lelating to fugi-
tives from laboi manifestly contemplates the existence of a
positive, unqualified right on the part of the owner of the
slave, which no State law or i emulation can in any way qual-
ify, regulate, control, or restrain."
This case grew up under a law of Pennsylva-
