THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
responsible for the natural and necessary conse-
quences of his ait. What did the Senator do?
He coitimended one traitor to another, and the
err-and upon which he commended him was by
theadmission of all a treasonable errand; it was
to g*(ve to hirn an improved fire-arm. Can it be
possible, as I asked before, that a loyal Senator
■wM'ijld do this? Sir, suppose your Commanding
d-eiiferal had written such a letter, would there
hkye been any doubt as to his complicity with
the traitors? The Senator from Indiana occupies
af position in this Government as high and re-
sponsible in many respects as the Commanding
General of your Army. Nay, sir, in dignity of
character he occupied a position second only to the
President of the nation. Suppose he had written
such a letter, would you have had any doubt as
to his complicity with the traitors? Would you
Hfiye had any doubt that he had at least forgotten
His duty to this Government? Sir, an impeach-
ment could have rested on the letter; and to-day
I have serious doubts as to what would be the
result of the trial of the Senator from Indiana
before an impartial jury.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
t^Ir. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor,from California, I suppose, takes the floor to
speak on this question. I ask him if he will give
way for an executive session ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. With pleasure. I think
it is about time we should proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. This thing stands
in the way of all legislation. This morning I
wanted the Senate to take up a bill that related to
the defense of the country, and I was met by the
answer that this thing was to be disposed of.
This will be the way, I fear, until the end of the
session. I hope we shall sit here now until we
take the vote on this question. If we can have
no practical legislation until it is disposed of, let
lis dispose of it. If we do not, the same thing will
b> repeated to-morrow, the next day, the next
week, and the week after.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree with
the Senator as to the importance of disposing of
this question; but 
" Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to make a remark to the
Senator from New Hampshire?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr McDOUGALL. I will sit here until to-
morrow morning if business is to be done; but I
think there is executive business that requires at-
tention. I am willing to wait until the chairman
of the Military Committee gets through his busi-
ness, and then take up this discussion. If the
gentleman from New Hampshire is willing to
wait as long as I am, we will stay here until to-
morrow morning, or the next morning, if ncces-
aary, and camp out here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were're-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 30, 1869.
. The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Patents, giving the
information requested by the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 20th instant; and
stating that the appropriations heretofore made by
Congress in aid of agriculture having been placed
by law undei* the direction of the Commissioner
of Patents, the Interior Department has not con-
sidered itself authorized to control the discretion
thus confided to that officer; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
' The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill (II. R. No. 228)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
With States for supplies furnished their troops,
which "was postponed until to-day, upon which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] is
entitled to the floor
PHILIP SPEYER AND CO.
' Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment to introduce a bill.
Mr KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Philip Speyer & Co.,
of the city of New York.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to cause two certificates of
the loan of 1848, of $1,000 each, with coupons of
semi-annual interest from the 1st of July, 1854,
attached thereto, to be issued to Philip Speyer &
Co., or bearer, to replace that number of similar
certificates, the property of said Speyer & Co.,
namely: No. 1058, issued to Corcoran &Riggs, or
bearer, September 1, 1848, and No. 1129, issued
to R. L. Stuart, or bearer, September 9, 1848,
which were mailed at Frankfort-on-the-Main, in
Germany, for New York, on the 3d day of Feb-
ruary, 1854, with the coupons from said^ 1st of
July, 1854, attached, and were never received in
New York, and are therefore supposed to be lost
or destroyed; provided, that before the issue of
such new certificates said Philip Speyer & Co.
shall furnish to the acceptance of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury such bond or bonds of in-
demnity as are usually required by the regulations
of the Treasury Department for the issue of du-
plicate certificates of inscribed stock.
Mr MAYNARD. I must object to receiving
that bill. I think I have some recollection of the
character of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated thatif there
was no objection the bill would be received for
consideration. The Chair heard no objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I supposed that it was be-
ing reported to the House for information, that
the House might determine whether they would
entertain it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had it read by
Its title, and asked if there was any objection to
its consideration, and heard none. The question
is now on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
Mr. FENTON. The bill simply provides for
the reissue of bonds in the place of those which
have been lost. It imposes no new obligations,
but simply provides for carrying out an old one.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that it may be read.
The report was read.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from New York whether he has in-
quired at the Treasury Department to know
whether the bonds have not been paid, and what
evidence ho has upon that subject?
Mr. FENTON. I have the certificate of the
Register of the Trensmy.
Mr, MAYNARD. What evidence has the
gentlemen of the loss of these bonds? Has he
anything more than the mere non-presentation of
them ?
Mr. FENTON. The certificate of the Regis-
ter shows that these bonds were issued to the per-
sons named in the report; and that since the 1st
of July, 18?4, the coupons attached to those cer-
tificates have not'heen presented for payment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that the only evidence of
the loss ?
Mr. FENTON. It is not. The loss is estab-
lished by the owners who mailed them m Frank-
fort-on-the-Main to these parties in New York ;and
it is established by the evidence that these parties
in New Yoik never received them. And this is
confirmed by the Register of the Treasury, inas-
much as the certificates with the coupons have
never been presented for payment of the interest,
as provided by the act of March, 1848.
Mr. MAYNARD. In other words the only evi-
dence of the loss is the testimony of the parties
who make the application; which is no evidence
at all.
Mr. FENTONdemanded the previousquestion.
The previous question was seconded, and the'
main question oniuicd to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the^
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] is entitled to the floor upon the
special order.
SOLDIERS' CEMETERY.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman give way
a moment? I want to introduce a paper and have
it printed, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will this time,
and then I must insist upon the regular order.
Mr. DAWES. A few days since 1 introduced
a resolution calling upon the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to inquire whether any resolution was
necessary to secure a decent burial for the dead
soldiers at the hospital in Alexandria. The cir-
cumstances which induced me to introduce it were
such as must be most revolting to every gentle-
man in this House.
The SPEAKER. The Cliair would state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that there is no
question before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I am about to introduce a paper
touching the matter. I understand that I have the
unanimous consent of the House to make a state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asked unani-
mous consent to introduce a paper.
Mr. DAWES. If the Speaker objects, I will
ask the unanimous consent of the House to pre-
sent this paper, and have it printed.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
its reception. Is there any objection? The Chair
hears none.
The paper was introduced.
Mr. DAWES. It is a matter which pertains to
the Military Committee entirely, and to the sub-
ject-matter which I was about to bring before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
there must be some proposition before the House
upon which to speak.
Mr. DAWES. If any member objects, I ask
permission of the House. I did not understand
that any one objected.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to ask leave of the House before the gentleman is
allowed to proceed.
Mr. DAWES. Then let the paper be read. I
have no desire to make a speech.
The communication was read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts asks leave to introduce this paper, have
it referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and have it printed.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I do not object to
the introduction and reference of this paper; but
I do not think it contains any matters of fact which
render it desirable that it should be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I have no feeling about the mat-
ter. I think if my friend would go down to Alex-
andria and see the manner in which the soldiers
are buried there, in the potter's field, among con-
victs and negroes, he would not object to some
action being taken by this House.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
UTAH.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield a moment to allow me to introduce
two resolutions, merely for the purpose of refer-
ence. .
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My good nature
is overcome once more, and I yield.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolutions; which were
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be re-
queued to inquire into the expediency ot making appro-
priations to delVaythc expense of ti canes with the Indians
in Utah, with a view to the purchase of their land* ill that
Temtoiy; and that such committee repoit by bill or other-
wise. ^
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into tin- expediency of constructing a
