1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Now, sir, if the gentleman from Missouri will
excuse me a moment further, I have a single other
point which I desire to present. The seventh
section of this bill, as it passed the Senate, is in
these words:
Sec. 7. And he it further cnacted, That the provisions of
this> act shall continue and be in foice during the existence
of the present rebellion and no longer.
That provision, placed in the-biJl by the Senate,
has been stricken out by the amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs. If the bill should
pass, therefore, in the shape recommended by the
Committee on Military Affairs, it will be seen that
this proposed increase of the medical corps of the
Army will be a permanent one, to be continued
after our volunteer force or organization shall have
been entirely disbanded.
Mr. Speaker, if it be necessary to make this
large increase ofour medical corps,it is only be-
cause of the pressure upon the medical department
of the Army, growing out of the large volunteer
force in the field, and there can, therefore, be no
propriety in making the proposed increased force
a permanent one. I should like, therefore, the per-
mission of the gentleman who has charge of the
bill, when the House shall have reached that point
in the consideration of the bill, to move to rein-
state the seventh section as it passed the Senate.
. Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In response to what
has been advanced by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania—most of which was stated by him when
the bill was last under consideration—I have to
remind him and the House that this increase of
medical staff is as much for the benefit of the vol-
unteer as the regular Army. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania seems entirely to misapprehend the
whole organization of these staff corps. His state-
ment in reference to it shows that he totally mis-
apprehends the objects and intcntiuns of these
organizations. Why, sir, there is no such thing
in the regular Army as regimental surgeons, or
assistant regimental surgeons, or btigade sur-
geons. These men are not confined in their duties
to any particular regiments or brigades, but their
services apply to the whole Army, and to the vol-
unteer as well as the regular Army.
Mr. McPHERSON. Practically, however, I
apprehend, the gentleman's statement does not
hold good.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; practically
and every other way.
Mr. McPHERSON. Can the gentleman inform
the House what portion of the medical corps of
the regular Army has been assigned to any special
duty concerning the volunteer forces?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir. There is
not a military hospital, I presume, in the United
States that is not presided over by an Army sur-
geon.
Mr. McPHERSON. There aie certainly hos-
pitals in this city which are not under the care of
surgeons of the regular Army, as I am informed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
probably better informed than I am in reference ;
to these particular hospitals. I presume, how-
ever, thatthey are under the supervision of Army :
surgeons,although thephysiciansmay notgo per- :
sonally to the hospitals. I know such is the case :
in St. Louis and in the country generally. The
regimental surgeons of the volunteer army could
not be dctachcd from their regiments to take
charge of hospitals. Nor could brigade surgeons
be detailed for that service. The object of the med-
ical staff of the Army is to provide surgeons who
may b^ detailed for this purpose, and forany pur-
pose of the Army, volunteer and regular alike. I
say, therefore, that the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia totally misapprehends tins entire organization.
Mr. McPHERSON. I do not object to the pro-
posed increase of the medical corps. I will vote
for that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman will
vote for this increase, and yet he piescnts to the
House an elaborate argument to show that there
is no increase of the force of the regular Aimy at
all commensurate with the proposed increase of
the medical staff.
I do not know whether these Army surgeons
have been detailed for service or not. 1 know that
they ought to have been so detailed. Regimental
and brigade surgeons cannot be dispensed with in
order to attend to hospital duty*, and, sir, I say
that if surgeons have not been detailed for hospi-
tal duty, then there ought to be some change, and
some one put in power who will discharge that
obligation.
In my judgment there is an absolute necessity
for this increase of the medical corps, as well as
for the reorganization reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs. I think this bill ought to
pass at once, and I think that it will.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania said in one
part of his speech that if this bill were necessary
in order for proper attendance to the wants of the
army in the field, if it were necessary to provide
for their necessities, then that he would favor it;
but that it does no such thing—that it does not
attempt to it. I allege, on the contrary, that that
is almost the entire excellence of the bill, if it has
any at all. We have provided for the appoint-
ment of a Medical Inspector General, who shall
have, <c undei the direction of the Surgeon Gen-
eral, the supervision of all that relates to the sani-
tary condition of the Army, whether in transports,
quarters, or camps, and of the hygiene, police,
discipline, and efficiency of field and general hos-
pitals, under such regulations as may hereafter be
established.99 The care of the troops in the field,
their health and comfort, is the very thing of all
others that we desired to have insured. We
wanted to have some one in authority to order,
when necessary, medical stores and instruments
into the field for the sick and wounded there, as
well as for those in the depot hospitals. We have
attempted to supply the deficiency which exists
in the present organization of the army medical
corps. We have done the best that we could,
and we have reported our plan for the action of
this House. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
can suggest any better plan, and will move it as
an amendment, I will give it my hearty support.
But we have sought to do that which the gentle-
man has said wo have not sought to do.
Mr. McPHERSON. No, sir; not that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Then you said that
we failed to accomplish that purpose.
Mr. McPHERSON. I referred to States which
had supplied two surgeons and two assistant sur-
geons to each regiment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. How would that
tend to change the matter? You would have sur-
geons enough in the field, but what about trans-
ports and the furnishing of medical stores? We
want some one in authouty to issue the necessary
orders to supply medical stores everywhere they
may be desired, and for that purpose we want a
Medical Inspector General. He will give his per-
sonal attendance to sending medical supplies to
the Army in transports, in temporary hospitals,
and upon the march. Brigade and regimental sur-
geons take the medicines given to them, and they
dispense them, but they have no authority to carry
into the field ail of the proper medical supplies for
the safety and security of our soldiers. This In-
spector General is absolutely neccssary.
The gentleman makes another argument against
this bill. He stated that in December last there
were only six thousand men in the new regiments.
That may have been true then, but it has long
since ceased to be true. I understand that there
are now ten thousand men in those new regiments,
or a number cquaLto our entire regular Army pre-
vious to this war.
Mr. McPHERSON". Only one half.
Mr. BLAIR., ofMissoun. Only one half nom-
inally, but equal to it in reality. Now, does the
gentleman expect that we will have an army of
less than forty thousand or fifty thousand men for
years to come? Does the gentleman suppose, if
this war were ended to-morrow, we could, for a
great many years to come, do without an army
of at least fifty thousand? There will not m tins
generation be a time when we will not need the
officers provided for in this bill. If the gentlemftn
really does suppose that when this war is ended
we can get along with less than fifty thousand
men, then he is most sadly deluded. I think that
the secnuty of the country requires the increase
of the Army that we have made. This war will
induce the people to take a guarantee that a like
trouble shall not occur in their day. We can,
therefore, safely calculate, notwithstanding the
piedictions of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
that every man provided for in this increase of
the medical corps of the Ai my will be wanted
during the continuance of this war and for long
years afterwards.
Now, in regard to making the medical director
of the Army,a brigadier, general, I would.be glad
if the House would agree with" the Comttfitfee'on
MilitaryAffairson that subject, but J do nofma,Tce
any point on it. Nor does the committee. We
thought it proper that we.should h&Ve SuoJ^an
officer, and that from his position atfd responsi-
bility he should have the rank of briggtifi&£ gen-
eral. Such an officer in the French servfe% &
major general. While this officer in all other coun-
tries holds the highest rank, why should we dis-
criminate against it in our Army? We have found
it necessary to appoint a brigadier general for the
corps of engineers, another for the quartermaster's
department, and another for the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department. Neither of these departments
is of any greater importance than the medical der
partment. I cannot, therefore, conceive why we
should pursue the niggardly policy of refusing the
rank of brigadier general to the director of the
medical department. It is a niggardly policy, I
contend, to devolve upon the director such heavy
responsibilities and then to refuse him the rank
of a brigadier general. Nor will the increase of
rank be any great increase of pay. If an officer
serves for forty years, and is a colonel, his ser-
vice rations will make his pay amount to nearly
that of a brigadier genera,!. When an officer is
made a brigadier general service rations cease.
So, then, it will be seen that the pay of this di-
rector as a brigadier general would not be much
more than it is now.
I hope that the vote will now be taken, and that
this bill will be passed.
Mr. DUNN. I hope this bill will be passed
promptly. There comes up to us a cry of distress
from our camps and hospitals throughout our
whole Army. Scarcely anywhere are our sick and
wounded receiving proper attention. It is distress-
ing to read the accounts of their sufferings that
reach us through every channel. Our medical de-
partment has not sufficient force to attend prop-
erly to the vastly increased duties of that depart-
ment. I will vote for any bill calculated to give
relief to our gallant soldiers who have so nobly
endured and suffered for their country. We need
medical inspectors to inspect the sanitary condi-
tion of transports, quarters, and camps, and es-
pecially to inspect the field and general hospitals.
Our soldiers have suffered incalculably from the
incompetency, neglect, and, I am sorry to say, in
some instances, the gross intemperance of some
of the surgeons. I am glad to be able to say that
I believe the great majority of our surgeons in" the
regular and volunteer forces are gentlemen of high
character and qualifications, and faithful in the
performance of their duties; but all are not so. I
hope this bill, if adopted, will enable us to reach
and expel the disqualified, unfaithful, and intem-
perate.
The question was taken on Mr. McPherson's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I move
to strike out the word " regular;" so that the ap-
pointments may be made as well from the volun-
teer as from the regular service. The gentleman
from Missouri said that this bill is as much for
the benefit of the volunteers as for the benefit of
the regulars. If that be so, then my amendment
is a proper one. 1 do not see any good reason
why the selection should be from the regular ser-
vice alone. I think in our legislation we should
make no discrimination againstany portionof our
Army.
The regulars constitute but a small portion of
the army now in the field, and they should not
enjoy the exclusive privilege of receiving the ap-
pointments provided for in this bill. The many
victories which our armies have won lately, have
been achieved in a great measure by the volun-
teers; and they should, in my judgment, be placed
j upon an equal footing with the regulars. The
object of the bill, as I understand it, is to render
the medical department more efficient by effecting
a more thorough and complete organization, and
by obtaining the services of fit and competent
men, men well qualified to discharge the high and
responsible duties imposed upon them; and I im-
agine that surgeons can be found m the volunteer
service equally as well qualified to fill those ap-
pointments as can be obtained in the regular
Army. I agree with gentlemen that this is an
important bill, and that it should be passed; but
I am opposed to any discrimination, and hope the
amendment will prevail.
