1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
wagon road from Denver^ in the Territory of Colorado, to
Great SaJi Lake City, in the Territory of Utah} and that
such committee report by bill or otherwise.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM VIRGINIA,
Mr. WORCESTER. I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to make a report in the
matter of the right of Charles H. Upton to a seat
upon this floor as a representative from the sev-
enth congressional district of Virginia.
The SPEAKER* The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WORCESTER. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will yield a moment for this purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will be through
myself in a moment.
V^AR CLAIMS BY STATES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 228.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle and adjust the claims and accounts of
the several loyal States against the United-States
for advances made and liabilities incurred for en-
rolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying, arming,
equipping, paying, and transporting their troops
employed in aiding to suppress the present rebel-
lion, to be settled upon proper vouchers, to be filed
with the proper accounting officer of the Treasury;
pro vide J, however, the certificate of the Governor,
secretary, auditor, and treasurer of such State, un-
der the seal thereof, shall be deemed and taken as
sufficient evidence of the advance and payment or
liability incurred for the purposes aforesaid, and
of the kind and quality, and the propriety and ne-
cessity of the supplies furnished; and that the
amountso ascertained to be due each State be paid
to the Governor thereof, or his duly authorized
agent, out of any moneys or funds appropriated
for that purpose; and provided, further, that the
Treasury Department may take such further evi-
dence in the premises as the Department may deem
proper.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. At the request of
several members of the House, this bill was post-
poned until to-day. The bill has been printed,and
I presume thatgentlemen have considered the sub-
ject. I do not desire myself to discuss it further,
havinggiven my views at the time it was presented
to the House; and I therefore move the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope my colleague
will notpressthepreviousquestion. I have looked
into this matter carefully, and though I have a
great desire to go for the bill to gratify my col-
league, I am satisfied that it is wrong, and must
then-fore oppose it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will hear the
gentleman; but I shall retain the floor for the pur-
pose of moving the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have examined this
bill with a great deal of care, and with a desire to
come to the conclusion that I ought to support it;
but I have unwillingly determined that it would be
wrong for me to vote for it. In some of the States
they pay sixty cents per ration per day. The
Government will be bound under this bill to pay
that amount. In our own State they have con-
tracted debt for property not yet delivered to an
a loum little less than a million of dollars, and for
which property they have no use. I want these
men in our State, and everywhere else, brought to
public judgment.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of illustra-
ting the operation of this bill, not only with refer-
ence to the State of Illinois, but many other States
of the Union, I desire to have read a paragraph
from a paper of the first character in the North-
west.
The Clerk read, as follov/s:
" Ji Scandalous Case of Fraud.
li Gigantic as the official fiaud and corruption in the con-
duct oFthe vvai have been.we yi-tfear that the half has not
been told; and we fear that nowhere has there been fraud
and conuptioii more shameful than m the admini^tiation of
this State.
"In tins latter connection, certain facts have come to us
involving Governoi ^<ttes and Canal Trus'ee Cassell di-
rectly, and tlie State quartermastergeneidi to some extent
certainly, which facts we deem it our duly to wake public
in advance of official investigation ; fiist, because the dis-
closure will stimulate official investigation; and second,
because it is due to the people of Illinois that disclosure
should be made at the earliest possible moment.
" Cassell is the appointee of Governor Yates, in place of
one Kay, an editor, we are informed, of a Republican paper
in some part of the State, who formerly enjoyed tlie sine-
cure. The salary is $2,500, which, considering that the
place is a sinecure, should, it might naturally be believed,
insure the observance of common integrity in the officer.
; Certainly the Senate last winter, in confirming the ap-
pointment, indulged this belief.
"The facts of which we have made mention are as fol-
lows : the Governor, canal trustee, and quartermaster gen-
eral proceeded to Washington about one month ago, pro-
fessedly on the military business of the State. -Thence the
canal trustee and quarteimaster repaired to Philadelphia,
where they entered the clothing market in quest of mili-
tary supplies. Before any purchases were made, however—
at luast such appears to be the case—the quartermaster re-
turned to Springfield, leaving with Cassell a carte blanche to
make the purchases. Cassell did make purchases, amount-
ing in the aggregate to more than seven hundred thousand
dollars, for which the faith of the State was pledged. All
this, let it be remembered, was after the 16th of December,
at which date the War Department at Washington notified
the State of its readiness to supply the Illinois troops in the
field, and requested the latter to desist from incurring fur-
ther expense on that account.
" CasseU returned to Washington, where Governor Yates
yet remained, and reported to him the facts of his negotia-
tions. The Governor at once visited Quartermaster Gen-
eral Meigs, and sought to induce him to assume Cassell's
contract on behalf of the United States. General Meigs at
first refused to have anything to do with the transaction,
but finally so far yielded to the Governor's importunities as
to engage to take the goods off the hands of the State at the
snmc puces> which the War Dcpaitment was paying for the
like articles, leaving the difference to be paid by the State.
The difference amounted to $130,000!"—Chicago Times.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will allow me
to make one single remark. I submit that under
this bill that §130,000, thus lost to the State of
Illinois by this operation, if these facts are true,
would come out of the Treasury of the United
States; and I could mention a hundred other in-
stances of the same kind.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The correct doctrine
upon this subject is, that the War Department alone
shall fix the price for each and every article fur-
nished by the State for the use of the troops, so
that exact justice may be meted out to all. If, in
any State too much has been paid for any article,
either through negligencc or fraud, then the burden
should fall not upon the country at large, but upon
the people who have intrusted their matters to
reckless or corrupt agents. I fear that in the State
of Illinois the entire tribe of State officials have
engaged in plundering the public Treasury.
The constitutional convention now in session at
Springfield, in thatState,have revealed the fact that
the State officers there have expended $2,500,000
more in equipping the troops than the Legislature
of the State appropriated or authorized to be ex-
pended for tins purpose.'
The committee to investigate Government con-
tracts have made no comment upon the fact that
John Woods, the quartermaster general of Illinois,
is himself the contractor for furnishing hay and
beef to the United States, amounting in the aggre-
gate to hundreds of thousands of dollars. They
dilate at length upon the comparatively petty theft
of five or six hundred dollars in some cases; but
this one seems to have appalled investigation by
its magnitude. While in the city of St. Louis,
Gtuartei master McICinstry could have purchased
hay at twelve dollars per ton, or perhaps less, he
buys it of this John Woods, quartermaster gen-
eral of Illinois, in almost fabulous quantities, and
pays for it eighteen dollars per ton. And this is
called, in these days, honesty.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I read the act passed at the
last session of Congress. God knows that it is
broad enough—that it covers ground enough. We
have opened the doors to all the thieves on the
earth to plunder this Government. I did nothelp
to do it all; but I presume I did my part of the
wrong. On the 27th of July wc passed this act:
a That the Secretary of the Treasury b*. and he is hereby,
directed, out of anv money m the Treasury not otherwise
appiopi mted, to pay to the Governor of any State, or to his
duly authonzed agent>, the costs, chaiges, and expenses
propeily meuried by such State for emolling, subsisting,
clothing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and tians-
porting its troops employed in aiding to suppress the pres-
ent insurrection against the United States, to be settled
upon proper vouchers, to be filed and passed upon by the
pioper accounting ufficeis of the Tieasury."
Is not that broad enough, Mr. Speaker? Do
you want to hold out any more inducements to
plunder the Treasury than you have already held
out? Why, sir, they can plunder the Tieasury
at every point in it, and they are plundering it
to-day.
Now, sir, seventeen cents a day is enough to
support a man in the field in our part of the coun-
try; while the Governor of Ohio, or some other
officer in that State—probably I am mistaken in
saying the Governor—has paid sixty cents a day
for the subsistence of troops. In New York and
Connecticut, I understand, they pay thirty $ents,ti
day. In the Mexican war twenty-two centsa&fcjr
was the cost entire for a ration per man; and tj^ai
is the highest price that was ever paid in our whole
history. What monstrous frauds have been per-
petrated upon this Government! Here was sixty
cents per ration paid in one State, and thirty cents
in another. If you let it out at private contract,
fourteen cents a day is all that it costs you to sup-
port your men in the State of Illinois; and seven-
teen cents is enough anywhere on this continent.
Sir, I would bring all these men to public trial.
I have expressed heretofore, and I express now,
the opinion that we are in more danger from the<|e
thieves than we are from the rebels. They are
plundering the Treasury at every point.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say another thing-.
The whole expenses of this Army ought to be
$410,000,000 a year. Five hundred dollars ought
to support each infantry soldier—pay, transporta-
tion, arms, clothing, and subsistence, with the pay
of all officers, chaplains included—and they, I
think, are the most useless thing they have got in
the Army. [Laughter.] You have five hundr^l
thousand infantry soldiers, and $250,000,000 ppr
annum ought to pay their expenses. You have
eighty-three thousand cavalry—$1,000 per man
ought to pay their expenses, and that includes a
remount. I do not think they ought to be re-
mounted myself. I would unhorse about half of
them. Twelve hundred dollars per man would pay
for your artillery. Thatincludesarms,ammuni-
tion, officers, and everything in the world. I have
talked about cavalry and infantry, and have said
nothing very kind about either, but I want to say
a kind word about the artillery. This war has to
be fought with artillery—that is the great^rm—
and infantry; and when I talk about infantry, I
want to give my judgment about it. You hear a
great deal of talk about their wanting this arm an4
that arm and the other arm. I think that is all
waste of ammunition myself. I think you ought
to teach them to fight with the bayonet. Unless
you bring your troops up to fight with the bayo-
net you cannot fight with them at all. They tell
me that it would take twelve years. I know bet-
ter than that.
Now, this war has to be fought by pluck, by
courage. We must not underestimate our oppo-
nents. When a man puts on his uniform he puts
it on to be worn until death, if necessary; and if
he falls, why it is his share of the battle. We
must impress the idea upon our people that we
have got to fight this war by pluck; that we have
got to maintain this Government by pluck, by
courage, by energy, and by a disposition to lay
down our lives; and until you can impress this
idea upon your generals and upon your officers
and men, it is impossible that you can win any
victories.
Now, I want to say another thing. I do not
demagogue very much. Iam not for low salaries.
I do not run in that line at all. I am very sorry to
say that, in this respect, I stand almost alone. I
started out in early life for high salaries. I would
not even reduce the salaries of members of Con-
gress. But 1 will tell you what you have gqt to
do: you have got to reduce the pay of the oncers
of your Army. There are too many men in the
Army fighting for mere pay. I would make th$m
fight for something else. What you have got to
do, do quickly. You will have'to court-martial
mercenary men, from Fremont down. But aside
from charges of corruption, Fr€mont ought to be
court-martialed because he did not sustain Lyon.
It was the greatest military blunder ever made in
this or any other country. I do not talk about
Mulligan, becausc there may be some excuse for
Fiemont in that case. But I tell you, and I tell
you candidly, that you have got to bring such men
to court-martial.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Permit me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If my colleague per-
mits me to make one more remark, I will quit.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suppose the gen-
tleman is talking about this bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am just coming to it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is utterly im-
possible for us on this side of the House to hear
the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want only to say one
other thing. ■ ^
Mr. Speaker, we have talked a great deal about
