1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL"-GLOBE.
m
31te Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. McDougaM.
Senate.
nia; but it applies equally to congressional legis-
lution:
"Any law or relation which inteirupts, limits, delays, or
postpones the rights of the owner to the immediate com-
mand of ins service orlabor, opciates, fro tonlo, a dischaige
of the slave theretiom. The question can never be how
much lie is discharged from; hut whether he is dischaiged
from any service by the natural and necessary opoiuuon of
the State laws or State icgulations. The question is not
one of quantity and degicc, hut ot withholding or control-
ling the incidents of a positive right."
"A positive right." By the terms of the Con-
stitution, which cannot be qualified or limited by
the legislation of Congress any more than by legis-
lation on the part of the State of Pennsylvania,
u The owner of a fugitive slave has the same light to him
in a State to which he has escaped or fled that ho had in
the State from which lie escaped; aud it is well known that
this right to seizuie or recapture is univeisaJly acknowl-
edged m ali the slaveholding States."
Whether this provision of the Federal Consti-
tution be a wise or an unwise one is not for us to
determine. As long as we pretend to act, as long
as we sit here sworn to act obedient to the terms
of the Constitution, we should render it a prompt
and willing obedience, particularly at this time,
when we claim, with arms in our hands, with
large armies in the field, to undertake the estab-
hshmentof the Constitution throughout the Union
as against parties who chum, as against us, that
we have been guilty of its violation.
But, Mr. President, there is a pledge on the
part of this Government as it stands now, with its
present chief, with its present organization, as far
as the Government can pledge itself by overt act
and word, that these rights secured by the Consti-
tution shall be maintained in all their integrity.
The President, in his inaugural address, with the
storm of war threatening him, impressed with all
the responsibilities of a great nation disturbed by
intestine wai—a war in which this very question
was deeply involved—said:
" I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institutionot thiveiy m the States wheic it exists.
I believe i have nolawlul light to do so, and 1 have no in-
clination to do so."
Here is a pledge of opinion as to his constitu-
tional, lawful right to interfere either directly or
indirectly. I believe this language meets this ques-
tion. Not directly, but indirectly, this bill makes
war upon the institution within the States where
it exists. The President proceeds to remark:
"There is much eontiover&y about the deliveiing up of
fugitive* fiom service oi laboi. The clause 1 now load is
as plainly written in the Constitution as any other of its
provisions. i No person held to sei vice oi labor in one State,
under the laws theteof, escaping info another, shall, in eon-
sequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
from such service or labor, hut shall be dehveied up on
claim of the paity to whom such service or labor may be
due.' It is scarcely questionable that this provision was
intended by tlio<e who made u lor the jeclaimingofwhat
we call fugitive slaves ; and the intention of the lawgiver
is the law. AH members of Congress wear their suppoif
to the whole Constitution, to this provision as much as any
other. To the piopositmn, then, that slaves whose ea*es
come within the terms of this clause shall be deliveied up,
their oaths nie unanimous."
It is true, the whole body of the Senate and the
House ofUepresentati ves have sworn to the faith-
ful execution of this clause of the Constitution.
And further, Mr. President, on the 22d of Apnl
last, Mr. Seward discussed this subject in his cor-
respondence with Mr. Dayton; and here is the
avowal of our policy to our representatives abroad
through the State Department, and X suppose it
may without injustice be considered the avowal of
our policy here:
'•The Territories will remain in all respects the same,
whether the icvolution sdiall succeed or shall fail. The
condition of rduverv m the *evetal States will remain just
the same whvthei it succeed or fail. Theie is not even a
piete.vtfoi the complaint tint the disaffected States are to
be eo'nnueifd by tlv United State* if the revolution fail;
fot the ri-'hu of the States and thecondition of eveiylmman
be-in* i-uiiern will remain subject to exactly the same laws
and forms ot ndmmtitraUou whethei the icvolution shall
succeed or fail- la the one case the state* would be fed-
erally connected with the new confedeiaoy ; in the othei,
they'would, as now, he members of the bin ted Mates; but
their constitutions* and law, customs, habits2, and institu-
tions in either case will icroam the Mine.
kk it is haidly necessaiy to add to tiu-- incontestable state-
ment the fuither foct that the new President, a-? well as the
citizens thiough who?>e suffrages lie has come into the nd-
mmi*ttation, has always repudiated all designs whatever,
and whenever imputed to Sum and them of disturbing the
system of slavny as it is existing under the Constitution
and laws. The case, however, would not be fully pie-
sen ted if i wete to omit to say that any such effort oh his
part would be unconstitutional; and ali his actions in that
direction would be prevented by the judicial authority, even
though they were assented to by Congress and thepeople."
To these declarations, made by the head of the
Government and the person next to him in office
in the executive department of the Government,
I will add the expression of opinion by Congress
on a resolution offered in the House of Represent-
atives by the Senator fiom Ohio, now occupying
the chair, [Mr. Sherman:] a resolution passed as
late as February 11,1861, passed, 1 believe, with
perfect unanimity, persons of both parties concur-
ring in the declaration made by the resolution:
*£ Resolved, That neither the Congress of the United
States not the people oi governments of the non-slavehold-
ing Slates have the constitutional right to legislate upon or
intertero with slavery in any of the slaveholding States in
the Union.1'
Now, if we have no right to interfere with sla-
very under the Constitution, have we any right
above and beyond the Constitution? We have
heard much of the necessary law of war, and that
this is a war measure. True, there are war ne-
cessities—necessities that arise in the midst of war
between armed men arrayed against each other.
These necessities, at the demand of the moment,
must, more or less, control military conduct; con-
ditions of necessity controlling movements in the
field justify no plea for the violation of funda-
mental law by the body charged with the estab-
lishing of law. We have no such imminent oc-
casion imposing such necessity. There is neither
necessity or policy in this legislation, even if we
had the power to declare and make necessities by
legislation instead of by the accidents of arms.
As I have had occasion to say before in this dis-
course, instead of a proceeding of this kind
strengthening the arms of the Union, it would par-
alyze the aims of thousands of men now main-
taining the cause of the Union m the held, and
would make the men who oppose us, now doubt-
ful of the justice of their cause, firm in the con-
viction that it was their duty to resist to the death.
I understand Senators all admit their obligation
to yield to the terms of the Constitution. Now,
I do not want expositions on this subject. The
Constitution executes itself. It has been repeatedly
said by our courts, and well said, that it requiies
no legislation. It has been convenient to legislate
to furnish a quo modo for the presentation of the
claim of light; but the Constitution gives the
absolute right, a right not to be qualified as to any
one moment of time; for the right of seizure is
absolute, the eourtsay in Prigg vs. Pennsylvania,
as absolute in Pennsylvania as in Louisiana, the
right being a perfect one.
I have another objection, Mr. President, to this
bill, independent of its being, in my judgment,
clearly obnoxious to constitutional objection. It
strikes me that the scheme of colonization incor-
porated into this bill is a perfectly wild, a perfectly
visionary one. It seems to me that it is an attempt
on the part of Congress, bylaw, to usurp the ways
of Providence, to produce a result not within the
grasp of this collective people, or within the grasp
of the power of this Government. What doe«* it
contemplate r The bill itself, although it does not
avow it4 aims at general emancipation to follow
our arms. Pour millions of people are said to be
of the class who should be colonized. Itis known
now that the necessities of this war have imposed
on us burdens quite as much as we can well bear.
These burdens will increase—buidens winch we
shall not bo able to meet, but which we must leave
as a legacy to our children. Suppose we under-
take the enterprise of colonizing one million of
these people, and undertake it as an immediate
enterprise: what is to be the result? First, where
arc they to be sent? Into some tropical country.
What tropical country? South America or sopie
of the States of Central America.
In the fust place, then, we have to acquire for
them, because they cannot acquire for themselves,
a large territory to begin with. How is that ter-
ritory to be acquired? Except in few instances,
where there are large claims held by grants from
crowned heads, the property is divided and dis-
tributed up as it is in all other parts of what were
formerly the dominions of Spain in America.
We have to purchase titles, not merely from the
Government itself, but from a multitude of indi-
viduals, and we shall have the Government here
surrounded by a thousand men with great grants
on paper, asking large sums to sell out to us the
State of Nicaragua, or some other State in that
part of the world. What will that cost us before
we get through? But suppose we acquire the
country to which we are to send these parties, the
cost of transportation alone for one million of per-
sons would not be less than $75,000,000, particu-
larly when the Government undertakes the enter-
prise. Andafter you have spent thatsum,you have
sent out but one fourth of the population that is to
be colonized, and you have accomplished this at
an expense of $75,000,000—double the legitimate
annual revenue of the Government to-day. You
have expended that by borrowing money from
your own people or from abroad. Another year
comes round, and how many persons arc there of
the same class? Production alone, the natural
increase, would make them four million five hun-
dred thousand, and you have that number to op-
erate upon. If you spend §75,000,000 for this
purpose one year, can you do it the next* But
apart from that, you have not only to send these
persons to a tropical country; but they go there an
ignorant, an indolent people, without any means,
without clothing, without subsistence, except at
the hands of this Government. Laws must be
organized. The lands must be distributed, houses
and implements of agriculture must be provided;
all this must be superintended by theGovcrnment.
We havetoadministcrgovcrnmentforthem. We
have to furnish them with everything their condi-
tion and necessities may require. We constituted
ourselves their guardians. How long, think you,
will we have to stand guard and guardians for
them? Certainly cither until they go out into
absolute barbarism, or until wo have destroyed
all means of capacity on our part to lend them aid.
You propose to send them to South America, if
you please, to mingle with whom? Not merely
an ignorant, but a debased race of people, half
Indian arid half negro, men who live in the wil-
derness, who have no pursuits of labor, who live
upon the spontaneous fruits of the earth—a lazy,
vile, miserable race of demi-savages. In such a
country, 1 say you have either to abandon them
to absolute barbarism, or you have to maintain
them as a State by furnishing the money neces-
sary for that purpose, and continuing to furnish
it until the operation shall go beyond all possible
forbearance, and then the consequences will remain
the same.
But apart from that, we have not the means to
colonize these people; we have no policy of our
Government that justifies it, and I question our
constitutional power to do it. Where does the
power come to us to establish a government not
for ourselves or for our people, but for a people
whom we declare alien to us, and maintain that
government distant from the boundaries of the
Republic—where is the constitutional right? If
the Constitution of the United States bea grant of
power, that power is not granted; and if there could
be any departure from the spirit of the Constitu-
tion, this would be such a departure.
But consider the idea of colonizing four millions
of people, enough to make a powerful State, and
administering their affairs when colonized, for any
penod of years, for the least supposahle period.
The cost of this entire war, should it continue all
this year and next year, would not be an approx-
imation to the burden thus imposed on the coun-
try. The country could not bear it. It is a wild,
impracticable scheme, such as is not within the
power of this Government or of any other Gov-
ernment upon earth. It does well (nough to put
upon paper. It looks charitable perhaps to some.
If you want to do the negro race great wrong, treat
them worse than it is our custom to treat the savages
on the frontier when we want possession of their
lands; pass such a law; and if you can carry out
such a policy, perhaps you may hope that, like all
rude and barbarous people placed by themselves,
without the restraint of masters or the restraint of
true government—like the Indians in the country
which we possess—vice, disease, and crime will,
in a few years, break down the multitude to a
small people that can be left to take care of them-
selves. This certainly cannot be done in the name
of humanity. It is well understood, and well un-
derstood by every reasoning man, that there is no
solution of this question consistent with the lib-
eration of the whole slave population by any one
act of war or of law. It is one of those evils that
