1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I think there are
very palpable reasons why surgeons in theregu-
lar Army are better qualified for these particular
duties than any surgeon jn the volunteer corps.
jJJow, it is a very nice thing, as long as there is
this immense number of volunteer men in the
field, to talk up volunteers and volunteer surgeons.
But 1 tell you that this particular branch of the
Army is as much a profession as any part of it.
These men have been carefully educated to these
particular duties, and the volunteer surgeons have
not; and men who have just come into the service,
who have had no experience in the regular hos-
pitals, no experience in the transportation of the
sick, no experience in the various details and du-
ties of that department, I care not what their abil-
ity, cannot be as competent as men of equal
ability who have had such experience as many
of your regular Army surgeons have had; and if
you adopt this amendment, and these appoint-
ments should be taken from the volunteer force,
the substantial objects of this bill would be frus-
trated. The object is to increase the efficiency
of the medical corps of the Army. If you are
to have men to direct this machinery success-
fully, you must have men who understand the
business. I do not believe in men intuitively
understanding anything which has required the
experience and the study of so many yeais lo
systematize and perfect, and the details of which
are so complicated and extensive as arc the va-
rious arrangements of the medical department of
the Army. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will not be
adopted.
Mr. LEHMAN. I regret very much to hear
the sentiment which pervaded the close of the rc-
mmksof the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Steele.] 1 am in favor of the amendment which
has been proposed. I have no doubt it was pro-
posed in all sincerity by my colleague fiom Penn-
sylvania, and it is advocated with equal sincerity
by myself. I have no disposition to asperse the
qualifications or the loyalty of those who have
given their lives to service in this particular de-
partment—the medical department of the Army.
But gentlemen will admit that we have had no
army until lately. Our Army lias been consid-
ered as a trilling matter in the eyes of other na-
tions, and we have been ridiculed for the smail-
ness of oui efficient force. And I will ask the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Stkm.k,] when
he speaks of those connected with the medical de-
partment, when'  hoy got (heir exp  n<mce ? Was
it at some small stations upon the borders of our
country, whei e a company or two of regulars were
stationed, whore there was no hospital, and where
perhaps the laziest man connected with our Army
was the head of the medical department? Sir,
men rust out and wear out, and it requires con-
stant action to keep them up with the advances
of the age, and the medical department is no ex-
ception to that rule. When these men entered the
service of the department medical science was en-
tirely different from what it js at the present time.
Improvements are being made daily, and it is ne-
cessary that new books should be had, that new
discoveries should be examined, m order that effi-
ciency should be attained by those who practice
in that department.
An army has now been improvised, not of reg-
ulars, not of trained men, but persons have been
called out to support the Government fiom all
walks and avocations of life. Go into our Army,
and you will find men of all professions and of
every calling; you will find the lawyer there; the
man of study and science as well as the mechanic;
and you will find all classes—men unused to the
toils and exposures of a campaign—and they are
liable toall the diseases which result from a change
of life and climate.
It Is conceded on all sides that we want the most
efficient men. We do notwant men who walk in
the routine of rule. It is the curse of the system
that we adhere too closely to the regular routine,
this red tape, circumlocution system which has
pervaded our regular Army. Our hospitals are
fii'ed with the swk. and dying soldiers merely be-
cause routine and rank and seniority oveinde
what men of common sense and common discre-
tion know to be the remedy for these things. If
we are to have extended hospitals, and men who
are fit to take charge of them, we must have phy-
sicians who have spent their lives in the hospitals
of our large cities; men who know how to build
hospitals and how to ventilate them; men who
know how to construct the cooking department,
and to furnish to the soldiers the most improved
couches for their tortured and suffering frames to
repose upon. Therefore I think, if we are going
to make a change in the department, we should
give to the enlightened and patiiotic man who
stands at the heacl of this Government, who is to
make the selection of these men, the widest range
of selection. For my own part, without desiring
or intending to asperse the character or ability of
any man in the regular Army, I must unhesita-
tingly say that the best men to take charge of the
medical department of the Army, and the best
assistance, can be obtained from the ordinary corps
of civilians of the medical profession, far better
than can be obtained from the few men who con-
stitute the medical department of the regular
Army.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have but a few words to
say. I had prepared an amendment similar in
character to the one submitted by the gentleman
upon my left, [Mr. Wallace, of Pennsylvania.]
We ought to pass that amendment. I think it is
due to that large class of surgeons, many of them
eminent, and all of them, I have no doubt, worthy
to be selected to fill these positions, that the broad-
est field should be open for selection in the estab-
lishment of this new corps. I have yet to learn
that these surgeons who have been in the small
regular Army, with all the experience they have
had, and however well qualified they may be, are
better qualified than the large number—1 will not
say all—of those who have been selected now from
civil life, and who have had experience and prac-
tice, day after day, in all classes of diseases, and
many of them in the most difficult practice of sur-
gery.
Then again, and only a word more—for I do
not wish to take up the time of the House at this
stage of its proceedings—what are we doing? We
are not prescribing that these officers shall betaken
from the volunteers, if we adoptthis amendment.
We are only saying that we willgivethis broader
discretion to the President of the United States in
the selection of these officers, and that he may
take them where he can find those most suitable
and best qualified. Are we afraid to do this ? What
reason can be offered why we should not do this?
Is it unjust to I he medical corps of the A i my ? No,
sir. Let them have all the honors and all the offices
that belong to the regular Army; but U is not neces-
sary, when we have five hundred thousand more
men in the field, that they should have the offices
and the higher offices which are intended for the
volunteer corps. Sir, it is to me no answeragainst
giving this broadest selection—on the contrary, it
is an argument in favor of it, as was said by the
gentlemen of the Military Committee—that they
are to do work for the volunteers, as well as for
the regular Army. If that is so, sir, let them be
selected, if the President can find suitable per-
sons, from this corps; for I trust that when this
rebellion shall be closed, there will be a general
reorganization of the Army, that it will be reduced
to its proper proportions, and then that those will
be retained in the service, from wheresoever they
may come, who will best serve the country after-
wards m these capacities, i can see no objection
to the adoption of the amendment, and I cannot
understand how any gentleman can objcct to it
for any reason that can be assigned.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Wallace,
of Pennsylvania, was agreed to.
The substitute reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs, as amended, was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to amend the
title of the bill by substituting therefor the follow-
ing: "An act to organize and increase the effi-
ciency of the medical corps of the" Army."
The amendment was agreed to.
CONTUMACIOUS "WITNESS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
Aaron Higgins, who is in contempt for disobey-
ing the subpena of the Speaker, is now present,
and 1 ask that he be called upon to answer for his
contempt.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, by S. J. Johnson, his
deputy, appeared.at the bar with Aaron Higgins
in custody, as commanded by the Speaker's war-
rant of the 2d instant.
The SPEAKER. Aaron Higgins, you are
brought to the bar of the House to answer a con-
tempt of its authority in not obeying its subpena
to testify before the select committee on Govern-
ment contracts. What excuse have you to render
for not obeying its summons ?
The witness submitted the following answer in
writing:
I had not heard of there being any committee on con-
tracts in Boston at the time of notice, ami 1 got the iiifoan-
ation fiom the officer that the committee had just met, and
the next day would do if I could not well go that day, and
as the day 'the officer notified mc 1 was very busy till after
"bank hours," and I then was told the committee would
not he in session after three, p. m., I thought it would be no
u*e going until next morning: and when I went at eight
o'clock next morning to where the committee met, I found
they had broken up the day I was notified.
A. G. HIGGINS.
• Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolution^
Whereas Aaron Higgins, now at the bar of the House in
contempt for disobeying the subpena of tin* Speaker, issued
atthe instance of the committee on Government conttacts,
has appealed befoiosaid committee, and answered under
oath all such intei rogatories as have been put to him by
their Older: Therefore,
RcsoUed, That the Scrgcant-at-Arms be dirc«ted to dis-
chaiee the said fliggin* from custody, upon payment by him
of the legal fees chaigeable upon the wariantupon which
he has been biought to the bar of the House.
Mr. DUNN. I move to strike out that part of
the resolution relating to costs.
Mr. DAWES. It is properthat I should repeat
to the House the statement that was made to the
committee by the officer who served the subpena.
The officer is not in town now, and all I can do is
to state to the House the report which he brought
back to the committee. The subpena was served
upon Mr. Higgins about one o'clock in the after-
noon, at one of the hotels in Boston. The officer
reported that he denied the authority of the com-
mittee to summon him, and said that he should
not appear. I cannot state whether the officer was
correct or riot. I only repeat his statement. It
was upon this return of the officer that the com-
mittee felt bound to ask the House to issue an
attachment against him.
Mr. Higgins has stated to me since his arrival
here that the officer misunderstood him, that he
was very busy that day and could not conven-
iently attend before three o'clock in the afternoon,
that on his return to his own hotel at three o'clock
in the afternoon, some one, I do not know who,
told him he would not be likely to find the com-
mittee in session at their room at that hour—al-
though the committee were in session until ten
o'clock that evening—and he, therefore, did not
appear till next day, when the committee had left
the city. He has appeared now before the com-
mittee, as is stated in the resolution, and has an-
swered all their questions. If the statement of
the officer is correct, I do not see why the Gov-
ernment should be put to the expense of sending
for him. According to his own statement here,
his excuse is that it was very inconvenient for
him to attend that day, and he thought the next
day would do as well. Of course, i have no de-
sire myself that he should pay the costs. It is a
matter entirely within the discretion of the House
as to what they think ought to be done.
Mr. DUNN. I know nothing of the party at
the bar, and nothing of this case except what ap-
pears here. I could not hear the statement of the
gentleman from Massachusetts very distinctly,
but it seems to me there has been no willful dis-
obedience of the authority of the House. The
costs will be heavy, and it seems to me that to im-
pose them upon the witness would be too severe
a punishment for any contumacy which he has
manifested. I think it inconsistent withthuduty
and dignity of this House to impose a penalty
upon a citizen for not piomptly complying with
a subpena to appear forthwith before one*of its
committees, under the circumstances of this case.
Mr. DAWES, I believe it is not claimed by
the witness that anything was said to him by the
officer of the House, or by any member of the
