*8
AEPEOTHX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[March 11,
3Yth Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. WicMiffe.
Ho. of Reps.
exist in the country, not within the remedy of any
parchment signed by the President of the United
States with our consent. A wise and considerate
policy on the part of this Government and this
people, the policy inaugurated by the fathers of
the Republic, by Washington and Jefferson and
others, favoring a gradual emancipation, might
and would have had vast results in reducing the
eviljasfaras it is an evil,among us. Bat the war
made upon their movements, and the war made
upon the institution, aroused all the angry feeling
01 the South many years since; and those measures
of amelioration, which would have passed long
ago in the State of Kentucky, in the State of Vir-
ginia, in the State of Maryland, and in the State
of Tennessee, confining the true slave line to the
extreme South—those measures of amelioration
have been prevented by agitation ill the Senate
and in the House of Representatives, and in the
newspaper press throughout the country. All
we can hope for on the return of peace, is wiser
and calmer counsels in regard to these things, and
that gradually, by such appliances as inuy work
out their results in the course of many years, we
shall be treed from slavery as a burden.
Do not understand me, Mr. President, as being
in any sense in the remotest degree an advocate
for slavery in any form. I have never, since I
have had opinions, entertained the opinion that it
could exist to the advantage of any free State. 1
regard its influences as being worse upon the white
than upon theslavepopulation. I understand, too,
that wnen 1 present my opposition to this measure,
I come in contact with what is the popular opin-
ion and feeling of the people throughout tho free
States. That eannoi measure my conduct. I un-
derstand the business of a Senator lu re in the pas-
sage of laws to bo to inquire into what laws are
necessary and just, what laws presented are im-
politic or unjust, and to give his support to the
one, and his opposition to tho other. No notion
of popular opinion should or will control me.
I hold that one of the evils out of which the pres-
ent condition of things in this country has grown
is that the men who should be the leaders of opin-
ion iu the Republic, the men who, in various high
places to which they have been elevated by the.
consideration of the country, have the power and
stand charged with the duty of leading opinion,
inslead of leading, have to too great an extent al-
lowed themselves to he mere followers of tho un-
informed ami ignorant opinion existing among
their respective constituencies. With regard to
this condition of slavery and the necessities c(m.
neeted with il, is popular opinion informed? I
say it is nut. Then fore i will nut be guided by
mere popular opinion, but will rather give the rea-
sons Cot-the opinions I entertain, trusting that 1
may think justly and may be able to communicate
sound opinions to others.
Mr. President, I say that the passage of this
measure will make, for us desperate adversaries,
who will continue this war persistently until we
have yielded ourselves to their position, or until
they, as a people, shall be sacrificed. Legislation
is an easy thing; the passage of laws, the making
of written parchments with certain authentica-
tions, are easy things. It is saitl that " the path
downwaul into hell is an easy path,"
'• Hill to leturu and view tie' ehceit'u] ^kies,
Therein tlic toil and mighty laboi lie-, "
When by this legislation we shall have aroused
all that is fierce, all that is resistant in the South,
and thus invited a more desperate war than we
have yet witnessed; after we have done the wrong,
after we have committed the deed, there will ho
no possibility of efficient retraction. Our claim of
having pursueila justline of conduct in the main-
tenance of the Constitution will be ignored every-
where; our nets will be looked upon as violations
of the law of nations, and violations of the laws of
just war everywhere, and we cannot take these
things back. It is easy, I say, to place ourselves
in the position of having wronged these people in
the eye of nations, in the eye of the civilized world,
and in their eye. it will be a difficult thing for us
to redeem ourselves fiom that position.
Mr. President, it may lie thought by some that
the language of the Chief Magistrate and of the
Secretary of State and of tile Senator from Ohio
was all well and proper in those days when the
forces of the Government had not been marshaled,
when Washington itself was threatened by armed
foes; but that now that we have brought our six
hundred thousand men in the field, that we have
got an artillery alone sufficient and efficient for
the entire war, that we have exhibited our ascend-
ency on some well-fought fields, and now that
we have demonstrated our entire power over the
South, this mayjustify us at this time, in the day
of our triumph and in the day of their humiliation,
to impose upon them penalties, to apply to them
tortures, to make them feel our giant strength. Sir,
I have been taught that to the conqueror and the
triumphant belong, as the highest virtue, magna-
nimity; as in days of peace the highest virtue is
charity. We can now aft'ord to be magnanimous.
We have vindicated, in the eyes of the South as well
as of the nations, our power to compel a proper
subjection to the Constitution and the laws; and
now, having demonstrated this, and being in regu-
lar progress in the work, it is for us to show them,
by clear and distinct and well-affirmed acts, that
we come to them with the Constitution as it was—
with their rights as they were—saying to them:
" You misguided men, you men who have been
led away from the standard of our fathers, we
come to you saying, return; yield obedience to
these laws; live again in peace with us." Is not
this the manner in which we should approach the
people of the South, erring, wrong, rebellious as
they are? Christianity teaches us a rule about
this; but the same rule is taught by all the wise
thinkers and the good and true men of antiquity
and of the modern time.
Let us go forward, then, offering the Constitu-
tion as a common Constitution, the laws of the na-
tion as common laws. Blows for armed rebels, but
no chains for subjected citizens. With such a pol-
icy, Mr. President, we may hope to see the founda-
tions of our Republic, now shaken and disturbed,
settled upon a deeper and broaderbasis. Ibelieve
myself that this crisis has been demanded to es-
tablish our political institutions upon deeper and
moie enduringfoumlations,sufficient to sustain a
structure to continue through the ages.
Mr. President, I cannot permit myself to think
that unwise counsels will be permitted to prevent a
consummation so worthy of the prayers of all true
patriots. There is too much of calm and consider-
ate judgment here and elsewhere in the country,
to unnecessarily hazard the results of the present
war, and with it the great experiment of popu-
lar government. No matter how threatening may
seem the inen.suies proposed by Senators, 1 shall
tiustin the well-advised and conservative judg-
ment of the Senate. I shall maintain all my faith.
I shall look hopefully forward to a speedy peace
and a reestablished and fraternal Union, a Union
so strongly and deeply founded that we may all of
us feel justified in apostrophizing this great, fair,
and free land of ours:
And thou, my country, thou slialt never fall
Have Willi tliy children. Thy maternal caie,
Thy lavUh love, thy blessings -.hovvoicd on all,
These ni-e thy tetters. Seas and stormy air
Are the wide bariiers of thy boundnneSj where,
Amid thy gallant .Jmr- who pnunl thco well,
Thou hmgh'stat enemies, who shall then declare
The date of thy deep-founded strength, oi lell
How liuppy 111 thy lap the son  ot men shall dwell."
EMANCIPATION.
SPEECH OP HON. C. A. WICKLIFFE,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
March 11, 18G2,
On the loint resolution m relation to the abolition of slavery,
intioduced by Mi. ltoscos Conkling, of New Yoik.
Mr. WICKLIFFE said:^
Mr. Speaker: I was forcibly struck yesterday
by the remark of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. In speaking of this reso-
lution he said " it meant nothing at all." If he
meant what he said, his remark is important. If
the resolution " means nothing at all," I do not
think that Congress ought to trouble itself with
its consideration at this important time. If the
resolution has a meaning, I suppose that that gen-
tleman is fully conversant with it. If he is not, I
have no doubt thatthe mover of the resolution [Mr
Roscoe Conkling] will tell us what he means by
it. In the first place, I will ask that gentleman this
question—to be answered now or at his leisure—
is he-willing, is he prepared, will he pledge him-
self to his country and to his people to vote a tax
to carry out the proposition contained in his res-
olution ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether the
gentleman is addressing me or the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My remarks referred to
both, in part. I repeat what I said: that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania had made a remark
yesterday which meant a great deal or meant
nothing; he said that the resolution was of no ac-
count, and, therefore, he did not see why it should
be postponed. I further remark, that if the res-
olution meant anything he had not yet told us
what it was, and that if it meant nothing I did not
think he ought to vote for it.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield for a personal
explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman can an-
swer after I have done.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to answer at
all.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I give way to the gentle-
man.
Mr. STEVENS. I was only rising out of re-
spect to the gentleman from Kentucky. I do not
desire to explain.
Other gentlemen requested Mr. Wickliffe to
yield the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I gave way the other day
until I was deprived of the hour allotted to debate,
and as I want to say something in regard to this
resolution, and to find out from the other side of
the House what it means, I desire to do so with-
out interruption.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, there is the most
extraordinary haste on this floor manifested by
gentlemen on the other side to force a vote on the
subject before the House by the previous question,
denying debate or time for deliberation. There
has been a refusal, unusual and harsh, to permit
my venerable associate and colleague [Mr. Chit-
tenden] to make a single statement of fact in order
to induce the majority to postpone this resolution.
Tho message of the President of the United States
which, we are bound to presume, was by him hon-
estly intended to promote the public good, was
submitted some two or three days ago. It was
committed, at the instance of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I crossed
over the Hall with the intention of ascertaining
from that gentleman, he having thus taken charge
of the matter, when he intended to call it up. His
answer to me was, as I understood him, that when-
ever we—meaning the portion of the House inter-
ested m it—desired to call it up, let him know,
and he would do it. We were waiting; we were
deliberating; we were consulting upon the mighty
importance of the measure. We of Kentucky
desired delay because our Legislature is at this
time in session; we were anxious to hear from it.
I have no doubt that my collcagnesfelt on this sub-
ject perhaps as I felt, that we should be permitted
to hear fiom the Legislature of our State before
we expressed our opinion, lest that opinion might
be against the judgment of the State. This delay
has been refused. Yesterday morning, to the sur-
prise of nearly one half of the House, the resolu-
tion now under consideration, was offered by the
gentleman from New York coupled with the dec-
laration that he was under the pledge to call the
previous question. No debate, no interchange of
opinion was allowed. Since then we have been
engaged in asking a few hours' consideration for
those whose constituents must be regarded as hav-
ing a direct and immediate, yes, sir, a vital inter-
est in it. We are refused the ordinary courtesy
of legislative proceeding. A. How me to say, Mr.
Speaker, without meaning disrespect to any, that
I do not believe there are thirty men in the tlouse
who will vote this tax if the hour for it ever comes.
They do not intend to do it; the resolution itself
does not even promise to do so 
