f-r.rt
.1862;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567.
troops. He came to Washington, and instead of i
going into the clothing market ho went to the
Quartermaster General of the United Suites—he
went to General Meigs, and conferred with him
upon the subject of the purchase of clothing.
General Meigs gave him letters of recommenda-
tion to the quartermasters of the General Govern-
ment in the city of Philadelphia, and I think also
in New York, directing them to give him such
aid, such advice, and such facilities in buying
clothing as was in their power.
That, sir, is the truth in relation to this matter,
and that puts to the blush the statement that we
attempted to furnish our troops with clothing
against the wish of the General Government. He
went on, and did contract there, as has been stated,
for furnishing a large amount of clothing. He
did contract for good clothing by his agent, I be-
lieve, and the complaint has been made that he
agreed to pay too high a price for this clothing—
more than the Government was willing to pay.
In the mean time, before this clothing was received
—perhaps before the contract for this clothing had
been finally closed—the United States quarter-
master at Spiingfield, as I understand,advised the
State officers that he would furnish clollnng for
the Illinois troops. The Governor of Illinois, so
report says, so I am informed, replied that " we
propose to furnish clothing to our troops until we
see that the Government will supply them, and we
have clothed them well." The Governor insisted
upon compliance with the spirit of the terms of
the general order that I have referred to. And I
here assert that I am informed—and I have no
doubt it is true—that the Secretary of War, the
War Department, the Government of the United
States, never did indicate to the State of Illinois
or its officers that they desired to furnish the Il-
linois troops with clothing. It is true that a large
contract was made for clothing of the very best
quality that has gone into the western army. 1
am certain that my friend who sits before me, and
who knows very well the quality of clothing fur-
nished, will say that it was of the very best qual-
ity furnished to that department.
Mr. SHANKS. Among the best.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. lie says it was
among the best. Sir, we did not want to pay for
poor clothing. We wanted the very best clothing,
and were willing to pay for it a fair price. 1 am
glad my eye rested upon the gentleman, for he
has been connected with the military department
of the West, and knows that all the clothing fur-
nished by the State of IlhnT)is was of superior
quality.
Now, sir, that is all of this case. Let me reply
to one other renuuk of my colleague, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] thdtthe convention was uying to over-
haul the State officers, and bring their iniquity to
light. Sir, he does know—I think all of my col-
leagues know—that Governor Yates, when the
imputation was made upon him, courted investi-
gation. He courts it to-day; and to facilitate their
labors, our State officers have made their reports
to this convention; and if certain gentlemen in that
convention are engaged in smelling out some cause
of offense against those who have done the very
best they could, I care nothingfor it. But if my
friend or my neighbor has swindled this Govern-
ment out of a cent, I would send him from the
nation, or send him anywhere his enemies might
desire him to go.
Mr. OLIN. If the gentleman will permit roe,
I wish simply to inquire whether the gentleman
proposes to close debate upon this bill, and call
the previous question, and cut off all amendments,
after he has closed his speech.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have said that
I propose that a vote shall be taken upon all the ;
amendments that gentleman desire to propose to 1
this bill. I do not care much whether the bill
passes or not. If there is any good objection to it,
it ought to fall. I have no feeling about this matter,
and if gentlemen will pardon me, I will give them
all the opportunity I have in my power, without
losing my right to the floor. My time, however, |
will expire iu a few minutes. I was saying that 1
I care nothing about the passage of this bill, so
far as I am individually concerned. If gentlemen
can find corruptions in the conduct of any officers, j
I trust in God they will bringthem to light. Now, j
sir, what is this b'ill against which something has |
been said, hut in reality very little has been said? j
I have been so much interrupted that my re- I
marks have extended more than I intended; and
I will shortly conclude what I have to say. 1 have
been told by very high authority, since this dis-
cussion has been going on, that unkss some action
is taken like this a settlement between the States
and the Government will not be reached in twen-
ty-five years. It is for the purpose of facilitating
a speedy settlement that I have proposed this bill.
It is a plain bill. It follows substantially the bill
of last session. And, sir, although the other day
I stated the necessity for this additional legisla-
tion, yet my colleague seems to have forgotten it..
He has declared that the law of the last session is
ample for all of these cases.
Let me oncc more repeat, that the Secretary of
the Treasury has decided that the law of the last
session only applies to supplies furnished up to
the time of its passage. Hence there is a neces-
sity for the passage of this bill. It is necessary
to pass some measuie like this to facilitate the
accounts between the loyal States and the Gen-
eral Government. What does this bill propose?
It proposes that the General Government, or the
Secretary of the Treasury for the General Gov-
ernment, shall settle with the States upon proper
voucheis furnished. It proposes that the certifi-
cate of the State officers shall be evidence (the
word " sufficient" being stricken out) that the
States made an advance in money; second, the
character and kind of supplies furnished; and
thirdly, as to the necessity of the character and
kind of supplies furnished. That is all that this
bill proposes. It is all the evidence for which the
certificates of the State officers shall be taken.
Nothing more, sir. Yet I am continually met
with the proposition that this bill will open a wide
door for all sorts of fraud. We have been told
that rations have been furnished from seventeen
cent^ to sixty cents each, and that this bill will
compel us to pay sixty cents for every ration fur-
nished by all the States.
Now, sir, this bill does not change the law re-
specting the proof in reference to the value of the
articles furnished. It docs not require, or indicate
to the Ticasury, that it shall pay any price; but
it leaves the question, as it has always been left,
to the proper Department to ascertain the real
value of the articles furnished by the States. The
bill only makes the certificates of the officers of
the State proof-of what was pnid, leaving the Gov-
ernment to say whethei the States paid too much
or too little. That is left an open question. There
has to be shown that there was a necessity for the
articles furnished. This the bill proves may be
shown by the certificate of the State officers. Out
there is an amendmentof the committee thatpro-
vides that the Secietary of the Ticasury may ic-
qune further proof if necessary. There is no
estoppel upon any inquiry in relation to the ne-
cessity for the supplies furnished, and the kind of
supplies furnished. Now, in Heaven's name, in
common honesty, how does this bill open the door
for fraud ? How will it permit the Government
to be swindled ? I think that it will not permit
any State to get more than is its due. If anygen-
tleman, however, will satisfy me that this bill does
open the door for fraud against the Geneial Gov-
ernment, I will vote against it myself. I am will-
ing that gentlemen shall move whatever amend-
ments they may desire.
But I ask the House to pass some bill that will
require the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
with the States upon some reasonable vouchers.
I want a speedy settlement when the facts are all
known, and not to leave these claims to a later
day when thfire will be greater danger of frauds
creeping into them. Let these claims be at once
settled and the Government will be the gainer.
I now propose to close thi3 debate. I will per-
mit gentlemen, however, to offer any amendments
that they may desire.
Mr. OLIN. Has not the Secretary of War the
power under the law at this time to settle all of
these claims?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Some—not all;
but the gentleman well knows the great difficulty
and in many cases the impossibility of their set-
tlement under the present regulations of thequar-
termastei }s department. I prefer a settlement at
once with the Secretary of the Treasury. I think
that this is a fair proposition, and I hope that it
will he adopted. I call for the previous question.
I do this to close debate, and not for the purpose
of cutting off amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor to offer an amendment.
Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will if the gen^
tleman will promise to call for the previous ques-
tion when his amendment is before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. IiOSCOE CONKLING. Is the previous
question withdrawn only for the purpose of offer-
ing amendments, and not for the purpose of de-
bate?
Mr. STEVENS. Let us postpone this bill and
go to some other business.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want this bill
acted on to-day, and I shall oppose its postpone-
ment any further.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer an amendment to the
latter part of the bill.
The SPEAKER, No amendment is in order
unless it is an amendment to the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the word
"take," in the amendment of the committee, and
to insert in lieu thereof the word " require;" and
to add the following proviso:
Provided, That such testimony shall be furnished by tha
State asserting such claim undersell ruhjs and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, which rules
shall only apply to the State having claims against the Gov-
ernment. And rules of adjustment shall be, as far as may
be, of uniform application.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would accept
that amendment if 1 had the power. I hope that
it will be adopted.
Mr. DUNN. I am entirely satisfied with the
amendment of my colleague. I hope that the
House will promptly pass this bill, t know that
injustice may be done to the Government under
this hill, and 1 know that wf1 cannot pass any law,
either public or private,under which some injustice
may not be done. But, sir, unless we pass this.
bili,orsomethingof the same kind,great injustice
will be done to the patriotic States of the union.
I can speak for the State of Indiana, of which I
am one of the Representatives upon this floor.
That State has advanced largely to the General
Government. When the war broke out she ad-
vanced men, money,clothing,military stores,and
provisions—everything, indeed,the General Gov-
ernment needed, as promptly as she could do it,
trusting to be remunerated by the Government as
soon as possible, and not to have the settlement
restricted by the strict Army regulations provided
for an army of a few thousand men, which will
make it entirely impossible for the States to get
their just accounts allowed. Under that system,
it is well said that it would take twenty-five years
to adjust and settle the accounts of the States, if they
could ever be settled, for supplies furnished to the
Government since this war commenced. In the
mean time, too, we are asked to pay heavy taxes in
order to defray the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment. I shall vote any tax necessary for that
purpose, but at the same time I wish to give the
States the opportunity of settling promptly their
accounts with the General Government.
There is nothing m the bill which is not just
and proper. Such cases as have been referred to
by the gentleman from Illinois should be scruti-
nized by the Secretary of the Treasury. I have
great confidence in the Secretary of theTreasury,
and do not doubt that he will place such safe-
guards as are proper and necessary under this bill
to prevent the General Government from being
imposed upon. I know that many of those ac-
counts are perfectly outrageous. 1 know that
while the people of this country are patriotically
pouring out their blood and treasuie,the pilferers
and thieves have been busy in every place where
they could rob the State and national treasuries.
I think this bill gives the Secretary of the Treas-
ury such power as is necessary to scrutinize these
accounts. It does not take the accounts of the
States as conclusive upon the Government at all.
It simply says they shall be evidence, not con-
clusive evidence; and the amendment introduced
by my colleague [Mr. IIolmau] makes it the
duty of the Secretary to require additional proof,
such as he thinks proper and necessary. If we
cannot trust the Secretary of the Treasury m this
matter, why have we him there? One man, with
a good head, is better to manage this matter than
all of us together. I would rather trust the bee?
