THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
1 Shall this bill be rejected." If no opposition be made, or
if the (ine&lion to reject be negatived, tiie bill shall go to its
second reading without a question."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the pre-
vious question upon the rejection of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ciddle, Jacob B. Blair, William
G. Brown, Calvcit, Coining, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden,
Delaplaine, Dunlap, English, Gi ider, Hall, Hardin?, Kerri-
gan, Kuapp, Law, Lazear, Lcary, MaUory, May, Menztes,
Noble, Noel!, Norton, Nugon, Pendleton, ferry, Piice,
James S. Rollins, Siiiel,-Smith, John B. Steele, YVdIiam
G Steele, Francis Thomas, Vallandtgham, Vooiheeb,
Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wickhffu,
Woodruff, and Wiicht—45.
NAYS—Messrs. AMrich, Alloy, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Binke, George U. Buuvne, Buffinton, Camp-
bell, Chambetlm, Clam, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkiing,
Roscoe Conkltng, Covode, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Duel!, Dunn, Edperton, Edwaid*. Eliot, Fenton, Fe&sen-
de , Fisher, Fi anchor, Fiank, Goouli, Goodwin, Granger,
Gurley, Haight. Halo, Vlanchett, Harrison, Hooper, Hoiton,
Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Killirigcr,
Lansing, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKmght, McPher-
son,Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Mori ill, Ju'tin S. Mor-
rill, Nixon, Odell, Olm, Patton, Timothv G. Phelps, Pike,
Pome.roy, Poller, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Riee,
Riddle, Edward H. RoIIuh, Ssaigeiu, fc>heftield, cMiellab.u-
ger, riherman, Sloan, Spauldm", Stevens, Suatton, Ren-
jam in F. Thomas?, Tiain,Tiowlmdge, Van Ilom, Van Vnl-
kenburgh, Verree, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, and Windom—93.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WORCESTER stated that he had paired
with Mr, Crxsfielp, otherwise he should vote
" no."
Mr. CLARK stated that Mr. Fenton was de-
tained from tho House by sickncss.
Mr. FRANK made a similar statement in ref-
erence to his colleagues, Mr. Wall and Mr. Ely.
Mr. MORRIS stated that he had paired with
his colleague, Mr. Cutler.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said Mr. Richard-
son was absent from the city.
Mr,BINGHAM saidMr. Kellogg,of Illinois,
had been called home in consequence of illness
in his family.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, made a similar statement
in reference to Mr. Walton, of Maine.
Mr. WRIGHT made a similar statement in
reference to Mr. Baily, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGr moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the House refused to re-
ject the bill, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter moiion was agreed to.
The bill then received its second reading.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I wish merely
to say that members do not seem to understand
that this bill makes an appropriation, and must,
under the rules, be referred to the Committee of the
Whole. I move, therefore, that it be referred to
the Committee of the. Whole on the state of the
Union, and upon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move also that the
bill be printed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ROSCOE COCKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred, and
also moved to iay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
schools in xiie district of columbia. v
An act (No. 240) to provide for the public in-
struction ofyouth in the primary schools through-
out the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, without the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown—read a first and second
timcyand. referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
vrancis nirraiANN.
An act (No. 251) for the relief of Francis Htttt-
mann—read a first and second time, and refeired
to the Committee of Claims.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HIGHWAYS.
An act (No. 124) relating to the highways in
the county of Washington and District of Colum-
bia—read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
right of way, etc.
An act (No. 123) to extend the provisions of
the act of August 4,1852, entitled "An act to arrant
the right of way to all rail and plank roads, "&c.,
for the term of five years, and to amend the same
—read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill to regulate the
compensation of district attorneys; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
pacific railroad.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the rules be sus-
pended; and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration,
as a special order, of the bill of the House (No.
364) to aid in constructing a raihoad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government tho use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,
on which the gentleman from California [Mr.
Piielps] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Mr. Chaarman,
after the able argument of the chairman of the
committee,! propose to submitbut a few remarks
upon the important measure under consideration.
It has been thoroughly discussed in the public
prints and by the gu:at men of the country in and
out of Congress, and its merits arc so well under-
stood by not only every member upon this floor,
but by all of our constituents, that 1 cherish the
hope that Congress will be as willing to act speed-
ily and favorably upon the bill as tho country is
willing and anxious it should, as 1 believe the peo-
ple, with a unanimity seldom known upon a great,
measure of the kind, have been desirous for along
time for the consummation of this great project,
that is to be the means of settling up the territory
between the two inhabited portions of the coun-
try, and bringing the Atlantic and Pacific States
into a closer alliance, affording them the means of
intercommunication and exchange so necessary to
tho peace, progress, happiness and security of a
people living under the same Government.
While we have all seen and acknowledged the
necessity of this great national work when the
country was in the enjoyment of peace, its neces-
sity has become, amidst the trials and dangers that
now unhappily surround us, most painfully ap-
parent. A few weeks ago, when dark clouds hung
like a pall over this city, threatening European
war, there was not, I presume, one of us who did
not feci that our Pacific possessions were isolated,
exposed, and difficult of defense, rendering us
weak for standing the shock of battle with a for-
eign Power, and that we had been negligent to the
extent of guilt, in failing to prepaie the country
for the emergency that then seemed to be upon
us. The danger of European war is happily
passed for the present. Out should wc not profit
by the peril through which the ship of State has
just been happily guided, and prepare for future
difficulties tnat may not admit of so easy an ad-
justment? It is not my purpose to speak at much
length of the importance of this measure in secur-
ing the safety of the Pacific States. On that score
my colleague has made an unanswerable argu-
ment, for which I thank him, and for which his
constituents and the country will thank h m. I
could add but little to the force of his able speech.
Never, sir, were words of greater wisdom ut-
tered than those used by our gi cat statesman when
he counseled us to prepare m time of peace for
war. Our weak and assailable points should at
once be strengthened and made sccure. The safest
and cheapest way to avoid foreign dictation and
war is to create an impregnable defense, to place
ourselves in such a position that we cannot be as-
sailed by any nation with any chance of success
to the'assailant or permanent detriment to our-
selves. At the present lime our P.vmSc slope is
not only isolated ftom the central G<ueminent,
and from the wealth and population of the coun-
try, but is almost wholly defenseless; entirely so
in fact, except the partial defenses in the harbor
of San Francisco. We have a line of sea-coast of
more than one thousand miles in extent, stretch-
ing from 320 30' to 480 30' north latitude, and
making in this distance seven and one half degrees
of longitude. Along this whole line there are no
defenses worthy of the name, except the works
at Fort Point and Alcatras island; all the rest is
at the mercy of an invading force, which could
be easily landed at almost any point which might
be selected.
As to a navy, we have upon the Pacific waters
some three or four steam and other war vessels,
and perhaps as many more that could, under an
urgent necessity, be converted into war vessels
without much delay. The population along the
whole coast numbers less than one million souls,
scattered over an area much larger than the ori-
ginal thirteen States of the Union—a territory pos-
sessing a wealth in the precious metals sufficient
to tempt the cupidity of the world, and richer far
in soil than any other which we possess, except-
ing the deltas of some of the rivers in the south-
ern and western States. This people, though
brave and loyal, are so scattered and exposed at
every point that they could, with the defensive
resources with which they are now supplied, make
but a feeble resistance against an invading foe.
We ought not, sir, to leave this distant portion of
our domain longer thus exposed—a temptation to
other nations to make war upon us for its posses-
sion; or in case war ensues from other causes, its
exposed condition inviting the first notice of the
enemy. We should not subject to such hazard,
or to any hazard at all, that portion of our coun-
try the mineral products of which form the basis
of our currency, and which is adding so much,
3rear after year, to our national wealth; nor sub-
ject 1 ho Government to the possible expenditure
of untold millions for its defense after a crisis has
arisen. To fortify the whole coast by the erec-
tion of forts is a present impiacticabiluy; that is
a work requiring a half century of'time, and mil-
lions of money.
If, then, we would avoid the hazard of losing
our Pacific possessions in ease of war, we must
provide the means of defending them. This can
only be done in one of two ways. We must
either have a railroad across the continent by which
troops and munitions of war can be rapidly trans-
ported to that coast, orwe must maintain a suffi-
cient force there in time of peace to meet the exi-
gencies of war, for it would be wholly impracti-
cable to send a force to that coast across the con-
tinent by the means which we now have after
hostilities are declared against us by a foreign
Power, and equally impossible to send such a force
by sea. To keep such a standing army as would
be necessary for its protection, on that coast, for
a few years only, would equal the entire cost of
constructing a first class railroad from the Missis-
sippi to San Francisco; and the policy of keeping
such a force in time of peace is more objectionable
to our people, and more obnoxious to the theory
and practice of the Government, than to lend its
aid in constructing a work of such national im-
portance, and one so clea.ily demanded in the ab-
sence of a large standing army, as furnishing the
only means of defending this importantportion of
our domain. Every one of us would repudiate
with infinite scorn the idea of relinquishing a sin-
gle foot of our territory, in any part of the coun-
try, whatever may be the cost of preserving its
imparity. Then we must elect between these two
alternatives, namely, a large standing arm^ on the
Pacific, or that of supplying the means of trans-
porting an army there m case of emergency. Can
there be a doubt as to the choice the country would
make if submitted to the people ? In regard to the
importance of early action m this mattei, I find
in a most able letter from our consul at Paris, ad-
dressed to Mr. Seward, tho following timely sug-
gestions:
" The union of the Pacific and sea boaid Static by an lion
load novei appealed so cleailv a national neee.-^il} a* it has
fcincethe recentthicateued ruptuie with England. The fiist
ami inevitable result ot' a wai with any great naval Power
would be the lo^ of our California povu^iou*.
" Whatever may have been the tiaditional policy of the
Government heietotbi.', some ea\V, tuie, and rapid com-
munication between the Atlantic and the' Pacific i^ now a
^iibjeet of Mich direct national concern that the Govern-
ment mtiotchatge iuelt with the execution of it without
much dc'av."
