1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Never were words more true or more oppor-
tunely spoken. No one who has visited our west-
ern coast has failed to realize their complete isola-
tion from the General Governmentand their peril-
ous condition in case of foreign war. But none
whose interests and homes are not there can ap-
preciate the anxiety of the citizens of that coast
on this score. Should they not have all the secur-
ity from foreign invasion which the General Gov-
ernment can reasonably extend to them ? Have
wc passed that period when any portion of our
people can appeal in vain to the Government for
protection ? I will not believe it.
It may be urged by some that the expenditure
will be large._ True, nominally it is so, but in fact
it is most insignificant, considering the great re-
sults to be gained. The whole of the land to be
donated, shouldtill the lines of road mentioned in
the act be built, amounts, at Government pnccs,
to not more than $11,000,000. So far as concerns
the issue of bonds of the Government, the amount
which is provided may be issued, as the road by
sections of forty miles is fully completed, docs not
exceed one half the cost of its construction, and
the issue is only made on a first mortgage of the
road, which is to be unincumbered by any other
lien whatsoever, the mortgage stipulating that the
company will pay back to the Government in mail
and military service and immoney the principal
and interest of the bonds loaned, and provides for
a forfeiture of the road in case of a failure on the
part of the company to fulfill the conditions im-
Does the Government take any hazard in mak-
ing a loan of its credit in this way to secure the
construction of a great work so necessary to the
general interests and security of the whole coun-
try? Is it not one of those perfectly safe opera-
tions in which bankers and merchants, when the
amount does not excecd their means, do not hes-
itate to engage? Wc believe it to be so, and that
no loss can ultimately befall the Governmentfrom
aiding: this enterprise.
But it is claimed by the anti-progressives that
it is illegitimate for a Government to give aid in
this way or in any way to any purpose of the
kind. This is error. On the contrary, sir, it is
to carry out such great enterprises, which are
demanded for the safety of communities, and the
wants of commerce and civilization, and are be-
yond the means and ability of individual and cor-
porate enterprise, that Governments are formed,
and are just as legitimate objects for Government
to engage in as the construction and maintenance
of ships of war.
For what are Governments formed if not to
protect their citizens from foreign invasion and
wrong—to secure their happiness and promote
their general welfare1 And are they restricted in
the manner in which they shall protect their citi-
zens or promote their general welfare? If we are
satisfied that the building of this road will render
us as strong for defensive operations as would the
building and manning of an hundred line-of-battle
ships, may wc not assist the enterprising subjects
of the Government in building it by the cxcrcise
of the same powers that we exercise every time
we make an appropriation for the increase of our
Navy? Certainly we may do all this; and as I
feel there can, at this day, be no lingering doubt
in the mind of any well informed man as to the
imperative military necessity of this road, I will
pass from its consideration m this aspect, and con-
sider for a few moments the benefits our Govern-
ment and people aie likely to derive from it in
other respects.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camp-
bell] has shown us, by authentic figures, that the
cost of transporting military and naval stores and
the mails to the Pacific coast, amounts to§7,000,000
per annum; and that, of this sum, an amount more
than large enough to pay the interest on the bonds
to be issued under this bill, would be saved by
the construction of this road.
Tins I believe is the only Government that docs
not admit, as one of its pioper objects, the eliding
of great enterpnsesof this kind, in forwarding the
interests of its commerce and development of its
internal resources. Whether in this respect we
are more prudent than wise, time will determine, i
Is it not well to glance occasionally, however, at !
the doings of other Governments, and peichance i
learn a lesson thereby? Franco has aided her rail- (
road companies in the last few years, muchm the i
manner proposed in this bill, to the extent of
$245,000,000, not only with great advantage to the
general interests of the country, but to the finan-
cial interests of the Government. Mr. Bigelow,
speaking of her railroad system, says:
" It was inaugurated when the finances of France were
in a deploiable state, and it has added incalculably to her
wealth, as well as to her political power, and is to-day the
main basis of her financial credit."
Speaking of railroads in Russia, he says:
" Russia had scarcely signed the treaty of peace which
brought the Crimean war to a clos>e when she began to carry
out the vast deigns for opening up to commerce and settle-
ment the van piopoiUoiih ofher empire, of winch the war
iiad revealed the necessity, and also to inaugurate a system
of common schools and to emancipate her seifs. These were
a few of the great enterpuses which she commenced, and
with every piotpcct of success, when slio was pronounced
by the English press exhausted and bankrupt."
But is she bankrupt, or impoverishing herself?
No, sir; quite the contrary. There is no Govern-
ment on the globe now making such wonderful
strides towards wealth, greatness, jjnd power,as
Russia. What is to be the effect of this exten-
sive European railway system upon our commerce
and interests, is a question of great importance to
us. Speaking of that, Mr. Bigelow says:
"Mr. Beckwith thinks, and not without good reason, it
seems; to me, that we shall find at the close ot this war one
half of our cotton business has been tranefened to India.
Soon, too, Russian roads will be opened through the whole
region of the Tene Noire, fiom the Black .sea to the Baltic,
which, from its  Job bottomless soils, will yield incalcula-
ble quantities of food now inaccessible. France is pushing
her railway system down into Spain, and, in concert with
that Government, is opening up vast regions hitherto un-
cullivated, which would giow wheat enough to feed all
Euiope. In these ways out expoit tiade is seriously thieat-
ened, and can only be piesetved by a lailway system pro-
portioned to the magnitude ol our teiritory and it* natural
lesouices, by which cveiything that the industry of the
countiy can produce can have its market."
That he is not mistaken as to the danger of our
export trade being destroyed is but too apparent.
Wc have not only to suppress the rebellion, but,
as far as we can, do away with its disastrous re-
sults upon the industry of the country.
It is not alone the enterprises of France, Rus-
sia, and Spain with which wc have to compete,
but England, too, is fully up to the requiiemcnts
of the age in her railroad projects, carried forward
in aid of her commerce and industrial interests in
every part of the globe. She hasexpended in the
Indies more than sufficient to build a road across
the American continent, and chiefly for the pur-
pose of securing, independently of the United
States, the single article of cotton, on which the
industry of a portion only of her citizens depend.
Canada has expended in the last ten or twelve
years, in rivalry of American interests, more than
forty-three millions of dollars in the construction
of canals and railroads; an amount equal to the
aid proposed to be extended to this road on its first
mortgage bonds; and yet, Canada, with all of its
surroundings, does not more than equal in popula-
tion the State of New York. Yet, sir, there is no
country where a railroad would serve such great
purposes, and is so much demanded as the one
under consideration. England, Franco, Russia,
and Spam cach have their commercial and local
interests to advance by their roads; but we have,
by the construction of this road, a country to settle
and populate almost as laige as the whole of Eu-
rope, and a commerce which we may obtain by
it larger than was ever enjoyed by any nation since
the world began. All that vast territory lying
west of Kansas, cast of the Sierra Nevadas, and
between Mexico and the British possessions, is
inaccessible to settlement except by railroad.
Throughout most of the settled portions of the
country our lakes and rivers have been highways
of commerce, and have aided much in settling the
country, but in all that region mentioned we have
no such advantages. There railroads must supply
the indispensable purposes of communication and
exchange which lakes and rivers have done in
other sections.
The experience of the infant settlements already
made in Utah and Nevada teach us how utterly
hopeless is the task of peopling that country with-
out the aid of railroad communication. The peo-
ple of Salt Lake, though industrious, and occu-
pying the richest soil, and aided greatly by the
overland emigration to California, with which they
have been able to make desirable exchanges, and
who, from their peculiar religion, seek to live
wholly within themselves, have madc_but little
pfogress during the last few years. In Nevada we
have a mining population of some twenty^five i5r
thirty thousand, to whom all articles of consump-
tion have to be freighted from the Sacraiftfcnto va!*-
ley at an average cost of not teste'than $4,000*000
per annum to every twenty-five thousand-persons,
or $160 to each person, an amount
the average earnings of our citizens, Thtxsjy-sir,
these settlements, though small, are sufficient
demonstrate the utter impracticability of seuftftg'
that Territory with the presen t avenues of commu*
nication. Yet it is very important those' lands—-
embracing more than five hundred million acres,
much of it rich agricultural land, and the mineral
wealth of which cannot be estimated—should be'
brought into market, and that country settled aM
made to add to our wealth and power, instead of
draining our wealth and contributing to our weak-
ness.
These, sir, are some of the considerations that
urge upon us immediate and favorable action on
this bill. Time does not permit a full presenta-
tion of the arguments in favor of the enterprise;
besides, few even among its most earnest support-
ers could begin to detail all the benefits that would
follow from its consummation.
We can sometimes make a closer estimate of
the benefits of a contemplated work of the kind
from analogy than in any other way; and, fortu-
nately, we have a work that will serve our pur-
pose, to some extent, though of far less import-
ance in ever^ point of view. It is but a short time
since, though before the era of railroads, that west-
ern New York was almost a wilderness, and its
sparse settlements, together with those of western
Pennsylvania and Ohio, had no markets or means
of intercourse with commercial centers. The prog-
ress of settlement in all that section—then the far
West, but now the center of wealth and popula-
tion—was butslow,as the wants ofa market more
than offset the advantages of soil and climate. But
De Witt Clinton conceived the project of con-
structing the Erie canal to afford them the means
of reaching a market with their surplus products
with which to buy the luxuries of more civilized
life. After surmounting, numberless difficulties,
and meeting the persistent objectionsof the timid,
the weak-minded, and the ao-nothing-anti-pro-
gressive school, who feared to' depart from the
beaten paths of their ancestors, he had the satis-
faction of seeing the great work commenced; and
then it was that all through the West the noise of
machinery and the din of busy multitudes began
to break upon the quiet of ages; the trails of the
savage bccame obliterated by the tread of a resist-
less emigration, and the native forests began to
disappear before the sturdy pioneer, and the face
of nature to be made glad by the arts of civiliza-
tion, and towns, villages, and cities sprang up
everywhere as if by magic. And so it will be in
our now great western wild if we authorize the
construction of this road. The Erie canal may
not have paid back in mere tolls the costof its con-
struction, but it has added to the aggregate wealth
of the State of New York more than five hundred
millions, has made her the Empire State of the
Union, and her chief city the commercial empo-
rium and center of the continent.
But its results have not been altogether local; on
the contrary it has contributed in no small degree
to our national prosperity, in the early settlement
of the great West, the wealth of which contributes
so much to the support of the Government, and
whose hardy,patriotic, and gallant sons have been
dealing such telling blows against rebellion and in
favor of the Constitution and the Union, and with-
out whose aid we should be powerless to cope
with treason to-day. And yet Clinton, like Watt
and Fulton at an earlier day, was denounced as
a speculative dreamer for undertaking that mag-
nificent enterprise, so grand in its results, so ex-
tensive in its benefits. So much must those meet
and endure who dare to take a step in advance of
the position held by cotemporaries. But Clinton
lived to see the triumph of his project, the com-
pletion of that great undertaking; a work that is
a more enduring monument to his name than per-
petuates the memory of almost any other man; a
more noble achievement than though he had se-
cured the Presidency, and dispensed Federal pat-
ronage through a half dozen terms of office.
Sir, I desire to draw no unpleasant comparison
between the relative condition of States, but it is
sometimes profitable to notice the difference in
their prosperity, and trace the causes that have
