1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5$9
The report concludes with the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That Charles H. Uptonis not entitled to aseat
in this House as a Representative of the seventh congres-
sional district of the State of Virginia.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WORCESTER. I give notice that I will
call up the report for action this day week.
EXTENSION OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it was the general
understanding yesterday that the debate on the
Army bill should be extended for one hour, to ac-
commodate the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
I therefore move to reconsider the vote by which
the motion to close debate was adopted.
The motion was a'greed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to extend the time
allowed for debate one hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to extend the
debate two hours, and I will simply state the rea-
son for making this request. Every day this week
I have been endeavoring to get the floor, in order
to speak on a matter which particularly interests
my constituents on the Pacific coast; but I have
been unable to do so, because other and older mem-
bers of the House have obtained it, for the pur-
pose of discussing the question which has been so
much talked about in the House. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to ex-
tend the time, so as to allow me an opportunity
to present my views upon the Pacific railroad.
Mr. STEVENS. I would be very glad to ac-
commodate thegentleman, butevery day this week
and last week there have been a number of men
waiting here who cannot get their pay until the
Army bill is passed, and I must, therefore, decline.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
AIMIY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. IIolman in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill of the House (No. 909) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending June 30, 1862.
The CHAIRMAN stated that, in accordance
with what appeared to be the understanding of
the committee last evening, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I obtained the floor
on yesterday to give a prompt answer to the elab-
orate attack made by my colleague [Mr. Gurley]
on General McClellan. I was not unaware that
my colleague had thus prepared himself. It was
bruited about that we were to have a dissertation
on the conduct of this war which would annihi-
late its present managers. I wish that my col-
league could plead the impulse of the moment
for his speech; but I give more significance to his
labored effort because it betokens a plan—and in
which my colleague plays his role—to get rid of
the gallant Major General, in whom repose the
hopes and the confidence of the people. If his
speech had been made by a Democrat, it would
have been said that it was an attempt to aid seces-
sion; to cripple our credit at home and our honor
abroad; to undermine the popular faith in the
power of the Government to conquer peace and
restore the Union. It would have deserved, ac-
cording to the practice now obsolete, aprison in a
sea-bound castle.
I do not understand, nor will I attempt to ana-
lyze, the motives of my colleague. If I were to
judge of his intent by the effect of his speech, he
would discourage the Army in their efforts, and
the people in their payment of taxes. His speech
will aid the rebellion, not so much because it was
spoken by him as because it seems to be a part of
a plan, outside and inside of this House, to beget
distrust and sow discord. I do not know, sir, how
much weight will be attributed to my colleague s
military strictures. If his facts are no better than
his conclusions—and I will demonstrate that
neither are correct—his speech will only go for
what it is worth—the scolding of an unmilitary
Congressman.
My colleague began with the cry that generals
are nothing; that if any general was incompetent,
to take him away. He read from the Richmond
Dispatch to show the errors our general had com-
mittqfl. The article re^d was so full of slander
and falsehood that he himself corrected a part
of it. He charged the Commander-in-Chief with
causelessly holding back oqj- eager soldiers for
months. He charged him with denying to them
the victory which was in their reach. He said
that no man living was fit to command over three
hundred thousand'
Mr. GURLEY. I said six hundred thousand.
Mr. COX. I have read the gentleman's speech
in the Globe, and I am right. He further said that
it was not only anti-republican and unwise, but
alarming to the last degree. He found fault with
his plan—as he claimed to know it—to attack the
enemy's whole line at once at all points. He said
this was unwise because it was impossible. He
did not approve of the general's "nice and precise
adjustment of military affairs" before the Army
moved. He wanted the Army to overwhelm the
enemy without waiting for orders from Washing-
ton city. He then undertook, by a statement of
facts as to the affairs at Romney, in Missouri, and
Kentucky, to depreciate the character of that Com-
mander-in-Chief. He demanded that the Army
should move at all hazards, unrestrained by a sin-
gle hand. He thought he saw in the accession
of Mr. Stanton a streak of sunlight, for he (Mr.
Stanton) was like brave Ben Wade, of Ohio. He
thought, if we did not move soon, our reputation
as a military people would about equal that of the
Chinese; and then my colleague wound up his
speecli by the figure of the anaconda, in which he
tried to be humorous at the expense of General
Scott, who originated the trope, and finally he
wasforstirringuptheanaconda, oven though,like
the snakes from Tenedos in Virgil, they wound
their toils around the most sacred of our hopes to
crush them forever. This is the analysis of my
colleague's speech.
On the very eve, sir, of the most important move-
ments, and when, too, our Army m one section has
already given earnest in carrying out successfully
one part of General McClellan's scheme, we have
this mostinopportune display of impatience against
General McClellan. I would rather have heard it
from any other than an Ohio member. Ohio gave
McClellan his first commission. I remember to
have seen him when he came with alacrity to her
capital to accept this mark of our Governor's trust.
How well he repaid the confidence, Western Vir-
ginia can answer; and if all his plans there had
been carried outby subordinates with avigorequal
to their wisdom, we would have had less trouble
and more glory in that campaign.
As to the advent of the new Secretary of War,
Mr. Stanton, whom my colleague hails as a "streak
of light" in the gloom, I do not believe that he will
delight in such hailing, coupled with such railing
at his friend the general. It is too much like the
"all hail!" of the witches to Macbeth. [Laugh-
ter.] There lurks a sinister object in this congrat-
ulation. It was intended as a depreciation of
McClellan; as if the errors and incompetency of
the late Secretary of War ought to be shared by
the general. I, sir, as much and more sincerely
than my colleague, welcome the new Secretary.
His advent is the harbinger of a better day, when
the general's energy can be seconded by the de-
termination and intelligence of an accomplished
civilian and an honest man.
But my colleague would hurry the Army into
a movement now " at all hazards," because for-
eign nations may soon interfere. I do not under-
stand this logic. He would have us risk every-
thing for fear of trouble from abroad. We may
have foreign war; but this nation should not haz-
ard its own existence from a servile fear of Eng-
land or France. If he had been a Democrat, he
would not have been so fearful of every move-
ment abroad. Choate said he loved the old De-
mocracy, because they had " a gay and festive
defiance of foreign dictation."
Mr. GURLEY. That is the party of which I
was a member.
Mr. COX. Then my colleague has been a ren-
egade to his ancient faith. I am sorry for it. We
would be unworthy of our fathers and of our land,
did we fire our own house over our heads because
we may fear a neighbor will come some night to
despoil it.
My colleague objects to the organization of an
army with one head. He wants a many-headed
arrangement, with, I suppose, distracting coun-
sels. Utterly unconscious of the absolute neces-
sity of unity of movement by our armies, under
one direction, my colleague, to strike at General
McClellan, would change the military system,
which has obtained from the time war began or
armies were levied. My colleague has a military
wisdom beyond all human comprehension. Be-
cause our Army is large .we must, on this logic,
dispense with its proper organization. There is
the more need of one executive head to so vast an
array as this Army of half a million.
My colleague, in this attack upon the general in
command, meant to attack also the President, or
he meant nothing. He knew that the President
was General McClellan's superior officer; that all
that McClellan had done or had not done was
approved by the President. He was, however,
gracious enough to say that the President would
not set up his opinion in military matters in an-
tagonism to hisgeneral-in-chief; and he would no
doubt, for this, commend the good sense of Mr.
Lincoln, as 1 do. But if the President in thus act-
ing was sensible, what sort of sense is it for a
member of Congress, whose life has been passed,
too, in thumping the pulpit desk, [laughter,] and
-whose thoughts have been less upon the eagle
and more upon the dove, to set up his opinion
against the skill and education of the general in
command? If it were not bad sense, sir, it would
be nonsense. Why did not my colleague, if his
motive was good, go to the President, and with
his array of maps, telegraphs, facts of omission
and commission, lay before the President his mili-
tary conceptions? Why does he have them de-
livered here, before the nation? Was it to display
his military erudition ? Or was it to gratify what
he thinks was the popular prejudice and impa-
tience, to which he would administer, regardless
of consequences? Why did he not go toGeneral
McClellan and verify his facts before ho used
them for the public disservice ?
Mr. Chairman, if thegentleman had been a skill-
ful commander, or had, like the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] the humane
motive for investigating the confessed blunder at
Ball's Bluff, in which many brave men were lost, I
could tolerate this mischievous line of debate.
But, sir, my colleague compels me to examine
into his merits as a military critic particularly,
and the propriety of military "movements" here
in Congress and elsewhere by civilians. My col-
league will admit that he is nota military man by
education, nor asoldier, like Falstnff, on instinct.
[Laughter.] His profession was that of a gos-
peler. [Laughter.] His studies do not fit him to
discuss martial subjects. We do not go to a black-
smith to have our watcli repaired, nor to a Watch-
maker to have our horse shod. We do not go to
Carolina for cheese, [laughter,] nor to the West-
ern Reserve for cotton. I can well imagine how
a fine scholar, as is my colleague, might, like Beau-
mont's "Elder Brother," sit in his study, and
mount upon the wings of speculation, and
" hourly converse
With kings and emperors, and weigh their counsels,
Calling their victories, if unjustly got,
Unto a strict account, and in Ins fancy
Deface their ill-placed statues."
But, sir, criticism on the art of war, to be val-
uable now*, must be backed by specific study and
experience. What has been the study and expe-
rience of my colleague?
Thecountry was thoroughly disgusted with the
part Congressmen played at Bull Run. [Laughter
in the galleries.] It may be remembered with what
jocund levity the House adjourned to go over to
see our army march upon Richmond. Not one of
us ever got there, except my friend from New
York, [Mr. Ely,] [laughter,] who made his exile
so conspicuously honorable m the use he made of
it in behalf of his fellow-prisoners. The House
may remember that I opposed the adjournment
then on the ground that, by going over the river,
we would only get in the way of the soldiers. It
turned out that the soldiers got m the way of the
Congressmen. [Laughter.]
I have a letter, written by a member of this
House and published in an Ohio paper, which de-
tails, with graphic accuracy, the part displayed by
truculent Congressmen on that day. I will have
it read at the Clerk's table.
