um
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
led to it: Virginia, possessing an area one fourth
greater, a better soil and climate, had, in 1790,
more than double the population, wealth, and com-
merce of the Stale of New York; now, New
York has double the population, five times the
wealth, and twenty-five times the commerce of
Virginia. The causes which have led to these
wonderful changes in the condition of those States
are almostas apparent as the fact that the changes
have occurred. Virginia has rested content with
her natural advantages, while New York, through
her great public works, has been constantly march-
ing forward on the highway to wealth and great-
ness, until now she is an empire within herself,
possessing as large a population, and more wealth
and commerce than was possessed by the whole
country eighty years ago. May we not learn a
wise lesson from the history of those States, and
profit by their experience ? What the Erie canal
has been to the Stateof New York, a Pacific rail-
road is destined to be to the whole country.
There are, then, two good reasons why we
should pass this bill, cither one of which is suffi-
cient to justify its passage, namely: it is a mili-
tary necessity; and, secondly, it is absolutely es-
sential to our internal development. But there is
another reason, which would be sufficient of itself
to induce any European Government, under sim-
ilar circumstances, not only to give the aid pro-
posed, but to wholly construct the road in the
speediest possible way; and that is, sir, the fact
that beyond its western terminus lie Japan,China,
and the East Indies, with their more than four
hundred millions of industrial inhabitants, whose
commerce, the most tempting prize ever within
the reach of any country, may be secured thereby.
To secure this commerce would not only add vastly
lo our national wealth, but it would build up,
through individual enterprise and the currents of
trade opened by it, such a fleet of steam and sail
vessels, and give us such a naval predominance
upon the Pacific, as would enable us to defy the
maritime Powers of the world on that ocean, and
would render our Pacific possessions safe within
themselves for all time to come. And not only
would we derive the advantages of an increased
trade and national security, but we would save in
the present condition of our commerce, as may
be learned from facts within the rcach of all, on
freight, interest, and insurance on our precious
metals, and on our money exchanges, an amount
every ten years equal to the (Hit ire cost of the road.
As this source of drainage upon our national
wealth does not appear to have been much exam-
ined into, I beg the indulgence of the House for
a few moments to present some facts 111 relation
lo it.
Our imports from China, in the year 1837,
amounted to $8,336,932, and our domestic ex-
ports to China amounted to $3,019,900, leaving a
balance of trade against us of $5,337,032. In
3838, our imports from that country amounted to
$10,570,536, and our domestic exports to only
#2,467,645, leaving a balance against us of
$8,102,891. In ]is(J0, the amount of our imports
from the same source was $13,566,641, and that of
our domestieexports $7,170,7d4, leaving a balance
against us ot $6,395,£1)2. These figures exclude
the exports of gold and silver. Fortheyeuis 1^59
and 1861 1 have been unable to obtain the sta-
tistics.
It will be observed that our trade with this
nation is rapidly increasing:, our imports having
increased from 1657 to 3860about sixty per cent.,
wl\ilc our exports of domestic produce show the
gratifying increase of more than one hundred and
thirty-three per cont. This commerce, so rapidly
increasing in importance, needs facilities winch it
does not now possess; and by giving the facilities
necessary to its prospective grow th, such as Eng-
land and all other nations so willingly extend to
interests of like magnitude, it may be extended
and increased, until at an eailv day it will profit-
ably absorb annually millions of dollars' worth of
our manufactured goods, and all of the gold and
silver taken from the mines of California, Oregon,
Washington,and Nevada,and give lomuncrative
employment to a merchant fleet as large as that
which we now possess.
it is not reasonable to suppose, under any cir-
cumstances, that the balanceagainst us m our trade
with China, will, at anytime, bo less than m the
year 1860—say $6,400,000 in round numbers.
This amount of indebtedness is now mostly paid
through English houses, at a cost to us of about
twenty per cent. At the present rates of exchange,
then, the balance against us, to be paid by remit-
tances of money or bills of credit, will cost us
annually the sum of $1,280,000; that is to say,
the $6,400,000 purchased by us in excess of our
exports, will really cost us $7,680,000. This ex-
change, of course, is paid in part by every person
who consumes a dollar's worth of Chinese goods,
as it becomes a part of their cost; and one section
of the country is as much interested in reducing
the amount as another, it being placed upon the
people of the entire country as equally as the duty
on imports or any other tax. If we can by the
construction of this road open a new channel of
commerce which will turn this treasure current to
direct shipments, which can be made from San
Francisco in twenty-three days, saving from the
present specie route at least sixty days in time,
reducing the cost of shipment, including exchange,
freight, interest, and insurance, to not exceeding
four per cent.j it would make, annually, a net sav-
ing to our people of $984,000. To the sum thus
saved should be addcdUhe cost of shipment of the
same amount of treasure from San Francisco to
New York, which cannot be done at loss rates than
three and one half per cent., and would amountto
$259,000. I may very properly add, that the en-
tire balance of trade against us, in what is known
in mercantile parlance as the " East India trade,"
will not fall short of $18,000,000 per annum. On
this sum the saving in exchange would amountto
$3,600,000.
But, sir, these are but a small portion of the
benefits the country would derive from changing
the specie route of the world into American chan-
nels of trade. It is estimated thafrthc annual bal-
ance of trade against Europe and Amcrica, and
m favor of the Mongolian race, reaches an aggre-
gate of less than $50,000,000. This vast sum
should be met by the shipment of gold and silver
from San Francisco; and our merchants "Cn the
Atlantic sea-board, instead of buying exchange
m England to pay for purchases in China, should
themselves sell to England and all Europe the ex-
change to pay their balances. When we reflect
that almost the whole of the silver shipped to
China and the East Indies is collected on the Pa-
cific coasts of North and South America, and
shipped thence across the Isthmus of Panama, via
London and Suez, to the point of its destination,
thus travelling three fourths of the circumference
of the globe, we may well marvel that our Gov-
ernment has failed for the last ten years to appre-
ciate fully the importance of changing these cur-
rents of trade by building a continental road, to
direct shipments from our own ports by our own
people, and by so doing have made New York,
instead of London, the point at which the world's
balance should be settled. We have probably
paid to Europe for exchange or credits in the East,
during the last ten years, not less than $14,000,000;
and to pay our European balance, our merchants
have paid for exchange and freight from the At-
lantic sea-board to Europe probably not less than
$10,000,000- The gold to pay these balances dur-
ing that time has been drawn from San Fiancisco,
and has been shipped to New York, at a cost to
our mincts and merchants of not less than the
sum of $20,000,000—making, in the aggregate,
$44,000,000, which has been paid for freight on
gold and silver and exchange, which might have
been saved, almost wholly, by building this road
and the establishment of steam communication
between San Francisco and the East, which its
construction would have immediately caused to
be done ten yeais ago.
Nor is this all, sir. A profit on this freight and
the woild's exchange, which now goes to Eng-
land, amounting to nearly as much more, would
have been realized by our commerce and people.
Thus the country is sixty or, perhaps, seventy-
five millions of dollars poorer to-day because of our
failure to discern and improve our opportunities in
this direction.
I am aware, sir, these are startling figures,but
they are, nevertheless, correct, being made up from
actual computation of our trade and balances, and
the rates of exchange as they have existed. For
the last half century China has been the silver
maiketof the world; thither have flowed and con-
verged the silver currents of the globe. Within
the last two years, and while our attention has
been particularly directed to the subject of Asiafic
commerce, we have discovered almost upon our
western borders the silver mines of Washoe and
Esmeralda, abounding in wealth in this metal be-
yond the ability of man to compute. It is esti-
mated by those competent to judge, that the yield
of Washoe alone, for the coming year, will amount
to $20,000,000, and this, too, in the very infancy
of those mines. When a sufficiency of proper
machinery is introduced, probably within two or
three years, the yield will not be less than thirty
or forty millions of dollars perannum. The ques-
tion, sir, is, shall we take such steps as will lead
to the sending of this silver to its natural market
directly, and reap all the advantages to be gained
by so doing, or shall we pursue the old narrow-
minded policy which has governed us so long,
and allow it to take the route via Panama, New
York, London, and Suez, a distance of twenty-
five thousand miles, to reach its final destination,
only five thousand miles- from our shores, our-
selves losing the freight, interest, and exchange,
and giving to another and a rival nation the prof-
its which should be our own ? In other words,
shall we avail ourselves of our own resources and
apply them to our own benefit, or shall we con-
tinue to be in this respect, at least, a mere tribu-
tary, serving to swell the current of a rival's
wealth, commerce, and power?
This subject is nouone which concerns the Pa-
cific coast alone, but is eminently national; New
York, Boston, and the whole country being quite
as much interested as the Pacific States. If any one
section, in fact, is more interested than another,it
is the great cities of the East, for it is there the
balances of trade would be settled, and the profits
of exchange would be paid. California has, how-
ever, an interest peculiar to herself in changing the
present specic route. The balance of trade against
her, and in favor of her Atlantic sisters with whom
she deals, is about forty millions of dollars per
annum. This amount she pays by shipments of
gold, at a cost in freight, interest, and insurance,
of li tile less than two millions of dollars perannum.
If trade was changed, as it would be by a conti-
nental road, this balance against her would be ad-
justed by shipments to China, at the expense and
to the credit of the merchants of New York, Bos-
ton, and Philadelphia, thus saving California this
large item of expense, and largely benefiting them,
as the money thus placed to their credit would
settle their balances due China and the Indies, and
form the basis of exchange to bo sold to English
and European merchants. I should not fail to
notice m this connection, as a matter of great com-
mercial importance, the fact that the Chinese are
beginning to receive with much favor gold and
silver bullion, and it is probable that hereafter gold
will be as acceptable to them as silver, and we
may use as much of it in our trade with them as
may be desirable.
I now propose to notice more particularly the
advantages which would be derived from it m an
extended commerce and increased markets for our
manufactures and agricultuial productions.
Recent occurrences in China have opened the
door to trade with millions of that people hereto-
fore shut out by their exclusive policy. Mercan-
tile men everywhere regard the opening of the
Chinese rivers to commerce as one of the greatest
events of the age in Us commercial aspects; and
one that we may avail ourselves of, if we will, to
the great benefit of the whole country, by extend-
ing our commerce and increasing the markets for
the productions of the country, particulaily our
coarse cotton goods, to almost any extent we may
desire, for the building of this road with the steam
lines it would call into existence, would enable us
to transport freight between New York and China
in thirty days, and as time nearly governs com-
mercial opeiations, would give us such an advant-
age that no nation would be able to compete with
us in the Asiatic trade.
One of the greatest wants of the country on the
close of this war will be a market for our cotton.
England, by her constantexertions, will have the
abiiity in a few years, at most, to supply herself
with this important staple independently of the
United States. Unless, therefore, proper care is
now taken, this once groat element of national
wealth will be lost to us. forever. This we cannot
afford and should not allow. It is no argument to
say that the cotton planters are traitors, and de-
serve no encouragement from Government. The
planter may be a traitor, but cotton is an important
