T4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
3 fail Cong.... 2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defame—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
the character of the men who attended that meet-
ing and passed it, I do not intend to charge my
colleague with disloyalty; neither do I intend to
charge it upon any of the distinguished gentlemen
who participated in that meeting.: I believe they
are loyal men; X believe they are Union men; for
they expressed their attachment to the Union in
these very resolutions, as I before stated; butthere
was a contingency in their unionism. My col-
league asked the Legislature of Kentucky to pass
the Crittenden amendments to the Constitution,
invite the cooperation of other States, and then to
form a new Union upon the Constitution thus
amended. That is a kind of unconditional union-
ism that I do not understand. If I had been in
that meeting, I have no doubt that my colleague
would have had it in his charges, and for that he
would have asked that I be driven, dishonored,
disgraced from the Senate because I was disloyal;
but when he and his Union friends do it, it is all
right. They are to receive the plaudits, I sup-
pose, of a grateful people for doing that, which
if I had done he would say should stamp me with
eternal infamy. That was at an early time in this
revolution, before the war had commenced—before
a gun was fired, when the flag of the Union still
waved over Fort Sumter—even at that early day
my colleague had a condition in his unionism.
In the resolution just read, my colleague and
his friends declare their intention and purpose, if
the disorganization of the Union is not arrested
to break up the old Union and to form a new one
So far from being unconditional Union men, they
distinctly avow their intention, in a certain con-
tingency, which is set forth m the resolution, to
form a new Union. They were for abandoning
the old Union before a gun had been fired in its
defense. The disorganization of which they spoke
has not been arrested. The Crittenden amend-
ments have been adopted by no States. With a
full knowledge of these facts, my colleague yester-
day distinctly told the Senate that he had always
been an unconditional Union man. 1 will make
110 comments upon his sincerity or consistency;
let the facts speak for themselves.
These distinguished gentlemen said further in
their resolutions:
" Resolved, That we deplore the existence of a Union to
be hcM together by the word, Willi laws to be enfoiced by
standing aimics. It i-s not rmcli a Union as oui fathers in-
tended, and not worth preativmg."'
That was the language of the Bell men and the
Douglas men in Louisville in mass meeting. Yet
the gentleman arraigns me for opposing coercion.
They pronounced themselves against any such
thing, and said that a Union held together by force
was "not worth preserving. He has introduced
some resolutions in his charges against coercion,
passed by political meetings attended by me, and
asks that 1 be driven from the Senate because I
advocated them and was opposed to coercion.
My colleague has been very eulogistic of himself
and the Union party of Kentucky; and he asks
my condemnation and expulsion from the Senate
for advocating the very principle set forth m the
resolution last read, which was passed unani-
mously in mass meeting by himself and friends.
What" think you, Senators, of my colleague's
sense of justice ?
I introduce these matters for the purpose ot
showing what was the public mind of Kentucky.
When 1 was uiging the integrity of the Union,
and not intimatnig'that in any contingency I was
for dissolution, my colleague and his tiicnds were
engaged in mass meeting, sending forth to the
eountiy and to the world resolutions that if the
States did not take the Crittenden amendments,
they were for uniting only the States that would
adopt them, with power to admit new Slates,and
mining the States that would not adopt the Crit-
tenden"amendments out of the Union. 1 am sorry
inv colleague did not think of these tilings when
hJ was arraigning me for disloyalty to the Union.
1 now ask the indulgence of the Senate while 1 i
show by the resolutions of the Union men of Ken-
tucky, by their addiesses, and by their legislative
resolves, tii.it thev were in favor of neutrality,
that they did approve the action of Governor Ma- :
"offin in refusing troops in obedience to the call
of the President: I hold in my hand the Louis-
ville Demoeiat of the 19th of April last, containing
the proceedings of a Union meeting held in the
city of Louisville on the previous evening. It is
headed:
" Great meeting. Kentucky to stand neutral In the Union.
Hands off on both sides. Five thousand Union men. Elo-
quent speeches by Hon, James Guthrie,Ex-Senator Dixon,
Hon. John Young Brown, and Judge Bullock. Resolutions
worthy of Kentucky.'5
I will read to the Senate some of the resolutions
of this meeting: and I will hand to the reporter, to
be published as an appendix to my speech, the
whole resolutions and proceedingsof the meetings
to which I may allude, this among others, because
I wish to make a record of them that the people
of Kentucky may in after time know who it was
that inaugurated neutrality, and who it was that
stood upon it, and who it was that abandoned it.
The meeting was organized by calling Judge Pir-
tle to the chair.
" Hon. Nat Wolfe moved the appointment of a commit-
tee on resolutions, and the following gentlemen wcie ac-
cordingly appointed todiaft resolutions expressive of the
sentiments and sense of the meeting Nat. Wolfe, Lovel
ltosseau, [now Genetal Rosseau,] Joseph Speed, G. A.
Houghton, J- H. Harney, [the editoi of the Louisville Dem-
oeiat,] and Judge Bullock."
The committee reported a seiies of resolutions,
from which I will read a few extracts:
"3. That as we oppose the call of the President for vol-
unteers for the purpose of coercing the seceded States, so
wc oppose the mising of troops m this State to coopciate
with the southern confederacy." * * * *
6. That the present duty of Kentucky is to maintain
her present independent position, taking sides not with
the Admiuistiation nor with the sccedmg States, but with
the Union against them both, deelaung her soil to be sacicd
ftom the hostile tread of either, and if necessary, to make
the declaiation good with her strong light aim."
That was the meeting which inaugurated neu-
trality. The gentleman censures the resolutions
of the meeting at which I was present, held after-
wards, because they said that if the forces of either
belligerent came upon the State, they should be
expelled. Here the Union men of Louisville, at
the very time they inaugurated neutrality, de-
clared that they would makeitgood by the strong
right arm. What did that mean? That they would
maintain the neutrality by force, if needs be. It
meant nothing else. I will read another resolu-
tion of that meeting:
"7. That to the end Kentucky may he fully prepared for
any contingency, we would have her aim herself thor-
oughly, at the earliest practicable moment, by legular legal
action."
Yes, they wished to have the State armed for
the purpose of maintaining her neutrality by their
good right arms. Now, let me read a few extracts
from the speeches delivered before that meeting.
Hon. James Guthrie addressed the meeting. He
said:
"Now, in the action of the southern confederacy and
that of Mi. Lincoln, the friends of both patties lind ex-
cuses foi them ; but when it was the peace of the country
and the living it fiom wai and bloodshed, then there should
have been no mtei ferencc ot etiquette to prevent such a
<U cartful calamity. Kentucky spoke a-5 her statesmen have
alwavs spoken, of conciliation, peace, harmony, and a
final"settlement. But wai has been maugutated. Foit
Sumter has fallen. The PieMdent has issued a pioclama-
tion calling for seventy-five thousand men ; but he has not
told us what he is going to do with them. Is he going to
retake FoitSumtet? Is he going to defend Foit Pickens?
If so, why does lie congtegatc them at Washington?"
"I want Kentucky to take her stand foi peace, and np
peal to that stili, small voice 111 the Noith ciying tor peace.
There ate leJigiou*. men from habit, education, and horn
proffv^ion, whose InuiN, when Kentucky cal's for peace,
will be teached, and who.-e voice will leach the powets
that be, and we will have peace ''
* , A *• * * r -K * *
" We have a>ked the South to stay their hands?, for we
lind a gieat ^tnk«* in tins Government, and they have not.
We plead with Lincoln foi peace, and have not been heaik-
ened to Shall we be hearkened to m the dm ot arms ?
Thete will be a time when Kentucky'* voice, if she stands
firm on hei own j-oil, fighting with neither section will be
hc.ud bv millions- ot people of the free States who will
heatken to tb and say. ' Why should theie be suite be-
tween us and you r5
"Let ih .-tand boldly and feailessiy, as is characteristic
of Kentuekians, and ciy peace! Hold fa t to that we know
to be good, and let tho>e men who want to make theexpet-
iment of seoe«*ton so as individual amateurs, ami find con-
genial ■'pint-" tor their work."
" If the Notth conies to lavage out land, we will meet
them as Kimtuckiansa'wavs meet then !ot>. We will meet
them as Kentuekians -should meet them, -o long as there if
a tree tor a foitifleauon 01 a foot of land tor a fieeman to
stand upon."
You see thatMr. Guthrie, who is a Union man,
and who in that speech expressed his devotion to
the Union, declared himself in favor of neutrality.
In tl^ resolutions of that meeting they declared
their ardent -attachment to the Union, but were
still in favor of neutrality, and of maintaining it
with their own right arm. Governor Dixon also
made a speech at that meeting, from which I shall
read a brief extract:
" We do not mean to submit to Linqoln. He has com-
manded us to send troops. We sent word that Kentucky
will not do it- Will he compel us? Let him not dare it.
Let him not rouse the sleeping lioness of the border States.
She sleeps now, still and quiet, but it is not from lack of
strength, courage, or power. She waits for the assault.
Let it come, and roused she will crush the power that as-
sails, and drag Mr. Lincoln from his high place. Can he
make Kentucky help him kill ? He has a right to demand
troops, and he did. Glendower could, as he said, eail spirits
from the vasty deep, but would they come when they were
called ? Will the tioops fiom Kentucky come at his call?
No; they will never lend themselves to such a cause.
"But Kentucky will stand firm with her sister border
States in the center of the Republic, to calm the distracted
sections. This is her true position, and in it she saves the
Union and frowns down Secession."
There is certainly nothing in the resolutions
read by my colleague more pointed than these
resolutions of the first meeting in Kentucky that
inaugurated neutrality—a Union meeting. I will
next read an extract from the address of the Union
central committee to the people of Kentucky,
issued on the 17th of April:
"The alliance between party spirit and the sectional
question of slavery has at length produced the legitimate
fruit of such a combination. Disunion and war are upon
the land. No Anther letrospect is necessaiy for the pur-
poses of this Imef address. The past is undeistood. We
here propose to touch alone upon the piesentand the future.
" A condition of hostilities, as is known, exists between
the seceding States and the national Government, spring-
ing immediately from the seizure by the former of one of the
national foite. The, President, in view of this seizure, and
of the kindred acts committed pieviously by the seceding
States, and of the secession out of which the acts have
grown, has published a proclamation calJiusforih the mili-
tia of the several States of the Union to suppress what he
describes as 1 combinations too powerful to be suppressed
in the oidinary way,5 and to {execute the laws,' appealing
at the same time to { all loyal citizens to facilitate and aid
this offoit to maintain the laws and the integrity of the na-
tional Union and the perpetuity of populai governments,
and ledress wrongs that have long been enduied.' Ken-
tucky, through her Executive, has already, we understand,
responded to this appeal. She has refused to comply with
it. And m tin* lefusal she ha* acted as became her. We
approve the ? cspouse of the Executiie of the Commonwealth,
line othei appeal now demands a response fiom Kentucky.
"The Government of the Union has appealed to her to
furnish men to suppress the revolutionary combinations In
the cotton States. She has refused ; she has most wisely
and justly refused. Seditious leaders in the midst of us
now appeal to her to furnish men to uphold those combina-
tion?. auauist the Government und the Union. Will she
comply with this appeal ? Ought she to comply with it?
We answer, with emphasis, no.
u If a conviction that the policy of coercion is wild and
suicidal, promising only to deluge the land in blood and dis-
solve the Union iuetrievahly in theciim*on tide, isa good
leason, as it is-, foi Kentucky to withhold her countenance
and aid from the clibit or' the Government to suppress by
fotce the icvolutionaiy combinations of the Gulf, sutely her
allegiance, undimmed as yet by a solitary blur, her own
soveieign interest, and the all but equal interest of the com-
batants themselves in the maintenance of her present inde-
pendent lelations towaid* both of them, and finally, the
sacred and ovet-archimz interest of the national peace and
of the national life, are good reason*, nay, unanswerable
and decisive ones, for Kentucky, as the case now presents
itself, to dcclinetodiaw the sword in behalfof the seceding
States against the Government of the Union."
There they denounce the doctrine of coercion
as " wild and suicidal:" yet my colleague arraigns
me most fiercely upon an extract he read from a
speech of mine m the Senate, in which I opposed
the war and opposed the whole policy of coercion.
For that, forsooth, he says I should be driven
from the Senate, though in the very extract he
read there was coupled with that, the declaration
thai I opposed coercion because I thought it would
lead to permanent disunion, that I was for the
Union, and i believed coercion would destroy it.
It was my love of Union that caused me to oppose
coercion, as ! distinctly stated. Here the Union
central committee concur with me, and yet my
collea guo eulogizes them and condemns me. is
n because I am a Democrat, and have been a
Breekinudge Democrat? I trust my colleague is
, not so prejudiced as to suppose that that which
is good m others is bad in me; but that is the logic
! of his position. In this address, the Union cen-
tral committee say further:
! The present duty of Kentuckv is to maintain her pres-
ent independent position, taking sides not with the Gov-
ernment and not with the seceding States, but with the
Union against them both, declaring her soil to be &>acred
; from the hostile tread of either, and, if necessary, make the
' declaration good with her strong right arm. And to the end
