1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Why, sir, the whole country will be swamped
and deluged by taxation, without the double tax
of having an exodus of four millions of blacks so
fluently talked of in this Chamber.
Why, do not these extreme gentlemen know
that they arc, in some part, responsible for this war?
Does my colleague, fiom Cleveland, want me to
prove it by his own speech i They are only fight-
ing what we advised them would come by their
actjon. We Democrats, with McClellan at our
head, are now helping them; and how are we met
by these ingrates? No, they are not fighting it;
but they think they are moving the wheels, when
they only sit on the axle and buzz their murmurs
about McClellan and the forces which move the
chariot of war.
What good comes of this sort of debate here
and now? Talk about milking a he-goat in a
sieve—and it is sense to this.
Now, there is a little smack of propriety in this
latter idea; but what can we say of this exhibition
in a deliberative body, whose only duty is to in-
crease the Army and the revenue; discussing the
disposition of the slaves before we get them, and
the movements of General McClellan, with the
blankest incapacity to understand them. It is too
ridiculous for serious controversy. It can only be
ridiculed. Yet we have these civil warriors, whose
only fight is logomachy, barking at General Mc-
Clellan; and for what? Because he does not pro-
claim liberty throughout all the land and to all the
inhabitants thereof. Ah, there is the trouble ! Can
you wonder that Wendell Phillips, whose speeches
are hailed so raptur&isly by this class, declared
that he should deplore a victory by McClellan, be-
cause the sore would be salved over, and it would
only be the victory of a slave Union; and that he
thanked Beauregard for marshaling his army be-
fore Washington, because it conferred upon Con-
gress the constitutional power to abolish slavery?
Nor would I wonder to see my colleague from the
Cleveland district, who lectured us on our duty
to the Union upon the slavery question, rehears-
ing again his contempt for the Union, which he
expressed in his printed speech made at Cleve-
land on tb.c day of John Brown's obsequies, when
he said that no purer spirit than John Brown's
had ever entered Paradise for the past thousand
years; and that he would rend the Union to de-
stroy slavery, though hedged round by the triple
bars of the national compact, and though thirty-
three crowned sovereigns with arms in their hands
stand around if!
I wish these masters of the art of war, who
quote so inappositely and irreverently Joshua's
writings, but forget how he won his battles, whose
knowledge of Agamemnon and Achilles is purely
poetic, would study some of the useful axioms of
Hieroeles,and would just go to sleep before a look-
ing-glass to see how handsome they look with
their eyes shut and their mouths closed. The
country would have a jubilee over their silence
only second to that which greeted the outgoing of
the Life Secretary of War!
I did intend, Mr. Chairman, to review some of
the bills introduced here for confiscation and eman-
cipation, and to discuss their feasibility and con-
stitutionality But I am glad to announce to the
country that there is no hope of such suicidal le-
gislation passing the present Congress. Thafun-
nouncement, which the opinions here justify, will
give relief to our Army and to the Union men
everywhere.
One of the bills of this black botch pretends to
strike out the State of Florida. This bill has the
paternity of my colleague, [Mr. Gurley.] It is
a part of his military plan. While striking for
the Union and the flag, with every star on its folds,
he would blot out the Statehood of Florida. He
would have its everglades and swamps devoted
to the business of negro apprenticeship, with the
Fed'.'ial agents for ta*kmasters, and the Republic
as a cotton producer and speculator. Here is the
spot where my colleague would imparadise the
African. He would have a Federal master watch
the negro apprentice, and see to it that he pro-
duced a living from that soil, where dying is so
much easier. He would have us drop down the
little pickaninnies amidst the haunts of the alliga-
tor. H'-thinks he sees here an opening for the rising
generations of colored children; knowing, as my
colleague does, that they will all be saved in the
other wot Id, he is willing to risk their sudden dis-
appearance here. T can well imagine the holy
horror which will pervade the infantile African
mind when it comes to understand the confiscat-
ing character of my colleague's bill. I can well
understand how the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Campbell] must have startled the people of
his State by his proposition to hang alltne public
plunderers, and thus depopulate so terribly his
own State. But that was humanity compared to
this scheme of my colleague, which is only paral-
leled in Dean Swift's plan to get rid of Irish chil-
dren by eating them. Suicidal absurdity can go
no further than this! All such schemes are in
derogation of our whole system of polity. Their
authors seem to be bent on prying away mount-
ains of granite with levers of straw!
Such schemes as are here discussed will do no
good to the blacks nor the whites, unless a scheme
of forced expatriation be at once started; and that
isattendedwith formidable obstacles. The North
will become in turn the worse than masters of the
slaves. For very self-protection, and to prevent
such a ruinous and adulterous mixture ofsocicty,
the North will rise to drive the freed blacks from
their soil. Interest, which is stronger in society, in
the end, than philanthrophy, will issue its edict of
expatriation, and no good will accrue to the black
or white. If you would barbarize the war, undig*
nify its object, and, indeed, make it a failure in
every sense, you may follow the impractical
schemes of New England politics, and their neo-
phytes in the country.
These emancipation schemes will divide the
North, and create new dissention and rebellion in
the border States It will paraxyze the efforts of
the Army, and make cold and indifferent the now
ardentand anxious friends of the Union. Already
we have seen that Fremont became the recruiting
officer of Price, and such camp followers as the
member from Illinois, whose speeches are quoted
in southern papers, helped to give aid and comfort
to secession. This division of the Noith now,
when all are united by State legislation and Fed-
eral action to defend our flag and sovereignty,
would utterly destroy every hope which has
buoyed us in this great conflict.
It would be an act of fraud on the soldiers and
officers of the grand Army of the Republic. They
were called out by a proclamation of the 3d of
May, whose preamble reads thus:
"Whereas the existing-exigencics demand immediate
and adequate moasuios lor tho protection of the national
Constitution, and the piesoivation of the national Union, by
the suppression of the msuriectionary combinations now
existing in several States foi opposing the laws of the Union
and obstructing the evocation thereof, to which end a mil-
itary foice, m addition to that called forth by my proclama-
tion of the 15th day of Apnl.in the present year,appears to
be indispensably necessary."
The invocation to the soldiers called forth is as
follows:
11 In the mean lime I earne«tlv invoke the cooperation of
all good citizens in the mea-ures heieby adopted tor the
effectual suppression oi unlawful violence, for the impartial
enforcement of constitutional laws, and foi the speediest
possible lebtoration of peace and order, and with these, of
happiness and pios.peuty thioughout our country."
The first law of the extra session, passed July
13, 1861, provided for an army to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions. The Crittenden resolutions were
an cxpiicit avowal of the only and legitimate ob-
ject of this war. (House Journal of last session,
p. 129.) They said:
u In tins national emergency we would bani>h ail feel-
ing of mere passion or resentment; and would iceollect
only our dutif to the vsholc country; and that this war wa^
tiotwascd upon oui p.irt in any ^paitof oppression, nor for
any purpose of conquest or subjugation ? 1101 lor the pur-
pose of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or estab-
lished institutions of the States; but to maintain the suprem
acy of the Constitution and preserve the Union, with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired.''
To divert it now into a warfare against the in-
stitution of slavery will be to make it the " violent
and remorseless revolutionary struggle" which
the President fears. Besides, it would make it a
gigantic swindle upon the people, upon our votes
for taxes, <>nd upon the soldiers who imperil their
lives m defense of the Union and its authority.
It would be a fraud only measured, if not exceeded
in atrocity, by the rebellion. The only object, if
such a war issucccssful, which would be attained,
would be the utter annihilation of the Union; pet-
haps worse, the destruction of the Government
remaining in the fragmentary Union.
This was not the understanding of a large party
i in tlua country who rallied at the call of Douglas.
He most distinctly disavowed such an object. He
would not by a Federal army, any more than by
a Federal Congress, interfere with State laws and;
institutions. So he declared over and over again.*
This forum is no place for its discussion, much
less for its enactment. If the State Legislatures,
in their sovereign will, choose to do this, it is for
them, not for us. We have no>ight; and it is
none of our business to make the Federal Gov-
ernment a moral reform society. This attempt
has broken the Union; and the continuance of the
effort will widen the breach until the separation
is everlasting
As most of our ills come by slavery discussions
and laws, why may we not now pause ? Why do
not gentlemen on the other side, who have now
before them the results of this most troublesome
agitation, cease their clamor? Those who keep it
up are disunionists. Their talk is treason. They
deserve a traitor's fate as much as Davis or Wig-
fall. Is it notenough that a million of men are em-
ployed in violence and bloodshed; not enough that
our trade and commerce are paralyzed; that our
revenue has fallen off over $32,000,000; that by
1863 our national debt, as estimated by Mr. Chase,
will be $897,372,802; not enough that we are to
pledge §150,000,000 this year of taxation to meet
interest and expenses; not enough that my own
State pays one tenth of this; is it not enough that
our currency is to be vitiated, and bankruptcy to
overwhelm us; not enough that our highways are
cl6sed, our flag insulted, our sovereignty deridedr
our whole nationality in peril; not enough that a>
dictator is openly threatened; not enough that it
is declared here that the Constitution shall be
j overslaughed, on the plea of necessity; that all its
limitations shall be overleaped, ruthlessly and
aimlessly? Are we to have added the horrors of
an endless war of hate; the hopelessness of all
reconciliation; the prospect and fact of a divided
North; the burdens of a taxation only equaled
by the monarchies of Europe? Heaven forbid t
If God in his mercy would strike down, not only
politically but physically, the marplots who are
warring on their own Administration and Gov-
ernment, it would indeed be a blessing compared
with this prospect!
We may differ here about our interior govern-
ment; we may have our parties of Administration?
and opposition. These differences of opinion are
privileges of constitutional sanction and individual
conscience. Matters may go on in our Govern-
ment as to which we may have a sad and painful
reticence, and as to which we may withhold our
denunciation out of regard to the common weal-
Even patriotism may for a time be silent in the
eclipses of a mismanaged administration of a good-
Government. The national feeling may still be
paramount, and all may go well. Thousands of
our people now regard with dampened spirit and
sad silence the condition of our country; and they
are almost dismayed by our terrible present and
still unpropifious future; yet not altogether de-
spairing, but seeking in the unity of the people*
yet loyal, the hope of restoration. They will be
patient in paying taxes, in trusting our com-
manders and rulers, in giving their sons to the
war and their daughters to the labors of benefi-
cence.
But what shall be this sad yet undismayed pa-
triotism, if the hopes of Union are to be quenched
by this persistent and unreasoning fanaticism?
Are not such schemes fraught with the very vital
and permanent principle of mischief? If so, will
not the very essence of national existence be irre-
coverably lost by their success? We shall lose
our place among the nations, our relative impor-
tance o*n the globe, our physical independence,
our weight in the equilibrium of powers, our fron-
tiers, alliances, and geography. These make up
the immortality of a nation. They are above the
changes of administrations and outlive dynasties.
He who remains silent when such interests are at
stake is treacherous to his land and to his God.
It is in this most vital point that these move-
ments here in Congress, which are the continua-
tion of Fremont's contumacious fanaticism, will
do their mischief. To succeed in its bad schemes
it undermines the young general in command,
derides the movements of the Army, creates im-
patience, distrust, and coldness, and will rejoice
m our ruin. On behalf of the tax-payer, the sol-
dier, the citizen, the patriot, the section I repre-
sent, and the very physical and moral relations of
