1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2555
this very handsome and fair statement of some
"points of this case:
By section eighty-one of the tax bill, as reported to the
Senate, a tax of liiree per cent, is levied 011 the dividends
made by insurance companies."
That is, a tax of three per cent, on all that is
received from the capital investment:
 < By section eighty-three a further tax of three per cent,
is levied upon the gross receipts of the companies.55
" By the stamp duties (or dunes on policies, checks, &c.,)
a further suin, large in the aggregate, is exacted."
" The second item—tax on gross receipts—the under-
writers feel to be oppressive and unjust. It not only in-
creases the tax on their dividends (which are, in fact, their
only property,) to stx pei cent., but levies a fuitlier tax of
three per cent, upon the money paid by them for losses "
Why not as well tax three percent, on the house
burned down or the merchandise consumed by
lire, as the ship that is lost at sea? It is the same
thing cxactly.
u It would scarcely be maintained to be just to tax a mer-
chant for his cargo which never arrives. That would be
pronounced a levying a tubutefrom mi&foitunc; yet this
section does demand a tribute of three percent, upon ship-
wrecked propei ty."
This is a very exact and handsome statement
of an argument, and it cannot be escaped from.
Now, sir, you charge three per cent, upon every
dollar of revenue derived in the form of dividends
from investments in insurance companies.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not in this bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir; in this bill there
is a tax of three per cent, imposed on the revenue
derived from dividends. Then you charge them
three per cent, on their gross receipts per annum.
For the present year the gross receipts will be less
than what they pay out; therefore, you will tax
them the three per cent, out of the capital of the
companies this year. They will not receive as
much as they will be compelled to disburse—I
mean as a body, and you must treat them in the
aggregate. The heavy losses by fire will be more
than equal to the receipts of this year, and you
will tax them three per cent, on their gross re-
ceipts. Now, taking last year, a tax of three per
cent, on their gross receipts would be twenty per
cent, on the entire dividends of fire companies;
and there would be a tax of twenty-three per cent,
on the entire revenue to be derived from fire in-
surance companies.
I have said here from the first, and I say again,
that the whole tax upon insurance is wrong, for it
is a tax upon a tax for protection. We are taxed
so much for protection against fire, againststorms,
and the accidents of the sea; it is a tax we have
to pay for safety; and then the Government adds
an additional tax for the protection of her laws,
not on us, but on the tax itself. It is wrong; and
1 say, in current years it would be a tax of twenty-
three percent, upon the income of these compa-
nies. Suppose you were to taxMr. Astor twenty-
three per cent, on his income; suppose you were
to tax any man who has houses or lands, or any
bondholders in the country twenty-three percent.;
revolution would be the result. I say, it is a tax
that cannot be maintained in any form as just or
right. I will vote for any reduction of the marine
tax or the fire tax, and I shall vote against the
entire tax whenever I get the opportunity.
If Senators will examine into the facts they will
find they are taxing marine insurance, as it was
first proposed,at from twenty-five to twenty-eight
per cent, on the revenue derived, a tax which you
charge no other person in the country; and then
you are. taxing fire insurance, in ordinary years,
from twenty to twenty-five per cent, on their rev-
enue—three per cent, on their gross receipts.
Against the gross receipts are all the risks of the
enterprise, and the risk is often greater than any
chance of profit, as this year has proved, and as
many years have proved. The city in which I
live has been swept down by fire four times, at
great loss to insurance companies and great loss
to our citizens. By this bill, calamities are to he
made the subject of taxation—a thing that ought
not to be tolerated in any intelligent part of the
world. England, reachingout with apprehensive-
nessas to her means of collecting directly from the
people, has struck at these things and has de-
rived revenuefromthem; but English wisdom has
learned better, and there is no English economist
to-day or for the last twenty years that would
justify any of these taxes; they are repudiated.
'The opinion of all economists has been against
these taxes, and they have pronounced them un-
sound and against public policy. Every one who
has read modern authority on the subject knows
this.
I shall vote, of course, for the least amount of
tax, and then, if I have a chance, for no tax at all.
Youcannotimposeataxontheirgross receipts. A
tax of three per cent, on their dividends is enough,
and I will not object to that; it is in the philoso-
phy of the bill; but a tax on the gross receipts,
which arc to pay for losses, would be an outrage
that would drive business of this kind out of our
country. Gentlemen speak about none of this fire
insurance business being done abroad. Most of
the policies in my part of the country are obtained
at Hamburg, Liverpool, and London. There is
a strong competition in the business, as there is in
marine insurance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have their agents
there.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They have agents in my
State, but the policies for fire insurance are ob-
tained abroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they have agencies,
the tax applies to them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I know many of them
are obtained at Hamburg, and other foreign places,
and nearly all of them would be, if this bill should
pass. We have a large trade and large trading
houses connected with those places, and it is very
convenient for us to obtain our fire insurance
abroad. We pay about three millions of dollars
per annum for insurance abroad out of San Fran-
cisco now. A tax that would drive what little
insurance business we have in our country to for-
eign countries is against all sound policy. So far
as San Francisco alone is concerned, it will make
a difference of about thrSe millions of dollars per
annum to the country.
Mr. DAY1S. I have listened to this discus-
sion, and 1 am perfectly satisfied in my own mind
that the rate of taxation upon insurance, both
marine and fire, is too high. I think the propo-
sition of the Senator from Connecticut, to impose
a tax of one per cent, on the gross receipts, a very
fair one, and I think that would yield more rev-
enue than the proposed tax of three per cent, on
the net receipts. My only doubt is whether the
whole subject ought to be taxed any or not. Iam
a good deal inclined to believe that it ought not
to be taxed; but I am willing myself, so far as my
vote is concerned, to accept the proposition of the
Senator from Connecticut, and shall vote for it.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to say a word or two
about this subject of marine insurance in addition
to what was said by the chairman of the commit-
tee and my colleague. It seems to me that, be-
sides being unjust and therefore unwise, there is
really a radical difficulty in imposing the tax.
The marine insurance companies of the city of
New York are, without exception, mutual com-
panies. They are all organized on the mutual
principle. The greater the losses of such com-
panies, the greater will be the amount of the tax.
That is inconsistent; it is unjust. According to
the letter just read by the Senator from Maine,
twenty-four and a half per cent, of all the gross
receipts of all the marine companies in the city of
New York last year would be required to pay the
tax imposed by this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, how many merchants he supposes there
are in the city of New York whose business re-
turns, if they were exhibited to us for that year,
would present a more favorable exhibit than that
balance sheet of the insurance companies?
Mr. HARRIS. Probably not many.
Mr. GRIMES. Or of the manufacturers of
the country?
Mr. HARRIS. Probably not many.
Mr. GRIMES. Or of any class?
Mr. HARRIS. If you taxed the gross receipts
of the merchant, you might well tax the gross re-
ceipts of an insurance company; but you do not
do that.
Mr. GRIMES. But we tax the gross receipts
of the manufacturer.
Mr. HARRIS. No; you tax the article itself
that goes into the market.
Mr. GRIMES. It amounts to the same thing.
Mr. HARRIS. But there is no tax but this on
the gross receipts of an individual or a corpora-
tion. What do you tax in reference to oanks.
Three per cent, on their dividends. Why tax
insurance companies in a different mode from
what you do banks? Why not tax them on their
earnings? Take the case of these mutual insuiv
ance companies: they pay in just enough to pay
their expenses and their losses.
Mr. GRIMES. Are they fire companies?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir. Joint stock com-
panies make money.
Mr. GRIMES. A great many fire companies*
in New York are managed on the same principle.
Mr. HARRIS. Scarcelyany. Theyarenearly
all stock companies.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 know of three myself,^per-
sonally. After paying the stockholders six per
cent., they divide the excess among the insured.
Mr. HARRIS. I know there is quite a variety
in the mode of organizing these companies, But
they are all mutual.
There is another difficulty about this which has
not been adverted to. A great deal of the insur-
ance made by these marine insurance companies
is reinsured. This bill would impose a double
and sometimes a treble tax; for example, here is
a merchant sending his ship and cargo to sea; he
wants an insurance upon it; he goes to the At-
lantic Insurance Company, the largest in the
United States, and says, " I want a policy of
$200,000 on my ship and cargo;" he is a customer
of that company, and they give him the policy;
but $200,000 is too large a risk for that company
to take upon that one vessel and cargo; the com-
pany have given him his policy, and they go at
once to the " Sun," or the " Great Western," or
some other insurance company, and effect a re-
insurance for $50,000 in this one and $25,000 in
another. By and by those insurance companies
again feel they have got too large a risk, and they
will go and reinsure.
The operation of this tax, as it is in this bill,
would be to take three per cent, on the first insur-
ance, three per cent, on the reinsurance, and three
per cent, on the re-reinsurance, and so on.
It is inconsistent with the mode of doing busi-
ness, and is going to operate very harshly upon
those companies It seems to me very unjust in
principle that we should tax companies of this
kind, where the tax will increase just in propor-
tion as the losses increase. That is all you can
make of it in reference to these mutual insurance
companies. The more ihey lose the more they
will be taxed. It is wrong. It is unjust.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If they are not taxed upon
their gross receipts, I apprehend we shall not get
any tax out of them at all; for when you come to
send your assessor to any of these insurance com-
panies to inquire as to whether they make any
profits or not, how can they know ? They do not
know but this year is going to be a year of loss;
and when they come to state on oath what their
profits are, they will state " nothing at all;" for
they do not know whether they are going to win
or lose. This whole insurance business is a kind
of gambling operation anyhow; and I have some-
times, on moral and other grounds, doubted the
policy of encouraging anything in this system of
insurance, but let every man be the insurer of his
own property, and trust to' the winds, the waves,
or the elements. However, I shall not go into a
discussion of that question.
I apprehend if you let go of the provision in
the bill which will make them pay something on
their gross receipts, you will get just nothing at
all; because they cannot estimate their profits; it
is with them an uncertain kind of risk, and it is
impossible to estimate it. I do not wish to be
oppressive upon insurance companies; but I wish
to put a fair tax upon them. They tax those
people who get insurance. It is a kind of volun-
tary tax, like the tax under all tariffs, where men
voluntarily pay it. If they do not want the goods,
they do not buy them; if they do want the goods,
they buy them, and in buying the goods they pay
the tax in the price; and it is just so with these
insurance offices. The companies will charge it
over substantially .to the party who desires to
be insured. It is rather an easy mode of arriving
at the collection of the tax. I prefer that the tax
should remain on the specific amount of the gross
receipts, rather than leave it to the entire uncer-
tainty of the amount of profits.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call attention
to the operation of the bill, as it stands, on our
mutual fire insurance companies, common in the
country. It provides that there shall be paid three
per cent., I believe, or a certain per cent, on all
the assessments. Now, sir, these mutual insur-
