1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hi
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Poivdl,
Senate.
that she may he luiiy prepared for this last contingency we
would have her arm herself thoroughly at the earliest prac-
tical moment.
"What the future duty of Kentucky may be, we, of
course, cannot with certainty foresee, hut if the enterprise
announced in the proclamation of the President should at
anytime hereaftei assume tiie aspect of a war for the over-
runningand subjugation of the seceding States through the
lull assertion therein of the national jurisdiction by a stand-
ing military force, we do not hesitate to sav that Kentucky
should promptly unsheathe her sword in behalf of what will
have then becomc her common cause."
The Union central committee were not uncon-
ditionally for the Union,it seems, any more than
my colleague and his committee were on the 8th
of January previous:
" Such an event, if it should occur, of which we confess
there does not appeal to be a rational probability, could
have but one meaning—a meaning which a people jealous
of their liberty would be keen to detect, and which a people
worthy of hbeity would be prompt and fearless to resist.
When Kentucky detects this meaning m the action of the
Government, she ought, without counting the co*>t,to ta£e
up arms at once against the Government. Until the does
detect this meaning, she ought to hold heiself independent
of both sides, and compel both sides to respect the inviola-
bility of her soil."
That address of the Union central committee
was signed by J. PI. Harney, W. P. Bullock, G.
D. Prentice, (editor of the Louisville Journal,)
Jarpcs Speed, (now a distinguished member of
the Senate of Kentucky,) Charles Ripley, W. P.
Boone, P. Tompcrt, H. Pope, Nat. Wolfe, and
L. E. Harvie. Certainly nothing the Senator has
produced from me is stronger or more pointed
than this address of the Union committee; and yet
he eulogizes the conduct of his Union friends and
censures mine most severely.
I have shown you, Senators, what was the
atcion of the Union party of Kentucky, by their
resolutions and addresses and speeches. Now,
allow me to show you their action in the Kentucky
Legislature. I wish the dates to be borne in mind,
and in the end you will sec whether I misrepre-
sented the wishes of the people of Kentucky or
not. On the 22d of January, 1861, the lower
House of the Kentucky Legislature passed these
resolutions:
si Resolved by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That this General Assembly has heard with
profound regiet of the resolutions recently adopted bv the
States of New Yoik, Ohio, Maine, and Massaelu^etts. tend-
eiingmen and money to the President of the United States,
to be used in coercing sovereign States of the South into
obedience to the federal Government.
" Resolved, That this Genctal Assembly receives the ac-
tion ot the Legislatures of New Yoik, Ohio, Maine, and
Massachusetts as the indication of a purpose upon the part
of the people of those States to further complicate existing
difficulties by forcing the people of the South to the ex-
tremity of submission or resistance; and bo regarding it,
the Governor of the Stale of Kentucky is hciehy requested
to inform the Executives of each of said States that it is the
opinion of this General Assembly that whenever the au-
thorities of tlie.->e States shall send armed forces to the South
for the puiposc indicated in said lesolutions, the people ot
Kentucky, uniting with their brethren of the South, will,
as one man, resist such invasion of the r>oil of the South,
at all hazaids and to the la>t extremity."
The first of these resolutions was adopted by
a vote of yeas 02, nays 0; and the second by a vote
of yeas 87, nays 6. My colleague may say that
this was before the present Legislature was elected;
butallow me to tell him that Mr. Nat. Wolfe, Mr.
Buckncr, the present Speaker, and many other
Union men in that Legislature, who voted for the
resolutions, are in the piesent Legislature. Then
they passed a resolution recommending the call-
ing of a. national convention, and a resolution
appointing commissioners to the peace confer-
ence. The resolutions T first read only passed
one House; but the following resolutions were
passed by both Houses, and approved by the
Governor on the 11th of February, 1861:
" Resolved by the General *4s<;emhlyoft/ir Commonwealth
of Kentucky. That the people of Kentucky view, with the
most lively apprehension, the dangeis that now enviion the
Union and Uneaten its perpetuity.
"Resolved, That we appeal to our southern biethren to
stay the work of sece^ioii—to teturn and make one mighty
efioit to peipetuate the noble work ol our forefathcis, hal-
lowed by tin- iccolleetion of a thousand noble deeds.
Resolved, That we piotest against the use of force oi
coercion by the General Govemmenl against the seceding
States, as unwise and inexpedient, and tending to the de-
struction of our common counfiy,"
There is a resolve, passed by both Houses of
the Legislature and approved by the Governor,
against coercion as pointedly as any sentiment I
ever uttered in this Hall or elsewhere. That was
passed, you will remember, February 11, 1861.
The next resolution is in favor of the call of a
national convention to settle our difficulties.
Then in April the ^ Legislature passed an act to
provide for the election of delegates to the border
State convention to be held at Frankfort.
Now, I will bring the record down to May, 1863.
That was after the President had issued his proc-
lamation. On the 16th of May the Committee
on Federal Relations of the House reported the
following resolutions, which were proposed by
one of the most distinguished Union men in the
Legislature, an ex-member of this body, Judge
Underwood, and reported by the Committee on
Federal Relations:
" Considenng the deplorable condition of the country,
and for which the State of Kentucky is in no way respons-
ible, and looking to the best means of preseiving the inter-
nal peace, and securing the lives, liberty, and pioperty of
the citizens of the State* Therefoie,
"Resolved by the House of Representatives, That this State
and the citizens thereof snail take no part in the civil wai
now being waged, except as mediators and fiicnds to the
belligerent parties; and that Kentucky should, during the
contest, occupy the position of strict neutrality; and your
committee unanimously recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions."
There, sir, they take the position of "strict
neutrality." What is strict neutrality? It is that
you will stand indifferent; that you will furnish
no aid of any kind whatsoever to either of the bel-
ligerent parties. That is the meaning of it, and
that is all it can mean:
" Resolved, That the act of the Governor in refusing to
furnish tioops or military force upon the callof the execu-
tive authoiity of the United States, undei exiting circum-
stances. is approved."
Yes, sir, the Kentucky Legislature, in May,
after the issuing of the President's proclamation,
resolved to stand upon the doctrine of strict neu-
trality, and they approved of the action of the
Governor of the Commonwealth in refusing to
send troops upon the call of the Piesident. The
first of those resolutions was adopted by a vote
of 69 yeas to 26 nays, and the second by a vote
of 89 yeas to 4 nays. Out of the whole body there
were but four who did not vote to approve the act
of the Governor in refusing troops to the Presi-
dent.
Well, sir, the above series of resolutions were
adopted by the lower House of the Kentucky Le-
gislature. The Senate, on the 24th of May, 1801,
passed the following lcsuludons by a vote of 13
yeas to 9 nays, enunciating similar doctrine in
different words:
" Whereas, there exists a civil war between the na-
tional Government and the seceded States, which Ken-
tucky deeply deplores; a war she had no voice in creating,
and in which she has hitherto refused to take pan, and she
nowiefuses. 13eing a part of the national Government,
in the enjoyment of its benefits—such as mail facilities,
national hospitals, Fcdeia) com Is, piotection at home ami
abroad, a garrison paid out of the national Treasury, info
which she is paying revenue—and having a representa-
tion in (Jongie^s, Kentucky ought, at least, to lemnjn neu-
tral till the end of the controversy; neither hindering the
national Government in the exeieise of its authoiity, nor
furnishing men, as a State, to either of the bcihgoients;
nor asking aid fiom cither to maintain her position; sin;
will, all the tune, Iv ready and nnYious to mediate between
the belligerents, and will be piofoundly happy, should she
be able to reconcile the contending parties, and airest the
shedding of fraternal blood by fiatemal hand.-. With thi^
position, Kentucky is willing to go before the civilized
woild, and let her conduct pass into history„and await the
candid and calm judgment of Inline and disinterested gen-
erations. Being connected with the seceded States geo-
giaphically, and having the same domestic instiimion,.she
is unwillmgto take up arms against them. .Being attached
to the national Government under which the has always
lived and gieatiy prospered, and having no cau.-e foi wai
against it. she cannot take up arms tooverthiovv it. Hav-
ing, in good faith, taken tin-; position, she asked the belli-
gerents" to respect it: Theiefoie,
<k ]. Resolved hy the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. That Kentucky will not sevei her con-
nection with the national Government, nor will she take
up arms foi either of the belhgeient paitie^, but will aim
herself for the one purpose of preserving tranquillity and
peace within her own boidei^.
"2. Resolved, That Kentucky now tenders and to the
end of the war, all the time, will tender herself as media-
tor, and that she will constantly be ready to do all in her
power to bung about a just and honoiable peace.
" 3. Resoh ed, That the Governor be directed to transmit
a copy ol thefoiegomg pieamble and resolutions to the Pies-
idents of the United Urates and of the seceded Wtates, and
to the Governors of each of the thirty-four States  
Mr. President, at the extia session of Congress,
when I gave the votes and made the speeches of
which my colleague and the Kentucky Legisla-
ture complain, 1 stood here upon the platform of
Kentucky, as announced by her Union men in ]
convention, by speeches, by addresses, and by !
legislative resolves. I stood here to advocate and
did advocate the very doctrine that she said in the
most solemn and forma! manner should be advo-
cated; and for that I am to be driven from the Sen-
ate by my colleague. Was there ever in the his-
tory of a public man such an unjustifiable assault
upon him for doing that which the very party
making the assault said should have been done?
The Legislature ask me to resign for acting in
obedience to theirexpressed will; and my colleague
appears here and assumes the character of prose-
cutor in their behalf. I do not believe that the
representatives of Kentucky ever desired or dele-
gated to him the power to appear here as my pros-
ecutor—he of his own volition assumes the task.
1 hold in my hand the address of the delegates
of the border State convention to the people of
the United States. I wish to make this record
complete, for I want to make but one vindication
to the people of Kentucky. I know that when
the whole facts are known, the honest, the brave,
the true-hearted, noble men of Kentucky will sus-
tain my action. They will say that i did right,
that 1 acted in obedience to the public will of
Kentucky,and that I did not misrepresent them.
The border State convention published two ad-
dresses; one of them to the people of the United
States, signed hy J. J. Crittenden, James Guth-
rie, H. R. Gamble, W. A. Hall, J. B. Henderson,
William G. Pomeroy—the last four are from Mis-
souri—R. K. Williams, Archibald Dixon, F. M.
Bnstow, Joshua F. Bell, C. A. Wickliffe, G. W.
Dunlap, J. F. Robinson, John B. Huston, Robert
Richardson, and John Caldwell of Tennessee.
I will read an extiact from that addiess to the
people of the United States:
" Our States desire and have indicated a puiposc to take
no part in ihis win, and we believe that in this course we
will ultimately be<tserve the interests of our common coun-
try. fi ih impossible that we should be indifferent specta-
tor; we eonsidei that oui mteiests would be irretrievably
ruined hy taking pait in the conflict on the side where the
stiongest sympathies ol our people are, and that our sense
of honor and ol duty icqunes that we should not allow our-
selves to bediawn oi duven into a war m which oilier
States, without consulting us, have deliberately chosen to
involve themselves. Oui safety and our dignity, as among
the miKt powerful of the slave States, demand of us that
we take this position.
liit the time shall come when our friendly mediation
may airest the fuithci progress of the strife, oui most earn-
est and stienuous efforts shall not be wanting to bring about
peace, and it is by such efforts that we hope to serve the
iiiteie tn of our eountiy."
I shall now read a few extracts from the address
of that border State convention to the people of
Kentucky. This address is signed by John J.
Crittenden, James Guthrie, R. K. Williams,
Archibald Dixon, F. M. Bnstow, Joshua F. Bell,
C. A. Wickliffe, G. W. Dunlap, C. S. Morehead,
J. F. Robinson, John B. Huston, and Robert
Richardson—all distinguished names among Ken-
tucky politicians. Mr. Bristow and Mr. Bell are
ex-members of Congress; and Crittenden, Dun-
lap, and Wickliffe aie now my honored colleagues
in the other House; J. F. Robinson and John B.
Huston arc now distinguished membcis of the
Legislature; and Robert Richardson la at piesent
superintendent of public instruction in the State.
What do they say on this question of neutrality,
for which my colleague invokes my expulsion
from the Senate?
'•Your State, on a deliberate consideration of her re-
sponsibilities, moral, political, and social, has determined
that tiie pioper course foi hei to pursue is to take no part in
the controversy between the Government and the seceded
States but that of mediatoi and intercessor She is unw lU-
ing to take up arm* against her bt<'iiuen ic^iding either
North or South of the geographical lint' by vvhmh they arc
unhappily divided into waning sections. Thi-. course was
commended to hei by eveiy consideration ot patnotism. and
by a proper regaid loi her own hocuuty. It docs notresult
fi'om timidity; on the contraiv.it could only have been
adopted by a biave people—so brave that the least imputa-
tion on their coinage would be branded as false by their
wutten and tiaditional history.,J
Further on, they say:
" In declining to ie pond to a call made by the present
Administration ol the Government, and one that we have
reason to believe would not have been made if the Admin-
istration had been fullv advised of the ciicum-tanees by
which we were smionnded, Kentucky did not put herself
in factious opposition to hei legitimate obligations; she did
not choose to throw herself in hostile collision with the
slave States of Missouri, MaiyJand, and Delaware, which
have not seccded on the one hand, nor the slave States
which have and aie in process of secession on the other,
and shed the blood of brethren and kindred at the veiy mo-
ment when she was striving to be an apostle of poac<\ Na-
ture hei^elf revolted at the thought, andhci conduct m this
