1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
share. Cut a war must change all this. Your
intervening mountains and desert plains cut them
off from aid to repel a foreign foe. Your only
communication by water would be cut off, and
they would fall a prey to the adversary. Modern
science has furnished us the means of reversing
the lessons of history. The rapidly growing em-
pires of Asia and Europe, expanding as they fol-
lowed the wheels of a conqueror's car, arid then
breaking into fragments across mountain chains,
need not be the type of this confederacy. By
means of the iron bands of a railroad track, and
the swift moving car, we may conquerlhe obsta-
cles of nature, and bind together the continent.
Then the question presents itself, shall we share
the fate, which history points to, of all nations
which preceded us? Shall we allow our territory
to be divided? Shall we idly doze in security
"until we lose our rich Pacific possessions, or avail
ourselves of the aids of science to make our coun-
try indivisible ?
Gentlemen may say California can protect it-
self, and if it succeeds in so doing, will remain in
the Union. Sir, I will not discuss the question
whether this is a fair argument; whether a Con-
stitution that was made for the common defense
does not require us to provide means so that com-
mon defense can be secured. Neither will f at-
tempt to express any opinion upon the question
involved in the proposition, that any State left to
struggle alone through a fearful war, if it suc-
ceeds in self-preservation, can be expected to sub-
ject itself to a renewal of such disasters by ad-
hering to a Government whose policy occasions
them, and whose regard for it seems to be in in-
verse ratio to the squares of intervening distance.
Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof. I shall
be better prepared to discuss that question with
my people when we emerge successfully from a
foreign war, unaided by the Government. I prefer
now to confine my observations upon our capaci-
ties for self-defense.
When, in January last, 1 addressed the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, I particularly sought
to show the difficulties in the way of a successful
defense of Califoi nia in the event of a fuieign war.
I showed that we arc not situated as ure the States
of the Atlantic slope. That the eastern States
possess within themselves elements of power and
self-reliance; their coal and iron fields developed,
theirmanufacturing establishments extensive and
varied, with the West as a vast storehouse to
supply their necessities, and a network of rail-
roads and canals extending to all parts of the
country, affording facilities for the transportation
of public and privatestores and goods, and avail-
able for rapidly concentrating troops at any re-
quired point. But with us, as I sought to show,
it is far different. We are more distant from the
Atlantic States than India is from the British isles.
Our Isthmus route would be soon closed. We
could only be reached by a voyage of fifteen thou-
sand miles around Cape Horn—a route assailable
by the enemy's cruisers its whole length; and even
if a transport should escape the enemy's vessels,
which could lie in wait for it in all the numerous
South American ports, it would have to run the
enemy's blockading fleet. I also referred to the
physical formation of our State—the case with
which it might be closed by blockade; its harbor
of San Francisco seized; that the whole agricul-
tuial district of the State was at the mercy of the
invader, so that he could starve our people into
submission. I also dwelt upon the inducements
for a campaign for conquest—the riches of our
soil in minerals, our noble bay and city, our navy-
yard, arsenal, dry dock, and other appliances,
ready fitted to the hand of an enemy, and the very
means he needs to sticngthcn his position.
I do not desire to recapitulate my statements and
arguments upon these topics. I trust gentlemen
have given to those matters their due weight, and
that they will show their appreciation of them by
their action upon this bill. But I will say that a
formidable fleet, such as that the English Govern-
ment now maintains m the Pacific, can wrest San
Francisco at any time from the Government, take
possession of the fortifications, navy-yard, dry
dock, and arsenal, and hold command of the in-
land navigation of the State.
I know the fact to bo that during the pendency
of the Ttent difficulty warning was sent by an
eminent California!!, then in England, that outers
had irone out to the British Pacific fleet to strike
at San Francisco as soon as news arrived of the
commencement of hostilities. England desires
California more than we seem to prize it, if our
care for it may be estimated by our efforts to re-
tain it. Wc anticipated England but a very little
initsacquisition, according to Mr. Webster s test-
imony, and if we are unwise we may yet yield it
up to her. I have here a list of British and French
ships of war now in the Pacific, with their class,
guns, tonnage, and horse-power. A majority of
the fleet consists of powerful steamers, carrying
guns of heavy caliber, and of the most improved
invention:
BRITISH.
Name. Guns, Tonnage. H. P.
Steam flag-ship Bacchante  51 2,667 600
Steam sloop Cainoleon  17 952 200
Steam coivette Olio  22 1,472 400
Steam sloop Fawn  17 751 100
Steam sloop Harrier  17 748 100
Paddle &loop Ilecate    6 817 240
Steam sloop Miranda  15 1,039 250
Steam sloop Mutine  17 882 200
Storeship JViade  6 1,020
Storeship Nereus  6 3,094
Steam corvette Pelei us  21 1,462 400
Steam corvette Tartar  20 1,296 250
Steam fngate Termagant  25" 1,547 310
Steam ft mate Topaze  51 1,978 600
Gunboat Foiward  60
Gunboat Giappler   60
Total, (16 ships) _29| 17,729 3,770
FRENCH.
Name. Gum. Men. H. P.
Steam ftag-bbfpDuguayTrouiu.. 90 1,000 800
Corvette Gal.uhec  32 300
Corvette Cornelio  32 300
Corvette Mayonnaise  32 300
Screw btoamer Oassml  6 180 250
Total   192 2,080 1,050
Against such fleets the United States have but
seven vessels, three propelled by steam, one an old
store ship, and one of them recently condemned
in China, but, all enumerated, with less guns
than are carried by the French ships alone. The
few vessels we have there are scattered in neutral
ports, as Acapulco^and Panama, and in event of
a war would be compelled to remain in such ref-
uge, or be swept from the sea by the overwhelm-
ing force of the enemy. England has in the Pa-
cific more than two ships to our one, four steam
vessels to our one, three guns to our one. Our
fleet would be, therefore, no protection to our
Pacific possessions. It now serves as a police
force at the principal points touched by our ship-
ping in the Pacific; but could no more preserve
our rights and territory there against the squadron
of England than a body of policemen could repel
an army. In the event of a maritime war the peo-
ple of California would be left to their own re-
sources, with a powerful and covetous enemy to
contend against. England desires to absorb a part
of Maine to gain a highway to its Canadian cities.
Would it be just to leave Maine to protect itself?
Yet you leave California to do so, with greater
temptations to an enemy than exist in the case of
Maine, i have shown that our fleet could not
protect us—that San Francisco and the agricul-
tural valleys, with the undefended navy-yard and
arsenal, aie open to seizure. What could the peo-
ple of California do without cannon or ammuni-
tion, and without the means of procuring them?
Plow could they protect themselves? They are
a gallant people,'and will fight; but how shall they
fight without means? I do not ask for a standing
army for California, aside from small trained gar-
risons for the forts, and these she furnishes from
her own people at the present time; but I do ask
for the means of war, to prevent her people being
driven back and starved out, and thus her subju-
gation be accomplished.
Sir,howare these means of war to be furnished?
You will not accumulate vast stores of the mate-
rial of war to corrode and perish during years of
peace, for the expense of storehouses, depots, and
fortifications would necessarily be on the largest
scale, and the deterioration in many articles ne-
cessary to be stored would forbid it. By such a
system you would waste millions for a question-
able advantage. I have shown that sea commu-
nication could not be relied upon unless you have
a Navy, equal to that which England could em-
ploy to assail us, to convoy your transport ships,
a system of supply the cost of which in a single
year of war would equal the entire expense of a
railroad to the Pacific. Equally vain would be
any attempt'Jo transport overland.the amount ojf
supplies requisite for the defense of the Pacific
frontier. By an official estimate the cost of land
transportation for the annual'supplies of "provis-
ions, clothing, camp equipage, arid'ammunition
for such an army as it would .bo necessary, to
maintain there would exceed at peace'" pne^s
§20,000,000. In time of war the expense is Esti-
mated to be six times that amount. The'journey
across the plains would take from four to six
months. But, in point of fact, supplies for an army
could not be transported across the continent/ On
the arid and barren belts to be crossed the supply
of grass and water is limited and would soon be
exhausted, and forage could not be transported
for such numerous draughtanimals over such dis-
tances. Transportation by sea and land are alike
impossible in event of a war with a powerful mar-
itime nation, and California and your whole Pa-
cific possessions would necessarily be left to their
fate. What that fate is I have endeavored to make
apparent.
One other consideration before I address myself
to the merits of the bill under consideration. The
loss of California would not be merely a disgrace,
it would be the first step downward in the career
of the Republic. Whenever a nation commences
to lose its territory, its history draws to an end;
henceforth the seal of fate is set upon its brow,
and it falls never to rise again. But, even sup-
posing we can escape this law of decay, illus-
trated in all ancient nations, and the Union,
bounded on the west by the Rocky mountains,'
continues to exist, how would your markets en-
dure the deprivation of our gold? The loss of a
single vessel, a few years since, that sunk in the
stormy Atlantic, with a million of treasure, caused
extensive bankruptcy over the Atlantic and west-
ern States. Yourmanufactoriesnowfind a profit-
able market on the Pacific, with gold-payingcus-
tomcrs and tariff discriminations in your favor.
Let tkose discriminations be against you, as they
would be if California was in the hands of a foreign
Power, and your commercial prosperity would
be seriously impaired. You consult not alone
the interests of the Pacific coast in the passage of
the measure. You foster the general good, as
well as provide the means to protect the honor
and prestige of the nation.
These considerations are more fully developed
by reference to the commeicial advantages accru-
ing from the completion of the work; but I have
not time now to discuss them.
The construction of this road was a necessary
consequence of the acquisition by the American
people of territory upon the Pacific ocean, The
moment that we annexed those vast regions, ex-
tending as far along the Pacific as our eastern
sea-board extends along the Atlantic, wc assumed
an obligation to provide an internal communica-
tion by railroad across the continent. By this
means only can we bind together these distant
regions, provide for the common defense, and de-
velop the resources of the country. By obtaining
that territory we acquiesced in this measure^ for
by no other means can we maintain and hold the
country together. We have trifled with these
obligations in the past; but they arc not the less
imperative. I grant, sir, it has not been the fault
of this House; and I do not believe it will be our
fault now if this work is not inaugurated.
If the considerations I have presented are cor-
rect, namely, that this work is a military neces-
sity, and desei ves present attention, all differences
about rival routes and local interests that do  not
facilitate the great work, are injurious. It may
be convenient for one or two of the extreme north-
western States to have a railroad from some point
on their borders to end in the north Pacific, pro-
vided they are not deceived in the capacities of
that extreme northern section upon the Pacific
side of the continent. Were the men now in their
seats, who a few years ago contended that the
route should be laid down f om Texas to Guay-
mas, they might again vote against any other
project. But the great object now to be secured,
asisob\ iousby the lessons forced upon our notice,
is the construction of a road by the shortest and
most direct route to our principal port upon the
Pacific, to protect our possessions there from a
foreign enemy. I trust, sir, that a proper appre-
ciation of this fact will be seen in the votes upon
tfce pending measure. Yet, sir, while the com-
mittee have provided such termini to the route
