1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
(30) [Vol. 5 p. 128.
Pilot Knob, 3.30 P. M., October 17,1861.
C. McKeever:
Our force of one thousand infantry and cavalry have met
the enemy twenty-five miles south from here. The en-
emy's strength is over five thousand, with four pieces of
aitillery. A bearer of dispatch ju-t arrived. He says our
force is retreating slowly; twenty-five miles trom here at
twelve noon tins day; he fears our infantry have been cut
off from the cavalry. Two regiments of infantry and four
pieces of aitillery have just Jolt for engagement. Send on
the battel y as. fn^t as you can: it is of the greatest import-
ance. We have no light pieces of artillery.
E. M. JAEL, Lieut, and A. Q. M.
( 20 ) rVol. 5, p. 128.
Pilot Knob, October 17,1861.
Captain McKeever:
From a convocation 1 have just had with Major Gavitt,
of the First Indiana cavalry, and who was in command in
the cngag'-mont tins morning, I learn that he made the
attack \v:th his cavalry at foui this morning, and discover-
in? the strength and portion of the enemy, feii hack-unti!
lie came on Colonel Alexander, with six hundied of the
twenty-first infantry and one piece of artillery, the enemy
following and fighting nil the way lie got his gun in posi-
tion, and the infantry in ambush. I)e made part of his
command retreat, and the enemy followed into the ambush
laid for them; they suffered severely, and tell back with
heavy loss. If you wil) attack them in the rear, and, with
our force in front, they will be completely at our mercy.
E. M. JAEL, Lieut, and A. Q. M.
( 21 ) [Vol. 5, p. 167.
St. Louis, October 17,1861.
Lieutenant E. M. Jael, Pilot Knob :
The battery of light artilleiy willstart in the morning. It
was not possible to send it sooner. A force has started from
Cape Guardeau to attack the enemy in their rear.
(2-2) [Vol. 5, p. 169.
St. Louis, October 17, I860.
Lieutenant Colonel Mii£S, Big River Bridge:
Send ail the hoops, except four companies of the eighth \
Wisconsin and the pioneer company, to Pilot Knob at once.
There has been too much delay already. Give tins order to
Colonel Murphy If he is present.
C, McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 23 ) [Vol. 5, p. 169.
St. Lotus, October 18, 1861.
Lieutenant E. M. Jael, Pilot Knob :
Send at least two companies to Dig River bridge at once
to protect the ciossmg of Major Schofield's battery and
escort it to Pilot Knob. Give them a day's lations altcady
cooked. The workmen at the bridge mu^t not be left with
out a guard* C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 24 ) [Vol 5, p. 132.
Pilot Knob, October 17, 1861.
Captain McKeever:
An officer has ju^-t arrived with the following intelligence.
The enemy are 111 a strong position, with four rifled cannon
in inn>ked batteries,one half mile north of Fiederiektown,
being about twenty-three miles from this post. Our force
is about twenty-one hundred men, four pieces of artillery,
very heavy guns. The enemy is estimated iiom five thou-
sand to twelve thousand. They arc supposed to be under
the command of Hardee. Oui advance cavalry came on
the enemy's pickets this morning and drove them in, when
Major Gavitt, commanding, discovered the masked battery
betorc mentioned, and withdrew in good time. Our forces
are now within eleven miles of the enemy, and reinforce-
ments arc being pushed foi ward as fast as possible without
weakening this place too much. You will please forwaid
without cinvdelay the batteries of artillery. Our loss is very
trifling. We know of only two being killed, and a fovv
wounded. L. M. JAEL, A. Q. M.
( 25 ) [Vol. 5, p. 133.
Pilot Knob, October 18, 1861.
C. McKeever:
When will the battery be here; the enemy is m force at
Fradcricktown ? I wait only for the artillery. The bridges
should all bo guarded strongly by troops from St. Louis.
W. P. CARLIN,
Colonel Commanding.
(25) [Vol. a, p. 338.
Cairo, October 18, 18G1.
Captain McICeever:
3 have reliable information that Thompson and Lowe
have less than three thousand men. I have sent force
through to drive them from their haunts; it vvonld not be
prudent to sen^moic from here. U. S. GRANT.
(27) [Vol. 5, p. 142.
Benton Barracks, October 18, 1351.
Captain C McKcever* . .
Have you news of Colonel Murphy s regiment—eighth
Wtsconr-m? I received orders from Washington to send
them to Indiana, which at my mstancc is suspended on the
supposition that troops are more needed in this quarter. 1
cie n c tlio colonel's whereabout?. He telegraphs me lrom
De Soto last. SAMLEL U UKI Is*.
Jiri gather General Lormnanding.
(23) [Vol.o, p 171.
St. Lotus, OUubci ltd.
Lieutenant E I\I Jael, Piht Knoh ;
1 have leliable infonnation that the lebe! foicc at rred-
criektown less than three thousand men.
L\ McKEEVER, A. A. G-
f Vide No. 23 for ans.1 ( 29 ) [Vol. 5, p. 173
St. Louts, October 17, 3K>1.
Brigadier General Grant, Cairo, Illinois:
Colonel Carhn has been driven back towards pilot Knob
by Jeff. Thompson, who is reported to have five thousand
men and four pieces of artillery. I have sent two regiments
of infantry and a battery of light artillery from heie to rein-
force him. Send an additional foicc from Cape Girardeau
or Cairo, if it can be done with safety.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
(30) [Vol. 5, p. 179.
St. Louis. October 18, 1861.
Brigadier General Curtis, Benton Barracks
The eighth Wisconsin, Colonel Murphy, is at Pilot Knob.
1 do not understand how you couid icceive orders from
Washington to send that regiment to Indiana. No troops
can leave this department without an order fiom Major
General Fremont. C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
1.31) [Vol.5, p 183.
St. Louis, October 19. 1861.
Colonel Carlin, Pilot Knob:
The battery was at Big River bridge Inst evening, and
two companies of infantry left here at five p. m. yesterday
to guard the railroad. A company of cavaliy leaves here
this morning. Let me hear fiom you frequently. If the
telegraph be cut, send a messengei.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
(32 J [Vol. 5, p. 183.
October 19, 1861.
Lieutenant E. M. Jael, Pilot Knob :
What is the new3 this morning? Has the battery of light
artillery arrived? Keep me fully posted of the movements
of your troops, as well as those of the enemy.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 33 ) [Vol. 5, p. 146.
Pilot Knob, October 18, 1861.
Captain McICeever:
T expect an attack at all points to-morrow morning. I will
telegraph you again to-morrow if communication should
not be cut off. If it should be cut off, you may infer that
the attack has begun. Think we will repulse the enemy;
but tear the railroad maybe rendered impassable to the bat-
tery. Has not arrived.
W. P. CARLIN, Colonel Commanding.
(34) [Vol. 5, p. 158.
Pilot Knob, October 19, 1861.
Captain McKeever :
Schofield's buttery has arrived. Has the force gone from
Cape Guardeau. VV. P. CARLIN.
, (35) [Vol.;., p. 187.
St. Louis, October 1§, 1861.
Colonel Carlin, Pilot Knob:
I cannot say positively that the expedition's left Cape
Girardeau, but believe it has. Send out strong reconnoi-
tering parties to feel the enemy, and drive in his pickets oc-
casionally. Ifho commencc-5 to retieat attack him at once
with all your available force. Do not let him return to Ar-
kansas without a battle. You are ccrtainlv stiong enough
to whip him. The expedition tiom Capo Girardeau ought
to ainve in rear of Fred eriektown this afternoon or to-mor-
row morning. If you hear tiring m your front move at once '
on Frcdericittown with your whole force. A company of
eavahy and one of infantiy leave heie to-day to scour the
country about Big River- Keep me po&ted as to your move-
ments. C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
(35) [Vol. 5, p 189.
St- Lows, October 19,1861.
George H. Smith, St. Louis Office :
Send two reliable men down the iron Mountain road to
look after the telegraph wire. You must do everything in
youi power to keep open the communication trom here to
Pilot Knob. Have the oath of allegiance administered to
every telegraph opoatoron that line, and if any onereime
to take it have him turned over to the provost marshal for
this city forthwith. This mu«t be attended to at once.
Bv order of Motor General Fremont.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
37 ) [Vol. 5, p. 203.
St. Louis, October^0,1861.
Brigadier General Grant :
When did the expedition leave Cape Girardeau for Fred-
eiicktown, and what was its strength. Have temporary
buildings erected immediately for winter quarters tor the
ttoops at Cairo and Bird's Point.
Bv order of Major General Fremont.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 33 ) [Vol. 0, p. 1G8.
Cairo, October 21. 1831.
!j Caotain C. McKekver, A. A. G.:
! 'i'liiee small regiments infantry, three companies of cav-
I airy, and section artillery, sent from here and Girardrau.
il Left Guardeau on Friday morning. U. S. GRANT.
jl —
i| (39) [Vol.5, p. 176.
jj Pilot Knob, October 21,1851.
'i Captain McKcever :
i lr h actually neeessarv to guard the bridges this side oi
f His; Rim. Captain Miller, of Fir^t Mi^oum aitillery, ar-
rtvvd ju-t now, and urges tills to be done. You must do it
II it it t~. done. My torcu w:H not ndmir of it Four com-
; panic? will do it" Messewr'-i expected fo-ivghtfiom Fred-
!l edektown. S.P. BOYD, Colonel C-jmmciiiding.
(.10) [Vol. .%p 313.
St. Lotus, October'21, 1831.
■; Colonel Boyd, Pilot Knob:
You mu-t guaid the [nidges between Big River and Pilot
! Knoh, no more troops can * ^ ^ e.
(41) [Vol. 5, p. m*
St. Louis, October 21,1861.
Colonel Boyd, or commanding officer, Pilot Knob:
Send troops at once to guard the bridges beuvccu Pilot
Knob and Big River.
By order ot Major Geneial Fr6mont:
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 42 ) [Vol. 5, p. 176.
Pilot Knob, 13 p. m.
Captain McKeeler :
Information not official, reliable, that wc have routed
Jeff Thompson and Lowe, capturing cannon, aud routed
the entire rebel foicc. More to-night.
S. V. BOYD,
Colonel Commanding.
( 43 ) [Vol. 5, p. 176.
Field of Battle, Fredericktown,
Octafcer 21, 1661.
Captain McKeever:
In conjunction with U. R. Plummcr's command, wc have
routed the reocls of Thompson and Lowe, estimated at five
thousand, (5,000.) Their loss was heavy, ours small, and
confined principally to the First Indiana cavalry. We cap
tured four heavy guns. Lowe, therebel leader, was killed.
Major Gavitt and Captain Ilyman, Indiana cavalry, were
killed in a cliaige on a battery. Have report in detail soon.
W. P. CARLIN,
> ' Colonel Commanding.
(44) [Vol. 5, p. l«a.
Pilot Knob, October 1861.
Captain McKeever :
I reduce my force to one hundred men to guard bridge.
I have done so.
S. II. BOYD, Colonel Commanding.
(45) [Vol. 5, p. 182.
Camp Benton, October 22, 1861.
Captain McKeever, A. A. G.:
1 have very reliable intelligence of Thompson's move-
ments since the burning of the bridge, his foice, his arms,
including several cannon, poorly mounted ; and have also
information the troops from Pilot Knob have moved towards
each other, and probably scattered. His several bridges are
unguarded; others and the Knoh are guarded by force i sent
down by General Fremont's orders. If Colonel Carlin has
moved forward, as he proposed doing yesterday, before these
are withdrawn, they must be promptly relieved. 1 have tel-
egraphed for further reports of the whereabouts of the forccs
sent down, he. SAMUBL R. CORTIS,
Brigadier General Commanding.
(4(3) [Vol. 5, p. 245.
St. Louis, Octobcr 22, 1861.
Biigadier Genera! Curtis, Benton Barracks:
Colonel Carlin left Pilot Knob Sunday, attacked the en
etnv yesterday, and routed him. The eighth Wisconsin and
Colonel Boyd'^Misbouu volunteers will remain for the pres-
ent at Pilot Knob. You will order Lieutenant Colonel
Jame>, with his command,toioturn immediately to Bontou
Barracks. Orden will be issued at onee, sending his regi-
ment forward to Tipton. Byordet,
* C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 47 ) [V«l. 5, p. 186.
Fredericktown, October 22,1861.
Captain McKeever, A. A. G. :
I reached thife point at nine o'clock this morning, and
found that Colonel Carlin, with his command, had anived
two hours before. The enemy had evacuated the town be-
fore his arrival, and was supposed to be m full retieat to-
waids Greenville. At one o'clock I started in pur-nut with
my command, reinfoiced by two regiments of infantry, four
companies of cavalry, and a section of artillery from that of
Colonel Carlin's. VVe met the enemy in position about one
mile from town, and immediately commenced the attack.
VVe were joined in a few minutes by Colonel Caiim and
Major Schofield, with one regiment ot infantry and two
pieces of artilloiv. The engagement was spirited'for about
one hour and a half, and resulted in a complete rout of the
enemy. We captuied two pieces of artillery, a large num
berot small arms, and many prisoners. Oui loss i& small,
that of the enemy considerable.
J. B. PLUMMER,
Colonel Missouri Volunteers^ Commanding Forces.
Mr. SHANKS. These dispatches came from
Adjutant General Chauncey McKeever, at St
Louis, under the direction of General Fremont.
General Fremont, it is true, was in the field at the
time, and it therefoie was not possible for him to
transact that business. He necessarily had to in-
trustit to his adjutant general, who was appointed
bv the Government of the United States.
'These telegraphic dispatches directed Genera!
Grant to move his force from Cairo to Cape Gi-
rardeau. That was done under the direction of
General Grant. 1 submit now that the action of
General Curtis was without authority, unless the
authority came from General Fremont. Does the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gbrlet] mean to s-iv
that General Curtis assumed to carry on war in
the western department on his own responsibil-
ity ? I say he never did. The statement^ that he
did is a falsehood and a wrong. General I' rem ont
commanded that department; and the telegraphic
dispatches show that he directed General Cuius
m what he did. ,
Mr. gurley. i desire to state that there
