THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
."Were-, as I understand, twenty-five hundred troops
. gent-from St. Lpuis to Pilot Knob to go against
, Jeff Thompson, The fifteeen hundred men sta-
tioned at Pilot Knob were sent forward against
JufTThompson, from the fact that General Curtis
had sent troops to guard the roads and bridges,
and also to assist in the fight at Fredericktown;
hence the battle there could not have been fought
had not those soldiers been sent up, and which
this very dispatch ordered baclc to St. Louis.
Suppose General Curtis had qbeyed dispatch No.
2; and ordered to St. Louis the two regiments—
eighth Wisconsin and Boyd's Missouri volun-
teers, and General Schofield's battery, which latter
took part in the battle—how could that battle have
been fought ? If I erred in my statement, the error
rests upon that dispatch, which seems to conflict
with the general orders to General Grant. As I
have said, I merely alluded to the subject by way
of illustrations and I am happy to have the whole
truth made known, so as not to do the least injus-
tice to General Fremont. For this object I asked
the attention of the committee,
Mr. SHANKS. If General Curtis had not
been commanding at St. Louis, ho would not have
had the power to send forward soldiers. But the
orders are here which directed him to do this.
General Fremont commanded that department.
Mr. GURLEY. That is what I said. I said
I hart seen these dispatches, and that they satis-
fied me that General Fremont did give the order.
Mr. SHANKS. Yet the gentleman said it was
General Curtis who had done this thing.
Mr. GURLEY. I said that General Curtis had
sent out these men.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman said the bat-
tle was fought on General Curtis's orders.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The time to
which this general debate was limited has passed,
and 1 must insist that the committee proceed with
the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the first reading of
the bill lie dispensed with.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I prefer that it
should be read through for information.
The bill was read at length.
The reading of the bill by paragraphs, for
amendment, was then commenced.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved to amend the
following clause:
That the following sum* be, and the same are hereby, ap-
pioprhued, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for tile support of the Army for the yeaf end-
ing the 30th of June, ISiiS;
by adding, as follows:
But nothing contained in this act shall be construed to
Impair the right to reduce the compensation of any officer
of the Army 01 to abolish any existing office,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before the vote is
taken on that amendment, I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Moiutn.i,,] who rep-
resents the Committee of Ways and Means on
this bill, how far this bill corresponds with the
estimates furnished by the War Department?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will answer
the gentleman that it very nearly corresponds with
the estimates.
Mr. 1IUTCHINS. I ask the gentleman from
New York, who has proposed the amendment now
pending, what is his object in offering it? Has
lie any doubt that the provisionas it stands would
preclude the power of Congress to reduce the sal-
aries of Army officers?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will say that the
amendment I have proposed is the same which
was offered to another appropriation bill a few
days since. I asked at the time for an opinion
upon the proper construction to be placed upon
making an appropriation in this connection, and
I found agreatdiversity of opinion existing among
members as to the construction to be given. In
order, therefore, to remove any doubt upon the
subject, I thought it well to attach this proviso.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I will only say that I ap-
prove entirely of the object of the gentleman from
Now York; but I think the amendment is entirely
unnecessary, and I shall therefore vote against it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I entertain so high
a respect for the opinion of the gentleman from
Ohio that if he is satisfied no construction can be
given to the appropriation to prevent the opera-
tion of such legislation as Congress may hereafter
enact in reference to the compensation of officers
of the Army, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at the
national armory at Springfield, Massachusetts, $150,000.
Mr. Chairman, I move this amendment for the
purpose of ascertaining, if I can, what is the pre-
cise extent to which it is proposed to go in the
expenditure of this $150,000 " for repairs and im-
provements and new machinery at the national
armory." The whole matter of national armories
is no w under consideration by a special committee
of this House. That committee may report to the
House that, in their judgment, another national
armory should be established west of the Alle-
ghany mountains; and I think it but proper that
this appropriation should be deferred until that
question has been decided. I find that, during the
extra session of Congress, an estimate was sent in
here for an appropriation to enlarge the capacity
for the increased manufacture of arms at the
Springfield armory, and $422,000 was appropri-
ated at that time for this purpose. That armory,
from a manufacture of three thousand guns a
month, has been increased in capacity to the man-
ufacture of twelve thousand guns a month; and
we are informed that, with a few additional im-
provements and some additional machinery, the
manufacture can be increased to twenty thou-
sand, and perhaps twenty-five thousand, arms per
month.
Now, sir, there are reasons which, perhaps, it
would not be proper for me to advert to on this
occasion, why a national armory should be estab-
lished in another part of the country. I therefore
hope that this appropriation will be stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state that
this appropriation is not for any new addition to
the armory; but for merely keeping up repairs,
and for such improvements as will enable the
establishment to work to the utmost extent — to
manufacture guns as rapidly as possible. The
Secretary says:
" To keep up the production of the armory tothc utmost
possible extent, thobe repairs are absolutely indispensable."
Mr. ARNOLD. If it is distinctly understood
that (his appropriation is not designed to enlarge
the Springfield Armory, so us not to interfere
at all with the proposition now pending for the
establishment of a national armory, I have no
objection to it.
Mr. FENTON. Is debate in order?
• The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move then to reduce the
amount $100,000. Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say that there are propositions pending before
a committee of this House for the establishment
offt national armory westof the Alleghany mount-
ains, and if the adoption of this appropriation
will not, in any degree, prejudice the action of the
House upon those propositions, I think the amend-
ment! of the gentleman from Pennsylvania ought
not to be adopted. If this appropriation is de-
signed simply to keep in repair the machinery for
the manufacture of arms at Springfield, it should,
in my judgment, be granted. But I observe that
it provides for additional machinery at the armory
at Springfield. It has been stated that it is the
design of some of our friends at the East to op-
pose the establishment of an armory west of the
Alleghanies, which has been petitioned for here
by more than one hundred thousand citizens of
the country, by the enlargement of the armory at
Springfield. Now, if this is the design of this
appropriation, I trust it will not be made by this
House.
I will not, at this time, go into any discussion
in regard to the propriety of establishing an arm-
ory west of the Alleghany mountains. I will only
remark that there is a vast empire west of the
Alleghany mountains, equal in population to all
the loyal portion of the nation lying east. I will
also remark that they have to-day in the field fully
one half the entire number of soldiers that are now
in the field to sustain our flag against the rebel-
lion, and I think it will not be deemed an unrea-
sonable request upon the part of that section of
the Union to ask of this House the means of man-
ufacturing the arms which theirsoldiersareto use.
There are now here, as I have said, petitions
exceeding one hundred thousand in number for
various locations west of the Alleghanies. These
propositions are now pending before the House;
and while they are pending, before that commit-
tee report their action to the House, I trust that
no action will be taken prejudicial to the object
of these petitions and resolutions.
Now, sir, I ask my friend from Vermont whether
this appropriation of $150,000 is designed, or I ask
the gentleman representing the Springfield district,
[Mr. Delano,] if he is informed upon the subject,
whether the intention is that it shall interfere with
the establishment of an armory west of the Alle-
ghany mountains?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentle-
man will only read the paragraph, he will see that
the discussion upon this point will come in more
appropriately at the next paragraph but one. This
appropriation is simply for repairs, improvements,
and new machinery; such as is indispensable for
the establishment now at Springfield.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to know
what paragraph the gentleman refers to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To the next
paragraph but one, which reads:
" For additions to and extension of shop-room, machin-
ery, tools, and fixtures at arsenals, $500,000."
Mr. MOORHEAD. That is for arsenals. We
are not talking about arsenals. I think the gen-
tleman has fallen into an error himself.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to oppose the
amendment of my friend from Illinois.
Mr. ARNOLD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. McKNIGHT. When I get the floor I will
move an amendment, in order to say a word or
two upon the pending appropriation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to reduce
the appropriation to $50,000.
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation is claimed to
be merely for the purpose of carrying on the pres-
ent establishment, and not for the purpose of ex-
tending its general operations. It seems to me
that $150,000 is an abundantly large sum to be
appropriated with a view to keep up the machinery
at that armory to its full working capacity. I
know that the exigencies of the times have brought
into active requisition that factory of arms, and
that it is now doing good work for the Govern-
ment. I have no objection to any appropriation
made in good faith to carry on that factory as it
is now established; but when the bill provides for
its enlargement, and for new machinery to the ex-
tent of $150,000 for this year, it does occur to me
that it will preclude ail chance of establishing an
armory in another part of the Union. Gentlemen
know very well that a special committee of this
House have been long considering in what place
a new armory shall be established west of the
Alleghanies. If any new armory is to be estab-
lished, it does seem to me that this large appro-
priation is uncalled for, and ought not to be made.
While I do not wish to cripple the Springfield
armory in the least, still I am unwilling that we
shall prejudge the question whether anew armory
shall be established. I do not want this Spring-
field armory enlarged to such an extent that it will
estop all necessity for the establishment of any-
new armory west of the Alleghanies. It is with
this view, sir, that I oppose this large appropria-
tion at this time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
I oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, and for the purpose, among others, of
saying that there is no appropriation and no in-
crease of an appropriation which, for one, I shall
vote for more cheerfully than for that which con-
templates the full action of the armory at Sring-
field,or anywhere else, if we had one. Before this
session opened,receiving,as wedid, circularsand
memorials in favorof theestublishmentofnewarm-
ories, I had, for one, great doubts a! out the pro-
priety and economy, at this time, of our doing
what was proposed; but lam now prepared to
vote for any measure or measures which will pro-
vide, at Springfield or anywhere else, either west
or east of the Alleghany mountains, a factory in
which can be made, honestly and speedily, the
fire-arms required by this Government. I under-
stand that there are floating somewhere contracts
amounting to about thiity-cight million dollars,
given to A, B, C,ond D, men who have never
been engaged in making fire-arms, and who have
not one piece of machinery or any other materials
for that purpose; but who come here as traders,
speculators, and snatchers, to procure those con-
tracts. I hope, sir, that those contracts are to fall.
1 hope that they are to be rescinded. I hope that
they are to be rescinded before bona fide holders
step in, and before they are hawked about the
