78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Poivall.
Senate.
clearly indicate that. My colleague, however,
when 1)0 offered Ins resolution on the 8th of Jan-
uary, to establish a union of such States as would
adopt the Crittenden compromise, never talked
about reconstruction, and he certainly ought not
to object to this resolution. I have given you my
interpretation of that resolution. I must confess
I thought but little about it at the time; but the
whole idea and intention of it was peace and a
reconstruction of the Union.
One word, sir, as to the resolutions adopted at
the meeting at Frankfort. I have shown that in
the meeting at Henderson we declared our pur-
pose to use every effort for the reconstruction of
the Union, and declared for neutrality in just such
terms as all parties in Kentucky declared for it.
Among the Frankfort resolutions I find the fol-
lowing:
" RcsoIrcA, That every materia! interest of Kentucky, as
well as tile lligiiest dictates of patnoti'-'m, lifinaml that peace
should he maintained witliln iler lKmk'ls,anii this conven-
tion solemnly pledges the honor of ib members to do ali in
their power to promote this end."
The object of that convention, as expressly de-
clared in their resolutions, was to maintain peace
within the borders of the State. Then they go 011
in the next resolution and declare that they believe
a large majority of the people of Kentucky are in
favor of the neutrality of Kentucky. Then follows
a resolution, upon which I shall comment briefly,
as it seems to lie offensive to some persons:
"That the oi'tfmi/.auon and piesenee upon (lie territory
of Kentucky' of a mihtai.v loiee ot either of the hellion ems
is a violation oi the neiutaluy indor-ed !>v the people, and
we believe rait be attended Willi none oilier than the most
lata! and disaslious u uits; and ui ti utbch^i we earnestly
advise Hie icmoval, by the piopei authoimcs, of all such
force from tin* hunts of the State."
Now, whatis that? The resolution but declares
that the neutrality of Kentucky should be enforced
by the proper nuthniities. Who are the proper
authorities? The Legislature and the Governor
of the State. It never was intended to mean any-
thing else but that.
Hut my colleague takes exception to a resolu-
tion that was offered by mo appointing certain gen-
tlemen a central committee. That resolution was
in those words:
" Resolved, Thai Colonel William Pulton, Oeoigo \V.
Johmuni, General Lucius be-diea, ("aptaiu Richard
llawe*, and Thomas P- Porter, K^l-i be, and they sue
heii-hy, appointed a committee ot oigani/<ation, in oidevto
eaiiy mil the putpo^es of Him convention ; and full powers
aie eonlened upon tliein lor thai object.'"
My coliengue tries to construe that into a mili-
tary organization. Why, sir, ! never dreamed of
a military organization when I introduced that
resolution. That convention was organized for
the purpose of keeping (he peace; it was a polit-
ical onjanizal 1011;and that resolulion was designed
merely to organize the ordinary ceniial committee
to call meetings, &c. The object of the meeting
was to preserve the peace, and the icsolution ex-
pt cssly declared thatif the State should bo invaded
and it should be necessary to drive out the invad-
ers, it should be done by the legal authorities, that
is, by the State authorities in obedience to the act
of the Legislature. I venture to say that there
never was a mass political meeting, the object of
which was the organization of a political party,
but adopted some such resolution forming a cen-
tral committee for the purpose of  eneral organi-
zation; and yet my colleague is trying to torture
that resolution into a design to create a military
organization. There never wn« any such inten-
tion. Whatnvei any one of the members of that
committee may have done individually afterwards,
certainly it was never contemplated by mc that
they should exercise any power under that reso-
lution other than that usually exercised by com-
mittees of political parties m the various {States.
When was the neutrality of Kentucky annulled
by the -State ? On the 10th of Septembei last that
convention was in session. After that time the
Kentucky Legisiatuie invited in troops. They
invited General Anderson, and they overthrew
their neutrality; but up to the 10th of September,
and for seveiui days afterwards, the doctrine of
neutrality stood unrepealed on the statute-books
m the icsolves of the Kentucky Legislature. 1
stood fairly on them up to that time. A few days
after that meeting, the Legisiatute of Kentucky
got off neutiahty. What did I dor Did I ever
advocate it afterwards ? No, sir. 1 stood where
the State stood, and when the Legislature went
against it I acquiesced.
But my colleague says many of those men who
were with me in thatconvention have gone South.
That is true; and one of those who were with him
on the committee on resolutions at Louisville has
gone South, and is a member of the confederate
congress. I know that many of those gentlemen
have gone South; but I am not responsible for
that. After the Legislature got off its neutrality,
there was organized in Kentucky a provisional
government at Russelville. I had nothing to do
with that government. I never acknowledged it.
I adhered to the old State organization, and am
here to represent it. Those who did not adhere
to the old oiganization followed that provisional
government and acknowledged it. I did not. My
colleague twits me with Breckinridge and other
of my friends having gone South. They went
South, and they acknowledged the provisional
government. 1 did not. I remained here true to
the Constitution, and loyal to What I conceived to
be the proper legitimate-government of Kentucky;
and I intend to remain loyal to it, notwithstanding
the assaults of my colleague. I intend to abide
the action of the majoiity of the people of Ken-
tucky properly and legitimately expressed.
But my colleague wishes to oust me from the
Senate because 1 was opposed to coercion, and he
quotes a speech that I made on the 2d of March,
1861. That is no new doctrine with me. It is
possible that I may have erred in it; but if I did,
I honestly erred. I hope the Senate will pardon
me for being so tedious, for this is a matter of
deep moment to mc, although it may be of little
interest to otheis. I hold in my hand a speech
that I made in the Senate on the i£)d of January,
18Gi, and I will read presently some portions of
it to the Senate. That speech was made on the
Crittenden compromise; and in it I expressed as
strongly as I could my attachment to the consti-
tutional Union. I had no stronger language in
which to express my attachment to it. I did the
same thing in the speech I made when I intio-
duccd the resolution to raise a committee of thir-
teen. I defy my colleague, or my most inveterate
enemy, to find in any speech of mine any sentence
m which I evei uttered a sentiment of disloyalty
to the constitutional Union of our fathers. I have
every desire that this constitutional Union shall
be maintained,and I have said it on all occasions.
I now desire it to be reconstructed. I have de-
claied it in every speech that i ever made on the
subject m the Semite or elsewhere, f may have
been wrong in the means that I jesortod to to save
it. 1 differed and now diiFer with Senators as to the
best means by which it should be saved. They
may have been right, and I wrung; but I was hon-
est in those opinions. I desired the constitutional
Union to be saved as a whole; and 1 would be will-
ing to yield my life to-day if I could preserve the
constitutional Union of our fathers, and transmit
it unimpaired to those who are to come after us.
In my speech in support of the proposition to
raise a committee of thirteen, after speaking of
the proposed amendments to the Constitution, I
said:
" Let us tollow the worthy example of the noble pau iots
who have gone befoio us. When the country was, linpei-
lied and Miirounded by dancer that threatened its ltiin
they never thought of a disi uption ot the Government as a
icinedy. They went towoik like sensible and patuotic
men to lemeny thr> evtk by piovnlmg additional seeunties
—by peifeetmg the Government; first, by the Articles of
Coiiiedeiation ; then by the adoption ot the piesent Consti-
tution; and at three deferent times amending it in such
manner a-, to meet the exigencies of the times, and give
more ample security to the people in their persons, prop-
eit^.and leligion, and euung sueh detects as expcnence
, bad pointed out Th.it is onr duty to-day. Let us never
| de-span ot the Republic; but go to work piomptlv, and so
, am"iid the Constitution as to give prompt, certain, and tulJ
| iruarantees to the lights of every citizen in eveiy State and
; Temtory ot the Union. Unless we pioeeed to tin? work
| without delay, and exhaust every effort to accomplish it,
we will not have discharged the duty we owe to ourselves,
j our eountiy, and tho->e who are to come alter us Let us
I employ constitutional remedies foi the collection ot the
I evil- by which we are envnoned, and to avert the dangeis
. that threaten to ingulf UvS in inevitable ruin. Utiles we ex-
hau-t every means within om reach to preserve and protect
thi! Constitution, and save our common countiv, we wiJJ
be degeneiate sorisot the noblest sires the world evei saw."
That speech I made on the 10th of December,
I860. In my speech on the Crittenden compro-
mise in^January, 1861, I discussed this very doc-
trinc of coercion. I will read one or two extracts
from it to show that that doctrine, whether right
or wrong, is no new thing with me:
" X do not believe that under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States we have any right to make war upon a State.
We find,bvrefcrence to the proceedings of the convention
that fiamed the Constitution, that it was proposed to give
that power, and it was denied.
" In the debates on the Federal Constitution, (Madison
Papeis, vol. 5, p. 339):
" f The last clause of the sixth resolution, " authorizing
an exertion of the force of the whole against a delinquent
State," came next in consideration.
"4 Mr. Madison observed that the more he reflected on
the use of foice, themoie he doubted the practicability, the
justice, and the efficacy of it, when applied to people col-
lectively, and not individually. A union of the States con-
taining such an ingredient seemed to piovidefoi it* own
destiuetion. The use of force against a State would look
more like a declaration of war than au infliction of punish-
ment, and would piobably be considered by the party at-
tacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts by which
it might be bound. He hoped that such a system would be
fiamed as might rendei this resource unnecessary, and
moved that the clause be postponed. This motion was
agreed to, nem. con.3
" Mr. ElUwoith, upon the same subject, said:
£,<I am loi coercion bylaw—that coercion which acts
only upon delinquent individuals. This Constitution does
not attempt to coeioe sovereign bodies—States—in their
political capacity. No coeicion is applicable to such bodies
but that of an armed loice. Jf we should attempt to exe-
cute; the laws of the Union by sending an armed force
agauwt a delinquent State, it would involve the good and
bad, the innocent and guilty, in the same calamity.'—
EliioVs Debates, vol. '2, p. 197.
4< Alexander Hamilton said:
'"It has been obseived, to coerce the States is one of the
maddest pi ejects that was ever devised. A failuie of com-
pliance will never be confined to a single State. This being
the case, can we suppose it wise to hazard a civil war?
Suppo&e Massachusetts, or any large State, should reluse,
and Congress should attempt to compel them, would they
not have influence to proem e assistance, especially from
those States which aie in the same situation as themselves?
What picttne does this idea present to our view ? A com-
plying State at war with a non-coiuplyin<i State ; Congress
marching the uoops of one State into the bosom of anothei;
this State collecting; auxihaiies, and forming, perhaps, a
majority against its Federal head. Here is a nation at war
with its< U. Can any reasonable man be well disposed to-
waul a government which makes war and carnage the
only means of suppoitinjg it-self—a government that can
exist only by the sword? Every sueh war must involve the
innocent with the guilty. This tangle eonsidoi&tion should
be sutfieienttodispo<-e cveiy peaceable citizen against such
a government.'—Elliot's Debates, vol. 2, p. 233.
^ Mr. Mason, and other distinguished gentlemen in that
convention, uttered similar views. General Jackson has
been quoted as authority by those who advocate coeicion.
In his farewell addiess he said:
"' The Constitution cannot be maintained, nor the Union
preserved, in opposition to public feeling, by the mere ex-
ertion of the coercive power confided m the central Gov-
ernment. The foundations must be laid in the affections
of the people, m the security it gives to life, liberty, char-
acter, and pioperty in every quarter of the countiy.5
'•Tin* Government, if pieserved, must be maintained
upon the ptincipJo tleaily and distinctly enunciated by Gen-
eial Jackson m the e'auso of his faiewcll addiess which [
have ju=t read. It is a Union that depends upon the con-
sent ot the people governed. It can only be hold together
by a faithful obecivance by all the States of the requiie-
mentsof the Constitution, mutual interest and foibearance,
and the tics of fraternity.
"You speak, Seuatois. of executing the laws. I am as
much in favor of exeeutmirtho laws as any Senator in this
Chamber. The laws ought to be honestly and faithfully
executed. Laws can be executed against individuals, but
not against soveieign States. How is it possible that you
can execute the laws when you have no civil officer m the
seeedinc States? You can only constitutionally and law-
fully apply toice in aid of the civil authoutv. Yon have
no judges, you have no marshals, j on have no civil ofheeis
m those States [s thoie a cttizen of one of the needing
States who acknowledges the jurisdiction of the United
States? j doubt it there be one.
a flow, then, can you execute the laws there? If you
icsoit to loice, without that force being called in aidot the
civil authoutv, it would be war. WaK ot itself, is equiva-
lent to dissolution. Suppose twenty eight States were to
undertake by force to compel the five seceding States to
remain in the Union and to acknowledge and submit to the
juusdietion of the United State?, what would be the result?
When jou had accomplished everything \ ou could expect
from the Army and IVavy—bombaided and destioyed their
eitie-, laid waste then fields, slaughtered their people,
oveiiun and conqueied them—would you, by that means,
have pie^eived the Union? No; you would have placed
it beyond tiie piobability of reconstruction. So fai fiom a
constitutional Union ot thirty three fiee soveieum States,
you would have twenty-eight States and five conqucied
provinces, it is madness, woisc than madness, to think
of pieseiving this Union by force. It cannot be done.5'
I said further:
"If vou would resort to coercion and war, what will bp
the result? You would have a long, exhausting civil wai,
and after it you would settle all yom difficult^ by nego-
tiation. If wo have to ^epaiate, in God's name let us part
in peace. [ trust, howevei, that all our difficulties may be
properly and honorably adjusted, and that this Union may
last for hundreds of jears to come.-''
I said " if we have to separate, in God's name
let us pait in peace." Senators may think with
