25,58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
assessment they will assess what amount is put
upon them, if you put any tax on them, by this
bill. It is a very different thing from a stock
company, where capital is invested for the pur-
pose of making money.
Mr.GRIMES. Thisamendmentexpressly says
that it shall not apply to those insurance compa-
nies " that have no capital but the premium notes
of its members, and neither collects nor has nor is to
have any profits." When I become a stockholder
in such a company as the Etna or the Protection
or the Phoenix, I put in my capital, and go into
it for the purpose of making profit. When I go
into this mutual insurance company, I go into it
for the sake of security, not profit; for the same
purpose that I take a policy in the Etna, but not
for the same purpose that I take stock in the Etna;
and there is a very great difference between the
two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont to
the amendment made in Committee of the Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Clark,
Davis, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howe, King, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Simmons, Stark, Sumner, Trumbull, Willey, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Lane of Indiana, Powell, Rice, Sherman, Ten Eyck, and
Wright—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FOSTERr- X move that the vote of the
Senate rejecting the amendment reducing the tax
on fire insurance from three to one per cent be re-
considered. 1 changed my vote, it is true, with
a view of doing that; but I did not intend to make
the motion until I ascertained that there would
be some members of the Senate who voted with
the majority who would also change their votes;
and I am satisfied there is. I therefore make the
motion, not by way of delay or anything of that
sort, but because I believe there are changes that
will change the vote.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Foot, Foster, Ilale, Harris, King, Latham, McDou-
gall, NcsmitU, Rice, Simmons, Staik, Sumner, Trumbull,
VVilmot,aiid Wilson ofMassachusetts—20.
NAYS—Mcssis. Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Grimes, Ilaikxn, liowaid, Howe, Lam; of Indiana,
Morrill, Powell, Sherman, Ten Eyck. Willey, and Wright
—16.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
returns on agreeing to the amendment striking out
"three," and inserting " one" per cent., as the
duty on the fire insurance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are no other
pending amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make one or
two amendments, in section seventy-two, line
fourteen, page 85, I move to strike out all of that
section after the word " articles,"in the following
words:
Cut in ail such ca^s the party furnishing the materials
and rcceivnia: the goods, wares, and merchandise or arti-
cles, shall be liable to, ami charged with, all accruing duties
then;on.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After section one hun-
dred and nine, on the 153d page, I move to insert
the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That all aitiel<:< upon which
duties are imposed by the piovisious of this act which shall
be touiid in the pos>e<sion of any peison oi persons for the
purpose ot being sold by such person or perfon* in fiaud
theieof, and with the design to avoid payment of the sud
duties, may be &eized by any collector or deputy collector
who shall have reason to believe that the same arc pos-
sessed for the pmpofcc aforesaid, and the same shall be ior-
feited to the United Suites; and the proceedings fo enforce
said forfeiture shall be in the nature of a proceeding in icm
in the cncuit or district couit of the United States for the
district where such **et,£ury is made, or in any other couit
or competent jurisdiction ; and any poison who ^hall liavo
in his possesion any such articles for the pm po>c of selling
the same with d<Mgn ot avoiding payment of the duties
il!H;ronn ^ nct' hable to a penalty of
$100, to be recovered as hereinbefore piovided.
Mr. HALE. I want to call tho attention of the
chairman to this amendment for a single moment;
and it is in regard to where the forfeiture shall be
prosecuted. I see it says, " before the district or
circuit court, or in any court of competent juris-
diction."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The original bil! was
phrased in that way aM through," or in any court
of competent jurisdiction." On examining the
subject we found that a law was necessary to give
jurisdiction in such cases to the United States
courts, and it was very doubtful whether any law
would give jurisdiction to any other courts. So I
drew a general provision that the forfeitures were
to be recovered in the circuit or district court of
the United States for the district; and then, in
order that they might go there, if there was any
chance, I added the words, " or in any other court
of competent jurisdiction."
Mr. HALE. Has the chairman looked at that
decision, I think it is in the Price case, where this
subject was reviewed by the Supreme Court of the
United States, in which, I think, they decided that
the jurisdiction might be imposed upon the State
courts if they would accept it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thenif they would accept
it, they could do sounder the clause, "or in any
court of competent jurisdiction."
Mr. DAVIS. I call the attention of the chair-
man of the committee to the fact that in this
amendment he has used the term "deputy,"
when the word used in the bill is " assistant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it is right as it
is. We say " deputy collector" and "assistant
assessor." The collector appoints deputies.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 154, line four,
after the word "paid," I move to insert the words
" except raw or unmanufactured cotton."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the chairman has no
other amendments to offer, 1 will proceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have none at this mo-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. On page 3, line fourteen,
I propose to insert after the word" of, "the words
"Senators and;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, That the number of districts m any State shall
not cxceed the number of Senators and .Representatives to
which such State shall be entitled in the Thiity-Eighth
Congress.
I will state my reason for offering this amend-
ment. The difficulty occurred to my colleague
and myself that when our State should be dis-
tricted, three districts would not be at all conven-
ient for the collection of the tax. We want to
have the tax collected, and to be fairly presented
in tl#e result. If you divide our State into three
parts, each part would be one third larger in ter-
ritorial area than the State of New York, a fact
that may not be apprehended generally. Three
collection and assessment districts would not be
sufficient for our business. We have a very large
State; some eight hundred miles in length. I sug-
gested to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance the propriety of allowing it to be within
the discretion of the President to add to the num-
ber of districts for our State, and for Oregon and
other western States. This will enable Oregon to
add two other districts. It will enable the west-
ern States, where they have a large area of ex-
tended territory and sparse population, to add two
to the collcction districts. I believe it met with
the approbation of the chairman of the committee,
and I trust it will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say about
it is this: the provision in the bill is the provis-
ion adopted by the House. If the Senate think
it advisable to add to the districts for the reason
given by the Senator from California, I have
nothing to say against it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The reason that I have
advanced is this: that we are willing to pay our
tax, and we want facilities for doing it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will move another
amendment, to strike out section seventy-four on
page 102, and I trust the Senate will agree with
me and strike it out. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from I
California proposes to strike out the following
section:
Sec. 7-1. Jind be it further enacted, That oil and after the
1st day of July, 1562, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid by any person or persons, firms, companies, or agents
or employers thereof, the following; duties or taxes, that is
to say: on all horned cattle exceeding eighteep months old
slaughteied for sale, thirty cents per head; on all calves and
cattle under eighteen months old, five cents per head; on
all hogs, exceeding six months old, slaughtered for sale,
when the number slaughtered exceeds twenty in any one
year, ten cents per head; on all sheep, slaughtered for sale,
five cents per head: Provided, That all cattle, hogs, and
sheep slaughtered by any person fot his or lier own con-
sumption shall be exempt from duty.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This section proposes a
tax on the slaughtering of sheep, lambs, hogs,
&c., a thing that ought not to be done. It proposes
to charge a per capita tax on everything slaughtered
in the country. It should be stricken out on the
same principle on which the previous section was
stricken out. This is more offensive than section
seventy-three. It will yield but little revenue and
will be very offensive to the country. If Senators
will take tne trouble to look at the section and see
what it is, they will see the objection that sub-
stantially rests to the section. While I am op-
posed to the entire bill, if it should become a law
I want it to be as good a law as can be made, and
I think this is a section that will be offensive to
the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill is a very
good bill, myself; and as equal as it could reason-
ably be expected to be made. With regard to this
particular thing, I wish to repeat what I said be-
fore, that we had a large delegation of butchers
from the three pricipal cities before us, and they
said the tax was right; they acceded to it; they
wanted to pay their proportion; they thought it
should be taxed and revenue could be made from
it; but they wanted some alterations. We made
the alterations they desired, and they went away
perfectly satisfied with the tax itself. Now, if
they are satisfied I do not see why we should
strike it out. It is no more a special tax than any-
thing else.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They came down here
just as all other delegations have come. The rail-
road men were alarmed, and they came down here
and begged for as good quarter as they could get;
and so of the telegraph men; and so of the insur-
ance men, and the men in various interests. They
came here to beg for as good terms as they could
get, and if they could reduce the tax at all they
thoughtthey did well. Thatisnoguidcforus ifwe
pretend to understand the subject-matter. What
did the butchers come here for ? They came down
here to ask for the amendment which is incorpo-
rated by the committee, and will be found in italics
in the bill; it is to insert: " on all calves and cattle
under eighteen months old, five cents per head."
That is to equalize the thing so that there shall be
nogouging; that is the amendment they suggested.
It has nothing to do with the principle of the taxa-
tion. They came here being persons largely en-
gaged in the trade,and the generaltendencyofthis
kind of taxation is to rule out the small persons
engaged in the business. The result of it will be
to rule out the small butcher with his little shop,
at the outskirts of the town or in a country village,
and to burden the person who kills his own cattle
and sheep on his own farm, and to bring every-
thing to the large butchers and cattle dealers. I
say, from some observation of these things, that
this is not required and will be very offensive. It
is nothing to say that men who were threatened
with large taxes came hereto try to equalize them.
They came here and asked that calves and cattle
under eighteen months old should have a special
tax upon them, and that was admitted by the com-
mittee, and they went asvay satisfied, because they
thought it was a very solemn thing to come before
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, (whose
countenance would alarm almost any person about
the country,) and be interrogated by him; they
were satisfied to get off so well as that, but that
does not affect the substantive merit of the tax
pro or con. I say it is an injudicious tax and it is
unnecessary, but it is not surprising that those
gentlemen were alarmed at the countenance of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that nothing
was done but to insert the calves. We struck the
duty down from fifty to thirty cents a head in the
first place, which was a very material reduction,
almost one half, on cattle exceeding eighteen
months old.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish the Senator from
Maine would give way about these butchers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that I labor under
