57#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
mory in addition to the large appropriation made
at the extra session, that establishment will be
able to manufacture guns enough for the whole
Union, and whether he believes that we shall want
another armory ?
The CHAIRMAN. The one minute has ex-
pired, and debate is closed upon this section.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to strike
out lines one hundred and fifty-eight to one hun-
dred and fifty-nine.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to add, after line
seven, page 8, the following:
For payment to widows and legal heirs of such volun-
teers as have been killed or h:ive died in the service, the
bounty secured to them by the sixth section of an net ap-
proved July22,18C1, entitled " An net to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the law and
protecting public piopcrty," §2,000,000.
i am aware that this a very unfavorable time tn
consider a matter of so much importance, as it is
late in the day. I consider this amendment of
great importance. I regard it as one that should
commend itself to the House, and one which it is
the duty of this House to adopt in tins bill.
There is no other appropriation bill, as X under-
stand the rules of the House, in which this appro-
priation can be incorporated; and if it is incor-
porated in any bill, it ought to be incorporated
into the Army bill.
In relation to the amount I have proposed to
appropriate—$2,000,000—it is merely a sum fixed
without any specific and definite knowledge of the
amount which the object will requim; mid if the
Committee of Ways and Means have any other
amount to suggest, founded upon their better
knowledge of the matter, I will adopt it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
It occurs to me that the amendment is not in order
upon this bill. This bill makes appropriations for
the Army, and this amendment belongs, if any-
where, to the pension appropriation bill. I make
the point of order, because the hour is very late,
and this is a very important bill.
Mr. EDWARDS. I should be very glad if the
House would adjourn now, and consider this
amendment to-morrow. It is due to a large and
meritorious class of the citizens of this country
that it should be considered, and no liaste should
prevent proper action upon u.
Mr. MAYNAUD. 1 utn aware that it is a very
important proposition; and, at the proper time, i
shall be as ready as the gentleman from Now
Hampshire to give it consideration. 1 believe that
this is not. the proper time, however.
JVlr. ED WARDS. I ask for the reading: of the
77th rale.
The Clerk read the ruie, as follows:
It shall also he the duty of the Committee of W.iys and
Mentis, within thiily day-- after their appointment, fitevnry
session of (Jongrc^ commencing on the lirst .Monday ot
December, to report the general apptopruutoti bill* for legis-
lative, ••xreutive, and Judicial cvp'jnsptj; fni numby civil
expenses; for consular ami diplomatic expenses; for the
Aimv; for the Navy; for the expenses of the Indian de-
partment ; for the payment of invalid and other pensions;
for the support of the Military Academy ; for loititieatioix;
lor tiie service of the Po«t Oflice Depaftment, and lot mail
tran^poitalion !>y ocean steainets; oi, m lailnte thereof, the
reasons of Mich failmc. And said committee Miall have
leave to lepoit said bills (lor reference only) at any time.
Mr EDWARDS. Before the Chair decides the
question of order, I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee two questions. 1 wish to
ask him, in the first place, if the subject to which
my amendment relates is a pension?
Mr. MAYNARD. It is in the nature of it.
Mr. EDWARDS. The amendment pro\ ides
for ihepaymentof $100 to the widows of deceased
soldiers. 1 would ask whether a pension is any-
thing but a permanent annual payment''
3VIr. MAYNARD. It belongs to that class of
payments which have always been regarded m the
nature of pensions; it is bounty money to soldiers
for services which have been rendered, or to then-
widows or children.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. EDWARDS. If it Is the pleasure of the
House to consider this question at this time, I will
proceed, without taking- up any more time than
i believe is necessary.
I remarked that I should be glad to submit to
the Committee of Ways and Means the question
as to the sum named in the amendment, and they
might enlarge it or diminish it if they thought
proper. If they do not, then I shall assume that
the sum is a proper one to be appropriated for this
purpose.
Well now, sir, what ia the purpose for which
this appropriation is asked to be made? I refer
the House to the act of the last session of Con-
gress, approved July 22,1861. The sixth section
of that act reads as follows;
"That any volunteer who may be received into the ser-
vice of the United States undei this act, and who may be
wounded or otherwise disabled in the seivtce, shall be en-
titled to the benefits which have been or may bo conferred
on persons disabled in the regular service; and the widow,
if there be one, and if not, the legal heusof such as die or
may be killed in the service, in addition to all aneais of
pay and allowances, shall receive the sum of $100."
Now, sir, I contend that that is in no sense a j
pension; and I contend that it is due, that it at- j
tachcs whenever the death of the soldier takes j
place. I contend that it iy a claim then due to the
widow, and that upon presenting; the proper pa-
pers, under the regulations of the War Depart-
ment, she is entitled then to receive it.
I know, sir, it has been made a question whether
this sum of §100 is payable on the decease of the
soldier, or whether the payment is to be deferred
to the close of the war; but I cannot understand
upon what construction of the provisions of the
law any such interpretation could be made, or
that any doubt can be thrown over the position
that it is payable instanter whenever the soldier
shall have died.
Now, sir, a construction lias been given to one
clause of this law; and no reasoning, therefoie,
can be urged against the position I take from that,
and that is, that in relation to the pension, it at-
taches immediately upon the soldier being wound-
ed or injured. And, sir, in relation to the other
clause, that $100 shall be payable to the widow,
the language is not only plain, hut the provision
is reasonable. What is the object of it ? It is,
that when the soldier is struck down m the dis-
charge of his duty there shall be some little pit-
tance, in order to relieve his distressed and suffei -
ing family; and if'you say that that pittance shall
bedefened two years before it shall be paid to the
widow, or shall be deferred to the close of the war;
it was a mere mockery to offer this as one of the
inducements to enlistment.
Mr. IIUTCHINS. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the five-minutes rule is now in
operation.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not so understand it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's five min-
utes had just expired.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have, perhaps, made all
the remarks that it was necessary for me to make,
and I therefore resign the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am very sorry that the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire has felt it to be his
duty to embarrass this bill at this time by any
now question. It is well known—he must know
it as well as others—that large accounts which
have been audited are presented at the Depart-
ment,and thatno payments can be made, andnone
have been made foi the last two weeks, because
the deficiency bill has not passed. Now, the gen-
tleman thrusts his amendment right into the part
of the hill which provides for deficiencies. If he
had offered it to the other part of the bill, there
might have been more propriety in it. The ap-
propriations in this section are for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862. Now, why
make an appropriation for this purpose at this
time simply to last till next June? Let the gen-
tleman, or let the Committee on Pensions, brm^
m a bill making some specific prow.sion for this
class of cases, so th^t we can digest it well—one
that will continue from year to year—and I will
vote for it with as much pleasure as the gentleman
himself. But if put in here it will have an imper-
fect operation; and, moreover, we do not know
whether this money is dye, or when it will be due.
It is very desirable that this bill shall pass to-
night, and I hope the gentleman will bring this
matter forward in some other shape.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make another
point of order on the amendment. After listen-
ing to the discussion, I submit that it is independ-
ent legislation. If changes the existing law.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will save time if the gen-
tleman will allow me. I do not yield to that point
of order; but at the suggestion of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means I withdraw
my amendment, and shall submit it in the form
of a bill at an early day.
Mr. MORRILL^ of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Colfax having'
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Hol-
man reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly the bill
of the House (No. 209) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropri-
ations for the service of the year ending the 30th
of June, 1862, and had directed him to report the
same back to the House withoutamendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a single in-
quiry as to the effect of this deficiency appropri-
ation upon those troops who are in the service for
twelve months. The clause is in these words:
Foi pay of two and three years' volunteer?, ,<$60,000,000.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of course knows the fact that, under the
legislation of last July, two regiments were re-
ceived into the service for a period of twelve
months only. This clause should be amended so
as to embrace those men, by the insertion of
"one" before the word "two."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That amend-
ment can be made m the Senate. I insist on the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of' Vermont, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the hill.
Mr. OOLMAN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Tellers were ordered on the motion; and Messrs.
Holman and Sherman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—1
vote in the allirmative and 89 in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as it is manifest
that there is no quorum present, I move that theic
be a call of the House.
Mr. LAW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
That motion has just been made, and voted down.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. A motion for a
call of the House has intervened.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, The gentleman
from Indiana must be aware that, if that amend-
ment is necessary, it can easily be put m m the
Senate, and I hope he will allow the bill to pu&s
to-night.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Senate is not the place
in which these appropriations should be made.
Under the authority of the act of last session, the
State of Indiana turned over to the President two
regiments which the State had raised, and they
were accepted, and are now in camp in the vicinity
of this city. They were twelve months' volun-
teer, and their term of service expires before next
June. It is manifest that this ought to apply to
the twelve months' men as well as to the two and
tlnec years' men.
Mr. STEVENS. We did make at last session
an appropiiation, for the twelve months' men as
well as for the others. The Department has not
made any estimate of a deficiency for the twelve
months' men. Rut if we are wrong in this, how
easy is it to have the bill amended m the Senate5
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the motion to ad-
journ. This is a bill appropriating nearly five
hundred millions of dollars; and members are
standing here with their hats in their hands ready
to leave. I am opposed to sudi sort of legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am very unwilling to place
myself m the position of seeming to impede the
business of the House. I think the amendment
which I suggest ought to be made. The twelve
