1SE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4.
•Treasury unlimited power to increase the com-
pensation in the Pacific States and Territories
without that limitation which is now in the bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I believe I copied exactly the
words of tbe bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; the proviso is left off.
Mr. HARR.lS. What are " similar officers in
llieStates and Territories ?" 1 do not know that
I onderstand exactly the meaning of that phrase.
Mr. ANTHONY. Assessors and collectors of
takes.
• Mr. HARRIS. Then, I have no objection to
inserting that proviso.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to insert the pro-
viso.
Mr. HARRIS. I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New York,
as modified.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I have drawn this section with
a view to meet, as nearly as I could, what I sup-
posed would be the necessary salary to secure the
services of a competent man. It may be that in
some of the western States the compensation is
larger than would be needed; but I am persuaded
that in the eastern States, and in my own State
especially, it will be utterly impossible to get a
food man of competent ability to perform this
uty for less than five dollars a day, and the ex-
tent of the compensation will be about fifteen hun-
dred dollars a year, assuming the assessor to be
employed every working day in the year; and the
probability is that in many of the districts he will
not be employed so much. Fifteen hundred dol-
lars for such services as are required of the assess-
or under this act is not too much, in the section
of the State, certainly, in which I reside.
Then there is a provision in the section which
I have deemed quite important, in relation to our
large cities. I hope and believe that the Secretary
of the Treasury, in organizing the assessment and
collection districts, will not divide our large cities,
such as New York and Boston and Philadelphia
and Baltimore, but that ho will appoint a single
assessor for each of those places. If he does, he
will want a man of superior talents and ability to
perform that service; and perhaps only in these
four cases the compensation is left to be settled
by tlie Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount allowed to the
assessor is much larger than the compensation of
assessors of the same grade in any State of the
Union; at least so far as my knowledge extends.
If the assessor should put upon his list a hundred
names a day , as he might very readily do in mak-
ing out the income and other taxes, he would get
seven dollars a day. I venture the assertion, that
five dollars a day is more than the average price
Eaid to the members of the Legislatures of all the
tatcs. I do not think, in levying taxes, we should
make the expenses of the system higher than the
same class of services can be secured in civil life.
I tliinictheamount fixed by the bill, as it has been
amended on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, is enough; that allows five dollars a day
when the assessors are engaged in a semi-judicial
duty, and three dollars a day at other times, and
also the contingent allowance of so much per hun-
dred names. I think that is ample. It is a suffi-
cient increase over the amount allowed by the
House bill lo bean inducement to proper men to
take the place of assessor. 1 am receiving, in ad-
vance, a great many applications from very intel-
ligent persons who want to be assessors and col-
lectors under this bill. I have no objection to that
clause of the amendmentof the Senator fiorn New
York, which will enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make a larger allowance in cities where two
or three districts are put together; but where the
States are divided, as they generally will be, into
districts of the size of congressional districts, 1
have no doubt that the amount provided by the
bill now will furnish the very best kind of men
for this employment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to know if the
committee ha\e made any estimate as to what will
be the average compensation under the bill, as it
is reported, of these officers—what will be the an-
nual salary of an assessor generally r
Mr. SHERMAN. The pay now fixed is three
dollars tor the time engaged in assessing, and
five dollars a day while engaged in hearing ap-
peals, and he is allowed two dollars for every one
hundred names. The Senator may judge of the
salary.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have made no estimate.
I thought perhaps the members of the committee
had made some' estimate of the probable amount.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word in relation to this matter. The assessors in
the States reside in their townships; they know
everybody, and generally know all about their
property, and are at home every night. Now
you propose to have an assessor that is to go all
over a congressional district, for I understand
the bill proposes that there will be as many dis-
tricts as there arc congressional districts 
Mr. SHERMAN. There are assistant assess-
ors who will go over the district, and the assess-
or will probably remain- at his place where he
lives, and probably not go outside of his town,
and yet he gets an allowance of so much for all
the names furnished to him by his assistant as-
sessors. The number of names furnished him in
a single day might be five hundred, on which he
would get ten dollars.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand there is
to be a deputy assessor for every township?
Mr. SHERMAN. As many assistant assess-
ors as are deemed necessary. The assessor di-
vides his district.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let us see practically how
this thing is. If we appoint a clerk in one of the
Departments here we give him $1,200, or $1,500,
or §1,800 a year, and some of them get §2,000.
Now, a man who is fit to assess men's property
and men's incomes, a man of sufficient character
for that responsible duty, certainly ought to have
as much compensation as a clerk in a Department.
I think we shall not gain anything by undertak-
ing to reduce down this thing and making-it too
low.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very easy to take the
highest standard of compensation in this country
and say everything must be brought up to that,
and yet I venture the assertion that in the Sen-
ator's own State, of all the intelligent clerks em-
ployed in the State of Wisconsin, there is not one
who gets anything like fifteen hundred or two
thousand dollars a year, unless it be the confiden-
tial clerk ofa bank or some one of that kind. The
ordinary compensation ofagood clerk m the West
is not more than six or seven hundred dollars a
year.
Mr. SIMMONS. Last year, in a bill which
provided only for the assessment of an income
tax, the Senator from Ohio and myself agreed to
let the Secretary of the Treasury fix the compen-
sation of the assessor, not exceeding $2,500, and
1 never heard a word of objection from anybody
to that clause in that bill, which now stands just
in that way. But we are going to repeal that law,
and to providea new system. We want a much
more competent man to assess taxes under this
bill than was necessary under that bill, which pro-
vided merely foran income tax. We want a man
of character, a man upon whom no suspicion of
taking a bribe will ever rest. My fear is, that
this is not enough, but at the same time, as it is
moved, 1 shall vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Har-
11-;, Iluwnid, McDougall,Morrill, Nesmith, Simmons,Sun)-
net. Wilinot, and Wilson ofMai-saclnwUft—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Carhle, Chandler, Claik,
Cowan, Fo^enden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
TIov\'e, Lane of Indiana. Latham, Powell,Sherman, Stark,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Willpy, and Wright—21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no quo-
rum voting.
Mr.GRIMES. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 4, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by fho Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Jourxml of yesterday was read and approved.
PUBLIC DEBT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in lesponse to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, of the 28th ultimo, in relation to the
public debt, stating the total amount of the pub-
lic debt, on the 29th day of May, 1862, to be
$491,445,984 11, and the average rate of interest
to be four and three hundred and fifty-four one
thousandth per cent, per annum; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual report of the Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution, of the operations, expenditui-es, and
condition of said institution for the year 1861;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand extra copies
of the report of the regents of the Smithsonian Institution
for the year 1861; three thousand for the use of the mem-
bers of the House, and two thousand for the use of said
institution.
TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted to the sub-
committee of the Committee of Ways and Means
to have the rough draft of the tariff bill prepared
by them printed for the use of the committee.
EMANCIPATION.
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
before the House to be the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill of
the House (No. 472) to free from servitude the
slaves of rebels engaged in abetting the existing
rebellion against the Government of the United
States was rejected, on which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Porter] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PORTER addressed the House foran hour
upon the motion to reconsider. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move a call of
the House, in order to ascertain who are absent
and who are paired.
Mr. PORTER. I have no objection to a call
of the House,
Mr. DIVEN. As the gentleman from Indiana
has had read an amendment which he proposes to
offer to the bill, I ask him to allow me to have
read what I propose to offer as a substitute.
Mr. PORTER. I cannot yield.
The SPEAKER. No amendment would be in
order at this time.
The motion was agreed to.
* The roll of the House was called, when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William Allen, George [I. Biowne, Campbell,
Conway, Crisfiold,Cutler, Fenton, Hall, Jackson, McKean,
Marston, Morris, Udell, Olin, Patton, I'eriy, Richardson,
Sherman, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wheeler, and Wood.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Campbell was paired
with Mr. Wood.
Mr. EDGERTON stated that Mr. Cutler was
paired with Mr. Whaley.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Conway was paired
with Mr. Morris.
Mr. DUELL stated that Mr. Wheeler was
paired with Mr. Richardson.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
was paired with Mr. Crisfield.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Eliot was
detained from the House by sickness in his fam-
ily, and that he had paired with Mr. Hall.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. Odell and
Mr. Patton had gone to the White House to look
after the interests of the wounded, and that they
had paired upon this question.
Mr. DI YEN stated that he had paired with Mr.
Olin.
Mr. CLARK stated thatMr. Fenton was paired
with Mr. Perry.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act for the collection of
direct taxes in insurrectionary districts in the
United States, and for other purposes; when the
Speaker signed the same.
EMANCIPATION AGAIN,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay the
