1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
The possession of a Pacific empire imposes
duties upon us commensurate with the magnitude
and vastness of the interests involved, and it be-
hooves us to discharge those duties manfully and
to their fullest extent, if we would prove ourselves
equal to the position which we have assumed
among the nations of the earth. No national ob-
stacle, no national calamity ought to deter us from
discharging our entire duty in that respect; and it
would ccrtainly redound to our national honor,
and increase the respect of the civilized world for
our people, institutions, and laws, if in the midst
of the gigantic disasters which have befallen us
we were to exhibit that unbroken spirit, that
manly courage, and that calm, statesmanlike fore-
cast which are not only equal to guiding the State
through its present perilous crisis, but also pro-
viding for its future welfare and grandeur in our na-
tional career of maritime power and preeminence.
Senators! we are the only people of pure Cau-
casian origin at home on the shores of the vast
Pacific ocean; we alone possess a Pacific empire,
and we are bound to extend its power and influ-
ence, morally, if not physically, not only on this
continent but on the coast of Asia. This is not
only our national policy, but a necessary condi-
tion of our national existence, and the only means
through which we can secure progress and suc-
cess. You of the Atlantic sea-coast have the mis-
sion to watch and maintain friendly relations with
thg Powers of Europe; we on the Pacific coast are
called upon to develop power, and to assert moral
sway over the Asiatics. We are a most important
link in the chain which civilization has drawn
round the world, and by which Providence accom-
plishes His mighty deeds. This is part of our
great mission; and if we fail in it, you of the east-
ern States, and of the great Mississippi valley are
equally involved in the disgrace.
A nation is great as long as she has a great mis-
sion to fulfill; she declines and perishes when she
ceases to be true to that mission or proves her-
self inadequate to the task imposed. It may he
objected that a line of mail steamships from San
Francisco, by the way of the Sandwich Islands
and Japan, even with considerable Government
assistance, would not be able to realize large prof-
its to its shareholders, perhaps scarcely pay the
interest on its outlays.
This may be so at the beginning; but I am will-
ing to leave this matter to the enterprise and in-
genuity of our merchants and shipowners, and
to the revolution m trade which such a line of
steamers is sure to effect. It is Ihcir business,
not ours, to make the line, in a pecuniary point of
view, remunerative. The benefits arising to the
whole country from the establishment of such a
line are not to be measured by the amount of div-
idends realized by its stockholders; neither is our
present trade with China and Japan a correct
means of estimating the probable earnings of the
line from its passenger and freight trade. Trade
itself begets trade, and the successful prosecution
of any enterprise is sure to discover means of
economizing power and money, and of turning
small advantages to great account. An old com-
mercial proverb says, " it is the first step which
costs dear;" the others follow naturally and with
comparatively little effort. We have ceitainlya
growing commerce with China to protcct and
cherish, and we arc constantly impeiiling our
rapidly increasing trade with Japan by lacking a
regular periodical communication with that won-
derful empire, which cannot be established with-
out a line of steamers such as is contemplated m
this bill.
Our exports to China have doubled within the
last year, and there is no reason why we should
not import from China, notfor our own consump-
tion, but also for other American, if not European,
markets. We enjoy, really, a greater populaiity
in the East than any European nation. Our friendly
intercourse with the people of that remote quarter
of the world has never been interrupted by diplo-
matic difficulties or an appeal to ai ins, and above
all, we do not excite their jealousies by the pos-
session of powerful colonies on their own conti-
nent or the neighboring islands. Our diplomatic
relations \\ ith China and Japan have, with scarcely
an exception, been of the most satisfactory char-
acter, and we may, without fear of contradiction,
assert that we are m favor with both the Govern-
ment and people. We are indeed more favorably
known than any other nation, and have none of
those prejudices to overcome which arise either
from distrust or a sense of injury which they have
not the power to resent or punish. The road, then,
is open to us, the people are witling to trade with
us, and we possess the products which they most
need, and for which those countries furnish the
best markets.
The State which I partly representandtheTerri-
tory of Nevada possess the basis of the most ex-
tensivebullion trade in the world; and yet, what is
the course of the precious metals sent from Cali-
fornia to New York? The greatest part of it is im-
mediately shipped to England, to be either drawn
against by our American merchants in China, or
to be further shipped on British account to India
and China to aid m settling the commercial bal-
ances of all Europe with the merchants of the
Celestial Empire.
Now why should we be any longer deprived of
the facility of shipping our precious metals, in-
cluding the products of the most extensive quick-
silver mines in the world, direct to Japan and
China, saving thereby time, commission, and in-
terest to our China merchants, and earning freights
on the shipments of our own products to our navi-
gators? In other words, why should we not ren-
der our merchants independent and high above
foreign bankers, foreign mail steamers, and the
good will of foreign Governments?
Our trade with China, as it is now managed, may
at any time be entirely cut off, should our diplo-
matic relations with England suffer a serious in-
terruption, and would be greatly impeded were
England to be engaged in war with any other
maritime nation.
it is neither wise nor just to expose so valuable
a portion of our foreign commerce to such terrible
contingencies,and itisourdutytoprovideagainst i
them while we may yet do so m perfect safety,
and without giving offense to our great commer-
cial rivals. In spite of our immense agricultural
productions, we are yet essentially a commercial
and sea-faring people. Indeed, we are almost
amphibious. The spirit of commerce pervades all
classes of our vast community, and we are at home
on the water, whether it be on the ocean, on our
Mediterranean of lakes, or on our majestic navi-
gable rivers. Our products are so manifold as to
afford the largest basis of commercial operations
and the most remunerative exchange of commod-
ities. Our own markets hold out the greatest
inducements to foreign traders, while our people
in enterprise, activity, and celerity of motion may
well challenge the world for a comparison.
Why, then, should we not be ablo to carry on
our trade with China and Japan without the in-
termission of England? Why should we not
export our bullion direct from San Francisco to
China, rather than allow it to travel all round the
globe to perform a single commercial transaction?
Mr. President, the commercial independence
of which I speak refers not only to merchants in
the Pacific States, it applies equally to those of
New Yoilc and to the business men all over the
country. At present most cargoes for New York
or Boston are purchased in China by bills on Lon-
don, drawn against letters of credit issued by
English capitalists, for which the latter charge a
commission of two per cent. This commission
and the premium on the exchange between New
Yoi k and London would certainly be saved, if the
funds required for the purchase of goods in China
could be forwarded in gold and silver by means
of regular mail steamers directly fiom San Fran-
cisco to Shanghae, against letters of credit issued
in New York or Boston. By this means the New-
York orBostonbankerwould besubsiitutedforthe
London banker, a new market would be opened
to our precious metals, and we should save at least
one or two freights, (to New Yoi k and Liverpool,)
besides economizing interest and insurance. But
the greatest saving would be in time, as the mer-
chant in our Atlantic cities would be brought
nearer to China from two to three weeks. To*il-
lustrate the whole operation by an example, let us
suppose that a New York merchant wishes to in-
vest, say §50,000 in the purchase of China goods.
As the case now stands, he would be obliged to re-
mit to his agent in China a credit on London to the
amount often thousand pounds sterling, ($50,000.)
The China agent would use tins ciedit by selling
his draft at the usual exchange of four shillings
and tenpcnce, which would give him $41,379 31,
the amount which he can invest in China goods
for the New York market. The New York mer-
chant would have to protect this draft from China,
when it matures in London, by a remittance fiom
New York sufficient to cover the amount of the
draft and two per cent, commission charged by the
London banker, say ten thousand two hundred
pounds sterling ($51,000) at an exchange in New
York say from nine to ten percent, premium. Let
ussuppose it to be but nine per cent., or about four
shillings one penny and two and a half farthings to
the dollar, and he will have to pay for it $49,408 80,
showing a difference of §8,029 49 between the sum
which he is to remit to the London banker, and
the amount realized in China, which diileience is
to be added to the cost of the goods, or, which is
the same thing, to be deducted from the profits on
the sale of the goods.
Now, suppose we had a regular line of monthly
steamers from San Francisco to China, so that the
gold and silver bullion could be shipped directly
from San Francisco against letters issued by Now
York merchants, the whole transaction would
then resolve itself as follows:
The New York merchant would send a letter
of credit to his agent in San Fiancisco, author-
izing him to draw on New York, and directing him
to sell his drafts in San Francisco, and to remit
the proceeds in bullion to China for investment in
merchandise.
The San Francisco agent would draw a bill on
New York for $50,000, six months sight, which
he would sell at four per cent, discount, amount-
ing to $3,000, so that he would realize £48,000, the
equivalent of which in bullion or com he would
ship directly to China.
The loss on this shipment in the shape of freight,
insurance, interest, &c., would not exceed eight
per cent., and would, if the business were once
regularly established, be less, leaving in the hands
of the China agent ^44,160, namely:
Ptoceed.3 of&alo ofNcw Voik dtaft $48,000
Less eight per cent, on $48,000  3,840
Balance §44,160
The New York merchant, when the draft from
San Francisco matures in New York, would owe
$50,000, showing only a difference of $5,840 be-
tween the amount paid in New York and the sum
realized on his credit in China, which is legs by
$2,189 49 than the cost of the London credit, which
was $8,029 49.
Tins very considerable difference on compara-
tively so small an investment would, peihaps, be
diminished by two months' interest on the whole
amount, owing to the different dates of the drafts.
The proceeds of the San Francisco draft would
have to be immediately invested in bullion for
shipment to China, while the draft on London
would not require to be drawn in China till the
purchase of the cargo is completed, which would
probably amount to the saving of sixty days' in-
terest, or about one percent. But even with this
deduction made, the balance would still be largely
in favor of the New York credit., while, at the same
time,-it would render the New York merchant in-
dependent of the London capitalist. Let the new
process be once reduced to a system, and New
York credits will be generally substituted for Lon-
don credits—making New York, instead of Lon-
don, the center of the great bullion trade of the
world.
But the question maybe asked, "what is the
American agent in China to do with his bullion
if the goods which have been ordered are not m
the market, or not attainable at the prices named
in his letter of instruction? Well, in that case,
he has only to invest the $44,160 m sterling bills
at six months sight at the usual exchange of four
shillings and tenpcnce to the dollar—the rate cal-
culated in the London credit—and he would have in
bills on London the amount of =£10,672, which is
<£472 better than the <=£10,200 or their equivalent, at
nine percent, premium, $49,408 80, in New York.
In the computation of these exchanges the Hong
Kong currency was taken for the basis. When
remittances shall be made by our San Francisco
and Shanghae steamers it will, of course, be ne-
cessary to use the Shanghae currency; but the
principle will remain the same—a Spanish or Mex-
ican dollar buying a dollar's worth of goods in"
either place.
At the present time, all purchases made by
American merchants in China for export to Cal-
