80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
3Tra Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
brain. I have not been disloyal to this Govern-
ment, and I do not intend to be. I have always
desired, and I now desire, the constitutional Union
of our fathers restored. I desire to see all the stars
blaze on our flag forever, each representing a free
sovereign State, in the full enjoyment of every
constitutional right, and my youthful fancy was
that this might be a sea-girt Republic, and that the
stars and stripes might wave over the whole con-
tinent and all the islands thereunto adjacent.
Senators know how zealously I labored to settle
this matter in the beginning. I counseled with
those who left us. I told them that they should
etayand fight the battle here. I believed,and hon-
estly believed, that coercion was not the way to
bring them back. Others differed with me. They
may be right; 1 may be wrong. Time alone will
determine that. I shall not discuss it. Hut I have
looked somewhat into the history of the world,
and I have seen no instance of confederate States
that have been held together by coercion. I read
in ancient history tlint the Amphictyomc league,
the wisest, perhaps, ot'Grecian confederacies, was
destroyed by an appeal to this doctrine of coer-
cion. Tile majority of the States undertook to co-
erce one of the States—the I'hocians. They called
in Philip of Mucedon, too ready to avenge their
quarrels. What was the result? That celebrated
league was destroyed; Philip came and possessed
himself of a large portion of the territoiies of the
Grecian States. 111 after time, 111 the history oi
that jti.stly celebrated people, the /Vchreun league
existed. Coercion was attempted 011 n delinquent
State; the Romans were culled 111; and that league
was overthrown, and the last hopeof Grecian lib-
erty perished.
Plulip 11, of Spain, instead of yielding to the
just demands of the people o'f the Netherlands,
undertook coercion, and after a war of over thirty
years, tile Low Countries wen: wiested from his
dominions by the determined and heroic valor of
William the Silent and his successors and their
brave followers.
Ureut. Britain turned a deaf ear to the just de-
mands of our lathers, undertook to coerce them,
and lost lorever t he richest of her colonies. These
|>ertinent, and to me instructive, examples, con-
firm me in the opinion that our wisest and best
policy was compromise and conciliation, not co-
ercion and war.
I believed that we could do more by compromise
and conciliation than by eneirion. That was my
f from the beginning. 1 counseled that. My
belie
advice was not taken. "Other gentlemen quite as
patriotic, and I dare say—indeed I know—much
wiser than 1, thought differently. 1 have to sub-
mit to their judgment. 1 am Imtone. My coun-
sels were not followed; my advice not taken. If
they had been, 1 am confident we, should have
settled this matter by peaceful means, by adopt-
ing amendmeiils to the Constitution that would
have satisfied the cotton States, tile entire. South,
and thus have saved the Union, and averted this
bloody and expensive civil war which so sorely
devastates our once prosperous, free, and happy
country.
But 1 am astonished that my colleague, after
laying down the very conect principle he did 111
Mr. K tank's case, should think that I should be
expelled because 1 was opposed to coercion and
war. Why, sir, I remember that. Lord Chatham
and Mr. Ktirke thundered 111 the ears of the Brit-
ish P&ilmment opposition to the war against our
fatheis. Lord Chatham introduced tesolutions
into the British Parliament, and discussed them
with great eloquence, great force, and great abil-
ity, demanding the recall ol the troops from Bos-
ton; and vet they have been decreed by thepi<]<v-
ment ol mankind patriots and wise statesmen.
I lie himeuted Douglas made a most able and elo-
quent speech against coercion in this Chamber in
Maich last, extiacts from which I have read to
the Senate. 1 have also rend extracts from the
speeches of iiie most illustrious of our fathers—.
statesmen eminent for their ability and patriotism
—who opposed this doctrine of coercion. In op-
posing coercion, 1 have but followed the teachings
of our wisest statesmen.
_ Mr. {'resident, this country has been eno-ao-ed
in wars before this. The war of was "o'Lio'
on when I was an infant. I discover, in loSkin?
into the congressional proceedings of that time',
that there were many members who voted against
supplies of men and money. Even last night,
after my colleague so fiercely arraigned me, I took
up the proceedings of Congress and X noticed that
an act to provide additional military force in the
year 1813, was opposed most vehemently by Mr.
Josiah Gluincy, of Massachusetts, and others.
They thought the force was going to be used to
invade Canada. I did not read the debate at largo,
but I read enough to show that that was the lead-
ing idea upon which they based their opposition.
They opposed the increase of the Army, and the
vote on the passage of the bill stood—yeas 77,
nays 42. Would it have been just if those gen-
tlemen honestly entertained the sentiments they
expressed, to have expelled them from the House
on the ground that they were not loyal to the
country ?
In the war with Mexico there were men who
voted against supplies for our Army, and my col-
league, who was a member of the other House at
that time, declared in a speech, which 1 noticed
last night in the Globe, that lie intended to vote
nien and money, and yet he denounced the Pres-
ident as a usurper for bringing 011 the war; and I
find that my colleague voted against the Treasury
note and loan bill at that day. I saw among the
names of those who voted against it a Mr. Foot.
I believe it is the honoiable Senator who so wor-
thily represents the State of Vermontin this Hall.
Tho honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
Kino.] was also among the nays. The vote 011 that
bill was, yeas 119, nays 47. It was a proposition
to borrow 10,000,000, and issue Treasury notes.
There are now three gentlemen in this House who
voted against that bill. I certainly would not
think of arraigning those honorable gentlemen for
that vote. I nave no doubt they acted conscien-
tiously—did what they thought was right—and
perhaps their vote was right. I am not sitting in
judgment upon it; but I merely note these things
to show you that honorable and patriotic gentle-
men might give a vote even against war supplies
without being justly obnoxious to the charge of
disloyalty.
Then there were some gentlemen who voted
against a bill supplementary to an act providing
tor the prosecution of the war, about the troops,
&c. This bill was of no great importance. My
colleague and those other gentlemen named voted
against that bill, and so did many members of the
Whig pari y at that day. I do not know tho vote
on the mam bill. I merely mention those things,
not to censure, but to show to the Senate that
honorable gentlemen, patriotic gentlemen, gontie-
men who love their country, may speak, and vote
even, against men and money without being cen-
sured and driven from their places on the ground
of disloyalty.
Senators, after listening attentively, as I did, to
the speech of my colleague, his whole ground is
that I have not voted to carry outthese war meas-
ures. In my action in this body, I have 011 all
occasions spoken and voted in such manner as I
thought was right; and while I retain a seat here I
will continue to do so; I will utter my honest sen-
timents. I will vote for or against measures as J
may think them right or wrong. That it is my
duty to do, and I should be an unworthy repre-
sentative of a free people unless 1 did so. While
I do that, I am not prepared, and do not intend,
to impeach tile loyalty of others because they differ
from me. 11 it conies to that, that a Senator cannot
speak and vote as he thinks proper and right with
out expulsion, then the majority are masters and
the minority arc slaves, and a seat in the American
oenate would no longer be desired by an honest
man ora patriot. I never have given a vote, I never
have made a speech, 1 never have uttered a senti-
ment, I never have advocated a principle that I did
not believe was calculated to promote the public
good, to preseivetlie constitutional Union, and to
'■econstruct the broken Confederacy. That has
„ -  u patriotic.
senators, 1 am obliged to you for your atten-
tion. 1 submit this case to your impartial judg-
ments, and i feel that you will decide it in a man-
ner becoming your high character. After the
report of the committee i should not have said a
word but for the extraordinary speech of my col-
league. I was driven to reply to that speech. The
committee, consisting of gentlemen opposed tome
politically with one exception, five of them Re-
publicans, after a full investigation made a report
adverse to the resolution; and I certainly should
have rested the case on that report without say-
ing one word to the Senate; and if my colleague
had confined himself strictly to the record, I did
not propose to open my mouth. I again thank
you for the indulgent and patient attention with
which you have listened to me.
APPENDIX.
Resolutions adopted by the Union Stale Convention
held in Louisville 011 the 8th of January, 1861.
The following resolutions were reported to the
Union Democratic State convention by a com-
mittee composed of the following gentlemen, to
wit: Governor Dixon, W. G. Thompson, Judge
Barkee, J. P. Barbour, Alexander Lusk, J. F.
Bullitt, John Jackson, V. B. Young, T. L. Jones;
and to the Union State convention by the follow-
ing committee, to wit: Hon. Garrett Davis, Hon.
Joshua P. Bell, J. L. Shackelford, W. L. Under-
wood, John W. Crocket, Z. Wheat, Thomas W.
Riley, VV. C. Goodloe, P. B. Muir, J. B. Hus-
ton, Orlando Brown, James Taylor, were unani-
mously adopted by both meetings:
" Resolved, That the people of Kentucky place thchisrh-
e?t estimate on the Union of the^o Slates, on tonus t.ui and
lust to all of its members; it is a Union made and com-
mended to us by our patuotie ancestor, a? a priceless leg-
acy tu be picket vert l>v then chifdieti; that it will not coft
a tithe of the patriotism and toibearance to save it that it
did our father to make it; that it affoids us a bettei gov-
ernment for peace and liberty at home and defense against
aggiea&ion from abroad than is likely to be made out oi its
parts.
" Resolved, That although we of the slave States, and
especially of Kentucky, luive tfieat leason to complain of
bad fellowship and wrongs done us both m character and
propeity by some of lite citizens of the fiee States, arid the
States them&eives, wno have bioken faith with us undone
astray fiom the landmaiksof oui fathers, yet we aie ai-
dentlv attached to our national Union; and, trusting that
they wdl yet give us that justice we demand, and without
which we cannot be tnends, we stdl proclaim omselvcsin
favor of tho Union, and so long n^thetf is hope ofpieseiv-
ing it on the basis of the Constitution, we vviil maintain
and defend it.
" Resolved, That all laws of thcficc States which nullify
and impair the full and fan operation of the lumuve slave
law aie in conflict with the national Constitution, and we
demand their repeal at the earliest piaeticable moment.
u Resolved, That we consider the election of a President
by one section of the Union on the ground of opposition to
the institutions of the othei as a severe test ol the patiiotisrn
and l'orbe.uance of the minouty; but that notwithstanding
this ill-adviM'd expeiimenr on the hatmony of the Union,
we do not regard the election of Abraham Lincoln as a
cause lor its dissolution.
" Rctoh-cd, That we have in the majority of both Houses
of the next Congress a sufficient seem itv agamst any de-
signs oi aggression upon the rights of the South, and that it
is the duty of the southern States to avail themselves of tins
fact in the operation of our institutions, and not desert the
Union at this crisis, when we have a victorv instead of a
defeat in the mam depaitments ot the Federal"Government,
especially as those departments are sustained by a laige
majority of the populai vote ot the United States.
" Resolved, That if this anti-slavery party s-hould increase
in strength, and be able to eairy out its puiposes in the use
of the Federal Government, the South lias ample means ot*
lesistance, and is fully able, at any time, to resist unconsti-
tutional aggressions; and we have, therefore, no need to
adopt hastily this last resort.
a Resolved, That the claim set up by a majority of the ftee
States to ali the teiritoi), and the assumption of the ught
to restrict the South fiom the occupancy of any of the com-
mon Teintones witii their institutions, is umu*t and uncon-
stitutional, and will not be submitted to bvafiee people
jealous of their lights.
"Resolved, That we hneby iccommt-md the adoption of
the proposition of oui distinguished Senatot, Tohn 1 Crit-
tenden, as a fair and honorable adjustment of the difficul-
ties which divide and distract the people of our beloved
countiy, which aie a* follows ;
"Joint resolution piopo^mg ceitain amendments to the
Constitution ot the United States.
" Whereas seiious and alauning dissensions have arisen
between the northern and southern States concerning the
rights ot the ^laveholdmg States, and especially then rights
in the common territoiy ot the United States; and whereas
it is eminently deniable and proper that those dissensions
which novvthreaten tho very existence of this. Union should
be petmanently quieted and settled by constitutional pro-
visions which shall do equal justice to ail sections, and
thereby restore to the people that peace and good will which
ought to pievail between all the citizens of the United
States: Therefore,
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
Lnitcd States ofjlmericain Congress assembled, (two thud;?
ot both Houses concurring,) That the following articles be,
and are hereby, proposed and submitted as amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, which shall be valid
to all intents and purposes as part of said Constitution
when ratified by conventions of three fourths of the several
States.
