1862.
the congressional globe.
579
months' volunteers of Indiana have not been pro-
vided for bylaw; bat I will not stand in the way
of the action of the House. We can have the mat-
ter adjusted in a separate bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its opeiation
the bill was passed.
And then, on motion of Mr. BLAKE, (at ten
minutes before five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 31, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was I'cad.
Mr. ANTHONY. I notice that the Journal rc- <
c&rds the resolution to print extra copies of the '
eulogies on the late Senator Baker as having been
reported favorably by the Committee on Printing.
It was reported without recommendation. I hope
the correction will be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) That correction will be made.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADFi presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for the enactment of a general bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Ohio, in favor of the emancipation of the slaves
of rebels; which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Illinois, m favor of the emancipation of
slaves, with compensation to loyal masters; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. W1LMOT presented the petitionofThom-
as R.Percival, of Philadelphia, praying compen-
sation for losses sustained by ins illegal arrest and
imprisonment by order of the War Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Iowa in favor of the establishment of
a Governmental senal and armory at Rock Island,
Illinois; which were ordered to be punted.
MESSAGE 1'ROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; m which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 209) making appropriations for the
support of the Awny for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the service of the year ending the 30th of June,
186*2; and
A bill (No. 256) for the relief of Plnhp Speyer
& Co., of the city of New York.
WASHINGTON RAILWAY.
Ml f GR.IAIES. I wish to say a word in the
nature of a personal explanation. Yesterday I
was instructed by the Committee on the District
of Columbia to present a substitute in the place
of five or six bills that had been refericd to that
committee, authorizing the construction of a rail-
road in this District. The bill that is presented
by the committee does not create a close corpora-
tion. It author'zes certain commissioners, nine
in number, to open books; and when the books
aie opened, and the company is formed, the du-
ties of these commissioners aie to cease. A blank
was left for the names of the commissioners until
the bill was jeady to be reported, and I sought to
obtain the names of gentlemen who had the rmi- ,
lidence of this community, and who weie well 1
known Ivro, Among other names that weie in- ,
serted wa< that of Mr. Peter II. Watson, at pres- ,
ent the Third Assistant Secietary of War. 1 have j
to say that all the names that were inserted in that '
bill were put in by me upon my own resfjonsibil- '
i!y, without conference with anybody. Knowing ,
his leputatioii, I saw fit to include his name among '
the commissioners. Mr. Watson protests against
his name being included, for the reason that he has
never been a corporator in any company, a#d has
never been interested m any job or any specula-
tion of any kind, and he desires that his name
shall be strickcn out. I think it is due to Mr.
Watson, and to the gentlemen whose names were
inserted, on my own responsibility solely,simply
as commissioners to act as trustees for the benefit
of the District, that I should make this explana-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Does the Senator from Iowa make a motion in
reference to any action?  
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I have merely made
an explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was in hopes that my
friend would call up this bill and let us pass it.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill is printed and on
our tables. It is a bill of such pressing and im-
mediate importance that I think we can very well
consider and pass it this morning. The subject
has been very fully debated heretofore, and there
is really no occasion for any further debate upon
it. It has been debated here year after year.
Mr. GRIMES. I am ready to pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio submit a motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I move that it be
now taken up.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not read it. It has
just been laid on our table.
Mr.HALE. I hopeitwillnotbetaken upnow.
It has just this moment been placed on our tables,
and we have not had time to read it. It is an im-
portant bill, which has occupied a good deal of
attention heretofore, and I hope will not be taken
up now.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us make it the special or-
der for to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a matter of great
importance, but 1 will not press my motion. I
will adopt the suggestion of my friend from Iowa,
and move to make it the special order for to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will require a two-
third vote. I had not examined this bill, which
has just been laid on our tables, and I do not
know what it contains; but if it contains any pro-
vision whatever by which a railroad is to be made
without leaving the stock open to subscription by
the community, I shall oppose it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe it dous contain
that provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does theSen-
ator from Ohio withdraw his motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so, and let the Sen-
ator from Iowa take his own course m regard to
his bill.
DISLOYAL PENSIONERS.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was ivferied the bill (II. R. No. 139)
authorizing the Secretary of (he interior to strike
from the pension rolls the names of such persons
as have taken up aims against the Government,
or who may have m any manner encouraged the
rebels, have* instructed me to report the same back,
with a recommendation that it pass. As the bill
is very short, and will not, I trust, meet with op-
position from any quarter, I hope it may be put
on its passage now. It is but two or three line5?.
On being read, if any Senator objects, of course
it must go over.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
asm Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the Secretary of the Interior to strike from the
pension rolls the names of all such persons as
have or may hereafter take up aims against the
Government of the United States, orwho Jmve in
any manner encouraged the rebels, or manifested
a sympathy with their cause
Tlu/bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator who re-ported this bill—I am in favor of it—
that the words, " upon satisfactory evidence,"
ouiiht to be inserted before the expicssion as to
their sympathy.
I move to insert after the word " directed" the
words "upon satisfactory evidence." I think, as
the bill stands now, it will place it jn the power
of any malicious person, an enemy of a person
who has a pension, to prefer charges to the Sec-
retaty whieh, on investigation, may prove to be
untrue; and iheie ought to be m his mind satis-
factoiy evidence before he proceeds to a step of
this kind. Therefore I would suggest that these
words be inserted in the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly hope that the Sec-
retary ot the Intel ior will not,without satisfactory
evidence, take upon him to strike any man's name
from the pension roll. It is to be presumed that
he will act upon this bill just as the Senator from
California suggests. It is quite true that some
malicious person may make a charge against one -
whose enemy he is, now on the pension roll, and
the Secretary therefore might,®under a mistake,
strike his name off; and that supposition is just'
as likely to prove true if we put in the" words
"upon satisfactory evidence," because perjury
may be committed and injustice may be done a
man on the strongest reasons. That is, putting
in " satisfactory evidence," or any other clause,
requiring the utmost scrutiny on the part of the
Secretary,will not prevent malicious persons from
doing wrong. It will not, however, at all, as I
apprehend, alter the rule on which the Secretary
will act; and inasmuch as this is a House bill,
and the amendment would make it necessary that
it should go back to the House, and it will not
really protect either the public or any individual,
as it seems to me, 1 hope that the amendment will
not be made.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely offered it as a sug-
gestion to perfect the bill; but after the statement
made by the Senator, I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was ordered to a third, reading, was
read the third time, and passed. 1
OFFICERS FOR THE "WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
180) authoi izing the detail of naval officers for the
service of the War Department; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to consider
this bill now. It is a matter of very small conse-
quence, but it is thought in some quarters that it
is important that it should be passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read at length for information.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize the
President to detail tempoiarily thiee competent
naval officers for the scivice of the War Depart-
ment in the inspection of transport vessels, and
for such other service as may be designated by the
Secretary of War.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Docs any Sen-
ator object to the present consideration of this bill?
The Chair hears no objection, and the bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that the only
objection that could possibly be uiged to thepas-
sago 0-f this bill would be the, implication it might
convey that the President does not possess already
the power that will be conferred by the bill. He
does possess it, in my apprehension, to the fullest
extent; I think there is no necessity for any act
of tins kind; and yet in some quarters there are
doubts entertained; and in order to relieve every-
body from those doubts, and also to manifest the
sentiment on the part of Congress that, there should
be some proper inspection of these vessels before
our volunteeis are put on board of them to be re-
moved to distant portions of the country, it seems
to me very proper that we should pass it. It may
also obviate another trouble. On account of the
present scarcity of naval officers, the Navy De-
partment may possibly object to the detail of these
officers without the authority of Congress. It is
perhaps not improper for me to say that the War
Department desires that an inspection of this kind
should be allowed.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to bo engrossed for a third reading; and it was
read the third lime, and passed.
OREGON AND "WASHINGTON WAR DEBT.
Mr. NESM1TH. I move that the Senate post-
pone all the prior orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution, (No. 25,) pre-
scribing the mode of paying the awards authorized
by the"act of 9d March, 1861, for settling the
Washington and Oregon war debt.
Mi. HALE. I wish to have the joint resolu-
tion read before I vote upon the question of taking
it up.
The joint resolution was read. Its object is to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury in settling
the claims arising under the act of 2d March,
1861, to provide'for the payment of expenses
incurred by the Territories of Washington and
Oregon, in the suppression of Indian hostilities
therein, in the years 1855 and 1856," to allow in-
terest upon all such claims fiom the date of the
passage of the act, when they are paid in the time
bonds of the United States.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will not be taken up
