THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. BIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 3862.
New Series.....Nq. 161.
motion to reconsider on the table; and upon that
I demand the yens and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That motion has once
been voted down.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Business has trans-
pired since.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I make that point of
order.
The SPEAKER. As other business has trans-
pired since that motion was made, the Chair over-
rules the point of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 8G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William j. Allen, Aneona, Baily, Bid-
die, Jacob B. Blair, Geotge II. Browne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Coming, Cox, Ciavens, Critten-
xU>n, Delapkune, Dunl.ip,English, Fouke,Cianger, Grider,
Hai^ht, Harding, Ilamson, llolman, Horton, Johnson,
William Kellogg, Kerugan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leary,
Lehman, Malloiy, May. Maynaid, Menzies, Noble, Noel!,
Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Pitee, Robin-
son, James S. Rollins, Segar, Sheffield, Slue!, Smith, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Styles, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Fiancis Thomas, Vallandigham, Vibbard .Vooihees, Wads-
worth, Waid, Webster, Chilton A. YVhite, Wicklille,
Woodiuff, and Wright—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake,
Buflinton, Buinharn, Casey, Chambeiiin. Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conklimr, Xio-coe Conkhng, Covoile, Davh,
Dawes, Delano, Duellj Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Elv, Fes-
senden, Fit-her, Fiunchot, Frank,Gooch,Goodwin, Gurley,
Hale, H.tnehett, Hickman, Hooper, Hutclnns, Julian, Kel-
ley, Fi.meis W. Kellogg, Killitiger, Landing, Loom.**, Love-
joy, Low, Mclvmght, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead,
An^on P. Morrill, Justin S. Momll, Nixon, Timorhy G.
Phelps, Pike, Poincioy, Poitei, Potter, Alexandei II. Rice,
John 11. Rice, Riddle, Edvvanl H. Rollins, Saigent, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Shellabaiger, Sloan, Spuuidmg, Steven^,
Stiatton, Tiatn, Trimble, Trowbndge, Van Horn, Van
Valkenbingh, Verree, W.ill, Wallace, Walton,Washburne,
Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windorn, and Woiceatei—88.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 84, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Aldiieb, Alley, Arnold, Ashley,Babbitt,
Baker. Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Fiancis P Blan, Blake.
Bullinton, Burnham, Chambeihn, Clark, Colfax, Fiedei ick
A. Conkhng. Ro>coe Conkhng, Covode, Davis, Diuve^,
Delano, DuHl, Dunn, Edserton, Edwards.,' Ely, Fe?<-enden,
Fianchot, Fiank, Gooch,Goodwin.Guilev. Hale. Hanchett,
Hickman, Uoopci, Hutchms, Juliau, Kelley, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, Killlngci, Laii5in<;, Loosm*-, Lovcjoy, Low, Me-
Knight, McPheison. Mitcltell, Moorhead. An-on P. Moiuil,
Justin S. Momll, Nivon, Timothv G. Phelps, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Poiter. Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edwaul II. Rolling Sargent, Sedgwick, Shank*,
Shellabarger. Sloan, Spauldin?, Stevens, Stiatton, Tiani,
Trimble, Trowbndge, Van Hoin, Van Valkenbingh, Ver-
ree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Wa-hbnrne, Albert S. Wlutc,
Wilson, VVindoin, and Woicesier—84.
NAVS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Aneona, Baiiv, Bid-
dle, Jacob B. Blair, Geoige II. Browne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Clement-, Cobb, Coming. Cox, Cravens, Cutten-
d«m. D-'laplaine, Dunlap, Fouke, Granger. Grub r, Haiglu,
Haidiu<r, Harrison, Hobnail, Horton, Johnson, William
Kellog-i, Keni an, ICnapp, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman.
Malloiy, May,"m<i) naul, mf'nzies, Noble, Noc.ll, Norton,
iVii"{'ii, Pendleton. John S. Phelps, Price, Robint-on, James
S. Rollins, Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Styles, B<*ii)amiu F. Thomas, Fiancis
Thomas, Vallaudisrhani, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Wndsworih.
Waid, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wickhffe, Woodiuff,
and Wiight—64.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. PORTER. The House seems to be very
full, and as geiiUem^ have heard the substitute
read, t propose now, if there be no objecuon^to
oftVr that amendment as a substitute for bill No.
472.
Mr. KILL1NGER. I object to that.
Mr. POR TER. If' there be objection to that, I
move that House bill No. 472 be recommitted to
the special committee upon confiscation, with in-
structions to report the amendment which has
been read at the Clerk's desk, as a substitute for
that bill; and upon that 1 call the previous ques-
tion
161
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to allow me to suggest an amendment to
the second section of the substitute.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the gen-
tleman yielding.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman can accept
it himself.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
cannot yield the iloor for the purpose of having
the amendment read, unless he yields absolutely.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is but a verbal amend-
ment I wish to suggest,
Mr. PORTER. As there is objection, I must
adhere to my demand for the previous question.
Mr. D1VEN. I also appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to allow me to offer a substitute, and
let it go to the committee together with the one he
has olfercd.
Mr. PORTER. I cannot, as I, must treat all
alike.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to recommit with in-
structions.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided infc
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxfei, Beaman, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Blake,
Buftinton, Bum ham, Chaml>e lin, Claik, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conklmg, Itoscoe Conklinsi, Covode, Davi-?, Dawes,
13uoll? Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Ely, Fessemlen, Fisher,
Fianchot, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Guiley, Hale, Ilan-
chett, Ihcknr.m, Hooper, Hntchins, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg. KiUinger, Landing, Loomis, Lovcjoy,
Low, McKnight, McPheison, Mitchell. Moorhead, Anson
P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill. Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Pomciov, Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John
II. Rice, Riddio, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shank*, Sliellabarger, Sloan, Hpaulding, Stevens, Stiat-
ton, Train, Tumble, Trowbndge, Van Horn, Van Valk-
enburgh, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washburne,
Albert S.White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—84.
NAYS—Messis. William J. Allen, Baily, Biddie, Jacob
B Blair, George H. Biowne, William G. Brown, Calvert,
Clements, Cobb, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, Del-
ano, Delapiaine, Dunlap, English. Fouke, Gianger, Grider,
Haiglit, Harding, llanis-on, Holinan, Horton, Johnson,
William Kello-rir, Kerugan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leary,
Lehman, Mallory, May, Maynard, Menzies, Noble, Noell,
Norton, Nunen, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Pnce, Robin-
son, James S. Rollins, Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John
B.Steele, William G. Steele, Styles, Benjamin F.Thomas,
Fianci> Thomas. Vallandigham, Vibbaid, Voorliees, Wadb-
worih, Ward. Wobstci,Chilton A. White,Wicklitre, Wood-
rulV, and Wiight—G6.
So the bill was recommitted with instructions.
Mr. PORTER, moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. POH.TER. I ask that the amendment may
be printed.
No objection being made, the amendment was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill which I propose to offer as a sub-
stitute when this case comes back fiom the com-
mittee, merely that it may be printed.
No objection being made, the bill was reported
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the following bill mid resolution;
in which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested:
An act (No. 307) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to settlers on ceitain lots in Wisconsin; and
A joint resolution (No. 83) to encourage the en-
listment m the regular Army and volunteer forces.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES,
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for repoits,
commencing with the Comnutteeon the Judicial y.
Mr. WILSON, from theCommittee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with amendments, an act
(S. No. 83) to amend the act of March 3, 1857,
entitled (t An act supplementary to the act entitled
4 An act to amend the judiciary sys,tem of the,
United States.'M . .
The amendments were read, as follows:
First amendment:
Strike outthe districts of Ohio and Kentucky shall con-
stitute the seventh circuit; the districts of Indiana, MJch"
igan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota shall constitute the eighth
circuit; the districts ot'IHinois,Missouri, Kansas,and Iowa
shall constitute the ninth circuit," and insert" the districts
of Ohio, Kentucky, and Michigan fcball constitute the
seventhciicuit; thodistticts of Indiana,Illinois,and Wis-
consin shall constitute the eighth circuit; the districts of
Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas shall constitute the
ninth circuit."
Second amendment: ,
Strike out, in the same section, " except in the district of
Iowa, in which the circuit court shall be holden at the cap-
ital of the State on the second Tuesday in May and Novem-
ber of each year, at which times and places terms of the
district couit shall he holden : Provided, This actsliall not
mterfeie with the termsof said district court no\y provided
by law for said district."
Third amendment:
In the following clause strike out the part in brackets,
and insert the word " October'* in the place of " April
"That all actions,suits, prosecutions,eau^es, pleas, process,
and other proceedings relative to any cause, civil or crim-
iu.il, [which might have been biought and could have been
originally cognizable in a circuit court,] now pending m or
returnable to the seveial district courts of Texas, Florida,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas, acting as circuit
courts, [or so empowered to aft,} on the 1st day of April
next, shall be, and are heieby declared to be, respectively,
transferred, returnable, and continued to the several circuit
couits constituted by this act, to be holden within the said
districts, respectively "
Mr. WASHBURNE. This is an important
matter, and 1 would suggest to the gentleman that
he will postpone its consideration for a limited
time.
Mr. WILSON. I prefer to say what I have
to say now, and then I have no objection to post-
poning the matter.
Mr. Speaker, I intend to demand the previous
question on the third reading of this bill, but be-
fore doing so I wish to submit a few remarks in
explanation of the bill and amendments.
The objcct of the bill is to correct the present
most unjust organization of the judicial circuits
of the United States, and to so organize them that,
as far as practicable, all parts of the country may
receive their due proportion of the benefits aris-
ing from the present judicial system. A recon-
struction of the system is not proposed, but sim-
ply a fair and equitable adjustment of the circuits,
so that, whether thesystem be perfector imperfect,
all sections shall shaie alike in such advantages
as to it may belong. That Congress should take
some action in this regard, I think will not be
questioned by any one, certainly by no one who
has given the subject even the slightest degree of
thought and examination.
The principal feature of the bill is that which
adds to the States now embraced in the extraor-
dinatily large circuit of J udge Swayne, theStates
of Kentucky, Missouri, Wisconsin, Iowa, Min-
nesota, and* Kansas, and then divides the whole
into threecircuits. The population of these Stales
is, according to the last census, as follows:
Ohio  2,339,590
hldiatii:::: 
Illinois  '-/aim
  
Wisconsin  }%>%£
Minnesota  jUPnfS
Iowa 
674.948
    1,182.317
. ......... ........
KSS^f:;:;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 'mjli
Total .lo^iaaii
This is about one third of the entire population
of the United States, is considerably more than
one third of the free population of all the States,
and nearly equal to the total population of the
slaveholding States, which are now divided into
five circuits, thus securing to them, under the
present arrangement of the circuits, a majority of
the judges of the Supreme Court. This factalone
is sufficient to expose the unfairness of the present
arrangement of the circuits, and forms & powerful
argument in favor of the passage of pending
bill. 1 " '
