580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
January 31,
this morning. I never knew until yesterday what
the nature of it wag. The question has been very
much debated in t* eSenate,and the general prin-
ciple is that the Government do not pay interest.
I should like to see what the precedents are. I
desire to see whether the Government paid Mas-
sachusetts interest on her debt that was in exist-
ence about fifty years before it was paid. There
are several cases that I should like to examine.
I wish the Senator would let it lie over until next
week.
Mr. NESMITH. I have no desire to urge this
matter on the Senator from New Hampshire, but
it is a case of absolute necessity. The claims are
being presented and paid, and inconvenience will
be occasioned if the passage of the resolution be
delayed. The resolution does not provide for any
interest after the time that the debts are ascertained
to be due; that is, the date of the passage of the act.
The question was before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who made a report, which accom-
panies the joint resolution. I ask the Secretary
to read that re-port; it explains the whole case.
Mr. HALE. I prefer that the Senator should
consent to let it lie over. I do not know that I am
opposed to it; but I want to examine it. I knew
nothing of it until yesterday.
Mr. NESMITH. To accommodate the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, I withdraw my mo-
tion.
LONDON INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 move that the Senate take
up the joint resolution reported by the Committee
on Foreign Relations with reference to the indus-
trial exhibition in London.
. The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 38) m addition to a resolution rel-
ative to the exhibition of the industry of all nations,
to be held in London during the year 18G2, was
rend the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that for the pur-
pose of enabling the President to carry into effect
the resolution of Congress, approved 527th July,
1861,44 relative to the exhibition of the industry
of all nations, at London, in the year 18(i;V the ji
sum of 135,000 is to be appropriated, it being tin- |!
derstood that its application shall be determined i:
and regulated by the President. Such comnus- j
sioners as the President shall think propei to rep- j
resent the industry of the United States at the I
exhibition are to be appointed by him; but all sal- i
aries of commissioners, if any, shall be allowed, !
as well as all expenses of freight, transportation, j
agencies, and storage, and all charges of all kinds, j
shall be brought within the limits of the appro- j
priation. j
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make one amend- |
nient. I move to strike out the word salaries" :
in the fourteenth line, and to insert "expenses." i
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was jepoited to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concumd
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third loading; and it was read the
third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HALE. 1 want the yeas and nays on that
question. 1 am entirely opposed to this whole
thing.
j\li. SUMNER. TiieSenatoi- from Now Hamp-
shire objects to the passage of tin1 joint resolution,
but he assigns no reason. When I make a per-
sonal appeal to him he rleelims to answer. Of
course that is according to his right. He may be
silent, though we are always too happy when he
speaks. It belongs to me, therefoi e, Minpl y to ex-
plain the resolution, and that is all j shall do.
At the called session of Congress, in July last,
a joint resolution was adopted in the following
words:
" That the Picsidcnt bo. and lie lu'ieby is, authni tzed to
take such measim.^ *hail to him sei>m be-.? to ineilitate a
proper icpresontationofthc iiuhisttialinteie*ts0lthe United
Mates at the exmbiuon ot the industry of all nations to be
holtk'n at Loudon m the year 1 feS-}; and the miui <>l ,*2.(KH)
nereby appropuated lor the incidental expense theu-oi
This resolution passed through Congress
was approved_ by the President on the 27th of
July. Under it, a commission was organized by
the President, oi—which the Secretary of State was
the chairman. Associated with him were eminent
gentlemen of different walks of life, from different
parts of the country 
Mr. GRIMES. What parts?
Mr. SUMNER. All parts—the West, the
North, and the East*
Mr. GRIMES. Who from the West?
Mr. SUMNER. You will find the names on
the list. At a meeting here in Washington a sub-
committee was organized, to which was confided
the direction of the business. Through this com-
mittee a correspondence has been conducted with
persons interested in this exhibition all over the
country; products of our industry have been gath-
ered at New York, to bo forwarded to London;
but their proceedings have all been stopped for
want of means; and the question now is simply
this: will the Senate allow the business which has
been commenced under their auspices to fall to
the ground, or will they make the needful appro-
priation in order to carry it forward ?
We have one precedent bearing on this case.
Ten years ago there was an industrial exhibition
in London, which attracted the attention of the
I civilized world. There was no provision made
in advancebytheGovernmentoftheUnited States
for any representation there, but patriotic citizens
interested in the exhibition came forward at the
last moment, volunteered money and representa-
tion, and through their activity we became hon-
orably known there; so, indeed, I think I may
say, as*to gain renown for our industrial products
throughout the world. I do not wish to exagger-
ate; but nobody can forget the triumph of the
American reaper or the American mower on that
occasion, i believe I state what cannot be denied
when 1 say that, through the representation of
American industry at that exhibition, we gained
not only fame abroad, but new fields of activity
for our industry,and new markets for our homely
but most useful products.
Now. there is to he a new exhibition, and , as I
have said, the question is whether our country
shall be represented. It is necessary that some-
thing should be done by the Government if we are
to be represented. There must be an appropna-
tion in order to carry the representation forward.
The committee to whom this matter was referred,
after a most careful dehbeiation, not aeung, I as-
sure you, hastily, came to the conclusion that it
did belong to us to bo represented there, and they
recommended the appropriation of the modest
sum of $ !$5,()00. Peisons interested in the subject
desired a larger appropriation. The committee,
however, after taking everything into considera-
tion, were satisfied that $35,000 was the utmost
that they would recommend Congress, atthc pres-
ent moment, to supply. They have accordingly
made that recommendation in good faith, believing
that it in for the interests of the country that it
should be carried out.
1 do not know what objection my friend from
New Hampshire has to this appropriation. He,
peihaps, is against any representation there. If
so, I can understand that he should be against the
appropriation; hut is his objection founded on
giounds of economy peculiar to the present mo-
ment, or is it because he is against any such rep-
resentation at any timo? If it is founded on
| grounds of economy peculiar to the present, mo-
] ment, 1 must say 1 cannot enter into his idea,
j There is no one who appreciates more completely
I than myself the importance of our bending every
! corporeal and intellectual agency to the work of
j putting down this rebellion; but at the same time I
am unwilling that meanwhile all the glorious and
beneficent arts of peace should slumber Nor
would J, even while pushing this war to victory,
cease to watch with guardian care the industrial
i mteiesis of my couutiy. Those interests, 1 am
I Mil e, will be advanced if we cause them to be iep-
lesentud at this gi eat center of industry. It is not
simply because the exhibition is to be in London,
• or because it may open a market in London, but
j it is because through London we may approach
I all the great markets of the world; and while we
| make our products known in London, we may
; make them known wherever civilization extends.
| The exhibition will be an immense fair, to which
j exhibitors can have access only through their vo-
\d j, spective Go\ei mneuts. Let us not deprive Amer-
-e " ican citizens of this oppoitunity.
1 assume, therefoie, that my fitend cannot be
against our contributing to this exhibition simply
on grounds peculiar to this moment. It must be,
then, on some other, some broader, some more
general grounds, I must say that I cannot enter
into that idea cither. If it was good for us to be
represented there ten years ago—and I believe all,
after the exhibition had occurred, were satisfied
that it was good for us—I believe it would be bet-
ter for us to be represented now. I believe that
i all that my fiiend has at heart; I believe that the
1 interests of the people, the interests of the farm-
ers, the interests of the inventors, the interests of
the mechanics, the interests of all who toil, of all
who produce, will be promoted by this represent-
ation.
And now, sir, that the case may be completely
understood, as it is stated by those who have it in
charge, I shall take the liberty of sending to the
desk, and asking the Secretary to read, a letter
which has been communicated to me from the De-
partment of State, written by the chairman of the
executive committee of the commissioners, and
addressed to Mr. Seward. On this statement I
shall willingly leave the matter in the hands of the
Senate. I do not wish to press it unduly. I have
done my duty. It is for the Senate now to do
theirs.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
To Hon. William H. Seward, Chairman of the Board oj
Commissioners oj the London Exhibition:
As T am prevented from being present at the meeting of
the commissioners on the 24th by a previous engagement,
and presuming tliat the commissioners will take action as
to the proptiety of our bonis? represented at the exhibition,
notwithstanding the rejection by Congress of the appropu-
ation desired to cover expenses, I beg leave to make some
suggestion on the subject.
It appears to me, from reading the speeches in the House
as repoited, that the gentlemen "misapprehended the object
ot the exhibition, so lar as A naerica is concerned. It is not,
as I appiehend, mainly for the English nation that we de-
s-ne to be lepresented, but tor the other nations, who have
le-^ knowledge of our resources, and with whom we desire
to become acquainted thiough the exhibition, so as to se-
eiue heieaftei a share, at lea^t, of supplies to them, which
are mainly teceived from England at present. We are pie-
pared to compete with England inagieat variety of aiticles
which will be shown by our exhibitois ; and how can we
at «o small an expense convince the continental nations and
others of our ability to supply theii wants, as. through this
exhibition ?
No intelligent man, who hn« followed the exhibition of
18.")!, and marked its influence upon the nations there rep-
resented, so Un asAmeiicari aiticles are concerned, but
u hat nm-f, be convitx «'d that, from that year, the American
implements which weie there e\hihited, and for the fiist
tune biought to the notice ot the wotld. found lavoi abioad,
and the demand ha* eoiiunuallyjncieascd ; and we.at Ibis
d«iy, have the control ot the Au-tialian, Indian, and colo-
nial maiket^, as admitted by the English papers. Is it not
woith something to out couutiy thai this iias been secured;
and is it not ic.i-onable to suppose that this exhibition
would be still more advantageous to n*:1 Would it not be
deniable to make all the necessaiy airangements, so far as
we can, to encouiage our citizens in sending their contri-
butions?- I do not know to what extent the exhibitor will
he lepicscnted. Some aie aheady m England and in Eu-
rope, ie;uly for the exhibition; and fiom the inloimation
received fiom New Yoi k, tin ouch our agency theie, it is be-
lieved that aeoiisideiabk: piopoitioii of the exhibitois who
have made their entiies,expecting that their articles would
he sent by a Government vessel, will forward them at then-
own expense, rthould there be a respectable porti&i of our
exhibitors represented, it seems to me desuable that a com-
missioner, to repie^cnt us in London,should be piesent, to
take cluuge of the inrcicsts of our exhibitois.
I am aware that, m the ptesent <4ate of aflaus, nui ex-
hibition will be t,u less than it is de-uable, and that it will
not be an enviable position to tlio^e who may hi; called
upon to reptesent there ; but I tm->r theie ai-.1 those who
would disehatge the tuisttiom a sense of duti to their
country.
Our assor i,t(c. Mi. Multuiu, who will doubtle^ be with
von, wili be able to mfoim the commissioner a^. to the
pio-preN of oui hemg tauly repiesented, so far as New
Yoik is concerned.
1 hope that, unless some obstacle before the committor. -
eisol whieh 1 am not auaie should pievent. measuie*. may
he taken by which those who desire it may be piopeily
lepietteiifd in the exhibition.
I am, verv rospeettullv, your,
B. P. JOHNSON,
Chi-'irman of Ecccutivc Committee,
Albany, January ~0. IfcG2.
Mr. HALE. I was not aware that the Sena-
tor fiom Massachusetts made any personal appeal
tome. If he had, I should certainly have responded
to it, and I am about to respond now; but 1 am
afraid to state distinctly my ground of opposition
to this resolution for fear that I shall be set down
, as an opponent of the Administration. 1 am not.
' I will say, in the first place, that I do not like the
jomt*resolution any better since it has been
,j amended by inserting*4 expenses" instead of" sal-
!' aries." I know Mr. Jefferson once said, if we
■ ! could not alter things we could change their names.
■ i I am opposed to it; and 1 am opposed to it for
that reason amon£ others.
|! The President was authorized to appoint these
:l commissioners, and I want to say a word as to
1 how thoy were appointed. He devolved it, I be-
