2564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
in tfie various districts, it seems to me that there
is very little difficulty in accommodating the
wishesof the gentlemen from Tennesseeand Ken-
tucky, and in doing it at once. I suggest that an
amendment be now made detaching Tennessee
from the district that embraces Texas, Arkansas,
and Louisiana, and attaching it to that which em-
braces Kentucky, Ohio, and Michigan. That
can be done at once, and the matter disposed of.
It is suggested to me that there would be some
difficulty about the circuit judges. That is the
frhole difficulty. I fear that too many mantles
for Supreme Court judges have already been cut
outA and made up. If it were not for that, there
would be little trouble in arranging the States in
compact circuits. Now, sir, I have jio objection
for one to the members from Kentucky and Ten-
nessee arranging this matter to suit themselves.
Jt ougfet to be done ifit can be reasonably done,
and I think it ought to be done.
Mr. MAYNAllD. I hope the gentleman will
excludc me from that rather sweeping remark of
his.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I did not suppose
the gentleman had prepared one of these robes.
Mr. MENZIES. 1 would like to say a word
in reply to the gentleman, if he will allow me.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will except the
gentleman from Kentucky from the imputation
of any disposition to wear a black robe. There
seem to be only two in this House who really de-
sire to be excepted from that category.
Mr. WASHBURNE. One more.
Mr. I1ELLOGG, of Illinois. That is three.
A Member. Another.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Four, then. It
would seem that this is the most patriotic House
ever known in Washington.
These districts are compact. The district in-
cluding Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin is as com-
pact a district or circuit as can be made. The dis-
trict lying westof the Mississippi river is equally
compact and satisfactory to the people there. I
believe that the bill may be perfected at once, and
I hope that it will not be postponed even for the
purpose of making it a special order. The same
difficulty will arise to-day or to-morrow as exists
now; and if the gentleman who has charge of the
bill will permit the gentlemen to offer the amend-
ment which they have indicated, I do not think
that it will meet with any objection. I suggest
to the gentleman that he adhere to his first prop-
osition, and close up this matter in order that the
bill may go back to the Senate; and that these dis-
tinguished gentlemen who so much desire these
robes may have them put upon their shouldeis,
Mr. WILSON. If the gentlemen from Ken-
tucky and Tennessee can suggest an amendment
now that will satisfy them, I shall be glad to
hear it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. AVe may just as
well perfect the bill to-day as at any time.
Mr. MENZIES. I think that it can be done,
I wish to say that the gentleman from Illinois js
mistaken as to what is influencing us, because we
in Kentucky desire to remain in a district where
the judge is already appointed.
jVir, WICKLIEFE. Two judges live in it.
Mr. MENZIES. ifitwiil be agreeable to the
committee, we shall be content if Kentucky shall
be put in the same district which includes the
State of Tennessee.
Mr. WILSON. If that will satisfy the gentle-
men, I have no objection to it, and will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. MENZIES. I wish Kentucky to be in-
cluded in the same district with Tennessee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURNE, I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
cannot retain the floor all the time, and have
everybody else speak under his permission.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
can retain the floor for an hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I shall object to
any interruptions.
Mr. WILSON. I will offer as an additional
amendment the one suggested by the gentleman
from Tennessee, striking Kentucky out of the
Ohio circuit, and putting it in the Tennessee dis-
trict.
Mr. WICKLTFFE. That is not it.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know any better way
of ascertaining the desires of gentlemen than to
renew my original proposition; that is, to post-
pone this bill till next Wednesday, and make it
a special order for the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to making
it a special order?
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask consent to offer the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
That whenever the bill of costs and charges of any mar-
shal has been or *hail be taxed and certified by the proper
circuit court of which said marshal is an officer, such cer-
tificate shall be conclusive as to the amount of said bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object to that,
because I believe it is wrong, and I believe that
immense sums of money have been saved by the
rule adopted in the Interior Department.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone till Wednesday nextafter the morning hour,
and it was agreed to.
INELIGIBILITY TO OFFICE.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 371, de-
claring certain persons ineligible to office, with a
substitute.
The substitute was read. It provides that any
person elected or appointed to any office of honor
or profit under the Government of the United
States, either in the civil, military, or naval de-
partment, shall, before entering on th-e duties of
such office, and before beingentilled to any of the
salary or other emoluments thereof, take and
subscribe an oath that he had never voluntarily
borne arms against the Government of the United
States since he had been a citizen thereof; had vol-
untarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or
encouragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility thereto; had never sought or accepted or
attempted to exercise the functions of any office
whatever under any authority or pretended au-
thority in hostility to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; that he had neither voluntarily re-
nounced his allegiance to the Government of the
United States nor yielded a voluntary support to
any pretended government, authority, power, or
constitution hostile or inimical thereto; that he
will supportand defend the Constitution and Gov-
ernment of the United Suites and all laws made
in pursuance thereof, against all enemies,foreign
or domestic; bear true faith and allegiance to the
same; thart he takes the obligation without any
mental reservation or evasion; and that he will
well and faithfullydischarge the duties of the office
on which he is about to enter. This oath is to be
preserved among the files of the court, House of
Congress, or Department to which such office may
appertain; and any person falsely taking such
oath shall be guilty of perjury, and on conviction
thereof shall, m addition io the penalties now pre-
scribed, be deprived of his office, and rendered
incapable forever thereafter of holding any office
under the Government of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Iowa will permit this substitute to be
printed. The point that strikes me in it is this:
that it affords no opportunity for repentance. Men
may have gone into the rebel service and may have
since returned to their allegiance; and yet it is pro-
posed to render them forever ineligible to hold any
office under the Government of the United States.
That is the point which presents itself to me at
this moment.
Mr. WILSON. The substitute reported is of-
fered m lieu of the bill which I introduced some
time since, and is the fifth section of the bill of-
fered as an amendment by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mayvard] to House bill No. 472.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
a single sentence ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to say to the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,) that when
Esau sold his birthright he found no place for
repentance, although he sought it carefully.
Mr. WILSON. The substitute reported is not
so severe as the original section embraced m the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. The substitute applies only to persons
who have voluntarily engaged in this rebellion.
That exception was not made in the section of
the amendment oifeied by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Now, sir, the sole object of this bill is to keep
out of office under the Government of the United
States men who have taken up arms against the
United States, and who have endeavored to de-
stroy the Government under which we live. 3 do
not believe in repentance coming to men of this
kind who have used the official positions they
have held heretofore for the purpose of overturn-
ing the Government.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Iowa to allow me to present a point
just in this connection. A part of the oath pre-
scribed is as follows:
That I have neither sought nor accepted, nor attempted
to exercise the functions or any office under any authority
or pretended authority in hostility to the Government of
the United States.
I now desire to call the attention of the House
to the condition of the States of Tennessee and
Arkansas. I speak of these States particularly,
because one of them borders on my own district.
Now, sir, there are in those States clerks of courts,
magistrates, and municipal officers who may not
have been engaged in active rebellion. I know
there are such instances in the State of Arkansas.
I know that citizens of that State have been com-
pelled to submit to the powers that be, and yet
perhaps have exercised the duties of some local
office under the government of the State of Ar-
kansas, not political in its character, but merely
executive, for it is necessary that the peace shall
be kept even in a State in rebellion—men who
have held such offices as justices of the peace,
mayor of a city, alderman or councilman of a
city,and yet who may have been as loyal as they
could possibly be, situated as they are.
Mr. PORTER. Are they not excepted in the
bill?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No,sir; Idonot
see that they are excepted in the bill, and that is
the reason why I call the attention of the House
to the fact. If the majority of the House, how-
ever, are determined to pass this bill, I do not in-
tend to indicate any desire to delay action upon it,
but merely to say that I cannot sanction it.
Mr. WILSON. As I have said, the substitute
which has been proposed to the bill by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was, in substance, incor-
porated in the substitute pioposed by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,]
has just described the very machinery by which
the rebellion has been carried on. The State offi-
cers, the county officers, the town officers, officers
of the very character referred to by the gentleman
from Missouri have been used for the very pur-
pose of carrying forward the machinery of this
rebellion.
Now, sir, no men are compelled to take offices.
No man is compelled to hold the office of judge
to pass upon the confiscation of the property of
persons who were loyal to the Government. No
man is compelled to act as sheriff, to go out and
arrest the loyal men who have refused to engage
in this rebellion.
In reference to those judges who, the gentleman
from Missouri says, may be as loyal as any per-
sons living in any of the States, I have to say
that no man has held office under any of these
State rebel governments who has not done so vol-
untarily; and therefore the term " voluntarily'*
need not be introduced into the section in that con-
nection. All those officers have held their offices
voluntarily; but all the other persons who have
been engaged in this rebellion, must, in order to
come within the provisions of this hill, have taken
upon them the performance of their acts volun-
tarily.
Now, sir, I believe we ought to legislate, in some
degree, against this rebellion. We have not been
able to pass any thorough confiscation or eman-
cipation act, or anything of the kind, so far.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquiie whether this bill has been before the
Committee on the Judiciary, and if so, whether
a majority of that committee have recommended
its passage?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; it has been before
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I have been
authorized by that committee to report it to the
House. I am not in the habit of reporting meas-
ures without authority.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I asked the question be-
cause I have inquned of some of the members of
the committee in reference to the bill, and they
did not seem to know anything about it.
