582:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
ferretl, against their will and without their con-
sent, for any term of years or for any time what-
ever, as servants or apprentices, or to be held to
service or labor. And if any ship or vessel, steam-
ship or steam vessel, belonging in whole or in
part to citizens of the United States, and regis-
tered, enrolled, or otherwise licensed, shall be
employed for that purpose, or in the cooly trade,
so called, or shall be caused to procure or carry
from China or elsewhere, any subjects of the Gov-
ernment of China for the purpose of thus trans-
porting or disposing of them, every such ship or
vessel, steamship or steam vessel, her tackle, ap-
parel, furniture, and other appurtenances, are to
be forfeited to the United States, and to be liable
to be seized, prosecuted, and condemned in any
of the circuit courts or district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the district where the ship or ves-
sel, steamship or steam vessel, may be found,
seized, or carried. Every person who shall so
build, fit out, equip, load, or otherwise prepare,
or who shall send to sea, or navigate, as owner,
master, factor, agent, or otherwise, any ship or
vessel, steamship or steam vessel, belonging in
whole or in part to citizens of the United States,
or registered, enrolled, or licensed within the
same, or at any port thereof, knowing or intend-
ing that the same shall be employed in that trade
or business, contrary to the true intent and mean-
ing of this act, or in any wise aiding or abetting,
is to be liable to be indicted, and, on conviction,
to be liable to a fUie not exceeding $2,000, and be
imprisoned not exceeding one year. Any citizen
of the United States who shall take on board of
any vessel, or receive or transport any such cool-
ies, for the purpose of disposing of (hem, will be
liable to be indicted, and, on conviction thereof, be
liable to a fine not exceeding #9,000, and be im-
prisoned not exceeding one year.
Nothing in this act is to be deemed or construed
to apply to or affect any free and voluntary emi-
gration of any Chinese subject, or to any vessel
carrying such person as passenger; but a " per-
mit" or ccrtiiicate is to be prepatcd and signed hy
the consul or consular agent of the United States
residing at the port from which such vessel may
take her departure, containing the name of such i
person, and setting forth the fact of his voluntary |
emigration from such port or place, which certifi-
cate" is to be given tu the master of the vessel; but
the same is not to be given until such consul or
consular agent shall be first personally satisfied
by evidence produced of the truth of the facts
therein contained.
All the provisions of the act of Congress ap-
proved 22d February, 1847, entitled " An act to
regulate the carriage of passengers in merchant
vessels," and all the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved ,'kl March, IbMl), entitled u An act
to extend the provisions of all laws now in force
relating to the carriage of passengers in merchant
vessels and the regulation thereof," is to be ex-
tended and to apply to all vessels owned in whole
or m pait by citizens of the United States, ami
registered, enrolled, or licensed within the United
States, propelled by wind or by steam, and to all
niasteis theieof, carrying passengers or intending
to carry passengers from any foreign port or place
without the United States to any other foieign
port or place without the United States; and all
penalties and forfeituies piovided for in that act
are to apply to vessels and masters referred to.
The President of the United States is to be
authoiized and empowered, m such way and at
such time as he shall judge proper, Jo the end that
the provisions of this act may be enforced accord-
ing to the true intent and meaning thereof, to
diiectand order the vessels of the United States,
and tne musters and commanders thereof, to ex-
amine all vessels navigated or owned in whole or
in pait by citizens of (he United States, and reg-
istered, enrolled, or licensed under the laws of the
United States, wherever they may be, whenever,
in the judgment of such master or commanding
officer thereot,reasonable cause shall exist to be-
lieve that such vessel has on board, in violation
of the provisions of this act, any subjects of
China known as " coolies,for the purpose of
tiansportation; and upon sufficient proof that
such vessel is employed jn violation of the pro-
visions of this act, to cause such vessel to be car-
ried, with her otficers and crew, into any port or
district within the United States,and delivered to
the marshal of such distinct, to be held and dis-
posed of according to the "provisions of this act.
This act is to take effect from and after six months
from the day of its passage.
The Committee on Commerce of the Senate re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to strike out,
in lines thirteen and fourteen of the first section,
the words " against their will and without their
consent."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HALE. I hope we shall ascertain, before
a vote is taken on that motion, whether we can
dispose of the case of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright.] If we do not dispose of that, 1
hope we shall sit to-morrow, and I shall vote
against any adjournment over until that is ascer-
tained.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me ask the Senator
from New Hampshire to agree with me in the
proposition I made yesterday, to sit here until we
do dispose of it.
Mr. HALE. I will.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut, that
when the Senate adjourns it be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes twenty-live, noes not counted.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC DILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. 11. No. 150)
making appropriations for the consularand diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, for the year
ending 30th June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th .Tune, 186:2, having met, after full and free
conference, have agreed upon a report. They
recommend that the House of Representatives re-
cede from its disagreement to the ninth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same. That was
the amendment striking out Hayti and Liberia.
The committee rccommcnd that the Senate recede
from its fourth amendment. That was the amend-
ment with reference to a consulate general at Flor-
ence. I beg leave to say here that there was no
difficulty in agreeing upon this, as Colonel Law-
rence, the gentleman who had been nominated for
that post, hearing that there was decided objec-
tion on the part of the House of Representatives,
did not wish that for Ins sake any further trouble
should be made about it, but was perfectly willing
to ?*erve, if Confess required him to do so, even
without any pay. The committee recommend
that the Senate concur in the House amendment
to the Senate's fourteenth amendment, with an
amendment striking out "Santa Cruz," which
was inserted "t-rroneously. The committee rec-
ommend that the Senate concur m the House
amendments to the eighteenth, nineteenth, and
twenty-second amendments ot the Senate. These
are mere formal amendments in regard to the
sums appropuated, carrying out those pieviously
adopted.
The report was concurred in.
[ I'AY 01! MILITARY WITNESSES.
Mr. W A DE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 42) in lelation to the paymentof the expenses
of the joint committee of Congress appointed to
inquire into the conduct of the war, approved Jan-
uary fc>7, lt>6v2; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WADE. It is necessary to pass this joint
| resolution at once. I do not think there will be
! any objection to it,and by general consent J should
i like to have n considered at the present time.
; Theie being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the
; joint resolution, which directs that the amount ap-
propiiaied hy the joint resolution of January 27,
for the payment of the expenses of the joint
committee ot Congress appointed to inquire into
the conduct of the war, or any portion of it that
may be allowed by the committee to witnesses
befoie it or others engaged in its service for per
diem, and traveling or other expenses, shall be
allowed and paid at the Treasury.
Mr. WADE. A difficulty has grown up in the
committee and with the officers as to whether mil-
itary men and others holding office under the Gov-
ernment are entitled to a per diem for being wit-
nesses. We desire to have the question referred
to the Comptroller of the Treasury to be adjusted,
rather than to have it adjusted by our officers, who
may get into trouble about it. There cannot be
any objection to it, and I hope the joint resolution
will be allowed to pass at once.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROPOSED EXPULSION 01? MR. BRIGHT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Wilkin-
son, on the 16th of December last, and which had
been repotted adversely from the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Wlierean Hon. Jlssp D. "Bright, heretofore, on the 1st
day of ISIarcii- 1861, wiole a loiter, of which the following
is a copj :
Washington, March 1,1801.
My Dear Sir: Allow me to intioduce to your acquaint
anee my iriend, Thomas li. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital mainly to dispo^ of what he regards a gieat
nnptovement in fire-arms. Iieeommend him to join fa-
vorable eonsidetation, as a gentleman of the first respecta-
bility, and tellable m eveiv lespect.
Very truly, yours, ' JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To his Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
And whereas we believe the said letter is evidence of
disloyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give aid
and comtort to the public enemies: Therefore,
Be it 7-csolvcd} That the f aid Jessj: D. IJrioiit is expelled
fiom his beat m the Senate of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator from
California proceeds, I desire to say a word. This
debate will doubtless occupy most of the day; and
as suggestion has been made that we finish it to-
day, I should like to know if that is the general
understanding of the Senate. If it is, Senators
who desire to vote upon it will of course remain
in the Senate, or where they can be found when,
the Senate is about to vote. Some of us might
desne to leave the Senate this afternoon if the vote
is not to be taken; but if the vote is to be taken, I
trust it may be generally understood, ami we will
remain.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think it is understood
that the vote is to be taken.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to make a suggestion.
I understand there are several Senators yet to
speak, and I desire to make a few more remarks
myself. I suggest, therefore, that the Senate ar-
range to take the vote on Monday, at two or three
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a special order
for Monday.
Mr. BAYARD. I name that hour merely to
take the vote. I do not think we can take a vote
to-day. Several Senators I know desire to speak.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 hope we shall remain
and sit this question out.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I hope the proposition of
the Senator from Dclawaie will be acceded to. If
there are a number of Senators desiring to speak,
1 know very well we can make nothing by trying
to force the question. The Senator from Dela-
ware, a ft iend of the. sitting Senator whose seat is
in question, suggests that we take the vote at a
particular hour on Monday. I am sure we shall
all accommodate ourselves best by agreeing to
that. It will take but a few minutes to take the
vote: and if we can have a common understanding
to have the vote at any hour, one or two o'clock,
as may be most convenient. I hope it will be ac-
cede d to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope so, too. We can-
not force a vote.
Mr. HALE. I simply wish to say that I am a
party to no agreement to take this vote at any
time. I do not want to deceive or be deceived. 1
agree to no such arrangement.
Mr. ANTHONY. Nor I. I do not think we
can enter into any such arrangement where the
scat of a Senator is in question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ftom
California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say one thing
about this matter, and I will make that prelim-
inary to my discourse, though it will not be much
of a discourse, but a mere statement of opinion.
