-•7
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
tm
therefore, if you will manumit the slaves, that
some provision should be made whereby they
shall be removed from our midst? We passed a
resolution the other day declaring that it was right,
and that it was the duty of the United States to
afford aid to the States that might initiate a sys-
tem of gradual emancipation. The operation of
this bill will not bo to wait for the action of the
States. Gentlemen are too impatient to allow the
silent operation of the principles of freedom that
are now extending in the border States to consum-
mate its legitimate success there, but they wish,
by wholesale and at once, to throw upon the com-
munity a great mass of this ignorant, servile, use-
less, dangerous, disorganizing population. While
they declare in the abstract that it is the duty of
the United States to aid us in removing this dan-
gerous population from our midst, and while they
are unwilling to receive the population that they
manumit by their legislation into their own midst,
they yet interpose objections to carrying out into
practical effect the very principle which they in-
dorsed the other day m the adoption of the reso-
lution called the President's resolution, and wish
us to endure not only the ills of this miserable rev-
olution, but also to impose on the loyal people of
Virginia the additional ills of a population which
the honorable Senator from Illinois will not re-
ceive 111 any considerable degree in his own State.
I ask my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] whether he would be willing to receive thirty
thousand of the free negroes of Virginia into the
State of Ohio? I ask my honorable friend from
Illinois whether he would, be willing to receive the
portion that perhaps will be manumitted under the
operation of this bill into the State of Illinois?
No, sir; they would not. Ohio is already agita-
ting the question whether she, too, will not oppose
an interdict against the introduction of this class
of population in her limits. So is Pennsylvania;
there being two or three bills before her Legisla-
ture looking to that result. So is New Jersey.
Here you are surrounding us by an impassable
barrier of constitutional interdictions against the
diffusion of this population, while at the same time
you want to manumit our slaves and throw Llietn
broadcast on our community. Sir, the evil will
•be unendurable, and the result will be the reen-
slavementof the slaves thus manumitted, as well
as those already free m our State.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have not said a
word upon this bill, and did not intend to, and 1 do
not know that I shall now; but I declare I cannot
sit still and hear such sentiments as those that
have just been uttered by the honorable Senator
from Virginia, without an attempt to rebuke them.
The honorable Senator intimates, of couise not
offensively, but m the way of a threat, that ul-
timately the State of Virginia, and possibly the
State of Maryland and the State of Kentucky may
be compelled, in consequence of a system of le-
gislation indicated by this bill, to reenslave their,
. 'colored population, to tear the colored freemen of
those States from the little portion of right which
they enjoy, and bind them again in the chains of
bondage and slavery.
Mr.'WILLEY. I hope the gentlemen will per-
mit me 
Mr. HALE. I shall get through in a minute,
and then I will.
Mr. WiLLEY. Simply an explanation. The
gentleman misconceived my remark.
Mr. HALE. I think I did not misunderstand
the remark. I certainly would not misrepresent
the Senator. The intimation was that they would
be compelled, as a matterofnecessity, to reenslave
the colored population that are already free and
those that would be made free under this bill.
Now, sir, I recollect, as long ago as the last war
with England, after the victory of General Jack-
son at New Orleans, hearing a famous snng which
was sung all over the country in praise of the
hunters of Kentucky. I have as high regard for
thechivalry, bravery, and the power ofKentucky,
Virginia, and Maryland, and any of these States
as any man has; butl tell them,and I tell the Le-
gislature of every State m this Union, that when
they undertake that, they undertake a job that
they cannot do; they set themselves in opposition
to the moral sentiment of the country and of the
world. There is not a monarch to-day on the
throne of any of the kingdoms of Europe situ-
ated there so firmly that he dare to set himself in
opposition to the moral sentiment of mankind. I
take it, sir, that it is neither fanaticism nor super-
stition to say that when the Creator of the earth
made the earth, and the same Power made colored
men, he intended that the colored men he had
made should dwell upon the earth that he had
made; ami that when the broad earth was sub-
jected to the servitude of man and the fiat went
forth that by the sweat of the brow of man should
his living be obtained from the earth, it was a uni-
versal edict, irrespective of complexion, and that
the earth is subject to the servitude of supporting
the black man as well as the white. I laugh to
scorn all attempts and all threats at reenslaving
this people. I tell you it cannot be done. I be-
lieve, sir, that the Almighty, sitting on the throne
of eternal justice, would proclaim in thunder
tones, that States no less than individuals would
hear, that the great and eternal principles of fun-
damental justice could not be outraged against a
whole people and a whole class so grossly as that
without a vindication on his part of the eternal
laws which he has promulgated.
Sir, this is a great problem. We are working
out to-day some of the greatest problems that
have ever been wrought in the world, and this
rebellion is not the greatest. It is the ultimate
result that is to grow out of the juxtaposition, in
some respects antagonistic, and in some respects
social and friendly, of these two races here to-
gether; and I tell you, sir, that here together they
have got to work out this destiny. The idea of
removing the whole colored population from this
country is one of the most absurd ideas that ever
enteved into the head of man or woman. Let the
rebellion be over, and then take your whole na-
tional Navy, and let them do nothing else, and
they cannot carry off the annual increase of this
black race. ["Oh, no."] If any gentleman will
take the trouble to look at the figures, he will find
that what I say is true. Do Senators know how
many are born daily? If they will look at the
census and at the actual figures they will be I
astonished.
Mr. COWAN. What is the annual increase?
Mr. TRUMBULL. One hundred thousand a
year, and more than that.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, it will do just as well
for gentlemen to say I am wrong as not; the thing
will never be tried. [Laughter.] Any gentleman
that will take ihe tonnage of our national vessels,
I mean, exclusive of those that Morgan purchased,
[laughter,] the Navy proper as itexisted, and cal-
culate the number of souls each would carry to
Liberia, the number of voyages each vessel could
make, and the time that would be necessary, and
cipher it all out, will find that what I say is no
figure of speech, but literally true, that the whole
Navy of the United States could not carry off the
annual increase. No, sir; this is a problem that
we have got to solve.
Again:! beg gentlemen to remember that it does
not become them to complain because the State
.of Virginia has got sixty thousand free negroes
hnd the State of Maryland eighty thousand. How
/came they there? Who made them free negroes
in Maryland and Virginia? Was it my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner'] Was it the
abolition societies of New England ? Who freed
your negroes in Kentucky' You did it yourselves
by your own laws, your own policy, your own
act. You have said deliberately that you prefer
a certain portion of free negroes, and Maryland
has gone on and made eighty thousand and Vir-
ginia sixty thousand. Why? Who asked her to
doit? Who induced her to do it? Who compelled
her to do it? She did it herself of her own free
will. She brought the negroes there to serve her,
and they served her; and when these thousands
served her as long as she wanted, then she made
them free negroes. Is it for these States who have
imported these negroes from their own native
shores, used them as long as they pleased, and
then made them free, now to say they shall not
have a dwelling place on earth, that there is no
place for them to live, and that they shall not live,
but-that they will reenslave them if this legislation
is attempted ? 1 tell you, sir, that is a work they
cannot do, and the State that undertakes it will
j find that the reaction of their own iniquity will
| overwhelm them m everlasting ruin, and not the
j race they undertake to enslave. Sir, there arc
certain axioms of morals about which there can-
jl not be a mistake, and there is no mistake in the
il fact that such wholesale gigantic oppression as
this never can succeed. It never can succeed,
because; without being fanatical or undertaking'
to say what the judgment of God is1 upon' it, it is
not extravagant to say it is ag&ihst the moral in-
stincts of the age, and against the impulse of eTery
honest and humane heart; and therefore "it cannot
succeed. • • •
I have been induced to say more thain I meant'
to do; but before I sit down I will mention a coil-'
versation I once had with a very distinguish^
gentleman from one of the slaveholding States,*
gentleman who was once a member of this body,
and fond of talking—I do not mean of talking in
the Senate and making buncombe speeches, DUt:
fond of talking in privsife, and treating this.Sub-
ject in a philosophic and a Christian manher. I
would as lief tell the gentleman's name as not. It
was the late Mr. Barn well, of South Carolina, who
came here as the successor of Mr. Calhoun. I-
liad many conversations with him on the subject,
and put this question to him: " Mr. Barnwell, you
have reflected much on this subject; you have been
among these people; let me ask you this question
have you in your own mind any theory as to what
is to be the ultimate solution of this problem which
the presentation of these two different races in
social connection and antagonistic position pre-
sents?" He waited a moment or two, and told,
me it was a subject upon which he had reflected-
much; but he was ready to admit, and did admit"
candidly, that he did not sefe any solution of the
problem; that he was not wise enough to tell to'
what the thing tended. He said, " We take the
thing as itexists; we do noteducate these people,"
because wo see no better future for them, and no
better position than that which they now occupy;
we confine ourselves to the duties of the day; and
I, for one, do not pretend to be wise enough to
lookforwnrd to see what the solution of this prob-
lem is to be." Well, sir, it would be wise enough
for us all to confine ourselves to the duties of the
day. We need not be concerned about the future.
The honorable Senator from Virginia says that
the things that were illustrated by my friend from
Kentucky will take place. If " illustrated" had
read "predicted," it would have been perfectly
proper.
Mr. DAVIS. He said that.
Mr. HALE. You are mistaken; but no mat-
ter; let it go. That is the way it struck my ear.
Fortunately, or unfortunately, there can be no
illustration of this matter, and there is none. The
world has never presented anything like it; but
there was one incident in ancient history. 1 hate
to quote that history, but I will give it in the ver-
nacular. At the time when the Roman empire
consisted of one hundred and twenty millions of
inhabitants, half of them slaves, it was proposed
in the councils of the empire that every; slave
should have a peculiar dress, so that he might be
known by his costume. The proposition was
met with the suggestion that it would be an un-
safe and unsound policy to do that, because if
that were so the slaves would know each other;
they would know their own strength, and would
be dangerous to the welfare, the existence, and
the continuance of the empire.
Well, sir, that which the policy of a Roman
politician proposed and the sagacity of a Roman
Senate defeated—the clothing of the slaves in one
costume—the Almighty has done for you irrevo-
cably and irreversibly. He has clothed these
slaves notm one costume, but with one complex-
ion, one mark which time cannot efface noralter.
The great laws of nature and the moral world will
go on; that which the Roman Senate feared, God
m His providence has here done; and to my mind
the wisdom of this nation will manifest itself not
in idle attempts to cast off a population which for
weal or for woe is among us, but with the wisdom
of statesmen and the philanthropy of Christians
to endeavor to suit ourselves to the condition of
things in which the providence of God has placed
us. It is not worth while for anybody to under-
take to read here what they call the natural laws
and inevitable consequences that must result from
certain measures. The great laws of nature and
of Providence will go on. One of the laws of the
condition of this class is, that they increase faster
than the whites. They have increased. They are
to-day vastly exceeding in number the whole Uni-
ted States when they bade defiance to the power
of the mightiest kingdom of the earth. They are
here, and despite all your puny efforts they will
