1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
-2.
Mr. WILSON. This bill is very plain in its
provisions. As I have remarked, it is the same
as a portion of the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee to House bill No. 471;
and for the purpose of determining whether the
House is disposed to enact any measure which
shall deal with these rebels as they should be
dealt with, I demand the previous question on
the third reading of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps, of
Missouri, and Bingham wore appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 46.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The substitute reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading1, and wavS accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLIFFE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Baker,
Baxtfi, Seaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Uhtke, Butfin-
ton, Ohamherlm, Claik, (Jolfav, Fiedfiiek A Conklms,
Roi-coe Coukiiiig, (Jovode, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edwards,"lily, Fe-^endon, Franchot, Fiank, Good-
win, Gianscr, G.nley, Hair-, Harrison, Hooper, Iloiton,
Hutching Kclley, FiancisW. Kullosisj, William Kellogg,
I,.in>ui3, Loomi>. Lovcjoy, Low, iMolvni<?ht, MoPlietson,
Maynaid, Mitchell, An'^on P. Moirill, Justin S. Moirill,
Nixon, TimothyG. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Potter. Pottcn,
Alexander H. ltice, John IL Usee, Riddle, Edwaul II. Rol-
lins, Saigeiit, Sedgwick, Shanks, Slndlabaiaor, Sloan,
Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Train, Ttmvhiidge, Van
Tlom, Van Valkenhmgh. Veiree, Wall, Walton, VVassh-
burne, Albert S. White, Wilson, Window, and Worcester
—?b.
NAYS—Me^rs. William J. Allen, Aneona, Jacob B.
Blair, George H. Browne, Calvert, Casey, Cobb, Cornin?,
(;ox, English, Grlder, Ilaight, Haiding, Holman, Johnson,
Kerug in, Knapp, Law, May, M«*iiS5iea, Noble, Noel!, Nor-
ton, Nugen, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Richardson, Robin-*
son, James S. Rollm«, Segar, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele,
Styles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandig-
ham, Vibbard, Voorhec, Wadivvorth, Ward, Ciulton A.
White, WickJifle, and Woodruff—47.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FISHER (not being present when his
name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FiSHERstated that if permitted he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MOORHEAD also stated that had he been
within the bar when his name was called he
would have voted in the affirmative.
The title of the bill was amended so as to make
it read: 44 An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes."
The title, as amended, was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN JUDICIARY.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, repoited back House bill No.. 267, to
divide the State of Michigan into two judicial dis-
tricts, and to provide for holding district and cir-
cuit courtstherein; which was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 366, to regulate the
compensation of district attorneys, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute.
The substitute fixes the salary of the district at-
torney for the district of Massachusetts at §6,000
per annum, and allows such additional sum as
may be necessary to cover his official expenses.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio a single question on another matter be-
fore he proceeds with this bill. Some time since
1 introduced, and had referred to the Judiciary
Committee, a bill for the punishment of fraudu-
lent contractors. I wish to know whether it has
received the attention of that committee?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man that it was referred by the committee to the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] for examination, and that the committee
will be prepared by next week to report it back
to the House for action.
I desire to say in reference to this bill that the
same sum is provided by it for the compensation
of thcdistrict attorney of Massachusetts as is now
allowed by law to the district attorney of the
southern district of New York, and that upon an
examination of the business of the respective dis-
tricts, the committee were satisfied that this officer
performs as much service as the district attorney
for the southern district of New York. As the
law now stands the compensation is uncertain and
insufficient, in my judgment, to compensate a gen-
tleman competent to the faithful discharge of the
duty of district attorney for the distiict of Massa-
chusetts. The district, as gentlemen are aware,
embraces the entire State of Massachusetts, and
with the exception of the southern district of New
York, the duties of this office exceed those of any
other district attorney in the Republic. And 1
may be allowed to make this remark, that no abler
district attorney has served the Governmentsince
it began than Mr. Dana, the prcsentdistrict attor-
ney of Massachusetts.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. What are the fees
and emoluments of the district attorney for Mas-
sachusetts at this time?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to yield to me to answer the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the gentleman fiom Missouri, and to the House,
that from information which I have received it is
true that Mr. Dana, during the past year, under
the construciion given of the amounts now to be
allowed to a district attorney, would not receive
so much as the sum of $1,500. Yet the duties of
the office require his entire time and attention.
And I beg leave of the gentleman from Ohio to
say that under the arrangement of this office, dis-
tinct from that of the office of the district attorney
of New York, Mr. Dana argues all of the cases
as senior counsel for the Government. Not a dol-
lar has been expended by the Governmentfor the
argument of cases in the district of Massachusetts
by counsel employed, whereas in New York the
piactice is, as I know, to employ counsel to argue
important cases for the Government.
Now, there are no particularly intimate politi-
cal relations between Mr. Dana and myself, and
yet 1 say, from a careful consideration of this
subject, that I believe this is not more than a fair
compensation for the duties which he has to dis-
charge. Measuring it by the amount usually
allowed to counsel m Boston, it will be a very
small compensation.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Is it in order
| to move an amendment to the pending proposi-
! lion ?
| The SPEAKER. It would be if the gentleman
' had the floor.
! Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot accept any amend-
i ment, as I am now acting under the instructions
: of the Committee on the Judiciary.
I Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
i gentleman from Rhode Island will not embarrass
i this question by presenting another,
j Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear the amendment
j of the gentleman from Rhode Island.
! Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move to
li amend by adding the following:
| Sec. 2. J&nd be it Jurther enactcS, That in addition to the
1 feeiN provided by law. theie thall I)'1 paid to the diatuetat-
i torney of Rhode island a salary of $1,000.
j With the permission of the gentleman from Ohio
! I will say a word in explanation of the amend-
ment. The salary paid to the district attorney of
; Rhode Island for the services which he renders to ;
; the Government is about two hundred dollars. I j
j know that the duties which are imposed upon him j
• in that State are very great, and deserve a higher ;
' and more adequate compensation than he receives. >
i His compensation over and above the expenses j
! of his office is very small, very inadequate, to the i
j services he rendeis. He has attended to the con- |
I demnation of vessels to the extent of something i
like thirty thousand dollars, and jthercby added
very considerably to the revenue of the Govern-
ment.
In addition, I may statp, in reference to the
trict attorney of Rhode Island, whaUias been said
by the gentleman from Massachusetts in relation*
to the district attorney of Massachusetts. . He
never employs senior counsel to assist him in the
argument of cases, but he prepares the-cases and
argues them himself. In many instances, too, he
discharges the duties of a marshal, and looks .up
the evidence which may be nccessary in behalf of
the Government.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment for the purpose
of propounding an interrogatory.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I yield to
the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman "
from Rhode Island says that the district attorney
of his State receives but $200 a year. Now, I ask
him whether the district attorney of Rhode Island
docs not receive the same compensation under the
same identical fee bill which is received by the
district attorney in every other district?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I do not say
that thcdistrict attorney of Rhode Island is not
paid under the same foe bill, but I do say that
what he receives under that bill does not pay him
for the services which he renders to the Govern-
ment, exclusive of the expenses for his office and
other expenses which he necessarily incurs in the
discharge of his duties. He has no a-ssistant; and
I ask the gontlcman from New York whether he
considers $200 a fair compensation to any profes-
sional person for the duties imposed upon this dis-
trict attorney ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. All I want the
House to know is whether the district attorney of
Rhode Island is not paid under the same fee bill
which is applicable to other districts, with one or
two exceptions ?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Precisely.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If it is, then, is
it not compensation enough?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. The gen-
tleman from New York misapprehends the point
which I am making. The district attorney of
Rhode Island receives compensation under the
same fee bill; but the expenses of his office leave
him little or nothing under that bill, save his sal-
ary of $200, which is inadequate as compensation
for the professional services which he is called
upon to render. In a suit for libel, under the rules
of the court he is required to print his brief; and
under the fee bill he is only allowed twenty dol-
lars for each case. He has to pay for the print-
ing of that brief out of his own pocket; and in
very many cases the printing of the brief costs
him much more than he is allowed by law for the
entire case. In several cases, to my knowledge,
which this district attorney has tried for the Gov-
ernment, his compensation has been less than the
expenses he has had to pay during the trial. I
know that his salary is inadequate. And recently
additional duties have been imposed upon him by
the action of several of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment. He has been required by the Secretary
of State and the Secretary of War to examine
telegraphic messages,and todomany otherthings
of that character J" for which he has received no
compensation whatever. I ask, in justice to this
faithful officer, that my amendment shall be re-
ceived and adopted by the House. It can be sup-
ported by every argument which has been made,
and which can hold good in favor of the original
proposition reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary. „ . T n. , . , . ,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I dislike this land
of special legislation. We all know that the busi-
ness of the country has increased very largely in
many of the judicial districts 
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Before the
gentleman proceeds further I will make a single
remark, which 1 do not wish to be considered in
disparagement of the amendment moved by the
gentleman from Rhode Island. An investigation
was made by the Secretary of the Interior into
this matter, and he communicated a report that in
relation to the cases of all the other districts the
law was satisfactory, with the exception of this
case of the district attorney of Massachusetts.
Mr.BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Ishouldl-ike
to see that report.
