1862.
THE CON"G-IIESSIO 1STAL GLOBE.
583
I think this business should bo closed, and I waited
for its close to state simply a few opinions of mine,
not to make an argument. I have been waiting for
it for many days, and I think it is time it was
closed. I think it would bo better for tlus Senate
if they would makeup their minds that they would
dine down stairs, or somewhere about here, and
close up the business they have on hand for the
day before they adjourn. I am willing to sit here.
I have never in any place of this kind which I have
occupied moved an adjournment, or voted for one.
I am willing to work when I am the public ser-
vant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
ine to say one word in reference to this matter
before he begins his remarks, I will do so; but I
do not wish to interfere with him. I wish simply
to say that I do not recognize any difference at all
between this and any other business of the Sen-
ate, and that the Senate will stay here if it pleases
long* enough every day to attend to its duty,
whether it is one thing- or another. But, sir, of
all things in the world, 1 do not think the question
of the expulsion of a member from this oody is
one to force a vote upon at an unreasonable hour.
I think that it should be fully discussed; and cer-
tainly the majority of this body has no claim what-
ever to force the minority upon that question after
they have taken upso much timein thediscussion.
Mr.McDOUGALL. Myopinion is, and I make
this statement in reply to the Senator from Maine,
that time is saved by requiring men who have
opinions, to express them when the business is on
thecarpct. By adjourning controversies from day
to day, we lose opinion, and lose convictions, and j
sometimes lose the truth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the resolution offered by the
Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, the ques-
tion before the Senate is as to whether an honor-
able gentleman, who for many years has occupied
a place here as the representative of what we call,
and what in a ceitain sense may be justly called,
a sovereign State, has a right to a place upon this
floor. Our judgment has been challenged, and it
must be passed, be it just or un just, according to j
our best wisdom. It is a painful office for every [
man who sits on this floor, and to me it is ex-
tremely painful. I have never before in the course
of my official life, and 1 have lived in office several
years, stood halting between adverse opinions as
I have on this occasion; but after having fairly and
carefully considered all the controvetsy, I thought
the conflict came between my inclination and my
judgment, and I have been compelled to cultivate i
all the iron there was m my nature to makejudg- ,
mentjust. !
Mr. President, I have said that I will not argue j
this question. 1 have made no argument in this i
Hall. These are not days for argument. They j
are days for opinions, and if I can give full and
exact expression to the opinions 1 entertain, I shall
do all that I can hope to do, and all that I should
do.
We arc at war. How long have we been at I
war? We have been engaged m a war of opinion, i
accordingto my historical recollection,since 1838.
There has been asystematic organized war against
the institutions established by our fathers, since
1832. This is known to all men who have read .
carefully the history of our country. If I had the |
leisure, or had consulted the authorities, 1 would |
give it year by year and date by date from that
time until the piesent, how men adversary to our ]
republican institutions have been organizing war !
against us, because they did not appiovc of our ,
republican institutions. _ _ i
'Before the Mexican war, it is well known that ,
General Gtuitman, then Governor of Mississippi, '
was oiganizing to produce the same condition of !
things, (and he hoped a better condition of things,
for he hoped a successful secession,) to produce
this same revolution that is now disturbing our
whole land. The war with Mexico, fighting for
a southern proposition, for which I fought my-
self, made the nation a unit until 1840; and then
again they undertook an organization to produce
ievolution. These things are history. This state-
ment is true, and cannot be denied among intelli-
gent men anywhere, and cannot be denied in this
Senate.
The great men who sat in council in this Hall,
the great men of the nation, men whoso equals are
not, and I fear will not be for many years, unit- ]
ing their judgments, settled the controversy in
1850. They did not settle it for the conspirators
of the South, for they were not parties to the com-
pact. Clay and Webster, and the great men who
united with them had no relation with the ex-
tremes of cither extreme faction. The compro-
mise was made, and immediately after it had been
effected, again commenced the work of organiza-
tion. I had the honor to come from my State on
the Pacific into the other branch of the Federal
Congress, and there I learned as early as 1853,
that the work of treason was as industriously pur-
sued as it is being pursued to-day. I saw it; I
felt it; I knew it. I went home to the shores of
the Pacific instructed somewhat upon this sub-
ject.
Years passed by. I engaged in my duties asa
simple professional man, not connected with pub-
lic affairs. The question of the last presidential
election arose before the country—one of those
great questions that are not appreciated, I regret
from my heart, by the American nation, when
we elect a President, a man who has more power
for his time than any enthroned monarch in Eu-
rope. We organize a Government and place him
in front as the head and the chief of the Govern-
ment. That question came before the American
people. At that time I was advised of this state
of feeling, and I will state ifrin as exact form of
words as I can state it, that it may be understood
by Senators: Mr. Douglas is a man acceptable
to the South. Mr. Douglas is a man to whom
no one has just cause of exception throughout the
South. Mr. Douglas is moie acceptable to Mis-
sissippi and Louisiana than Mr. Breckinridge.
Mr. Breckinridge is not acceptable to the South;
or at least if ho is so, he is not in the same degree
with Mr. Douglas. Mr. Douglas is the accepted
man of a great national party, and if he is brought
into the field lie will be triumphantly elected.
That must not be done, because the organization
for secession is matured. Everything is prepared,
and the election of Mr. Douglas would only post-
pone it for four years; arid now when weare pie-
pared to carry out these things we must indulge
in stratagem, and the nomination of Mr. Brcck-
inriclge is a mere strategic movement to divide
the great conservative party of the nation into two,
so as to elect a Republican candidate and consol-
idate the South by the cry of abolitionist.
That is a mere simple statement of the truth,
and it cannot be contradicted. Now, m that
scheme ail the men of counsel of that party were
engaged. I cannot allow myself, with all the wish
I have to be kind, and with all the wish I have to
indulge m every doubt in favor of the Senator
from Indiana, to believe that he did not under-
stand, as well as I on the far shores of the Pacific
understood, those things as long ago as a year last
September. I was advised about this policy and
well informed of it. He was at the centcr of in-
formation, and he could not be unlearned as to
these matters. I will say here, in passing, that
1 differ from my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cowan,] for whom I have, not reverence, but
great icspect, and in stating my opposition to his
view of the duty of a Senator, I will state what I
hold the position and duty of a Senator to be.
This is no court. Courts are things of kings.
This is no court; and more than that, we are con-
trolled by no record. The whole use of a record
is, that it shows what is to be determined by the
tribunal. What it represents is matter of no im-
portance. Every Senator, as 1 understand, stands
here in Joro conscicntia to judge justly of the ease
presented. It is said of a Federal Senator that for
his conduct and opinion he has no right to a place
upon this floor; and my opinion, and the opinion
of every Senator, is asked upon that question, and
, each of us is bound to answer in the forum of his
I own conscience, and he must form his judgment
as he can be best advised; for we sit here as Sen-
ators, the guauiians of the nation's welfare, to
admit to siTwith us men who undertake to main-
tain the lights and stand by the Government, and
to throw oil* from us those who ate not of us and
are not fui the maintenance of what wc believe to
be the right. This can be determined by no rule
of evidence, by no written record, but by the ex-
treme apprehension a man may be able to possess
himself of to comprehend all that may properly
enter into the result in his own mind,
I have tried myself with great eaie, at midnight
and in the morning, to reduce this question. It
has been, a struggle between my inclinations and
my judgment. I have been compelled finally to
! act on my first conceived opinions, and I believe
that instinct after all is higher than reason. When
I first saw the letter of the Senator from Indiana
published, I said, " that is the most treasonable
thing that I know of, that I have witnessed on the
part of any public man who occupies a place in
Federal office." That is what I said to myself,
and what I said to my friends, I did not say it
was treason, but I said it was treasonable. And
then I thought that a man who could write trea-
sonably, had no right to be of the council of these
men who undertake to conduct this great Repub-
lic in its time of trial. This opinion of mine I
expressed at an early day, when Congress was
not in session; and I argued with myself when I
camc back into this Hall, and when this resolu-
tion was moved, I was compelled to say to my
colleague, " I cannot see how, consistent with my
office,'"I can sustain any man in a place upon this
floor as a counselor with me in the great affairs
of the Republic, who can write and do these
things."
It is my opinion, as I am informed and advised
from all my information and reading of law, that
that letter is treasonable; and I have been three
times the chief criminal prosecuting officer of a
State—twice in the State of the gentlemanon my
right [Mr. Browning] and once where I belong
now. Aecoiding to the strict rule of the^ Eng-
lish law, it is treason. According to the kindest
expression, it is misprision of treason. But I do
not choose to deal in technical terms. It was
written at a time when wo were at war; yes, I was
at war in California in January last; in tlte main-
tenance of the opinions that I am now maintain-
ing, I had to go armed to protect myself from
violence. The country, wherever there was con-
troversy, was agitated to its deepest foundations.
That is known, perhaps, not to gentlemen who
live Op in Maine or Massachusetts, or where you
are foreign to all this agitation; but known to all
people where disturbance might have been effect-
ive in consequences. I felt it, and had to carry
my life in my hand by the month, as did my friends
surrounding me. I say that all through last win-
ter war had been inaugurated in all those parts
of the country where disturbed elements could
have efficient result. In January, a year ago, I
stood in the hail of the House of Representatives
of my State, and there was war then, and angry
faces and hostile men weregatheied; and we knew
then well that the southern States had determined
to withdraw themselves from the Federal Union.
I happened to be one of those men who said
" tlrny shall not do it;" and it appears to me that
the whole argument is between that class and the
class of men who said they would let them do it
—the Tribune, for instance—a class probably to
whom the gentleman from Indiana belonged, who
say, *e let them go away and be no more of us."
That is the only apology I can make for his case,
and it is his best apology. But I thought myself
a citizcn of this entire Republic; I have been for
all that it is, for all that it could hope to be. I
had believed in my young faith, and that faith had
culminated in my manhood, that this great system
adopted by our fathers was capable of expanding
itself over the whole continent, and could make
the undivided continent ours. My opinion went
with my hopes, and therefore, when this doctrine
was started here of disintegrating the cotton States
from the rest of the Confederacy, I opposed it at
oncc. X saw immediately that war was to be in-
voked. I have heard a hundred gallant Demo-
crats, who left the Democratic party and voted for
Lincoln, say that they voted for him because they
would not leave that war which was impending
upon them by this conduct to their children; and
if I had daied to be a Republican, I think I should
have been in the same category.
The letter of the Senator from Indiana was
wiittcn in the face of these things that were un-
! derstood. I will not say they were understood
' by gentlemen of the Republican party; I will not
i say, for instance, that my friend from Rhode
, Island [Mr. Antiiony] understood anything about
j. these thiu-s; I will not say that gentlemen on the
other side of the House generally understood anv-
il thins about them; I will not say that my jnena
IS fiom Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] understood any-
i; thin;: about them; but I, having been accepted
