2566
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Sneaker,
eight years ago the entire law regulating the com-
^P'Misation of dj.-sfrict attorneys, marshals, and
clerks of courts of the United Srates was revised
by the Committee on the Judiciary. The whole
* subject at that Congress received a great deal of
attention, and the committee reported and Con-
gress passed such sums as compensation as they
thought would be adequate to procure the best
talent where there was a great deal of business to-
be transacted in behalf of the United States. 1
have heard no complaint made except from those
where a little business was done, and there they
complain that the emoluments were small. For
the last six years we have found capable men
ready to perform the duties of district attorney in
the most populous districts without any complaint
  of inadequacy of compensation. There has been
no attempt, that I have heard of, for an increase
of their salary and emoluments. I think it a wrong
time, therefore, at thia day, to provide for increas-
ing salaries which have heretofore been consid-
ered satisfactory. I think it wrong:, when we are
endeavoring to raise taxes to carry on the Gov-
ernment in almost every possible way, to increase
the salaries of officers when they are now provided
by law and no complaint has been made save in
exceptional cases.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. In rela-
tion to the district of Massachusetts, before this
Administration came into power it was the prac-
tice to employ the district attorney in cases brought
against the collector of the port to recover back
duties paid under protest. It was the habit to
employ him, and to pay him as acting counsel;
but, under the law, the Secretary now holds that
no compensation can be paid in anyismch case.
In the case of the Amy Warwick, which gentle-
men on the other side have so much relied upon
in the arguments which they have recently made
in this House, the district attorney was occupied
four days bcfoic the court in its argument, and
besides that, he was at vast labor in preparing
the case for trial. Yet Ins compensation for all
the service which he rendered the Government
in that case was only twenty dollars. I believe
that the compensation of a district attorney is never
more than twenty or thirty dollars for any case.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. It never
goes beyond eighty dollars certainly.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The com-
pensation of the distiict attorney, as 1 have said,
under the construction of the present Secretary of
the Interior, has been greatly reduced, and 1 be-
lieve that it is entirely inadequate, so far as the
district attorney of Massachusetts is concerned.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It seems that
members have proved only one of the rules under
which we have acted for the last six or eight years,
which has be(^ reversed by the present Secretary
of the Interior, I think there may be some legis-
lation to set that right.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Our present
district attorney of Rhode Island is now suffering
from f he effect of his predecessor's mistake. When
the fee bill was devised, a letter was written to
the predecessor of the present district attorney,
inmiiring what changes were necessary, in his
judgment, either in relation to the salary or fees
of the office of ihatdistnct. He replied that there
was not much to do, and that, on the whole, the
office paid about what ought to be paid; and there-
fore no change was made.
Gentlemen who are acquainted with this matter
know that when any business of importance is
to be done, and counsel has to be employed, the
fees provided by law are totally inadequate. I
will give an instance: the learned gentleman fiom
Massachusetts [Mr. Thom\s] came into our dis-
trict,ashort time since, to argue a case in the prep-
aration of winch the district attorney had been
engaged for two months, and I dare say that he
got from his client not less than six hundred or a
thousand dollars for his services. [Mr. Thomas.
Oh! no, no.] Well, he ought to have had that
much—while all the fees the district attorney can
rake and scrape together out of the case, do not
amount to eighty dollars; and at the same time it
cost sixteen dollars to get lus brief printed.
it must be plain to everyone that where cases
of importance are to be tried the compensation
is totally inadequate. So long as the business is
confined to small and unimportant cases, which
consume no time of the district attorney, the fees
might be adequate. All I ask is, that the salary
of the district attorney shall be brought up to
ihat point that it shall be remunerative according
to the rates which are received by lawyers in
other branches of the profession. 1 have known
cases tried in that district which had engaged the
labors of the attorney three years, and for which
he received eighty dollars, while the counsel on
the other side got $5,000.
i say, that inasmuch as the district attorney
has rendered, and is rendering these important
services, and is answering the heavy requirements
made upon him by both the War and Navy De-
partments, it is butsimplejustice thatthisamend-
ment should be ingrafted upon this bill. I hope
the gentleman from Ohio will accept the amend-
ment, and allow the House to vote upon it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I understand that the Senate
passed a bill providing a compensation for dis-
trict attorneys proportionate to the services actu-
ally rendered. Now, this arrangement proposes
to single out the one case of Massachusetts, and
provide an additional compensation for that one
district. That would leave all the various other
districts unprovided for.
In relation to the collection district of Illinois,
I know that the compensation of the district at-
torney is only $250 per annum, and some small
fees—a compensation entirely inadequate to the
vast amount of business which the immense com-
merce of that country has created m the Federal
courts. The grievance has been so great, that it
has been recommended that the compensation
should be increased. You cannot command the
requisite ability to discharge the very important
duties devolving upon that office without additional
compensation, especially as the legislation of this
Congress has already very largely increased the
labors, responsibilities, and duties of the office.
The Senate bill is a general bill, providing for
the payment of services rendered, according to
their actual amount, and no more, and this, 1 un-
derstand, is a substitute for that bill. If I am
wrong, I would like to be corrected.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The pro-
vision of the Senate hill was that the salaries
should be regulated by the action of the Secretary
of the Interior and the Attorney General of the
United States.
Mr. ARNOLD. I am not particular as to the
manner in which the amount is regulated. The
Senate may or may not have provided the best
means of ascertaining the amount which the sev-
eral district attorneys earn. By the Senate bill
that is left to the Attorney General.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I beg to suggest
to my colleague that he is right in the main, in re-
lation to the nature of the Senate bill. The Sen-
ate bill provides that where, in the opinion of the
Attorney General, the salaries of the district at-
torneys are not sufficient to pay them reasonably
for the duties required of them, a grcateramount
shall be paid to them, if the Attorney General and
the Secretary of the interim shall deem it advis-
able, so however, it shall not exceed $6,000 pet-
annum. This provision, however, is confined to
districts in which there is a port of entry.
I think my colleague was right in his general
statement of the provision of the Senate bill; and
1 wish to suggest to him that in' reference to the
district to which he alludes—the northern district
of Illinois—and many other districts to be found
in the United States, there is quite as much pro-
priety in paying the district attorney an increased
amount as there is in reference to the district in-
dicated by the substitute. While I do not oppose
the proposition which is now before us, yet I am
anxious that the provisions of this bill should be
general in their character as to all like cases. The
Senate bill embraces just that in apt and proper
language, and the object of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, and the object my colleague sug-
gests, will be attained by the adoption of the Sen-
ate bill, rather than the substitute.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish to make an in-
quiry. This is a bill to increase the salaues of
district attorneys. Has there been any difficulty
in filling the offices at the present rates of compen-
sation '
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not know
much about that matter.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. How many candidates
have there been for each office?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I cannot tell, as
I have not had much information in reference to
that matter.
Mr. ARNOLD. The point, then, is simply
this: (he Senate bill provides that in cases where,
in the opinion of the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States, the compensation is inadequate, it may
be increased to an amount not exceeding $6,000.
The substitute selects out a single case—the dis-
trict of Massachusetts—and provides that in that
instance, and in that instance only, the compen-
sation shall be increased to the amount of $6,000.
It may be proper that the district attorney of Mas-
sachusetts should receive that sum. Ido notknow
but he earns it; but 1 do know that there are other
district attorneys of the United States who earn it
equally as well as the district attorney of Massa-
chusetts. But the Senate bill provides that in no
case shall the amount exceed $6,000, and that the
compensation shall not be increased in any case
except where, in the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, it ought to be increased. Now, that there
are cases in which the compensation ought to be
increased, I think will bo conceded by every gen-
tleman who understands the vastly increased
amountof business which has lately been thrown
upon many of the offices.
The fees of the distiict attorney of Illinois were
regulated when the country was new, and when
scarcely ever an admiralty case occurred in the
district. Now Illinois is the fourth State in the
Union, and its commerce is scarcely exceeded by
that of any other State, except, perhaps, that of
New York and Massachusetts. The business of
the attorney's office has grown largely, and that
t tie re ought to he an increase of compensation is
obvious when I state that the present compensa-
tion is only $250 annually.
The business of the district court of the north-
ern district of Illinois—which court is filled by a
very distinguished lawyer, Judge Drummond—
requires that it should be in session constantly,
and the labors of the district attorney are very
arduous. I hope, theiefoie, the substitute will
not be adopted, and that we shall pass the Senate
bill.
Mr. EDWARDS. The question before the
House is whether this substitute shall be adopted
in the place of the original bill. In my opinion,
the terms of the Senate bill do not recommend it
to be adopted by this House. It providesa mode
for fixing the compensation of this class of offi-
cers which is entirely uncertain, and which will
lead to an application by every district attorney
of the United States to the tribunal which is estab-
lished for considering the matter of compensation,
and winch applications every member of this
House will be called upon to back up for one man
or another. Is there a district attorney of the
United States who will think he is sufficiently
paid, if there is an opportunity to obtain more by
a proper application? And will not all the con-,
siderations be brought forward then which are
urged now for the purpose of procuring favors or
positions from the Departments, in order to secure
increased compensation under this bill?
It seems to me, then, that the only question is
whether the amendment is one that is entitled to
be adopted by the House, or whether some other
mode, in which to secure a proper compensation
to this class of officers, should be established by
law. As to the amendment, I think it is imper-
fect. If there is a case in Massachusetts which
requires special legislation, m order* to give a
proper compensation to a public officer, there are
undoubtedly cases of a similar character all over
the country, in relation to one office or another.
And if we embark in this matter of special legis-
lation, I think we shall have to meet here those ap-
plications which oughtto be addressed to the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Attorney General.
But 1 wish to ask gentlemen who arc conver-
sant with this subject, whether these fees are so
inconsiderable as a compensation to district at-
torneys as has been represented here. I have
heard that in the city of New York the fees, in-
dependent of salary, amounted to a fortune to the
district attorney dining his three or four years'
term of service.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to suggest that at the last session of Congiess a
bill was passed fixing the salary of the district
attorney of the southern district of New York.
That compensation was fixed at $6,000, and he is
not permitted to receive fees or compensation in
