86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery in the District—Mr. McBougall.
Senate.
can in no way give so much moral and physical
support to that republic 51s to eneourage and to
aid these people to go there by thousands, carry-
ing with them, as President Geffrard says, their
civilization, their arms, and their minds, to aid the
African race in sustaining self-government in that
republifi, where its capacity to do so is now on
trial. Let us give to Hayti this recognition and
moral support.
Mr. President, a few words more and I have
done. 1 do not know, and dare not predict, what
lies before us in the immediate future. It is well
we cannot lift the vail. God only knows whether
this civil war is to be long or short. No man now
can foresee. 1 hope, X trust, I will say 1 believe,
it may be substantially over in a few months. If
our armies are as victorious in the East and South
as they have been in the West, we shall soon have
Norfolk, Richmond, Charleston Savannah, and
New Orleans. When we open and hold possession
ofthe Mississippi river, the power of the rebellion
will be crushed. Once break the power of its
armies, and the loyal people of these States will
seek to take their true position in the Union, even
in the State of South Carolina.
But, Mr. President, I may be too sanguine; I
may be mistaken in all this; the war may continue
for months, possibly for years; it may be fought
with the courage of desperation; it may be fought
to the bitter end with the madness of despair. The
conspirators, with their lives 111 their hands, de-
clare they will never surrender while they can get
a man oragim. Tins mnyprolong the war. That
may compel us to march large armies into and
through afl the cotton States 011 the Gulf'of Mex-
ico. The tread of armies may tread out slavery
as they so. If it dors, be it so. Whatever stands
in the way of suppressing this rebellion will be
trampled in pieces. The white population may
(li e from the lower States at theirapproach as they
(led at Beaufort. If negroes only remain, they will
of necessity become free, and the country, from
which nil white people, may have fled, become a
negro territory. (Should such an event occur;
should South Carolina become a negio territory,
the negioes bom the northern slave States escap-
ing also may (lee to that.territory, as their land of
Canaan, ami thus effect a separation of the races
this Mtle the Gulf of Mexico. O11 some future
map we may see, where South Carolina now is,
Ihe " negro territory of the United States." This
may occur. God only knows.
lint while such a result may come, I say most
'list fly dial it is not what I desire to see. No,
sir! JS'/J I wilt hope and labor and pray Al-
mighty God it may be otheiwisc; that tho frenzy
ol that people may pa km 11 way. I would set- once
more every .State, even .Sooth Carolina, in its
proper sphere, loyal to tile Constitution and the
Union.^ I hope, i expect to see, Union men in
every State rising to crush these conspirators and
trample them under their feet. When the reaction
does come, when the Union men of those States
can get the power ihto their bands, O, what a day
of vengeance IV iraitois then! They will meet
tho just reward of their gigunticcrime. When the
war is over, and the last vestige of armed rebellion
crushed; when in-net! comes again,and Represent-
atives of ai) the States take their places in Congress
I shall hope to see the wise suggestions of the
President adopted by the people of all the States,
which, looking to gradual emancipation, and to
generous colonization, will open all the tropical
portions of America lor those men of African de-
scent who aic now free or may hereafter become
tree, in which they may find homes for them-
selves and their children forever in that zone of
the earth which God, 111 His good providence, has
leserved for their race.
Let us take down the map of this New World.
Let the American Republic, upon whose fate tho
destinies of republican libeity now hang, rise with
the occasion and take the high responsibility. Let
our vision be cramped with no contracted view.
Let our eyes open wide to the whole of North
Am«u'ca and to all the races upon it, Caucasian,,
African, and Indian. Let our legislation, where
ever we have constitutional power, be such that
while acting for ourselves, the dominant race here,
we mayj as a matter of high statesmanship and of
Cfuistifli) duty, do good to all the races of man-
tafid.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT. -
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. McDOUG-ALL,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In the Senate, April 3, 1863.
The Senate having under consideration, as in Committee
of the Whole, the hill for the release of certain persons held
to service or labor in the District of Columbia—
Mr. McDOUGALL said:
Mr. President: I am still so indisposed as to
render it difficult for me to address the Senate, but
the importance of the question induces me to at-
tempt the expression of my opinions. This war
has now been prosecuted for nearly a full year.
Many gentlemen express the opinion that it is to
be soon closed; that we shall in a very short time
have compelled a peace, and it has struck me that
this opinion, that we are about to completely tri-
umph and that our enemy is no longer formid-
able, has led Senators to indulge in the production
of measures and the announcement of opinions
without the grave consideration which might
otherwise be demanded. I must say that while I
have hoped otherwise, I fear that we are as yet
but upon the threshold of this war. Although
I have been at all times full of confidence m the
complete reestablishmetit of the Union in all its
integrity, I am compelled to think that the period
of final consummation has been long postponed
by the tone and temper of discussions, as well as
the character of measures hero introduced—meas-
ures not demanded by the times, for which there
was no pressing or public necessity, and which
when produced have called forth sentiments which,
while tending to alienate friends, have strength-
ened our adversaries, by making their hostility
more determined, and, as they think, their cause
more just. It is true we find tile enemy abandon-
ing their lines on the I'otomac, we find them aban-
doning East Florida, and withdrawing their forces
southward 011 the Mississippi; these facts, with
our recent successes, seem to some to promise a
speedy peace,butitmustbe remembered that they
are lulling back with their organization and arms
into their own country and their selected places
of strength, while at the same time our forces have
to act further from supplies and support in a coun-
try of which they are comparatively ignorant.
The Union sentiment existing to a greater or
less extent throughouMhe South, we are now in-
formed, has been in many sections entirely-dissi-
pated. Why is this? 1 understand it to be for
the reason that the impression has been made to
prevail that the leaders now controlling the admin-
istration of this Govern me 11 tare not making a war
for the restoration of the Union, but a war against
slave institutions. We have assured them to the
contrary by our resolves, and the President has
given the same assurance by repeated words. But
we find in the two Houses of Congress, and par-
ticularly in this body, which should be the most
conservative, measures constantly brought for-
ward and .advocated which can hardly be inter-
pieted otherwise than as indicative of the policy
they apprehend. They indicate such a policy to
me, and if to me, how must they impress tho
people throughout the whole South, lam assured
that thousands and tens of thousands throughout
the South who looked anxiously and hopefully
for the reestablishment of the Union have aban-
doned all such hope, and possibly all such desire,
101 the assaults made hero by Senators have not
uccn aimed merely at their institutions, butat the
character of the entire people ofthe South.
I ask, are we strengthening our hands in this
war, when Senators—learned Senators, eloquent
Senators—rise in their places and undertake to
maintain, by what must be merely-exceptional
cases, that the people of the South' arc scarce re-
moved from the condition of barbarism, that they
are a ruthless and a savage race? If these opin-
ions are in truth entertained by them, then they
expect to meet them as they meet the savage, and
it is to be a war, not to bring back into a fraternal
union the States and the people that have left us,
but a war of extermination. Do Senators sup-
pose that in saying this they represent the opin-
ions of any State m this Union, of any county in
any State, or of any hamlet or town? I believe
from some knowledge of this country, frotp its
eastern to its western confines, that there is no
such community of people, great or small.
Mr. President, from the tone of the discussions
here I must say I have lost much of the strong
faith with which I entered this Hall. The char-
acter of these discussions is calculated to dispirit
all those persons who are for a reestablishment
of the Union. The tone and temper of them
would indicate to me, and do indicate to me, that
gentlemen entertaining these opinions, and pro-
nouncing them here, do not seek a reestablishment
ofthe Union. They expect sooner or later to see
a dismembered Republic. They do not hope, I
suppose, by a war of absolute conquest, to subju-
gate the South. As we march our armies through
the country they might dissipate like the mist in
the morning; but as the mist again settles on the
hill the succeeding night, so would they be in
their places again as our armies moved forward.
We cannot occupy all of that vast country south of
the Arkansas* the Ohio, and the Potomac. Re-
member the long border wars between the two
sections of Great Britain. England was as strong,
compared with Scotland, as is the North com-
pared with the South; and yet England never
conquered the barren lulls of the North, neither
was any permanent peace established until by
succession, and by compact, a common head of
the government of both countries was taken, who
was of both Scottish and English race. When we
talk of subjugation—I do not say subjecting—
remember what it cost this Government, and how
long a war we had to overcome a few Indians in
the everglades of Florida.
I am well assured we shall have to carry oil our
operations as well by arms and the exhibition of
our power as by offerings of peace. It is with
this firm conviction that I have continued to say
that [ regret tho introduction of all these measures,
110 matter how worthy of approval they may be
as abstract propositions or as matters of legisla-
tion at a time when such legislation would not be
prejudicial to the general harmony of the country,
or the harmony which wo sought to restore. I
repeat, as I said yesterday, I regret that this meas-
ure has been brought forward; but it is brought
forward now, and the discussion has to be had.
I have no doubt some measure on tfte subject will
be passed. I sincerely trust it may not be the
measure as brought before the Senate from the
committee. I thiTrk it is an immature measure.
It appears to me extremely so. It does not look
in the face the actual condition of things. Apart
from its immediately and with one single act
changing the condition of the institution, abso-
lutely destroyiiigit in this District, it makes none
of those provisions that should attend such a
change. It provides for the manumission of the
slaves, and that is the end of it. As 1 remarked
yesterday, there were, according to the last cen-
sus, one thousand six hundred slaves in this Dis-
trict underfifteenandover sixty years of age; and
it is not likely their number has been materially
diminished. What is to be done with them? I
suppose you will not colonize the old, because
they are unfit to go to new countries. You will
not send off the young, because they are unfit for
the hardship. They must be provided for here,
rlie law now compels their owners to support
them; and that law can be enforced. Are we to
take charge of that business, a large business as
it will prove to be, requiring a great many agents
Oil the part of the Government to transact it, the
expenditure of a large amount of money, and
very careful administiation ? If that provision
was put in the bill, perhaps it would call atten-
tion, at least, to the nature of the enterprise in
which we are engaged. It should be there, if for
no other purpose than to advise the country of
the responsibilities Congress has thought proper
to assume.
I believe this is the first time that 111 a serious
form a measure lias been brought forward for the
immediate emancipation of the slave population of
this District. Let me inquire whether this accords
with the pledges of the party now in power—for
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shekman] has chosen
to speak of parties particularly—are not the party
in power pledged against such a policy r When
there was no war upon the country, when there
was no threat of war, in the canvass of 1858, the
t iesident, then a candidate for a place 011 this
