1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
37tii Co27G....2d Sess.
Qlavery hi the District—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
floor, in presenting his views upon this subject,
declared himself against any such legislation, al-
though favoring gradual emancipation.
Wo are now engaged in a desolating, sanguin-
ary, and exhausting war with a large portion of
the people of the South, and upon this entire sub-
ject the whole South is sensitive to the extreme,
if there ever was a time when such a measure
could be unwise, that time is now. I confess my-
self surprised that the Republican organization
should at this time venture upon such an uncalled
tor and hazardous policy—a policy in violation of
the declared views of the President, and in vio-
lation of what I think may be fairly considered
the pledges of the Republican leaders to the coun-
try; pledges made in times far more auspicious
than now for such measures.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me to
observe thatwhen 1 alluded to the Republican party
it was for the purpose of proving by then* recorded
action the precise allegation he now makes of
them; to show that they had never taken the ex-
treme positions which had been attributed to them
even by my friend from Kentucky. Jt was only
m that way that I alluded to the Republican party
to show its generosity and liberality.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that such
are the views of individuals, and I hope individ-
uals will carry their opinions into action here with-
out reference to party organizations. £ have en-
deavored to do so,a.nd I hope the Senators on the
other side of the floor will pursue the same policy.
I know that there is a great portion of the Repub-
lican party between whom and myself I can hardly
name a difference, who agree with me, as a gen-
eral thing, in principle and in policy; but I know
there are others from whom I differ greatly, and
they are the persons who produce these measures
on the floor of the Senate. We shall better un-
* derstand exactly how the Republican party is
moved when there shall be final action on some
of the measures which have been brought forward.
1 wish, however, to say that I think against this
measure the Republican party, as such, aie com-
mitted, as far as a party can be committed, by the
express views of the person nominated by them
as their standard-bearer in the presidential contcst;
and if it was wise for the President at that time to
take that position, by the greater reason it is right
and wise that it should be maintained now.
1 have said that, as the question was before the
Senate, I would now meet it. My friend from
Indiana has brought forward a bill prepared, as
1 have stated, by the President when he was a
Representative from Illinois in 1848. I am dis-
posed to make some changes in that bill as then
proposed, not in its substance, but adding pro-
visions that I think will improve it. As to the
bill thus amended, I wish to say that I am sin-
cerely in favor of it. I repeat, in order that I may
be understood, that I look upon the institution
as a serious evil m the District, independent of
the moral character of slavery,about which I pro-
pose to say nothing, as it comes before us as a
political institution. If a measure, such as I think
just, such as Republicans at one time thought a i
just and fair measure, such as has the authority
and sanction of precedent and experience, can be
brought forward here,I shall giveitwhat support I
i can. That I may be understood 1 will briefly
state the measure as I propose to support it. The
Senator from Indiana in his statement did not go !
into any details as to the bill. I wish the bill un-
derstood, also the reasons why I approve of it.
The first section of the bill of the Senator from
Indiana, as I would amend it, provides:
"That no person not now within the Distact of Colum-
bia. nor now owned by any person or persons now lesident
within ft, shall ever be held m slavery within said Distiiet,
except as hereinafter provided.*'
That of course limits slavery to the slaves now
here, and pievents any slaves being brought here.
The next section is:
"That no person now within said Distiietor now owned
hv anv person oi persons now resident within the same, or
hereafter born within it, shall ever be held in slavery with-
out the limits of said Disti ict."
That is another limitation, so that if any slave-
holder should take his slaves out of the District
into Virginia, Alabama, or any other State, th'ey
would become free. But to that section I would
add this proviso:
Provided, That the officers of the Government of the
United States, being citizens of the slaveholding States,
coming into said District on public business, and remaining
only so long as may be reasonably necessary for that object,
may be attended into and oat of said District, and while
there, by the servants of themselves and their families, with-
out their right to hold such servants in service being thereby
impaired: Jlnd provided further, That citizens of slave-
holding States visiting or temporarily remaining in the said
Diftnot, may be attended into and out of said District, and
while there, by the servants of themselves and families,
without their right to hold such servants in service being
thereby impaired.
The rule of comity, as it is recognized by all
civilized nations, would demand some such pro-
vision as I have just read. In a case decided
sometime since in the supreme court of Massa-
chusetts, the question arose of the right of a cit-
izen of a slave State in transit to hold a slave ser-
vant. Chief Justice Shaw, one of the most eminent
of our American jurists, in delivering the opinion
of the court, remarks, in substance, that did Mas-
sachusetts occupy such a geographical position as
to make such right of transit desirable or a great
convenience, that is, if she was bounded in whole
or part by slave States, then, as a matter of com-
ity, the laws of the slave State maintaining the
master's authority would be enforced in Massa-
chusetts.
Sincc that decision the question was raised in
Illinois. Illinois, it will be remembered, is bounded
on one side by Kentucky, and another, in part,
by Missouri. Upon very full argument, and very
careful consideration, the supreme court of that
State held that as a rule of comity Illinois would
maintain the rights of masters in transit, and tem-
porarily being in the Suite accompanied by their
slave servants. As a matter of comity, we en-
force the laws that prevail in Constantinople to a
certain extent in this country; the same is true of
all other countries. It is the practiced courtesy of
nations, not dependent on statutory provisions,
but when required, recognized and enforced by the
courts.
The District of Columbia is surrounded by
Maryland and Virginia. It should be equally ac-
cessible to the people from all parts of the coun-
try. When the Union shall be restored, men and
families from the South as well as the North, will
congregate here, some on account of office, some
on account of business, and some for observation.
I would have the capital at Washington accessi-
ble to a family from Kentucky or Louisiana, with
their domestic arrangements, as well as to a family
from Matneor Illinois. The true spirit of courtesy
demands tins, and it is in this spirit thatourGov-
ern merit will have to be administered, if evei again
it is administered as a unit.
Section three of the bill provides:
u That the children born ofsdavo mothers within said Dis-
trict, on or after the 1st day of , in the year of our Lord
1862, shall be tree, but shall be reasonably supported and
educated by the respective owners of their mothers, or by
their heirs or repiesentatives, and shall serve reasonable
serviceasappienticestosueh owners,heirs, and represent-
atives, until they ieffectively aruve at the age of twenty-
one years, when tlify shall he entirely free, and the munici-
pal authouticsof Wa^hinsrton and Groigefowu, within their
respective jur^dictional limits, are hereby empowered and
rcquned to make all suitable and nece.^aiy provisions for
enforcing ohcdience to tills section on the pait ot both mas-
ters and apprentices.'5
The next section provides for manumission at
the will of the owner. His slaves arc not to be
taken from him without his consent; but upon
application to the Court of Claims, he may at any
time have their value assessed. I do not like the
machinery provided m the bill reported by the
committee, making a large number of officers foi
this particular service, but I prefer to have the
Court of Claims administer this business, as they
can do; let them take testimony, ascertain the
value of the negro, give him free papers, and the
master an order on the Treasury for the amount
of his valuation, which closes the business.
I undertake to say, that with a bill like this,
providing that the proprietor of the slave may have
his value properly assessed and paid, the insti-
tution of slavery will be extinguished throughout
the District almost immediately. The Govern-
ment will have to pay and ought to pay what the
slaves arc worth; and then we shall be freed of
the institution, and will have the opportunity to
4o what I am anxious to see done, introduce white
labor into the District of Columbia. This will
accomplish it, because, if the proprietors can get
what the negroes are worth, they will be willing
to be rid of them. Then I propose another pro-
vision:
And be it further enacted, That all slaves and free per-
sons of color resident in the said Di.-trict may be colonized,
with their consent, out of the limits of the United States,
and the sum of ^250,000, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appiojmatud, may be expended under the
direction of the President of the United States.
As I have had occasion to state heretofore, I do
not believe in the constitutional power of Congress
to appropriate moneys for the purpose of the col-
onization of slaves from the States; but over the
District of Columbia we have full jurisdiction, and
in the exercise of the police powers of Govern-
ment here we can make this provision. It will be
of importance, as we have not got properly the
labor of either free white persons or of slaves, to
get rid of the one in order that we may introduce
the other. Now, establish colonization, if you
please, on some wise plan, of the persons held in
slavery and free persons of color who choose to go
from this District, and you may lay the foundation
of a legitimate, cheap, and convenient coloniza-
tion, not to be carried on by the Government,un-
derstand me, further than the Dfstrictis concerned,
but carried on by those efforts which may be le-
gitimately made in the States by societies and
individuals. Ry taking this step, a great national
movement could readily be inaugurated.
When I speak of colonization do not understand
me as being in favor of sending the colored pop-
ulation of this country acioss the Atlantic to Af-
rica, to a country with which we have scarcely any
communication or business, a country to which
they are not acclimated. It docs not follow be-
cause a person has African blood in him that the
African climate suits him, although a more con-
genial climate than the one to which we are accus-
tomed will certainly suit him. In Central Amer-
ica and about the Isthmus of Panama is a vast
country, great portions of it uncultivated, owned,
it is true, generally by proprietors who own four,
five, fifteen, twenty, or thirty leagues. There, how-
ever, a country could be acquired. It is on the line
of our corumeice with the Pacific; it ison the line of
a large trade carried on by this Government with
the Gulf of Mexico, and with Mexico above the
Isthmus; it is a very productive country; it is a
country which we, the white people of Notth
America, never will wish to occupy; it is too .Sir
south to breed the kind of man, the men wUU the
hardihood of body and mind that are required in
the maintenance of a free people. Let the Govern-
ment, then, I say, organize a policy and secure a
country in the southern part of our continent for
the purpose of colonizing the people of color of
the District of Columbia, and you have then laid
the foundation nf a work that can b  proseouted
through the legitimate channels of effort and en-
terprise and the exercise of a true humanity.
This makes provision for these people. In order
to get free white labor here which we want,, we have
to get rid of this population. Now, let us legis-
late to do it. When you treat the subject, tieat
it considerately, treat it fairly, and treat it com-
pletely.
Then I have added to this the proposition that
the measure shall be submitted to. the people of
the District of Columbia. That was the propo-
sition of our present Exccutivc-«r a proposition to
which I think the Republican party may be said
to be fairly committed. It is right. We legislate
for the whole Republic in certain fields of legis-
lation; but for the Distiiot of Columbia wo legis-
late in place of their representatives. That is the
exact relation which we assume. We undertake
to act in the place of their representatives. It is
our duty to consider all their interests. It is my
business to consider their interests as carefully as
those of theStateof California. Itis just as much
tjie business of the Senator from Maine to consult
their interests as to consult the interests of his
own constituency. Here the doctrine of repre-
sentation, so far us they arc concerned, legitimately
applies; and we should, upon all questions belong-
ing to their domestic affairs, consult them as we
would our respective constituencies were wo act-
ing in a St^te Legislature. Now, how do we
understand these interests? I, coming from the
Pacific coast* am not presumed to understand the
interests of the people of this District, nor are other
gentlemen from other remote parts. Where arc
we to learn? Wc should endeavor to learn fioru
