1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2567
any other way whatever for any service he per-
forms as such officer.
Mr. EDWARDS. That is a necessary law,
and its adoption grew oat of the great amount of
fe< s received by district attorneys in the execu-
tion of (he duties of their offices.
Mr. BEIO YVNE, of Rhode Island. In the city
of New York, where they have perhaps fifty or
sixty eases pending at a time, under what is known
as the " ciimes act," most of which business is
done exclusively by the clerks in the district attor-
ney's office, without occupying his time at all, that
makes a very fair compensation for the district
attorney. Where all the cases which occur are
small ones, the aggregate amount received will be
considerable, but where larger cases occur, such us
smuggling cases and others of that character, the
attorney receives only fiom twenty to sixty dol-
lars each, while the opposite counsel will receive
five or ten times that amount. There have been
five hundred untried cases on the docket at New
York at one time.
Mr. EDWARDS. I was under no misappre-
hension upon this subject of fees; and the remarks
of the gentleman have not established the fact that
I was under any misapprehension. He only says
they do not receive the fees now. I say that when
they did receive those fees, they amounted to an
enormous compensation, and 1 say that where
they receive them now they must be a compen-
sation to a considerable extent in large places.
Where the district attorney has only a single long
case to try, it may be that he gets an inadequate
compensation; but where you take the whole oft he
fees and see what the aggregate result is, you will
find that it does, or may, furnish an equivalent for
the labor performed.
Now, I do not understand, and I inquire for
information, whethei this billincreasing the salary
of the district attorney of Massachusetts, limits
him upon the subject of receiving fees?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
All the fees are to be accounted for to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. EDWARDS. It may be advisable to pro-
hibit the icceiptof fees entirely as a compensa-
tion to district attorneys, and if so, that policy
should be adopted with reference to small com-
pensations as well as to large ones. If that is the
true policy, theie should be geneial and notspe-
cial legislation upon the subject. Let us prohibit
the receipt of fees, and fix a suitable salary for
all, graduated according to the several districts
throughout the w hole country. Let us have gen-
eiai legislation, and not this striking in here and
there as influence may be brought to bear in favor
of one and another. As to this salary of $6,000,
exclusive of all fees, my judgment is that it is
excessive. I would not leduce it very much. I
am not in favor of very stinted salaries for valu-
able services; but there is a medium. There is a
• high price for public officers and a low one, and 1
think that a competent man may be found in the
city of Boston, or in the district in winch Boston
is situated, to discharge the duties of this office
for $4,000. Upon that point, however, [ do not
propose to enlaige at all. If ^6,000 is enough for
New York, ceitdinly something less than £,6,000
should be enough for Boston, where the amount
of commerce and business is so much less.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. The gen-
tleman will allow me to state that the fees and sal-
ai y of the disti ict attorney in Rhode Island have
not averaged $700 annually.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desi-rc to sub-
mit a motion which I cannot well submit while
the gentleman from Ohio retains the floor. I wish,
however, to indicate to him and to the House
that I desire to move to recommit, with instruc-
tions that the Committee on the Judiciary shall
report the amount of salary, fees, and emolu-
ments paid to each district attorney of the Uni-
ted States for the last fiscal year, and whether any
surplus fees weie paid into the Treasury of the
United States for the same fiscal year by any dis-
trict attorney, and if so, stating the judicial dis-
trict from which those surplus fees were paid.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire t® ex-
plain my reason for desiring to submit that mo-
tion. By the act of 1853, the amount of salary
of district attorneys, including all fees and emol-
uments, was limited to $6,000. So far as the dis-
trict attorney for the district of Massachusetts is
concerned, if the salary is inadequate, I am will-
ing to increase it. I am not opposed to the in-
crease of salaries where it is necessary to com-
mand the services of competent men. But the
act of 1853 contemplated that the surplus of fees
remaining in the hands of the district attorneys
at the end of the fiscal year should be paid into
the Treasury of the United States. It is in refer-
ence to that matter that I desire information. I
wish to legislate understanding^ upon this sub-
ject. The increase of salaries has no terror for
me. I am willing to increase the salary of any
officer when 1 believe that the amount paid htm
is inadequate; but as the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Edwards] has remarked,appli-
cation after application will be made here for in-
crease of salary from the various district attor-
neys of the country, and particularly in the border
States where an immenseamountof unusual busi-
ness has already been thrown upon the district
attorneys. I know, for instance, that in my
own State many indictments have been preferred
against parties for the crime of treason, and par-
ties have been brought to trial or have been ar-
rested and will be brought to trial at the next term
of the circuit court. 1 piesume that the same is
the case in the district of Kentucky, and in the
western district of Virginia, and the same doubt-
less will be the casein the three judicial districts
into which the State of Tennessee is divided.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. My friend
from Missouri is doubtless aware that in all these
cases where an indictment is found, there is a fee
provided in every case, both for the preliminary
examination and indictment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am aware of
that.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. In all these
cases the disti ict attorneys would be paid by fees.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In the cases to
which I refer no preliminary examination was
had, because indictments have already been found
by j^rand juries.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must now claim the floor.
I have but a word or two to say upon this sub-
ject. The bill of the Senate, for which the com-
mittee has reported a substitute, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior may, at his discretion,
allow compensation, in addition to that now au-
thorized bylaw, to each district attorney in a dis-
trict having1 a port of entry, to an amount not
exceeding$6,000. Inasmuch as the Secretary of
the Interior has communicated in his report that
the compensation of the district attorney for the
district of Massachusetts is wholly inadequate,
amounting only to about fifteen hundred dollars
under the existing law, the committee thought it
best to report this substitute and leave the ques-
tion open for the further consideration of the
House. If the substitute shail be adopted, it ap-
plies, as the House is aware, exclusively to the
district of Massachusetts, and gives to the district
attorney for the enure State, excluding fees under
the existing law, $6,000 a year. I am well enough
satisfied myself, from the reputation of that dis-
trict attorney, that he is entitled to that compen-
sation. I am well enough satisfied that no man
in that State is fit to fill that office to-day who is
not entitled to that amountof compensation. The
House, by voting down the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary, may, perhaps, get rid
of the services of such a district attorney, or any-
bod v like him. You may get in his place some-
body wilting to undertake to perform the duties
of his office for $1,500 a year, but who is utterly
incompetent to discharge the duties, and, in that
event, I undertake to say, that instead of saving
$4,500, you will rob the Treasury perhaps of fifty
or one hundred thousand dollars annually, by
reason of the absolute incompetence and unfitness
of your district attorney.
1 remarked before, and I think I am justified in
repeating the remark, that the monetary interests
of the United States in the district of Massachu-
setts exceed the monetary interests of the United
States in any other district of the Republic, except
the southern district of New York, and it is for
the House to determine, in that view of the case,
whether it will summarily dispose of this bill in
this way. I will make this Anther remark, how-
ever, in reply to the suggestion of the honorable
gentleman from Illinois, that if the substitute re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee be voted down,
the question then recurs on the original Senate bill.
1 admit, and lam free to say for myself as a mem-
ber of this House, that it' would be better to adopt
that Senate bill to-day, if the substitute be rejected,
than to reject'it, arid allow the law to stand as-it
is; and for this reason, that in some districts of
the United States, by reason of the very nature-pf
the business, district attorneys now receive their
$4,000 and $5,000 annually. The district attor-
ney is made to account for the costs that accu-
mulate, whether he has received them or not, In
the settlement of his charges. By a communica-
tion from the Treasury Department, at the extra
session of the present Congress, itturned out that,
under the construction of the existing law, to
which the gentleman from Missouri refers, hold-
ing the district attorney responsible for all fees in
favor of the Government, he has received just no
compensation at all. Hence the House saw fit,
on the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to amend the law in that particular in-
stance.
Mr. YOORHEES. It is so rare for me to agree
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
that I wish to celebrate this occasion by announ-
cing my concurrence with his views. I have long
desired an opportunity to express my convictions
on the subject of the pay of district attorneys. I
shall favor this bill. I will go further, and favor
a bill embracing in its provisions a general revis-
ion of the fees ofdistrictattorneys. There is noth-
ing more ridiculous, when closely inquired into,
than the pay of district attorneys. I speak from
experience. I have known litigations on the part
of the Government of the United States to go on
for one, two, and three years, involving, perhaps,
twenty, thirty, forty, or fifty thousand dollars,
resulting finally in a vcrdict in favor of the Gov-
ernment and a collection of the amount, in which
the district attorney would be paid twenty dollars,
a docket fee. Now, any gentleman on this floor
who is ready to sanction such a rate of remunera-
tion to persons adequate to fill the office of United
States district attorney, must havq a very slight
appreciation of what attorneys in good standing
can earn in other walks of their profession. While
%the district attorney was earning this twenty dol-
lars, the attorneys for the defense would, perhaps,
be paid, for unsuccessfully defending the case,
$500, $1,000, or $2,000 fees. I understand this
thing perfectly. I have seen it in my own pro-
fessional and official experience. For these rea-
sons, Mr, Speaker, I shall favor this bill. 1 have
not the slightest doubt of its equity and justice.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forvey, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a joint resolution (S. No. 78) to suspend all pay-
ments under the act approved March 25, 1862,
entitled " An act to secure to the officers and men
actually employed in the western department, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension, and for other purposes;" in which lie
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (S. No.
184) to authorize the President of the United
States to appoint diplomatic representatives to
the republics of Hayti and Liberia, respectively*,
when the Speaker signed the same.
FEES OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS—AGAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Voorhees] has concluded his remarks,
I would like to move the previous question and
let the vote be taken.
Mr. YOORHEES. One word further in an-
swer to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. F.
A. Conkling,] who puts an inquiry to me as to
the remuneration furnished by mileage. I believe
that the law as it stands now allows to the dis-
trict attorney ten cents a mile traveling to and
from the place of his labor.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. And a per diem of
five dollars.
Mr. VOORHEES. And a per diem of five dol-
lars during his attendance on court.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would state that it
appears, by a communication from the Treasury
Department, that the district attorney for the
northern district of New York has received, dur-
ing the last year, over one hundred dollars a day
