88
APPENDIX*"TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery in the District—-Mr. Bottins.
Ho. of Reps.
them. If the sentiment of this District, where it
is said there are only five hundred persons held
as slaves who are lit for service, should be against
the measure, which I do not believe, it will be for
a reason which is at the foundation of the tardy
steps made in favor of emancipation for the last
twenty or thirty years. What a man may do of
his own free will, of his own grace, at his own
instance, in the way of surrendering a right or
bestowing a benefit, he will do because it is a right
surrendered or a benefit bestowed by him; but if,
in his mode of doing it, ho is interfered with by a
stranger, he will be specially resistant.
In 1849, I was for some time in Western Mis-
souri, traveling about the counti°y. While there
the subject of slavery was a matter of very com-
mon discourse. I made my headquarters at the
house of a clergyman who owned some eight or
ten hands. He was opposed to the institution. I
found that the proprietors generally nil through
that part of the country were opposed to the in-
stitution and anxious to bring about some system
of gradual emancipation. They wanted white
labor, thought it more economical; but as soon as
the Kansas difficulty arose, and they heard of
Sharp's rides being taken out there from the East
instead of Bibles, that same people, who had been
strongly in favor of emancipation, became fiercely
resistant; and I heard of this same old clergyman
being found on the road going into Kansas with
a rille on his shoulder. Why? Because they felt
it to be nn interference with their business; and if
the people of the District of Columbia exhibit any
hostility to this measure, it will be ill a spirit of
resistance, because we have not been disposed to
consider their views and their interests. Now, I
have lio doubt that a large majority of the people of
the District are in favor of some bill, but of course
it must, be a bill which will not look like an as-
sault upon them. Their interest is in favor of
some measure of emancipation. 1 trust if the meas-
ure does pass, it will be. submitted to the people
of the District. For one I wish to say to the people
of the District of Columbia, that we, as their legis-
lators, intend to consider their interests and their
wishes in matters of domestic legislation.
Mr. President, this bill is not of great public
importance so far as the amount of appropriation
is concerned, or so far as the subject-matter of
legislation is concerned; but it. is of'great import-
ance so far as it concerns the health of opinion
and sentiment throughout the country. 1 think
that a measure such as I hat 1 have suggested is
preferable to the one presented by the committee;
luit both are more or less imperfect. In so grave a
businessof legislative administration and manage-
ment, my own notion is that the bill should be re-
coinmiited and more carefully prepared, so that
it may he as near peif'eet as practicable, and fur-
nish as few obnoxious points as possible. When
in calmer times the minds of legislators can be
fully devoted to legislation, much more time is
given to the simplest measures than is now "iveii
to the gravest. In other countries, living in the
light of a larger experience, much more time is
given to the consideration of such measures than
with us. A measure like this in England, before
it would even rcocivo consideration in Parliament,
would have a special commission for its investi-
gation of the most skilled and apt persons cog-
nizant of the subject-matter, and after careful
examination and matured plans and views, giv-
ing the reasons pro and con. on every side, Par-
liament would undertake to express the opinion
of the country by either negativing or affirming
the measure. We have been, during this session,
especially in haste over the giavest matters, not
demanded as immediate necessities of the day.
It would seem as if there was some apprehen-
sion oil the part of gentlemen that the power thoy
now possess might by some accident, or by some
change in the order of l'rovidcnce or the couvsti
of events, suddenly cscape from their hands; that
their power might be like Jonah's gourd,'that
grew up in a night and withered in a night.
I think Senators should come here with the
calm purpose of transacting thatgrave and solemn
business which belongs to the maintenance of in-
stitutions, with a disposition to introduce only
such modifications as are required for the progress
of civilization and the development of the country.
Legislation requires study, reflection, and careful
preparation. Lessons that we should have learned
by past experience, that the world has learned for
centuries, and which have been recognized by all
calm thinkers, seem to have been almost utterly
ignored by this Senate.
Wow, Mr. President, I have a word to say
about some portion of the remarks of the Senator
from Ohio. That Senator yesterday made the
first rallying party speech that I have heard since
war was upon the country, either upon the stump
or in this Chamber. I had thought myself that
there should be, so far as our councils were con-
cerned, so far as our business here and our con-
versation abroad was concerned, but one party in
this whole land, and that a nationalUnionparty;
that to the great subject of restoring the Union in
its integrity we should bend all our thoughts, to
it we should give all our energies, and not let
party discord and party difference come in to break
up council. I have always been known asaDem-
ocrat. The views I have entertained in former
times I have in no material or substantial matter
changed. This was known to my people. I was
sent here by the votes of Republicans and Demo-
crats, but men who, ill the day of their country's
trial, determined to surrender all such mere minor
questions of difference or of doubt as unworthy
of the day. I stood pledged to them only to this:
that I would be found standing by the Union and
laboring to reestablish it in ail its integrity, as
firmly and as persistently as any man. I thought
that was a sufficient pledge, and I thought to do it
would be a sufficient office until at least peace
shall have returned after successful war.
The Senator from Ohio took occasion to an-
nounce, and challenged any exception to the ob-
servation, that to the victors belong the spoils, that
the present Administration had won success in a
party fight, and therefore that the offices should
be held by Republicans, and he took exception
because the head of the Army was a Democrat,
and because generals in the Army were Demo-
crats, known as such. So far as I am concerned,
perhaps it may be said that I am in a minority
and therefore it is not worth while forme to make
mention of these things, but I must say that I have
not lent my voice to any person for appointment
to civil or militaiy office since 1 came here on ac-
count of politics. When I came here there were
no Republican members in the other branch of
Congress trnm California. There was no one here
from that State but my colleague and myself, and
I had come most immediately from the State with
the vote of the Republican party. So far as civil
office was concerned I did endeavor to represent
the views of leading Republicans of the State. I
did understand, however, that in military matters
nopaity question would be at any time raised.
Indeed I did hope that in this time of difficulty the
party rule would have been, to a certain extent,
ignored at the White House and in the various
Departments as to all matters connected with the
administration of the Federal Government. I
wished to hear nothing of party, and I yet hope
that we may hear but little of it until we have con-
cluded this wty-, which has yet to be long and
bloody, full of difficulty, full of trial, with many,
many disappointments.
Perhaps the war may—I hope it may—perform
one great, good office: that it may bring together,
as a unit, once more in our history, the true, sound,
thinking men who really love their country and
her institutions, many of whom have beenandare
too wide apart. I make no particular objection to
the partisan position assumed by the Senator from
Ohio; but I think we had better wait a little longer,
perhaps even until another presidential canvass,
before we undertake to make organizing party
speeches here or elsewhere. I hove myself, when
speaking on these subjects, out of as well as in the
Senate, endeavored to maintain just the opposite
course. Where J have found the effort made to
charge this war as the result of the election of a
Republican President J have contradicted it, and
met it with fact and argument. Where the pur-
poses ot this Government, or any portion of the
Government, have been charged as beingpurposes
hostile to the institutions of the South, I have met
that by fact and argument.
I have endeavored to make a unit of all the Union
men of the country by everything I have spoken
or written since the war has been upon us; arid
although the gentleman may cry his party cries,
I shall pursue the same course. When the war
shall be over, when peace shall return again, when
our weapons shall be tickets at the ballot-box, when
our leaders will not advance standard in hand and
sword at side, but when we may grasp with cour-
tesy the hand even of our fiercestadversary, I shall
be prepared for peaceful contests. I think a coun-
try like ours requires at least two parties; it will
not do in any free government to have but a single
party continually administering the Government.
When peace shall have returned, I shall be found
sustaining my peculiar views and opinions, and I
shall then be ready to encounter the Senator from
Ohio on party issues. It may be perchance that
we may agree; I should be pleased to agree with
him if I possibly could; but if we should chance
to differ, I will be ready to hold with him fair, le-
gitimate, wordy war; but I think we had better
postpone all such engagements, and I hope they
may be postponed in the Senate.
Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate
further. I again reiterate the sentiment that all
this kind of legislation is inopportune, that the
war is made more threatening and will be much
more protracted by reason of violent sentiments
expressed on this floor of hostility to the South,
personal and political, and by the bringing forward
of measures such as have not been heretofore
contemplated. It would be better if we should
come to the conclusion thatalhhese matters should
be laid upon the table; I do not allude now to this
bill. If the measure can be put in proper shape,
very well. I would rather see legitimate legisla-
tion than none; but so far as these other meas-
ures are concerned which are not demanded by the
times, I hope they maybe laid on the tabled As
to this measure, I shall vote for the substitute of
my friend from Indiana, amended as I have sug-,
gested;or if one of the same character can be
brought before the Senate I will support it earn-
estly. I think such a measure it would be well
to pass. I cannot vote for the bill as presented
by the committee. It is, in my judgment, against
the plighted faith of the Republican party in sub-
stance, and is a most unwise and imperfect bill at
best.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OE HON. E. H. ROLLINS,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the House of Representatives,
April 11, 1863,
On the bill for the release of certain persons held to service
or laboi in the District of Columbia.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, said:
Mr. Chairman: It is one of the most beautiful
traits of human nature, that while the sons of men
are struggling to bear the burdens of human life,
and perform the works assigned to our common
nature, they sometimes step aside, or stop in their
way, to minister to the wants of the needy, who,
sitting by the wayside, lift their eyes and hands to
beg for charity. This nation, which, like a giant,
walks along the pathway of nations, girded as
with iron, sternly to meet and overwhelm its fratri-
cidal foes, while marching steadily on to its work,
feels it no hinderance to listen to the humble cry
of a few hundred of its feeblest children, who grind
in the prison-house of its deadly foe.
The abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, is, to the few slaves therein, a deed of
justice and mercy that this people cannot omit to
perform at this golden opportunity. Slavery has
forfeited all claims to any implied obligation for
immunity in the capital of the nation, by 4ts mad
attempt to tear down the pillars of that Govern-
ment undei which it claimed protection. Justice
demands that the arch enemy of our Government
and instigator of all our present calamity, who
still lurks in this chosen center of the Republic,
as Satan did in the garden of Eden, should be ex-
pelled,and that the glittering sword of power should
guard the gate against its entrance forever more.
Mercy—if the act of emancipation may have that
quality—demands for the victims of this too long
endured oppression their restoration to the primal
rights of humanity. This is the quality that will
give to this act, about, as I trust, to be consum-
mated, its crowning grace and virtue, and com-
