1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
They were taught to love and respect the Consti-
tution of the United States. What is their con-
dition to-day? They are hunted and pursued like
the beasts of the forest by the secession and dis-
union hordes who are enforcing their doctrine of
coercion. They are shot or hung for no crime
save a desire to stand by the Constitution of the
United States. Helpless children and innocent
females are murdered in cold blood. Our men arc
hung and their bodies left upon the gibbet. They
are shot and left lying in the gorges of the mount-
ains, not even thrown into the caves there to lie,
but arc left exposed to pass through all the loath-
some stages of decomposition, or to be devoured
by the birds of prey. We appeal for protection,
and are told by the Senator from Indiana and oth-
ers, " we cannot enforce the laws; we are against
the entire coeicivu policy." Do you not hear
their groans? Do you not hear their cries? Do
you not hear the shrieks of oppressed and down-
trodden women and children? Sir, their tones
ring out so loud and elenr that even listening an-
gels look from heaven in pity.
I will not pursue this idea farther, for I perceive
that I am consuming more time than I intended to
occupy. 3 think it is clear and conclusive, with-
outgomgfurther into the discussion, that the Sen-
ator from Indiana has sympathized with the re-
bellion. The conclusion is fixed upon my mind
that the Senator from Indiana has disqualified him-
self, has incapacitated himself to discharge the
duties in tins body of a loyal Senator. 1 think it
is clear that, even if we were a court, we should
be bound to convict him; but I do not narrow the
case down to the close rules that would govern a
court of justice.
But, sir, in the couise of the discussion one pal-
hating fact was submitted by the distinguished
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Tun Eyck,] and
he knows that I do not refer to him in any spnit
of unkmdness. There was more of legal learning
and special pleading in his suggestion than solid-
ity or sound argument, lie suggested that there
was no proof ihnt thus letter had ever been deliv-
ered to Jefferson Davis, and that therefore the Sen-
ator from Indiana ought not to be convicted. Well,
sir, on the other hand, there is no proof that it
was not delivered. It is true, the letter was found
in Mr. Lincoln's possession; but who knows that
Davis did not read the letter, and hand it back to
Lincoln? It may have been that, being from his
caily friend, a man whom he respected, Lincoln
desired to keep thelctterand show it to somebody
else. We have as much right to infer that the let-
ter was delivered as that it was not; but be that as
it may, does it lessen the culpability of-the Sena-
tor fiom Indiana? He committed the act, and so
far as he was concerned it was executed. It would
be no palliation of his offense if the man did not
deliver the letter to Davis. The intent and theaet
were just as complete as if it had been deliveied.
Duung the wai of the Revolution,in 1780, Ma- ;
jor Andie, a llutish spy, held a conterencc with
'Oenedict Arnold. Arnold prepared Ins lettei s, six j
in number, and they were handed over to Major |
Andre, who put them between the soles of his icet |
and his stockings, and he started on his way to !
join Sir Henry Clinton. Before he reached his i
'destination, however, John Paulding and his two j
associates arrested Major Andre. They pulled off j
his boots and his stockings,and i hey got the papers; j
they kept them, and Major Andie was tiled and |
hung j s a spy. Arnold's papers wore not delivered !
to Sii Henry Clinton; but is there anybody In re :
who doubts that Arnold was a traitor? lias public j
opinion everehaneed upon that subject? lie was
not convietrd ma court, norweie the treasonable :
dispatches which were to expose the condition of i
West Point, and make the Biitish attack upon it ;
easy and successful, ever deliveied to Sir Heniy ,
Clinton, and yet Andre was hung us a spy. Be-
cause Sir Henry Clinton did not receive the trea- ,
sonable documents was the guilt of Benedict Ar- i
nold any the le^s? I do not intend to argue this ,
question hi a hgel way: I simply mention tins ;
circumstance by way of illustration ol the point
which has been urged in the piesent case, and
leave it for the public judgment to detcrmuie.
Sir, it has been said Gy the distinguished Senator j
from Delaware [Mr. Svulmjury] that the ques-
tions of controversy might all have been_ settled
by compromise. He dealt lather extensively m
the party aspect of the case, and seemingly de-
sired to tino w ihe onus of the present condition of
affairs entirely on one side. He told us that if so
and so had been done these questions could have
been settled, and that now there would have been
no war. He referred particularly to the resolution
offered during the last Congress by the Senator
from Ne.w Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] and upon
the vote on that he based his argument. I do not
mean to be egotistical, but if he will give me his at-
tention 1 intend to take the staple outof thatspeech,
and show how much of it is left on that point.
The speech of the Senator from Delaware was
a very fine one. 1 have not the power, as he has,
to con over and get by rote, and memorize hand-
somely rounded periods, and make a great display
of rhetoric. It is my misfortune that 1 am not so
skilled. I have to seize on fugitive thoughts as
they pass through mymind, make the bestappli-
cation of them I can, and express them in my own
crude way. I am not one of those who prepare
rounding, sounding, bounding rhetorical flour-
ishes, read them over twenty times before I come
into the Senate Chamber, make a great display,
and have it said, " Oh, that is a fine speech !" I
have heard many such fine speeches; but when I
have had time to follow them up, I have found
that it never took long to analyze them, and reduce
them to their original elements; and that when
they were reduced, there was not very much of
them. [Laughter.]
The Senator told us that the adoption of the
Claik amendment to the Crittenden lesolulions
defeated the settlement of the questions of con-
troversy; and that, but for that vote, ail could have
been peace and prosperity now. We weie told
that the Clark amendment defeated the Crittenden
compiomisb, and prevented a settlement of the
controversy. On this point I will read a portion
of the speech of my worthy and talented friend
from California, [Mr. Latiiam;] and when I speak
of him thus, 1 do it in no unmeaning sense. I in-
tend that he, not I, shall answer the "Senator from
Delaware, i know that sometime, win n gentle-
men ore fixing up t hei r pretty rhetorical lloui ishes,
they do not take time to see all the sharp corners
they may encounter. If they can make a readable
sentence, and float on m a smooth, easy stream,
all goes well, and they are satisfied. As I have
said, the Senator from Delaware told us that the
Clark amendment was the turning-point in the
whole mattei; thatfiom it had flowed rebdhon,
revolution, war, the shooting and imprisonment
of people in ditlerent States—perhaps he meant to
include my own. Tins was ihe T.uuloi a\s box
that has been opened, out of which all the evils
that nowafilict the land luive flown. Thank God
I still have hope that all Will yet be saved. My
woithy filend from California, [Mr. Latham,)
duung the last session of Congress, made one of
the best speeches he ever made. I bought live
thousand copies of it for distribution, but I had
no ennstitucnts to send them to, [laughter;] and
they have been lying in your document-room ever
since, witn the exception of a few, which 1 thought
would do good in some quarters. In the course
of that speech, upon this \ery point, he made use
of these remaik^:
v'Mi. Pio-idcnt, iH'injf l.i-t winter a eatefitl e-wilno-s
of alI th.it occimed, 1 *- ">««n bceame t .ue-tied that it \";e- a,
d'-hberaic, wiiilui de'-ujn, on the pait^f feme1 irpiffiita-
ttves ot' southern Staie-i, to hcize upon the < ler-ium oi Mi
Lincoln meielv as an excuse to pri-eipitat0 lhi- i f voir.! ion
upon the counti \ (),ie e\ id-ie e, to mv mm.!, tin- uict
thai Roiuti Cdiohn.i iH'u'i -"lit hcj Sen.'to, . heie 1
Then they cirtamly w-'ie not iiiiluencvd by the
Clark amendment.
_\n ?,ddiiional <-\ uicnep j that wlem -x-'nth'nei) on this
flonj. hv th"ii \ uU'-. eniiM 1\>: continued th^y
n'lU-rd to en:-f 'hern i"i i, a: that iiie vriy piopo- it ion. :-ub-
nntti-d to the- body nn^ht ha\e an mlh"mee m '•hanging
the opni.ores ot then '•on-titiieueKS, Why, -ar. when the
isolations --uhniitn-d l>> the ^cimtoi fiom New Jlumpsliiir
[ Mi. (Ji-MiKj Wfie oflei ed a-> an .unendment to tin- Cntlen-
d'j.i pjojiOMtionv, foi the manileM puipo'-e of embaila-Miisr
tin* lart'-i. and the vote taken on the Kith ot .f.muniy, 1K>1. 1
a li.what did wc-c.;? 'J heie weie nit\-fi\v hen.uoi.- auhat
liiiu' upon tni1- ilooi m pel-<>.). The Glob1"1 ot the--ecmd
-iv-Hon. Tin. tv-M\fli • "oni:1'''-: pan 1, pair" K>;i, -ho w< llut
upon tne call ot the \e -aid n.iv.s imnx'uintrly pterednig
Tilt'vote on ihe ->ulWifuUn<: "| Mi Cr.^UK's ani<-t.dm< nr,
thei<> weio ihtj-ln<_■ votes casi. I \*...i n-.v! (lie vote horn
the Giubi':
—M<•*--!■-. Anciionv. Bak<M, TVp^haiii. Cameron,
Chandlu, S'laik. '"'ollnpier hivm. Ooolittle, Duilce,
sonden, Toot, Foitci > Gi uni'- Hah', 11 ail an. Kmc, Hew ai d,
^minions, Humnei, Tea Tiuinball, Vv'.aie, Wilkm-
>on. and
—Mes-i- Paynd, Pni^.a'uni. Redei, 1'iaccr,
Pieriit^ Ciniirnesn. ('jiUonden, Doiurl.i^, Tiieh, Gieen,
Uwin/ili-nipuil!. inn.'e-i. Ivti-on, .Tohn-on of Atkau-a-,
Jahu on ot TuiiU'.'r-' <\ Konn <1,. L-.uiu, I>athai'!, Md-ou,
Nicholson, Pcarce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Salisbury,
Sebastian, Slidell, and Wigfall—30.
The vote being taken iimnudiately after on the Clark
pioposition, was as follows:
" Yeas—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Carneron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon,Doolitlle, Duikee, Fcs-
senden, Toot, Poster, Grimes, Hale, Uarlan,King,Sewurd,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—25.
"Nays—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Biagg, Bright, Cling-
man, Cnrtnnden, Fjteh, Gicen, Gwm, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
Peaiee, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, and Sebas-
tian—23.
"Six Senators retained their seats and refused to vote",
thus themselves allowing the Clark proposition to supplant
the Crittenden resolution by a vote ot twenty-five to twenty-
throe. JIi Benjamin of Louisiana, Mr. Hemphill and Mr.
Wigfall, ot Texas, Mr. Jveison of Georgia, Mr Johnson of
Ai kan^as, and Mr. Slidell of Louisiana, were in their scats,
but refused to ea^t their votes."
I sat right behind Mr. Benjamin, and I am not
sure that my worthy friend was not'close by, when
he refused to vote, and I said to him, " Mr. Ben-
jamin, why do you not vote? Why not save this
proposition and see if we aannot bring the coun-
try to it? " He gave me rather an abrupt answer,
and said lie would control his own action without
consulting me or anybody else. Said I, " vote,
and show yourself an honest mail." As soon as
the vote was taken, he and others telegraphed
South, " We cannotgetany compromise." Here
were six southern men refusing to vote, when the
amendment would have been rejected by four ma-
jority if they had voted. Who, then, has brought
these evils oil the country ? Was it Mr. Clark ?
lie was acting out his own policy; but with the
help we had from the other side of the Chamber,
if all those on this side had been true to the Con-
stitution and faithful tothcir constituents,and had
acted with fidelity to the country, the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire could have
been voted down, the defeat of which the Senator
from Delaware says would have saved the coun-
try. Whose fault was it? Who is responsible for
it? I think that is not only getting the nail through,
but elcnelnng it on the other side, and the whole
staple eonimodityis taken outof the speech. Who
did it? Southern traitors, as was said in the speech
of (he Senator from California. They did it. They
wanted no compromise. They accomplished their
object by withholding their votes-, and hence the
co'unfry has been involved in the present, difficul-
ty. Let me read another extract from this speech
of the Senator from California:
"T ieoollecr full well the ioy that poivaded the faces of
uniir; i>f tho>o gentlemen at the ioult, and ihe -sorrow man-
ifested In Uu1 veneiahle Senator fiom Kentucky, j Mt. Ciua-
Ti.NDris ] The l^eord shows that Mr Push, from Ohm,
de-paimi^oi anv eompiomise butvveen ihe cxinnues of ul-
ti.iKepublieanwn and di^mnoni^t<, working manifestly lot
the tMun<> end. moved, immediately after the vote^vas an-
nounced.to lav the whole Mibjecton the table, ffyouvvill
tuin to page 4-13, same volume, you will Imd, when, at a
hue peiiod, Mr. Cameion, fiom Pennsjlvania, moved to
icoomidoj the vote, appeals having been made to sustain
those who wcie strujrgliii!* to pieservc the peace of the coun-
tiv, that the vote was reeonsideied ; and when, at last, the
(Jiutcnden pmpo^itions were submitted on the 2d dav of
ATaieh, ihe>c ^outhe^l States having neaily all &ee«:ded,
tliov weie then lost by but one vote. Herein the vote :
'•'•yi'Afi—MesMs. Bayard, Bi^k-r, Biigiit, Criltenden.
Doutrla", Gwm, llnntei. lolm^on ofTenne^^ee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Niehol&on, Polk, Pugh, Itice, Se-
bastian, Thomson, and Wiefall—ID.
c''"S\y<—Me^is Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Ciaik,
l)i\on, Doolutle, JJuikee.Fe^scnden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hailau, Kms, Mori ill, 'Stunner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
U ade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.J
" Jfihe-e^crcdin^southern Sr>nafor<? bad remained, tlieie
would have iia^s,>(3, hva laipc vote, (ab it did without them,)
an amendment, by'a two-third vote, loibiddm? Congie.-s
r vei jiitr-iieimg with slaveiy in the States. Tho CtiUen-
d< n proposition would have been indorsed by a majoiity
vote, the sul)i"<-t finally ':oni2 beioie the people, who have
nevervet, altereon^uleration, iclu^cd justice, ibr.uiy length
of time, to any poition of the eonntry .
'•I believe more, Mi. Piesjdent. that these ^entlem-n
weie acting m pin -ujucu ol a setlh'd and fixed plan to l-t eak
tip and dc>U0} this Covcinment."
When we had it in our power to vote down the
amendment of the Senator from jN'ew Hampshire,
I and adopt the Crittenden resolutions, certain
southern Senators pieveiited it; and yet, even at
a late day of the session, after they had seceded,
the Ci ittenden proposition was only lost by one
vote. If lebcllion and bloodshed and murder have
followed, to whose skirts dous the responsibility
aitachr I summed up all these faets myself in a
speech duung the last session; hullhavepieferred
lo read fiom the speech of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, he being better authority, and having pre-
s< nted the fuels better than I could.
What else was done at the very same session ?
The House of Representatives passed, and sent
