1862,
THI CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE
Boston:
For paving and diaining at new shops, spinning ma-
ehineiy, boiler house, and chimney for rope walk and yarn
null, coal house for foundery, snn'theiy, and for other pur-
poses, reservoir and steam pump, or pipes for Cochituate
water, water closets, repairs,and inciease pf ordnance ma-
chinery and shops, and lepairsof all kinds, §179,748.
New York:
For dredging channels, building and repairing scows, offi-
cers' house?, rebuilding long dock, repairs to ship houses,
addition to otiice building, quay walls, extension of sewer,
yaid diaiuagc, boiler house, foundery shed, machinery for
machine shop, foundery, boiler shop, and smithery, repairs
of machinery, boilers, extension of sinithery, repairs of en-
gines m machine shop, repairs and increase of ordnance
machineiy and shops, and repairs of all kinds, $352,085.
Philadelphia:
For extension of joiners' shop, storehouses, and smithery,
repaiis of dry dock, dredging, repairs, and increase of ord-
nance machinery and shops, and repairs of all kinds,
$128,746.
Washington:
For machinery and tools, paving, gas works, repairs and
increase of otdnance machinery and &hops, and repairs of
all kinds, $108,985.
Mare Island:
For completion of derrick, foundery, and equipment,
grading, completing officers' houses, gas works, two iron
wbaif-crane«i, machinery and tools for sinithery, cisterns,
scows, lighten, stages and pile driver, drainage and sewer-
age, boat-house and slip, and repairs of all kinds, §196,3o2.
Sackett's Ilarbor:
For lepairs of all kinds, $1,500.
Hospitals.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire:
Foi purchase of twenty-seven and three hundred and
fifty-five thousandths acres of land on Leavey's island, ad-
jacent to the Kittery navy-yard, fitting up the buildings
thereon for a hospital, building coal wharf and coal shed,
and tor fencingthegrounds: Provided, That the cost of the
land so to be purchased shall not exceed $14,500, $20,000.
Boston :
For extension of hospital and repairs of buildings, $71,500.
New York:
For house tor director of laboratory, repairs, and improve-
ment, $31,300.
Philadelphia:
For furniture and repairs of same, house cleaning and
whitewashing, repairs to furnaces, giates, and ranges, gas
and water rent, panning wall on Shippen street, and gen-
eta! repairs, ,$5,300.
For support oi'beneficiaiies, $27,000.
Magazines.
Boston :
For general repairs of buildings, addition to magazine,
and wall around magazine grounds.
New York:
For improvement of armory, house for stoiage of loaded
shells, and lepairs of all kinds, $55,249.
Washington:
Foi repairs ol magazine and ordnance building, $6,000.
Mare Island:
For repairs of all kinds, .$2,000.
For pay of superintendents, naval constructors, and all
the civil establishments at th« general navy-yaids and sta-
tions, $10 4,581: Provided* That hereafter no salaries shall
be paid to any employe in any of the navy-yards, except to
those designated in the estimates. All other persons shall
receive, a perdn'nu'ompensation for the tunc during which
they were actually engaged.
Naval Observatory.
For the purchase of nautical instrument*, repairs of the
same, and of astionomical instruments, and foi the pui chase
of nautical bucks, map*, and charts, and for backing and
binding the same. $10,000.
Foi wages of instrument maker, watchman, porter, and
laborer; for keeping grounds in oider; for iu«l, lights,
freights, transportation, and postage; for repairs to build-
ings and molosures, and contingent expenses, §13,000.
For pay of four aids to be employed at the Observatory
and llydioguipliical Office, $4,000.
For impairs, impioveinenN, and furniture for buildings,
and for contingencies at the United States Naval Academy,
$-ltf.047.
For preparing for publication the American Nautical
Almanac, $*25,880.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the following
sums he, and the same aie hereby, in like manner, appro-
priated
So that the bill will read:
Be it evaded !>y the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the following sums be, and tiiey art; heieby, appropri-
ated, to bepaidoutof any money in the Tieasury not other-
wise approptiated, for the service of the year 18G2, &e.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Rtiike out" .$33,000,find insert iu lieu thereof" $3,000
so that the clause will read :
For repan.s at Observatory, freight, and transportation,
$3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Stake out the following clause:
For building additional gunboats, $15,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. That clause was inserted on
the motion of the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. It was for building wooden gun-
boats, The Senate has struck it out, and, aa I
think, very properly. It never should have been
inserted. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in 
Fourth amendment:
Insert the following:
For casting heavy ordnance at the Washington navy-vard,
$250,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Add the following as a new section :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$783,294, being the amount necessaiy to be provided, as es-
timated by a tioard appointed for that purpose, to pay for
and finish the Stevens battery, now paitiaily constructed
at Iloboken, New Jersey, be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropuated, for the immediate completion of said battery:
Provided, That in the contract for the completion of the
said vessel it fchnli be stipulated that no part of the money
claimed by Edwin A. Stevens to have been heretofore ex-
pended by him upon said vessel, shall be refunded until
the amount of said claim shall be established to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the Navy, and the payment of
said sum shall be contingent upon the success of said ves-
sel as an iron clad, sea-going war steamer, to be determ-
ined by the Piesident; and such contract shall stipulate the
time within which the vessel shall be completed: Provided
nevertheless, That said mpney shall not be expended unless
the Secretary of the Navy is of opinion that the same will
secure to the public service an efficient steam battery.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add the following:
Sec.'J. And be it farther enacted, That the sum of
,•$13,000,000 be appiopuated out of any money in the Treas-
ury. not othetwiseappropriated, to enable the Secretary of
the Navy to construct iron-clad steam vessels of war.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Add the following :
Si;c. 4. And he \t farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy be authorized to commute the Navy ration of coffee
and sugar tor the extract of coffee combined with milk and
sugar, to be piocured in the same manner and under like
testricuons and guarantees a^ arc preserved meats, pickles,
butter, and de&iocated vegetables, if he shall believe it will
he conducive to the health and comfort of the Navy, and not
more evpen«ive to the Government than the pi esent ration,
and if it --hall be acceptable to the men.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Amend the title so as to make it read,(i An act making
additional appiopriations for the naval seivice for the year
ending June 30, 1862.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. DUNN. 1 move to leconsider thevoteby
which the House concurred in the Senate amend-
ment striking' out the appropriation for gunboats.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means stated that the appropriation was for build-
ing wooden gunboats. That is a mistake. It is for
building gunboats whether of wood, iron, or any
other material. I think it important to the inter-
ests of the western rivers that gunboats should be
placed upon them. Even though the rebellion
was suppressed to-morrow, we will need them for
years to protect property in that region of the
country where people are so faithless to private
and public obligations. I think it unjust that the
matter should be acted on in the absence of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
offered the amendment, which was agreed to by
a very large vote.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be recollected that the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, on
being inquiicd of about these boats, stated ex-
pressly that they were to be wooden boats. This
was befoie the contest between the Merrimacand
the Monitor; but the Senate has since discerned
that wooden gunboats are good for nothing; but
it has inserted an appropriation of §13,000,000 to
build iron-clad gunboats.
Mr. DUNN. That being the case, I withdraw j
my motion, !
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to reconsider the vote !
by which the amendment in regard to the Stevuns |
battery was concurrcd in. 1
Mr. STRATTON. I move to lay ^he motion
on the-table. - - • ' - -5 1 - .
Mr. LOVEJOY, I hop© the gentleman from
New Jersey will withdraw his* motion for a mo-
ment. I desire to say a few words. . ^ i
Mr. STRATTON. I. withdraw the'motio^
Mr. LOVEJOY. I Cannot gay
vestigated this matter thoroughly, but-my
sion is that it has been hanging by the gittsffeff
twenty years past, and that so rhuch-mtorfe^ha#
been spent upon it that it is not worth whife toi
spend more. I am told that it has been altered'
once a year during that whole time. It;sostairi#
some relation to the poor woman of the Gospels
who had suffered much from many physician®'
and had spent all her living, and was nothing the*
better, but rather worse. Oceans of money nrive
been spent on this battery, and it is nothing bkt"
ter but rather worse. I think we ought to build
boats that would be worth something,
Mr. STRATTON. I think the gentleman is a
little mistaken when he says that Congress has
been making appropriations for this battery year
after year for several years. There has been one'
or perhaps two appropriations made by Congress;
but there never has been a time in the history of
the country when there was such a necessity- as*
there is now for the completion of this battery, if
it will accomplish what its inventors claim fork.
I have nodoubt that itwill. This matter has been
thoroughly investigated by committees on-the part-
of the Senate—by the Naval Committee and by
the Finance Committee. It was discussed at con-
siderable length a few days ago in the Senate,
and this appropriation was voted by a largO ma-
jority. If the gentleman from Illinois wilUook at
the section he will see that unless the battery shall-
prove successful, shall do what its inventors claim*
for it toward protecting our coasts, no money is to
be paid to Mr.Stevensfor the advancements which,
he has made. The whole matter is to be left to the
approval of the President, and unless he is satisfied
that the object which is claimed by the inventor
will be produced, not one dollar is to be paid.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment5 It will be recollected that at the
last session of Congress the House authorized
the appointment of a commission to investigate
this thing, and a very large majority of that com-
mission—at least two thirds of the commissioners
—reported against the practicability of accom-
plishing the object which is sought by means of
this battery. And the gentleman is a little incor-
rect, unintentionally, of course, in saying that I
asserted that an appropriation had been made
every year for this battery. I said that altera-
tions had been made every year, and that heavy
appropriations had been made; that she has been
a continued experiment. Now, sir, here we have
this commission,appointed especially to examine
this subject, who nearly unanimously report
against the completion of this battery, and who
are certainly as competent to decide upon its mer-
its as any committee of Congress.
Mr. STRATTON. I was also in error in say-
ing that no part of this appropriation was to be
paid unless the battery accomplished all that is
claimed for it by Mr. Stevens. It is true, how-
ever, that no part of the money expended byMr.
Stevens is to be refunded unless the battery does-
accomplish its object, and no money at all is to
be expended, except upon the approval of the
Secretary of the Navy.
In relation to this report made by the commis-
sion appointed under the legislation of Congress
of the last session, I have this to say: that no sin-
gle improvement has been started within the last
quarter of a century in relation to our naval affairs
that has not met with the opposition of almost all
the professional gentlemen connected with the
Navy. I happen to know one fact in relation to
the Monitor, which saved this Government per-
haps millions of dollars, and which prevented the
total desi ruction of everything in the neighbor-
hood of where she made her appearance, that
Lieutenant Worden, who was in command of the
Monitor, when he entered upon her command had
no faith whatever in her efficacy. He believed
she would prove totally worthless, and in no wise
effective. But the result shows that in that opin-
ion he was mistaken.
I now renew the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion. There are other members
who wish to be heard on this question.
