90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery in the District—Mr. Rollins.
Ho. 03? Reps.
ins with its spies lurking: in our great northern
cities, to hunt for still blacker treason, which,
shame to say,they experiencednogrcatdifficulty
in finding; while treason sweltered in its hot-
bed, alt ready to light the heavens with its lurid
glare, ouruntried soldiers of freedom rested quietly
by their hearthstones, waiting for the mounting
sun to melt the winter's snow from the fields of
their cheerful and well-requited toil. Apprehen-
sive ef no sudden call that should startle them
like the throb of an earthquake, the cheerful me-
chanic stood beside his bench, and plied his im-
plements of willing; industry, no more believing
that the storm of civil war would burst upon the
land than that his native mountains would belch
forth volcanic fires from their rounded summits.
But at once the whole southern sky glared with
the fires of a traitorous war. Their chosen Chief
Magistrate summoned them to his side, and away
from home they sprang, fighting their way as they
approached the beleaguered capital, cheered along
all their route till they piesumed to pass through
the regions doomed to the blight of slavery. Then
their reception was notsuch as the soldier, march-
ing through his own country, going to its defense,
receives from loyal hearts—mingled smiles and
tears and garlands woven by the hand of beauty
and virtue; hut missiles of death, loud and demoniac
curses* Slavery set its minions to contest their
advance to the seat of Government their fatheis
gave with their lives. Slavery frowned black upon
them from the windows along these streets, cursed
them in the winding passages of our Government
buildings, while it still clung to the places of trust
it had always held, and where it still lingers to
plot and spy for treason. Let this place be purged;
Jet this spot of earth be cleansed as with fire and
flood, till no trace or vestige of this abomination
remain, and let the day of its power "stand, aye,
accursed in the calendar."
Slavery is the cause of this mad and monstrous
rebellion. This ia the foul spirit that spread its
enchantments over the minds of its worshippers,
and lured them to their bloody deeds. It nmtteis
not who may deny it. Whether it be those whom
it has sent as embassadors to foreign Powers, to
he themselves into favor with the Courts they visit,
or those who loudly professing their devotion to
the Union, tremble with every word they utter lest
in the terrible shock of the hosts of fieedom the
pet uliar institution may lost: some pillar of its sup-
port, and life their hands with deprcea ting gestures
to/-'pare t!iis gloomy sancI uary, whose altars smoke
with treason. In vain do we seek* for any other
cause, and none other is sought to be given by
those who have flagrantly attempted to overthrow
the Government. While treason was defiant in
these Halls, us it well might, be from the cringing
supplinnce that had always been paid to the be-
hests of slavery, it wrapped itself in the folds of
its constitutional assumption of the rights of the
system of bondage, and stalked out of Congress,
it is slavery that has whetted every sword that
drips with patriot blood. It is slavery that sped
every cannon shot and rifle bullet that have strewn
our battle-fields fiom Manassas to Pittsburg with
the bodies of our brethren. It is slavery that
sought fit instruments of its warfare in the barbar-
ous, Moody-minded savage, and chose the toma-
hawk and scalping knife for its weapons. So let
it be! The historian who wiite.s the deeds of na-
tion* for futnie generations to read, will nor fail
to record the truth that slavery put itself front to
front with liberty, in the great rebellion of the
nineteenth century. Let it, be our care that men
shall not blush to read that we sought to shun the
real foe, and flesh our swords in some spcctial
horror.
Ilowstand the facts? Nearly all the slave States
joined bodily in the iebellion, and theie are none
of them but in some measure gave, and aie still
giving aid to treason. It is only by the timely
piesence of northern soldiers that any slave State
is kept in the Union, with perhaps the exception
of Delawate. Maryland begged that our hurry-
ing hosts might not pass through its chief city,
and I know not for what purpose the thousands
of troops are still kept upon her soil except to
protect herfrom herself. Kentucky, through her
Governor, who still remains her chief executive
officer, defiantly lefusod to give aid to the Presi-
dent when he callcd, Missouri was overrun by
her own men, and now lies desolate; and when
she recovers, and magnificent fields wave once
more with golden harvests of wheat and plumed
ranks of corn, her loyal people will remember
that she was redeemed by the valor of soldiers
from the free States. It is presumption to ask,
if these border States had not been bound by the
shackles of slavery, they would not have stood,
as stand their sister States that along their north-
ern borders even now,under all the burden of this
war, still thrive and prosper. Wherever slavery
predominates, there the States are all absorbed in
this iniquitous work. Where the proportion of
slave population is small, there do we find staunch
friends of the Union; and no less does the grati-
tude of the nation flow out to them; ay more,
that they were exposed to the terrible scourge of
intestine war and bloody minded treason in their
own midst. But let them not lessen that sense of
grateful feelings by still hugging to their bosoms
the unrelenting foe of our common country; and
I appeal to them that, now the capital of our na-
tion is still possessed by us, they help to rid it of
the blight that tainted nearly all the ruling popu-
lation with treason.
Slavery began the contest here in this capital.
Here did it plot the whole category of crimes.
Night was thick with the steam of villainy, and
the chambers of legislation were possessed by men
who came to their scats direct from the rooms of
conspirators; and he who presided through the
night over assembled traitois, sat by day to gov-
ern the deliberations of the Senate. With most
unrelenting hate and cruelty it has pursued free-
dom, and it is my prayer that in the conflictit may
receive a blow from which recovery will be im-
possible. This I believe to be the heartfelt desire
of every man who looks forward with any hope to
a reunion of these States—to a perpetual brother-
hood. Slavery struck a foul blow at freedom,
whichithad sought to disarm; and Ictitnot com-
plain, if the blow it had aimed at its too patient
combatant recoils upon its own crest, and the
power long usurped is used for the defense of the
Republic. Recent achievements show the temper
of the men it has hitherto despised; and it is to be
hoped that it has began to learn the lesson free-
dom gives to all foes, ospocially those of us own
household. Now that fieedom is foiced into the
contest and luis mustered its hosts, having sent
forth its sons to do battle for the right, it hurls
proud defiance in the face of slavery, and has
blows to give as well as take.
With what ill grace does it come from the apol-
ogists of slavery, who charge that the Republican
party are waging this war for the emancipation
of the slaves. One would judge that the free
iStatcs had started a crusade and marched its hosts
into the heart of the South while yet the whole
population thereof were quietly pursuing the ac-
customed tenor of their lives, loyal in their hearts,
and cheerfully submitting to the proper restraints
of constitutional law, and performing all the ob-
ligations of good citizens. Wo wage an aggres-
sive war? We battle to defend our institutions,
to preserve our Government, to guard the price-
less heritage bequeathed to us by noble ancestors
against the assaults of the inveterate foe of human
rights. In the whole history of this contest, no-
where in the lecoids of the doings of the Cabinet
or of the proceedings of Congress can there be
found a single declaration to give color to the
charge that this isn war tor the destruction of sla-
very. On the contrary, we have been altogether
too tender of the institution, and our leniency has
been our fault. Some generals in the field have at
times been engaged m promulgating manifestoes
having for then* object the return of fugitiveslrom
our lines, though they might be possessed of val-
uable infoiniation in reference to the movements
j of the etu my. Othcis hove b^en occupied in ic-
I turning the fugitive slave to his rebel master, (o
I dig m the trenches, a>ai build the breastwork from
! whence the tiaifoi owner might s/ifejy hurl the
| missiles of death m tMe midst of our paSiiot sol-
diers. U is because they know that by nli the
Jaws of war we should be justified m seeking the
heart ot our foe, and annihilating forever the in-
spiring cause of all our present wees, that thus
then frighted consciences start at the thought of
what (hey know the whole wotld would applaud.
Fearful that the slumbering might of a great peo-
ple may aw*ake to retributive justice, they stand
appalled at every uneasy stir and every ominous
murmur of the giant. It is the guilty heart that
protests against the conceived judgments of the
mind, and reads in every eye the sentence of con-
demnation.
For more than sixty years the free people of
the North, as they have come to visit the capital
of the nation, have been compelled to come in
contact with this revolting and offensive system,
and for fifty years to witness the cruel barbarities
incident to the slave trade. The laboring men of
the free States have been obliged for half a cen-
tury to submit to the humiliating degradation thus
heaped upon them. They have borne their ex-
clusion from the capital of their own country with
little murmuiing, content to bide the time when the
disgi ace of labor should be removed,and they might
do for this region what they have done for the
New England, the middle, and the western States.
The immunity they have granted to forced labor
and unpaid toil, with all its thriftless results, they
will grant no longer. The drudge and drone might
live in the house so long as it gnawed its own
fingers and kept the peace. But now that it has
sought to scatter the firebrands through all the
rooms and give the whole structure to the flames,
the laboring members have little scruple to drive
the incendiary without the doors while they seek
to quench the fire he has kindled. Why should
slavery be allowed longer*to remain in the Dis-
trict? It is not surprising that now, when this
same institution, in addition to all the other evils
it has caused, seeks to destroy the Union and the
Government, the toiling millions of the North are
determined, at least, to see it banished from the
capital. Thus much they demand, and they will
take nothing less. There is to be no further delay,
no putting off until next year. Now is the time,
and the only time, acceptable to the people. The
abolition of slavery in this District is demanded
as some slight indemnity for the past, and full
security for the future. The capital should be
inhabited by a loyal people, ready to defend it in
ease of rebellion, and not by a community any
considerable portion of which are ready to take
up arms to destroy it.
Slavery makes a people disloyal, and therefore
has no claims to consideration or favorfiomloyal
heaits anywhere; and our own self-defense re-
quires that it should be abolished wherever Con-
gress has the power. The power to abolish sla-
very m this District 1 do not understand to be
denied by any one, and was admitted by the ven-
erable and distinguished gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] m his argument to-day. It
must, therefore, not be allowed here any longer.
The war has brought hundreds of thousands of
our laboring men to this region. They now stand
face to face with the foes of the Republic. By
the blessing of God, and their undaunted courage,
those foes will at length be overcome. The em-
blem of our Union will be displayed in every har-
bor on our southern coast and along all the peaks
of the Alleghanies; and then their work will be
done. They will have looked upon this fair re-
gion so favored of nature; they will have seen
how this city, situated upon the willing waters,
invites the skill of their labor, and the cunning of
their hands. Make this city free, and it is not
too much to expect that she will cast off herdrag-
j gledgaiments and adorn herself with the white
robes of commerce, and deck her brows with the
jewels of art.
In giving my vote for the abolishment of slavery
in the District of Columbia, I act not only in ac-
cordance with my own convictions of duty, but
follow the instructions given to the delegation
then m Congiess by the New Hampshire Legis-
lature in when there was a Democratic ma-
; jonty in both branches. At that time the follow-
, nig lesolutions weie unanimously adopted:
i k< Recalled In/ the Serial c and House of Representatives in
Gc.tcru' Coml <i>uuiu<l, Th.it, opposed (o cvi'iyform of
j ouprc.x.-ioi). iIjp jv (>[)lc of New Tlamp^hiio have over viewed
i with decpieiiiei the existence of Haveiy in this Union ;
that while thov have Mead'astly Mipported all sections in
then eoiMituuoiirtl i i«hH, thoj have, not oulv lamented its
ovi-ftiee a  :i meat social evil, hut unaided it as haught
witii danger to the peace and welfare of the nation.
'• li'-iolrcii. That while, in periods of excitement home
o' I'll* opponents of sin very huv- reported to measures which
wc have1 thought it oui duty to oppose and censure, on the
other-hand, flavehoidirigcoirumniidc&, in many portions of
