im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. PIKE. This is a question involving near-
ly a million of dollars. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion. .
Mr. STRATTON. I will withdraw it for the
present. '
Mr. PIKE. I am very glad the gentleman has
withdrawn his motion. This appropriation is in
my judgment one of some consequence to the
people of the country, who will have to pay the
taxes, if it is not to the gentlemen who advocate
it. It is nominally for a little more than three
quarters of a million dollars; but the House will
bear in mind that when this battery was com-
menced theproposition was to build it for $500,000,
so that the cost has already more than doubled
the original estimate. If this appropriation shall
be made,the Government will then have advanced
$1,288,000 for this battery, and how much more
it will require to complete it I do not believe any
gentleman in this House can tell. I have con-
versed with the gentleman who has this projected
battery in charge, and I think I know something
about it. And I venture the judgment that
$788,000 will not complete it. But supposing it
will be sufficient, when it is completed, you will
have a battery costing $1,288,000, that will draw
so much water as to be no sort of consequence in
defending any southern port or in attacking any
southern port.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man from Maine tell us how much water this bat-
tery is supposed to draw?
Mr. PIKE. I think I can.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it is to draw
twenty-two feet.
Mr. STRATTON. I can say to the gentleman
that this battery will not draw so much water as
the Merrimac.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
says the Stevens! battely draws twenty-two feet
of water. As far as I could ascertain at Portress
Monroe, the Merrimac draws nineteen feetof wa-
ter. The trouble the Minnesota experienced in
attacking the Merrimac was, that she drew too
mueh water. The least water m the channel there
is twenty-four feet. The Minnesota drawing
twenty-three feet and some inches, got aground,
and consequently failed in her attack upon the
Merrimac. Now, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania says that it is proposed the Stevens battery
shall diaw twenty-two feet of water, and any gen-
tleman who has been at Hampton Roads, knows
as well as 1 do that she cannot be made useful
there, and that, of course, she cannot at Wilming-
ton, Charleston, or Savannah, or other barred
harbors of the southern coast.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 think I made a mistake in the statement 1
made as to the number of feet of water this bat-
tery is to draw. I think the statement of the pro-
prietor was thatsbe oidmarily draws twenty-one
feet, but that it was provided that she could be
sunk six feet more.
Mr. STRATTON. When she is in sea-going
condition, she draws seventeen and a half feet,
but when she is in fighting trim, she draws twenty-
one feet.
Mr. PIKE. Very well, taking either statement,
as you please, and I submit that the statement I
have made holds good that she will be of no effi-
cacy upon the southern coast.
Now, then, about the price, which is a matter
of.some con sequence. The Monitor, which draws
twelve feet of water, was built for the Government
for the contract price of ^'-275,000, and I under-
stand that the new iron-clad vessels to be com-
pleted with improvements, and considerably en-
larged every way, according to the suggestions of
Ericsson, with the improvements that experience
has dictated, will cost ^400,000 each. You then
have this great battery, four hundred and twenty
feet long, drawing, as gentlemen have it among
themselves, anywhere from seventeen to twenty-
seven feet of water, and neither of the statements
are correct according to my judgment, but they
may have it as they please in tliis regard. You
. will then have this immense battery, upon which
$800,000 has already been expended, and upon
which any gentleman may see who will examine
the model in the ante-room, the guns are unpro-
tected by any modern improvement.
Now, gentlemen understand perfectly well the
model of the Monitor, they understand the pecu-
liar defenses that she presented to the ordnance of
tho Meriimac, and they will understand by ex-
amining this battery that this vessel presents none
of those peculiar defenses for which the trial of the
Monitor shows it is necessary to provide. Gen-
tlemen may go on and say that her guns are pro-
tected by flanges on the side, but if they will ex-
amine the model now in the ante-room they can
judge for themselves,from the experience wo have
gone through, as to their efficacy to protect the gun-
ners. Gentlemen are aware, when they sneer at
science and at experience, that Congress, at the
extra session, thought it proper toauthorize the ap-
pointment of commissioners for the purpose of
making a thorough examination. Those commis-
sioners, after thepassage of the law, were appointed
by the head of the Navy Department. They were
selected from the men believed to be most skilled
to judge of the matter. Of the three commission-
ers one is LieutenantSteiner, now of the Monitor.
He was selected because he is a superior engineer.
I have talked with that gentleman since the fa-
mous engagement between the Monitor and Mer-
rimac. Professor Henry, of the Smithsonian In-
stitution, was another of the commissioners. He
knew nothing practically about sea-going vessels,
and he frankly states that he could hardly see the
reason why he was put upon that commission.
Of the three gentlemen composing the commission
two pronounced against it emphatically, and Pro-
fessor Henry thought there was enough in it to
warrant making the experiment. And now, with
this judgment of the commission against the pro-
ject, and without any recommendation of the Navy
Department, this House is called upon to sanction
this appropriation upon the delusive idea that,
after you have made it, it will be blocked by some
of the officers of the other Departments.
Mr. OLIN. Let me interrupt the gentleman a
moment.
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman is well aware that
two of these commissioners found certain objec-
tions they thought insuperable to the success of
this experiment, but that the most skillful of our
iron vessel builders in the country have proved
that those objections arc wholly untenable.
Mr. PIKE. I am entirely aware of that.
Mr. OLIN. Then it is only fair to state it.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman can attach to the
certificates of the good-natured neighbors and
friends of Mr. Stevens such weigh Las he pleases.
Petitions, recommendations, and certificates are
not usually hard to begot. LieutenantSteinoi says
that by incasing tho vessel in some way with iron
it may be strengthened: He has not made an esti-
mate of how much it will cost that I am aware of,
and I am not able to make any; and these are tho
circumstances under which this House is asked
to make an appropriation so large that it would
build three Monitors such as experience lias
proved to us can be made effective against the
enemy in a naval engagement.
It is supposed that it will take four or five
months to complete this vessel, as long as it would
take to complete one of the other batteries. There
will then be no saving in time.
If there be anything in this proposition, even
if it be successful, to show that it will be either a
saving of time or of money I have failed to see it.
Then, again: Mr. Stevens s original idea has been
changed in an important point; and that is m ref-
erence to the immense guns upon the deck of the
vessel. If 1 understand rightly, the original idea
was to have the guns upon the upper deck, en-
tirely exposed; and they weie to be so large as to
carry metal weighing fifteen hundred pounds—so
large lhat they could protect themselves by their
own magnitude and weight. That was his oii-
ginal proposition; but it has since been consider-
ably changed. According to that idea, the gun-
ner, or the man who directs the gun, would not
be protected in any other way than by dodging
behind his gun after he had sighted and fired it.
There was no other piotection afforded to them,
for the guns were exposed upon the upper deck.
Look at the model. If there bo any other way
for the protection of the guns or for the protection
1 of the gunners, the model does not show it.
j Under all these circumstances, I am not pre-
I pared to vote far this proposition,
j Mr. STRATTON. I know thatthegentleman
j does not mean to misrepresent the facts; but he
| does not understand the machinery by which
1 these guns are loaded and fired. The men; as I
| understand the model, and I have paid some at-
I tention to the subject, are fully protected. The
guns are depressed, loaded, and fired from below.
They are loaded from below by means of steam
power, and they are sighted and fired from below.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to make a correction. I stated what was the
original idea.
Mr. STRATTON. Why not state the present
idea, for that is what we are considering. When
the original idea was found not to be feasible, it
was abandoned, and a better one adopted. It is
fair that the House should understand what is the
present and not what was the original idea, which
was abandoned five or six years ago.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question ?
Mr. STRATTON. The gentleman will par-
don me.
The gentleman from Maine says that he has no
idea that the amount asked now will finish this
battery. Does he give us any figures ? Or does
he even pretend that lie has entered into any in-
vestigation of this point? It is a mere surmise, a
mere piece of guess work on his part, that the
amount now asked to be appropriated will not
complete this vessel. I have nothing to say in
regard tothatguess. Mr. Stevens, who has charge
of this battery, has made a careful estimate of what
he believes will complete it. He is satisfied that
the appropriation now asked for will complete the
battery; and I think, although I have not been
authorized by Mr. Stevens to say so, if the sum
now asked to be appropriated will not complete
it he will not again come here to ask another ap-
propriation.
There is another important point in connection
with this matter which the gentleman has lost
sight of. There are to be shot-proof towers, in
which the men can safely ensconce themselves for
piotection in case the plan for sighting the guns be-
low should prove impracticable. The guns are
also to be casematcd, so that they cannot easily be
destroyed by the enemy's fire.
There is still another point which has escaped
the gentleman's attention. The Monitor does not
claim to be a sea-going vessel; but by the terms
of the additional section, sent here by the Senate,
unless this battery shall prove to be a sea-going
vessel, then no part of the money which Mr.
Stevens has already expended out of his own
means is to bu refunded to him. I have no doubt
about the efficiency of this battery ; and I believe,
as much as I believe anything, that had the Sen-
ate passed the resolution of this House at the.
extra session, the Merrimac would not have de-
stroyed the millions of Government property at
Hampton F^oads. Had the Stevens battery been
completed and there, the Merrimac would notnow
exist, a terror to our Government. I now renew
the motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman from New Jer-
sey withdraw that motion for a moment?
Mr. STRATTON. I will, if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. OLIN. I will do so. Mr. Speaker, when
this subject was before this House during the ex-
tra session I made some remarks in reference to it
it which Mr. Stevens considered offensive. Since
that time I have taken occasion to examine, with
all the care I could bestow on this subject, in order
that I might asceitaiti what arc the merits of this
project. 1 desire now to give the results at which
I anived. It is tine that a commission was ap-
pointed to examine that battery, and to report upon
it to Congress. That commission have found two
objections, according to my present recollection,
which they thought to be serious, if not insur-
mountable. One was that it probably was not con-
structed of sufficient strength to support the super-
incumbent weightof the armor which would beput
upon her. Another was, that the guns would be
placed in a position in which they would be ex-
posed to thefireof theenemy, and that they might
be disabled. These are the principal objections
found by the commissioners, who reported ad-
versely to this battery.
Now, while some weight undoubtedly ought to
be attached to that survey and report, the coun-
try ought to know, and the country does know,
that every project to construct a ship upon any
plan outside of the ordinary mode employed for
the last fifty years has met with the persistent op-
position of the men at the head of the Bureau of
Construction; and so persistently has that been
done that this much-lauded Monitor was only
