1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2571
manding it? We have not control of that Terri-
tory. So far as it is under the control of any-
body, it is under the control of the rebels; it is a
parr, of New Mexico; and why should we create
a new territorial government for Arizona, and a
new batch of officers in a portion of the country
where they cannot go? Who is demanding it?
I know that some of my friends have this feeling—
there is some of this feeling, perhaps, m the Sen-
ate—that now we can create a territorial govern-
ment here and exclude slavery from it, and have
the government all ready in a way that will sat-
isfy us when there shall be a necessity for a
territorial government there. But, I am not gov-
erned by such considerations. I wantall iheTer-
ritories to be free;and if this territorial bill passes,
1 know it has a clause in it excluding slavery; but
I am not to vote to create a territorial government
simply for the purpose of declaring that principle
unless there is a necessity for the creation of the
territorial government.
I was not in when this bill was taken up, being
engaged upon a committee, but I wish to ask the
Senate how many inhabitants there are in Ari-
zona; how many people are there where you are
going to create this Territory ?
Mr, POMEROY. The evidence before the com-
mittee, and the evidence to me personally from
many of my friends and citizens of our State who
have gone there, is that there are fifteen thousand.
I think the Senator is mistaken in saying that it
is a part of New Mexico. It is so for judicial pur-
poses, and for judicial purposes only, as I under-
stand.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Kansas undertake to say that there are fifteen
thousand white people in what is known as Ari-
zona >
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Independent of the In-
dians ? Why, sir, in all New Mexico, including
Arizona, there are not five thousand Americans,
according to the census.
Mr. McDOUGALL. You mean North Amer-
icans.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean that there is not
that much American population,excluding the In-
dians and the Mexican population. I know there
is a Mexican population in New Mexico, a half-
breed population.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not intend to say that
there were fifteen thousand Yankees there, or fif-
teen thousand white men in the sense that we call
New England and western people white men; but
I do mean to say that I understand there is that
number there of Mexicans, half-bieeds, and Tex-
ans, and such kind of population as inhabits that
country. They are persons who vote, and who
live, and I do not know any reason why they
should not have a government.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that the huge portion of the popu-
lation in what will be the Territory of Arizona
under this bill, are undoubtedly Mexicans; I have
been through the Territory twice, and, as he states,
the proportion of New England people, or, as
he might classify them, our own countrymen, is
very small. The greater proportion of the people
are Mexicans, but they are entitled to all the rights
of citizenship according to the law, and are en-
gaged in commerce, and they look to our Govern-
ment to protect them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will vary my question
then. I should like to know how many people
there are within the limits of what is termed Ari-
zona who weie inhabitants of the United States be-
fore we purchased that little strip from Mexico. I
should like to know how many Americans, men
who were citizens of the United States before the
purchase a few years ago, there are within the
limits of what is to be Arizona. That is what I
should like to know.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend is
entirely mistaken in supposing that this Arizona
is confined to theGadsden purchase, as itis called.
Arizona is now constituted under this bill by di-
viding New Mexico 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have not said a word
about its being a pait of the Gadsden purchase.
The Senator says I am mistaken as to that fact;
sir, I said nothing about the Gadsden purchase;
I said it was a territory we purchased from
Mexico.
Mr: DOOLITTLE. I understood my honor-
able friend to say there was a little strip of terri-
tory. Arizona as it is constituted under this bill
is larger than Illinois and Indiana put together,
and it runs from the north of New Mexico all the
way down. The bill divides the Territory from
Mexico by a line running due north and south.
This is not the Gadsden purchase nor the Me-
silia valley.
Mr. McDOUGALL. We have had in Arizona
a much larger population of our own people than
is there at present; they have been driven off for
the want of protection. Arizona is a very wealthy
mining country? probably one of the wealthiest
mining countries in the world; it probably sur-
passes in its silver ores even the Washoe mines,
now celebrated throughout the world. New Eng-
land has sent her people there, and their invest-
ments alone in mining interests amount to some five
millions of dollars. There have been and are now
invested in Arizona over ten millions of dollars
in mining enterprises. Many of our people have
gone there; it is more important to us than ail the
restof what is now the Territory of New Mexico;
many portions of it are rich, fine agricultural
country, and then it is one of the richest mining
countries in the world. Our enterprise has gone
in there; millions of dollars have been invested;
but many men have been killed at their mines and
driven off for want of protection. We want this
bill passed, that the enterprise which was legiti-
mate, and for which we expected Government
protection, may be again started by men who in-
vested their capital there. The very object of
uiging this bill forward now to a prompt conclu-
sion is that the Government may be able to pro-
tect the large interests that were once established
in this Territory, and where the*capital stands
now invested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator yield tome?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident that this bill has
opened a debate which will occupy, if it goes on,
the whole of the morning hour. My friend from
Wisconsin knows that I yielded a little while ago
reluctantly, with* great hesitation, but to his earn-
est pressure, and with the idea that there would
be no discussion to take time;a I must, therefore,
insist 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust we may have a
vote now on the bill, without further discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. I trust the question of priv-
ilege may now be proceeded with. I call for the
consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone the pending sub-
ject for the purpose of taking up the resolution
indicated in his motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that any
other Senator proposes to discuss this matter any
further; it has been discussed, and I do not see
any reason why we may not come to a vote. We
may as well settle this question now as at any
other time. We ought to vote on it, whether we
organize the Territory or not.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better go over
until to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If no one else desires to
discuss it, let us come to a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that there will
be further debate; therefore I must press my mo-
tion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is now pre-
sented, whether we shall proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution. It is important to know
what it is. I call for the reading of the resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resohcd, That Benjamin Stvrk, a Senator from Ore-
gon, who has been found by a committee of this body to be
disloyal to the Government of the United States, be, and
the same is hereby, expelled from the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate will observe that
the resolution declares that the Senator from Ore-
gon has been found by a committee of the Senate
to be disloyal. Now, sir, I have no desire to dis-
cuss the facts of this case.
Mr. CARLiLE. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I am not out of order, and I
am not going to be out ot order. If the Senator
has any question of order, let him raise it.
Mr. CARLILE. I was going to inquire of the
Chair  :
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator calls me to
order, let him do so. ' - '
Mr. CARLILE. I was going, with the permis-
sion of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, to inquire
of the Chair, for my own government as to the
vote I am about to give. The question I ask '  
Mr. SUMNER. I call the Senator to order. "I
have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
for a Senator to interrupt another Senator on the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. CARLILE. Not without his consent, 1
know.
Mr. SUMNER. I take the facta as they have
been found by the report of a committee of this
body, and I content myself with the conclusion
of that committee. In order to determine whether
the Senate will now proceed with the considera-
tion of the question, in order to appreciate its
urgency, they must know what that conclusion
is 
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Virginia will state his point of order.
Mr. CARLILE. The point of order I make
is this: the Senator from Massachusetts is not in
order now in assigning reasons to the Senate why
it ought to proceed to the consideration of a prop-
osition not now before the body. Itis competent
for the Senate to postpone the bill organizing the
proposed Territory of Arizona, and then it will
be competent for the Senator who may first get
the floor to move to proceed to the consideration
of any other business that may be pending before
the Senate, and on that he can state the reasons
why the Senate should proceed to the considera-
tion of the particularproposition which he desires
shall be taken up; but now, when the question is
upon postponing this bill, which is before the
Senate, I maintain that it is out of order for the
Senator from Massachusetts to assign reasons
why the Senate should proceed to the considera-
tion of the resolution referred to by him. ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the impres-
sion of the Chair that on a question to postpone,
or as to the order of business, it is not in order to
discuss the measure proposed to be taken up.
That is the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair allow me to
state the motion that I have made? I moved to
take up the resolution 
Mr. CARLILE. That motion cannot be re-
ceived.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair it is not open for discussion until it is
taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the question whether
the resolution shall be taken up open to discus-
sion !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes; but not the
merits of the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not propose to consider
the merits. I merely propose to show the charac-
ter of the resolution, that the Senate may see the
importance of proceeding with it, and its urgency.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be m
order.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all I propose; butin
order to exhibit the uigency of this question, it
is my duty to exhibit the conclusions of the com-
mittee, set forth in their report, as follows:
•' 1. That for many months prior to the 2ist of Novem-
ber, 1861, and up to that tune, the said Stark was an ar-
dent advocate ot the cause of the rebellious States.
That after tbc formation ot the constitution ol the
confederate States, he openly declared his admiration lor
it and advocated the absoiption of the lojal cHate& ot the
Union into the southern confederacy, under that constitu-
tion, as the only means of peace, warmly avowing his sym-
pathies with the South.
113. That the Senator from Oiegon is disloyal to the
Government of the Union."
Of these propositions the first two had the sanc-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Willly,]
while all three had the sanction of the rest of the
committee, being the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Wright,] the Senatorfrom Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] and the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.] Thus, in a special committee of five, raised
exptessiy to consider this case, raised, too, after
protracted discussion in the Senate, four of the
