1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
built upon the condition that the builder should
not receive any compensation unless it should an-
swer the purposes which the constructor guaran-
tied it should answer. So that this much vaunted
improvement was literally thrust upon the Gov-
ernment.
Now, after that experiment, it is not worth
while to press very urgently this report and sur-
vey of experts upon the consideration of Con-
gress.
Mr. PIKE. I understand the gentleman from
New York is now upon the floor advocating the
Stevens battery. Gentlemen here in the House
are perfectly aware that the mode adopted to de-
stroy the Merrimac, and which has been partially
carried out, and which is relied upon by naval
men as a sufficient mode of destruction, is par-
tially or wholly to clothe fast steamers with iron
to penetrate the sides of the Merrimac, as she pen-
etrated the sides of the unfortunate Cumberland.
Now, this boat is four hundred and twenty feet
long—a very unusual length for a steamboat—and
I ask what is to prevent the enemy from running
against her and destroying her in that way; and
whether this extreme length of four hundred and
twenty feet would not present such a mark as to
render very probable her destruction ; and whether
a boat like the Monitor, one hundred and seventy
feet long and forty wide, would not present her-
self to the enemy in a much more impregnable
position than this boat so much spoken of?
Mr. OLIN. In the first place, I was about to
observe, as the gentleman would have learned,if
he had listened patiently a moment longer, that
although this boat Monitor is, in one sense, a suc-
ces, in another sense it is a failure. That boat
fought the Merrimac for five hours, and neither did
the other any very considerable damage. Now,
such a conflict as that cannot be said to be much
of a success, one way or the other.
Now, the only present means of defense against
the Merrimac is to run her down, and sink her.
We have no machinery, no vessels, no contriv-
ance, that are adequate to inflictany considerable
injury upon that vessel. It is peifectly invulner-
able, so far as any existing mode of warfare
which we now possess, is concerned, unless it be
that some fast-sailing vessel of sufficiently large
tonnage may he used to run her down. That is
the only means of resistance we now have in
Hampton Roads against that boat.
The Monitor cannot do it; the Monitor can en-
gage her, as she has gallantly done heretofore, and
that is all. But the very difficulty which has been
found to exist in encountering the Merrimac is
obviated entirely by the construction of this vessel
of Stevens's, and that is its chief merit, in my
judgment. By the concurrent judgment of every
engineer who has examined her, there is no doubt
that her speed will average somewhere between
twenty and twenty-four miles an hour, the first
and most important requisite of a war vessel.
Another thing has been accomplished in that
boat which is of immense importance and signifi-
cance in naval warfare, as every one must see,
and that is, that the system of double engines and
two propellers enables her to turn upon her center
with a rapidity superior to that of any other ves-
sel afloat, notwithstanding her great length.
After a care.fnl examination of the proposed
plan for constructing this vessel, not only by the
commission, but by the most skillful shipbuilders
of this country, the only objection found, in my
judgment, is, that these heavy guns upon her
deck will be left in an exposed condition, and may
be dismounted by the guns of the adveisary, if
they can be fired with sufficient accuracy to hit
them. But in relation to that objection, I would
say that there are seven or eight of those large
guns upon deck, and it would require, perhaps,
an accuracy of firing and a miracle of success to
dismount half of them by firing a whole day.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 desire to ask a question
upon that point. Is it proposed, in order to fire
thoge guns, that the gunner shall stand in these
exposed places, and point the guns by telescope?
Mr. OLIN. The gunners are protected below;
the guns are loaded from below; theairaneement
for firing is all below, and the gunners are not
exposed.
Mr. PIKE. I would inquire whether the same
kind of machinery for sighting these guns from
below was not tried on board the Monitor, and
discarded ?
Mr. OLIN. I do not know how that was. It
is evident to everybody that the machinery will
accomplish the purpose for which it was designed,
unless the machinery is disabled in some way.
I wish to allude to another point in which this
boat has an immense advantage over the Monitor.
They can fire these guns ten times where the guns
of the Monitor can be fired once*
Now, then, here is combined these advantages:
the first, and the most important and the most to be
desired, is the greater speed than any vessel afloat.
That, by the common consent of everybody, is
to be obtained in this battery. Next in import-
ance to rapid movement ana great speed is the
greater facility for handling the boat over any
other boat that has hitherto been constructed, by
reason of its double engines and two propellors, by
which the boat may be moved with facility in any
direction, and thus avoid the fire of the enemy.
Another thing has been gained, which I have al-
ready adverted to. The guns can be fired with
more than three times the rapidity of any other
guns by any other arrangement on board of any
other vessel of war.
With these facts before us, in my judgment,
this experiment of completing this vessel is worth
trying. Now, what are the facts in relation to this
matter? The Government has already invested
§500,000 in this vessel, and Mr. Stevens, the
brother of the inventor, has expended, on his own
account, upwards of two hundred thousand dol-
lars; and the simple question now is, whether we
shall appropriate about eight hundred thousand
dollars more, and secure a vessel of war which,
if it accomplish what in the judgment of every
man who urges it upon the Government it will
accomplish, will cost less than two thirds of what
the iron vessels of France and England have cost?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Allow me to ask whether
the vessels to which the gentleman refers are sea-
going vessels?
Mr. OLIN. I have seen various reports upon
that subject. I have seen a report that the "War-
rior, in an experiment to test its sea-going quali-
ties, loosened its timbers in some way, so that it
leaked, and it was feared it would not be a suc-
cessful experiment for that reason. I do not know
how that is.
At all events, I do know that all these iron-clad
vessels, the Warrior and the celebrated iron-clad
vessels built by France, will have cost the Gov-
ernment more than three times the amount that
this vessel will cost the Government, if the sum
now proposed be appropriated.
Mr. HICKMAN. My only purpose in inter-
rupting the gentleman from New York is to cor-
rect what 1 suppose to be a misapprehension upon
the part of some gentlemen touching this battery.
Sometime since I made particular inquiries in re-
gard to it. There seems to be no particular inform-
ation here in regard to the water she will draw,
the manner in which her guns are loaded and
operated, or their defense. A great deal has been
said about the success of an untried experiment.
According to the information 1 have received the
vessel draws twenty feet and six inches of water
when in a sailing condition. She sinks to the
depth of twenty-two feet and six inches in action,
and is calculated to have a speed greater than that
of any other sea-going vessel, as a result of her
double engines and propellers. These, at least,
arc not at the present day an experiment. The
principles have been applied sufficiently to de-
monstrate their success. In addition to this no
man is exposed while the vessel is in action. It
is a great misapprehension to say that thegunner
must fly behind the gun in order to shield him-
self. The guns are exposed, to bo sure, upon the
upper deck, but every man is concealed beneath
that deck, and, as I understand it, no man is dis-
covered while the vessel is in action.
In addition to this, there is a facility in loading
which I think has never heretofore been reached.
But,sir,the argument which is made use of against
this experiment will apply to any other experi-
ment. There is no progress in either military or
civil life, there is no progress accomplished in hu-
man affairs without experiment. Nothing can bo
ascertained to a certainty until it shall be tried and
proven. Your Monitor was as much an experi-
ment, and perhaps a more reckless experiment,
than this Stevens battery. But, sir, is there any
good icason to believe that these guns are so much
exposed to disaster in action as some gentlemen
imagine ? Is it true f - Is lifot a single gun as capa-
ble of protection a3 a multitude of gunsundei* &
general protection? In other Mortis, may rfot each
individual gun have its coirer as; MT611 as a multi-
tude of guns may have a single cover ? . WiJI: ft
be pretended by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr'.
Pike,] or the gentleman from Illinois, [Mrs&bte-
joy,] that there is to be no success rio^r iti Bajra-l
warfare,unless you haverevolving batteries ? lias
the Ericsson battery been sufficiently tried to sat-
isfy us that it is to be a marvelous success ? Supu
pose in that tower of twenty feet diameter an ex-
plosion of a heavy gun should take place—a thing
by no means unusual either in land or naval War-
fare—what is to be the effect of that explosidft
upon that tower,its remaining gun and occupants?
If you have each gun, with its tower or cover, and
an explosion takes place, no disastrous effect ean
be produced upon the other guns.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to ask thef gentleman
whether he thinks that for this warfare an unpro-
tected gun is better than one that is piotectea?
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, sir, I have not spoken
of unprotected guns, and therefore the question
has no application to what I have been saying.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understand his argument
to be that a covered gun may explode and hurt
the gunner.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have said no such thiftg.
The gentleman may make the suggestion, and
then answer it himself, if he thinks proper. I
have stated that it is apart of this plan that each
individual gun shall have its individual protection.
Mr. PIKE. Arc there or are there not to-be
these revolving towers upon Stevens's battery?
Mr. HICKMAN. I say there are not; and I
say that any man who looks at the model will see
at once that it is incapable of a single revolving
tower. It has never been suggested, either by
Mr. Stevens, so far as 1 know, or by any other
person, that these guns shall be unprotected.
They are intended to have armor as the vessel has
armor; and if six or eight inches of iron will pro-
tect the sides of a woo.lcn vessel, why may not
six or eight inches of the same quality of iron
protect a heavy cast gun. I rppeat, in order to
get it into the brain of the gentleman from Illinois
—for he seems to be disposed to be a little more
dull this morning than usual—that each gun is to
have its individual armor, and is not to be placed
in a revolving tower; and there is no more reck-
lessness in such an experiment as that than there
is in the tower itself.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Stratton] claims that there are to
be two of these towers, if I understand him right.
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, myself, does not, and the gentle-
man from New Jersey may rely upon his own
facts and logic, and answer any objections which
may be brought against either or both. I will
attend to my own remarks.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is all the gentleman is
capable of, I have no doubt.
Mr. HICKMAN. It would be well if each of
us would be satisfied by attending to his own busi-
ness. I say this: that while the plan is to give to
each gun its separate protection, it will be seen
that the guns are capable of being embraced within
two revolving towers; but it is no part of the
present plant so to protect them. It, however,
after this experiment of armoring each gun shall
have been tried it shall be found a failure, the guns
are so placed upon the vessel and so arranged that
towers can be placed upon the guns with but slight
expense, and Mr. Stevens'has the means to make
that improvement upon the vessel; and I have no
doubt he will willingly do so, in case it shall be
needed. This vessel cannot fail through a slight
mistake. Sir, we can have no startling successes
in naval architecture without bold and costly ex-
periments. I am in favor of experiments sug-
gested by large scientific acquirements and self-
sacrificing, patriotic devotion. I will vote in such
a way as to give the Government the advantage
of the $500,000 we have already expended upon
the battery, and I shall do so with a perfect con-
fidence that I do right.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to say but a word more.
I was about to mention one other feature of this
vessel, which is thought to be,and I presume will
be, conceded to be a most important one. The
arrangement of its guns, and the sighting and
firing of them, are such that the concentrated fire
