1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
of all, the guns can be brought to bear with precise
accuracy upon a given point at any one time.
•Mr. PIKE. I would inquire whether this ap-
propriation has either the recommendation or the
sanction of tiie Navy Department?
Mr. OLIJ>J. I do not know whether it has or
has not.
Mr. PIKE. I understand it has not.
Mr. OLIN. The question is now whether it
shall have the sanction of the House, and that is
a little more important than the approbation of
the Navy Department just now. It is thought,
and 1 presume properly, that no vessel hitherto
constructed is of sufficient strength to resist the
concentrated fire of these guns. If it has been
done, or if it can be done, it will only prove that
the science of gunnery cannot possibly keep pace
with the science of naval architecture. Certainly
nothing has been hitherto constructed that would
resist the weight of tiie metal which this ship
would throw from these guns concentrated upon
one point.
And now, as was required of me by the gentle-
man from New Jersey, I renew the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from New York to withdraw that motion for one
moment.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman must make his ap-
peal to my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Strat-
ton.J
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I ask the gentle-
man from New Jersey to withdraw the motion a
few moments.
Mr. STRATTON. I would do so very gladly,
but the House are anxious to have this matter dis-
posed of.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Ail the talking has been
upon one side of the question. 1 hope the House
will vote down the motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 40; as follows:
YISAS—Mresrs. AUlneh. Allen, Alley, Bubbitt, .loseph
BaMv, liranutii. BUldie, Bumham, i tan'/i- P. lll.ui. rtam-
iU'1 S. lUnir, Wake, George II. Hrowno, Ihiflinion, ('amp-
bell, lljwy, CWuk, Colfax, RcicoeConkrnur, Coming, Cox,
Crittenden, Daw-, Dawes, Delano, Delapl.une, Diven,
Dunlap, Dunn, Kliot. i'V^-nricu, Fi-her. Fmnehot, (.'rau-
gor, Gnrji \, iiall, ilani-on, Hickman. Hooper, liorton,
Julian, KHIry. Kerrigan, Killnigei, Landing, Le.uy, Leh-
man, Loonn-, Melvnight, M<TliriM.>n, Mooiliead, Ni\oti,
Noell, IVuifi-n. < >!nt, i'eity, Trmotliv G- Pliclp-i, Pouhmov,
Potter, I'oftei, Alexander II. itioe, .lolin N. Ivic\ SuiL'en:,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sln-llabatgei, Sloan. Smith, Spaiildnic,
John i) Steele, William G. ftrci le, t^ualioii, iJeniatiiiti F.
Tliouu-, Francis Tlionu.s Tmhi, Tiowhridge, Vall.indig-
lium, Van Horn, Van Valkenbnigh, Venee, Wad.-woiih.
Wallace, VVaid, Webster, Wheeler, and Wright—£%).
KAYS—Arnold, Ashley, iWker, Baxter, William
G. Brown, Calvert. Chambetlin, Fredenck A, ('oakling.
Dueil, Kdg^rton, Edwauls, Engli-h, Guder, TIai«hi, Halej
Ilaiding, ilutelnns, FianciS W. Kellogg. Kunpp, lj.tw,
Lovejo\, Malloiy. Mei.zu;^, Mitchell, Anson p. iNJomll,
Justin S. Morrill, Noble, Noiion. I'ike, RicliuuNon, Riddle,
Edwaid II. Rollins, Jaine* S Roilm-.,'sievcn*-, E. I*. Wal-
ton, Albeit S. WlutOj YVieklill'e, Wilson, Window, and
Worcestei—40.
So the motion to rcconsidcr was laid upon the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. LAW stated that his colleague, Mr. Cra-
vens, had been called home by sickness in his
family
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Lovejoy] to postpone the special order—the Pa-
cific railroad hill.
Mr. STEVENS. I have a concurrent resolu-
tion which I desire to report back from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LOVE JOY. I would like to ask the gentle-
man abuut how long the resolution will occupy?
Mr. STEVENS, if nobody fee]? disposed to
talk about it, it will oeeupv about one minute.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the regular oider.
Mr. STEVENS, it is a mere question of final
adjournment. Nothing else.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I yield for that purpose.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. STEVENS thereupon, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported back a concur-
rent resolution directing that the present session of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress shall be adjourned,
without day, on the third Monday in May next,
at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking oat the words " third Monday
in May," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
u first Monday in June."
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words." first Mon-
day in June," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " first Monday in May."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question was taken on Mr. McKnight V
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the concurrent reso-
lution; and it was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the concurrent resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to state to the House
that my object in moving yesterday to postpone
the special order was, that the House might have
time to consider the bill. On consulting with the
select committee, I find that they are desirous to
have the best possible bill passed by the House,
and that they are willing to agree to a postpone-
ment for a week, if I modify my motion. 1 there-
fore modify my motion accordingly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of oider. 1 desire to know how this subject
comes before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union reported yesterday,
through its chairman, that it had the special order
under consideration, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Lovejoy] then moved that its further considera-
tion be postponed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is that report be-
fore the House now?
The SPEAKER. The leport was before the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it before the
House now ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Illinois comes up as unfinished business, it
having been made before the adjournment yester-
day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is another
question. Of course, I have nothing to say about
that; but I understood the Chair to say yesterday
that the point of order which I then raised was
the same as that which had been raised by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought it was;
it sees by the Globe to-day that it was not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the Chair ad-
heres to its decision, I have nothing further to say.
The SPEAKER. The point was raised that a
motion to postpone a bill which had been made a
special oider in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, could not be made m the
House, The Chair overruled that point. The
practice of the House has been, that before the
special order has been reached in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, a motion to
postpone it could be made at any time, but re-
quired a two-third vote. After ihe special order
is taken up and considered, motions for postpone-
ment have been repeatedly made, and decided by
majority votes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I find on all sides of the
iiouse a disposition to give to the Pacific railroad
hill that consideration to which it is entitled; but
gentlemen have been so much occupied with the
tax bill and other matters that they have not had
time to examine this measure. Besides, the sub-
stitute has only just been printed. I yield to the
d (sposition on the part of the House for a few days
further time to examine the bill. I therefore make
no opposition to the postponement of the special
order to this day week. That will give gentlemen
every opportunity to examine and amend it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the motion
so as to postpone the fui ther consideration of the
bill till one week from next Monday.
Mr. SARGENT. I cali for the yeas and nays
The yeas end nays were not ordered.
Mr. OAMPl'ELL called for tellers.
Tellers wore ordered ; and Messrs. Spatjlding,
and Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 42, noes 56.
So the amendment, was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Lovejoy's mo-
tion to postpone until this day week; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was postponed; and ateo moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the House will order
to be printed some amendments which I desire to
offer to this bill.
It was so ordered.
COURTS OF UTAH.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to transfer actions, judg-
ments, and proceedings in certain courts of Utah
to the courts of the Territory of Nevada; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
TREASURY CONTINGENT FUND.
Mr. STEVENS. I reported, a few days ago,
a bill making appropriations for clerk hire, and it
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. It is hardly worth while
to go into committee to consider it. I ask, there-
fore, that the Committee of the Whole on the state
uf the Union be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it he acted upon in the House.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 388) making appropriations to reimburse the
contingent fund of the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, including compensation of additional
clerks who may be employed according to the ex-
igencies of the public service, and for temporary
clciks for the current fiscal year and for the year
ending June 30, 1863; and the House proceeded
to consider it.
The bill received its several readings und was
passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD FACILITIES.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
a bill to facilitate the transportation of troops,
stores, and mails of the United States, between
the cities of Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia,
and New York; which was read a first and second
time, recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hutch-
ins m the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill to regulate the franking privi-
lege; on which the House had ordered debate to
be closed in five minutes after it was taken up.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay that bill aside
and to take up the next bill. I desire to let some
gentlemen who wish to make speeches on some
important questions have the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. With the under-
standing that this bill will be fust in order when
the House again goes into committee, I have no
objection to its being laid aside for to-day. All I
desire is, that it shall not lose its place on the
Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the House having closed the debate upon this
bill, the committee cannot lay it aside, even by
unanimous consent, except to report it to the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move, then, to
lay the bill aside to be reported to the House.
Mr COLFAX. As five minutes general de-
bate is permitted upon the bill, I will say a few
words in reference to it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the bill is to he
debated at all, I desire, in a very few minutes, to
explain it.
