25n
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
committee united in all the conclusions of the re-
port, and the dissenting member united in the first
two conclusions. And this report of the commit-
tee is, if possible, entitled to additional consider-
ation when it is shown that the Senator from
Oregon himself appeared before the committee.
On these accounts 1 accept that report, and do not
wish to go into it or go behind it. It is with me
the solemn verdict of a jury duly impanneled for
the trial of a cause.
But if the committee is the jury, the Senate is
the court; and it now remains thatjudgment should
be entered.
But it is said that we must not take time for this
question. Pray, sir, what time is needed? The
time has already been taken. The hearing has
been had; the verdict has been rendered.
Pray, why not take time? We are now engaged
in war to put down disloyalty. For this we set
armies in the field, and contend in battle with our
own fellow-citizens. For this we incur untold
debts. For this we are now preparing to incur
untold taxation. Sir, all tit is is simply to put down
disloyalty. And yet, when a committee of this
body, after careful inquiry, has solemnly declared
a Senator to be disloyal to the Government of the
United States, we are told that there is no time to
consider the question. Sjr, I am against disloyalty
wherever it shows itself, whether in disloyal States,
sheltered and strengthened by numbers, or sitting
here, with all the privileges of this Chamber.
Others may do as they please; but I cannot remain
silent while disloyalty, already exposed by our
committee, is allowed a seat in our councils, open
and secret, in not acting, you will either discredit
the rcportof the committee, or you will show that
the Senate is indifferent to the disloyalty of its
members. Sir, I will have no part in any such thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
upon which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary called the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire, before voting,
to learn whether, if this resolution be taken up, it
will, at one o'clock, take precedence of the special
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the judgment
of the Chair it will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I vote in the neg-
ative.
Mr. GRIMES. Under that ruling of the Chair,
I change my vote to the negative.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. For the
same reason, I ask to have my vote changed.
Mr. SUMNER. I had no purpose to press it
after one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But if it were taken
up, it would be before the Senate, and it would
require a vote to postpone it, being a question of
privilege.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if it cannot be called up at one o'clock as a ques-
tion of privilege,ami whether it would not require
a vote ot the Senate to get it out of the way at any
rate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is up.
Th'e VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
always rule that, whenever a Senator can obtain
the floor and make a motion to take up a question
like this, the Chair must always put it, it being a
question of privilege over spccial orders or any-
thing else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we may as well take
it up.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to know whether,
being a question of privilege, it cannot be called
up at any time ? Whenever any member who has
the floor chooses to do so, he can move to lay aside
whatever business is up, and take up something
else. It that is the only privilege of the question,
I do not see that there is any privilege about it. As
I understand it, it is the privilege of any Senator
to call it up without a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not ac-
cording to the piactice of the Senate, and never
has been.
M1' ^J^LAMER. It ought to be its practice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
excuse the Chair for sayingitisprivileged in this:
it supersedes all other questions, but requires a
motion lo take it up. n
_ Mr, COLLAMER. Permit me to suggest that
is what can be done with anything else on motion.
A Senator can move to lay aside tehe subject un-
der consideration and take up anything else. If
that is all the privilege the question has, it has no
privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not quite that.
The Senator from Vermont might rise in his place
for the purpose of submitting a motion; the Sen-
ator sitting on his right might rise for the purpose
of moving to take up this question. I might rec-
ognize the Senator from Vermont, but still if the
other Senator stated thatit was his object tomake
this motion, notwithstanding the other motion
might be made by the Senator from Vermont, the
Chair would receive this as a motion to be put
over all other motions, it being a question of privi-
lege; and that has been the uniform practice of the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I submit that if I rise and
make a motion which is proper to be entertained
at that time, the motion must be decided before
any other Senator is entitled to the floor to make
any other motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not where the
other motion is to take up a question of privilege;
that is its privilege.
Mr. COLLAMER. And is that all the privi-
lege it, has?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; there are sev-
eral other respects in which it is privileged. The
Secretary will announce the result upon the vote
which has been taken.
The result was announced—yeas 13, nays 29;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandlei, Clark, Foot, Ilnrlnn, IJowaid,
Howe, Kin?, Monill, Sumner, Tmmimll, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilmot—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Carlilp,
Collamer, Cowan, Davit,, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessendcn, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale, tfanis, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, La-
tham, McDougall, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
bmy, Sherman, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Willey, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright—29.
So the motion of Mr. Sumner did not prevail.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope we shall have a
vote on the pending question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon that ques-
tion the Senator from Illinois is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On what question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On ordering the
amendments to the Arizona bill to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone the
consideration of this bill until to-morrow. I de-
siie to obtain some information in regard to it,
and ascertain what population there is within the
limits of the proposed Territory and what the
class of the population is. I have not been able
to get any information from the Senators who
have spoken on this subject as yet, but my im-
pression is that there are not two hundred persons
within the limits of what is called Arizona Terri-
tory who were ever citizens of the United States
before we acquired that country, that it is inhab-
ited almost exclusively by Indians, half-breeds,
and a few Mexicans. If they have been driven
out of the Territory, as the Senator from Califor-
nia says, I should like to know who has driven
them out except themselves. The Government
of the United States has not driven them out.
Has the Mexican Government driven them out?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Indians.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But you have to count
those Indians to make up your population.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not at all.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ishould like toknow these ]
facts. That is one object I have in desiring it to j
be postponed. I will address a communication to i
theCensus Bureau,and endeavor to ascertain how 1
many people there are within the limits of this I
contemplated Territory, and what the class of the !
population is. |
Mr. McDOUGALL. The gentleman will ob- S
serve that there is no such information in theCen- j
sus Bureau as he seeks; and I can give him, here i
and now, much morfe accurate information than ;
he can get from the Census Bureau answering his
questions. I am familiar with the Territoiy; I i
understand its population; and I will answer him -
now. i know much more about it than he can '
find out at tho Census Bureau. ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. L°t us have the answer. '
Mr, McDOUGALL. What do you want to !
know, particularly? . <
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to know how many .
people there are of all classes within the contem-
plated Territory; and then I want to know how
many of them are Indians and how many Mexi-
cans and how many persons who have gone there
from other portions of the United States.
Mr, McDOUGALL. I will say that at least
four thousand people have gone from California
of our own population into Arizona. There have
gone into the same country from the East, carry-
ing out enterprises inaugurated in three or four
States, in Missouri, in Rhode Island, in Massa-
chusetts, and in New York, large companies of
men to work the mines. There have gone there,
for the purpose of making their home in that coun-
try, some five or six thousand of our own people
altogether. That there is that number there now
I would not affirm, for I know that many have
been driven out. From the fact of our troops hav-
ing been withdrawn from Arizona to be employed
in our present difficulties, and from other causes,
the Apache Indians who are in strong force there,
and who have driven the Mexicans from that por-
tion of the country half way down into the State
of Sonora, have taken advantage of our defense-
less condition. Where large works have been
put up and hundreds of thousands of dollars spent
in machinery for a single mine, thpy have killed
many of the workmen and driven off the rest from
the wealthiest portion of the country for want of
protection, and Uie reason is that the authorities
of New Mexico are some six hundred miles
removed from this part of the Tenitory.
THE TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order, which is the bill (H.
R. No. 312) to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and pay interest on the
public debt, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Harris,] to strike out all of section seventeen,
after the word " that,"and toinsertin lieu thereof:
The assessors appointed under this act shall severally re-
ceive five dollars tor each da> they shall be actually em-
ployed in the peifoimance of tiieii duties, and also at the
rate of two dollars for every one bundled names contained
in any tax list delivered loaeolleetor. Assi>tant assessors
shall receive thiee dollars for each day so employed, and
also at the rate of two dollar tor every one hundred names
upon any tax list delivered to an assessor. Assessors and
assistant assessors shall also be allowed all reasonable
chaiges for stationery and blank-books used by them m the
execution of their duties. In cases where a collection dls-
tnctembraces more than asmgle congressional district ,the
Secretary of the Treasiny may allow the assessorsueh com-
pensation as he may d<*em necessary. The Secretary of the
Treosuiy is also authorized to make such allowance as he
may deem neeps&aiy, to assessors and assistant assessors
in the States of California and Oregon, and in the Territo-
ries, as he may deem proper: Piovufed, The rates of com-
pensation thus allowed shall not exceed the ratesyjaid to
similar officers in such States and Territories respc *ively.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senate have already
amended the seventeenth section, for which the
substitute is now proposed, so as to give to assist-
ant assessors three dollars a day for their services.
The proposed section does not alter the compen-
sation of assistant assessors in any way except
to allow them two dollars instead of one dollar
for every hundred names obtained. Jn relation
to that, I am not at all tenacious, though I think
that compensation will be better, because it will
furnish a stronger inducement to be vigilant in
procuring the names of assessable persons.
Then, in relation to the assessor: as the section
now stands he is to be paid three dollars a day for
a certain portion of his services, and five dollars
a day for certain other services. That is a little
inconvenient; it will cause complication in making
out the accounts. It will be perceived that the
amendment I propose does not very greatly in-
crease his compensation, but I infer from the vote
of the Senate last night that it is objectionable,
and rather than have it stand as it does now in
the bill, three dollars a day for a part of the time
and five dollars a day for another part of the time,
I would rather insert four dollars a day for the
whole, and make the thing simple and plain. It
seems to me there is no use m complicating it. I
think the whole bill is quite too much complicated,
and the keeping of these accounts with the assessor
will be very inconvenient when he is compensated
at the rate of three dollars a day for a portion of
his services and five dollars a day for the rest. I
will, therefore, with the consent of the Senate,
