92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
S^th Conk....2d Sess.
Slavery in the District—Mr. Blake,
Ho. of Eeps.
York f where the Government then sat] might grow strong
by delay, prevailed to have the subject entered on at once.
Thereupon the more northern members came to an under-
standing with the Penneylvanians, and resolutions were
agreed to for fixing the permanent seat of Government on
the Susquehanna—New York to remain the temporary cap-
ital until the necessary buildings could be erccted. The
Susquehanna had been preferred to the Delaware in hopes
to conciliate the South ; but southern member.--, especially
the Virginians, wore very much dissatisfied. The Potomac,
they insisted, was far to be pieferred to the Susquehanna,
whether as lespected communication with the ocean or
with the region west of the Alleghanies. Even the moder-
ate Madison declared that^ had this day's proceedings been
foreseen, Virginia would never have ratiped the Constitu-
tion. In spite, however, of all opposition, a bill pas-sod the
Hout-e authouzinsihtt PicMdent to appoint commisMOneis
with authority to fix the particular site on the Susquehanna;
also to pmchnsethe necessary lands, audio orectthe build-
ings—a loan being authorized for these purposes to the
amount of $100,000.
"The bill came hack from the Senate just before the close
of the session, so altered ab to .substitute for th^ site on the*
Susquehanna a district ten miles squiiie, adjoining Phila-
delphia, and including Germantowu. Tina change made
the bill more agreeable to some eastern ineinbeis, and not
less ho to those of Pennsylvania ; but if tended to add to
the dissatisfaction of the South. The llou«e, however,
agreed to it, with an additional provision that the laws ot
Peiiu\vIvaniasbould continue in force in the coded district
til! Congress should otherwise provide. This amendment
made if necessary for the bill to go back to the Senate,
where, for some reason that does notdistinctly appear, but
probably the increasing dissatisfaction of southern mem-
ber*, the whole subject was postponed till thQ next ses-
sion."
This extract makes it evident that there was a
strong sectional struggle lbr the seat of Govern-
ment, and that the Noitli was almost triumphant
in this first political struggle with the Sooth; but,
ns has generally been her fate in such contests,
she failed, and there wns for the time a drawn
battle. I proceed to show that at the next ses-
sion tin; tallies were turned, and the South began
her long career of success by the location of the
seat of Governmonton slave soil.
Mr. Jefferson 1ms given us the history of the
log-rolling arrangement by which the South con-
ceded the assumption of die State debts, a ques-
tion in which the northern capitalism were pecu-
liarly interested, as the condition on winch the
seat of Government of the nation was permanently
located on the banks of the Potomac. Mr. Jef-
ferson denounces the assumption in round terms,
an a corrupt, .stock-jobbing business, and yet it
seems, from his own account, that it was con-
summated in his own house. He returned from
his French mission in December, 1789,and went
to New York in March, J790; and he complains
that he was u most ignorantly and innocently
made to hold the candle" to thomtrigne by Gen-
eral Hamilton. Hamilton was deeply exercised
about, tin- fate of (lie new Government, which was
shout to perish amid the rivalries of sections, the
main subjects of controversy being the State debts
and the permanent location of the capital. The
assumption had just failed by a vote or two.
"Hamilton wus in despair. As I was going to
ihe President's one day,"says Jefferson, " I met
him in the street. He walked me backwards and
forwards befoic the President's door for half an
hour. He painted pathetically the temper into
which the Legislature had been wrought, the dis-
gust of those who were called the creditor States,
the dangei of the secession of their members," &c.
He madeasUong appeal to Mr. Jefferson, and
the latter concluded the conversation by inviting
Mr. Hamilton to Ins hou&e for lurthei consulta-
tion. He continues:
" I proposed to him, however, to dine with me the next
day, and I would invite another (fiend oi two, bunu thrin
nit'j conference, together, and i thought it nupo-Mldc that
icurtmublc men. eon-ulnng 10S<<1I1<M coolly, could ('ail. by
mutual •vueriljee^ of opinion, to mini a compioimse
which was to .save the Union."1
The lesnlt shows that. Mr. Jefferson, for a
novice, made a ivmaikably judicious selection of
friends to dine in company with Mr. Hamilton.
He proceeds:
'•The discussion took place. I could take no pait ni it
but an c.vlioi tatory one, because I was. a  tiamrei to m<.
eirunn-mJier- which fhotdd govern it. P.nt it was finally
a«re. d. that w iiaiever impoi tunee ihi< been attached to the
rejection o! tlis proportion, (the ^siimpuon of State debts,)
the piet.erv.moji ot the Union and ol concord anions the
State- w;h tuoie unpoitant, and that theieioio it would he
better that the vote of rejection >hould be ic cimied, to
ellect which >ome niembeis >hould change their votes.
Butit was observed that ths pill would bo- poeuhaily bittei
to the southern skates, and thatsyme concomitant measure
should be adopted to sweeten it a little to then. There had
before been propositions to fix the seat of Government either
at Philadelphia or at Georgetown, on the Potomac; and it
was thought that by giving it to Philadel phia tor ten years,
and to Georgetown permanently afterwards, this might, as
an anodyne, calm, in some degree, the fei merit which might
be excited by the other measure alone. So two of the Po-
tomac members (While and Lee, but White with a revul-
sion of stomach almost convulsive) agreed to change their
votes, and Hamilton undertook to carry the other point. In
doing thU,the influence lie had established over the east-
ern members, with the agency of Robert Morris with those
of the middle States, effected his side of the engagement;
and so the assumption was passed, and twenty millions ot
stock divided among favored States, and thrown in as a
pabulum to the stock-jobbing herd."
Mr. Jefferson assures us that only a few mem-
bers of either section were parties to " this cor-
ruption," as he styles it. He explains that the
Federalistsand anti-Federalists being nearly equal
in numbers, a few changes were sufficient to turn
the scale. It seems that his two friends, White
and Lee, the former " with a revulsion of stom-
ach almost convulsive," served the purpose of
Hamilton by ceasing to oppose assumption. Prob-
ably an equal number of northern votes answered
the purpose of Mr. Jefferson m bringing the cap-
ital to the borders of Virginia. So far from the
South losing anything by this " corrupt bargain,"
it, in fact, bought out the northern birthright for
a very chcap mess of pottage.
Those who insist that slavery should be main-
tained in this District under a Constitution which
was expressly designed to secure the blessings of
liberty to the countiy,and the founders of which
studiously avoided the use of language which
could he construed into a recognition of the right
of property in man, must find some better ground
to stand upon than the alleged obligation of good
faith and comity to the States of Virginia and Ma-
ryland, No such obligation was ever entered into,
directly or by implication. On the contrary, the
Constitution had announced in advance that what-
ever distiict of ten miles square should be ceded
by any State to the General Government would
become subject to the " exclusive legislation of
Congress in all cases whatsoever." I have shown
that the presence of the seat of Government was
notjorced upon Virginia and Maryland; but, on
the contrary, that they earnestly sought it as a
great advantage; that they, through tfieir Repre-
sentatives in Congress and public men, intrigued
for it, and at length secured the prize by corruptly
barteiingaway theiraversion to the favorite north-
ern measure of the day—the assumption of State
debts—mid made a splendid bargain at that.
Hut the opponents of emancipation would now
have us believe that, in spite of these conspicuous
facts of history, we shall bo guilty of a great out-
rage upon Virginia and Maryland by the passage
of the bill. It is not enough that these petted
States were gratified in the first instance by hav-
ing the seat of Government located to suit them,
and by which u large portion of their territory has
received an augmentation of value amounting to
millions. This great benefit they received at the
hands of our ancestors. But now wo are called
upon by their generous northern allies on this
floor to surrender the very condition on which the
cession of the ten miles square was made. We
are called on to surrender the Constitution itself,
and to abdicate our right of exclusive legislation.
But this is not all. If Virginia had remained
loyal to the Constitution, and if the loyalty of
I "Maryland were above suspicion, there still would
! remain some show of reason for the forbearance
| we are called upon to exercise toward slavery in
| this District. The case, however, is quite other-
I wise. All that portion of Virginia contiguous to.
1 the capital has been in open revolt against the
| Government, and is now held in obedience by the
| strong hand of military power. To aiguethatany
j forbearance or comity is due to the pro-slavery
j sensibilities of such a population, is to manifest
; open sympathy with rebels; and i will ventuie to
j assert that no man can stand up here and main-
, tain the proposition without forfeiting his repu-
■ tdtioii for loyalty. As to the adjacent parts of
| Maryland, ihe case is not a, great deal better. The
: slaveholders are, with few exceptions, disloyal.
| No man believes that Maryland is held to its alio*
i giance by its slaveholders; and no man doubts that
its slaveholders would carry the State out of the
Union, by force or fraud, in spite of its loyal pop-
ulation, but for the restraining influence of Fed-
eral bayonets. That county of Maryland which
lies immediately around this city, and of which
the soil on which the city stands was originally a
part—I mean Prince George's—contains a large
body of wealthy slaveholders, most of whom are
either openly disloyal, or covertly in sympathy
with the rebellion. Charles and St. Mary's,and
the other southern counties which contain three
fourths of the slaves in the State, are still more
openly hostile to the Government, and anxious
for its disruption. These facts are notorious:
while Baltimore, which has few slaves, and which
gives a nominal Union vote at elections, is known
to be at heart for secession. Its wealthy classes
are for the most part disloyal. Its women insult
our troops, and no friend of the Union would for
a moment risk the consequences of withdrawing
the troops/or one week.
What, then, I ask, is due, on* the score of com-
ity, to such loyalty? If ever such considerations
had weight, they have ceased to operate; and the
time has arrived for the long-delayed act of jus-
tice. This Governmenthas no right to hold men
in bondage anywhere. Wherever its authority
is exclusive, slavery ceases to exist. The Con-
stitution was framed in order to " establish jus-
tice and secure the blessings of liberty" to the
people. By a studious circumlocution the words
slaves and slavery were excluded from the Con-
stitution, in order that by no implication should
the idea of property in man seem to be recognized.
For the truth of this statenfent we have the De-
bates in the Federal Convention, and the positive
assurance of Mr. Madison, who, more than any
other man, is entitled to the honor of framing that
instrument. I am aware that the Supreme Court
has never yet taken this high ground; but the day
is near at hand when no man will dare claim shel-
ter for slavery under the authority of the Consti-
tution.
A good deal has been said about consulting the
wishes and interests of the people of the District.
It is alleged that the people mostinterested in this
measure have not been advised with, and that if
the question were put to the vote, the popular voice
would be heard in loud remonstrance againstit.
But it seems to be forgotten that there are two
classes peculiarly interested in the bill before the
House. The peculiar friends of the slaveholders
forget that the slaves are, to say the least, as much
interested in it as their masters; and I think there
are few who will be so uncandid as to deny that
their interest is infinitely greater. The question
of emancipation has not been submitted to the
popular vote. Both slaveholders and slaves have
been denied the privilege of voting upon it; yet
the interests of the one, and the rights of the other,
have been amply taken care of. Of the two, I
would infinitely prefer giving the vote upon the
question to the slave, instead of his avaricious
master. Who, with the fear of God before him,
will dare utter the blasphemy that one class of
men have the right to cast a vote in favor of en-
slaving another class, while the victims of their
inhumanity are compelled to stand mute? No
fact could better illustrate the imbruting effects of
slavery upon the minds of men than that this di-
abolism should find advocates.
Slavery, in my judgment, has never bad the
shadow of a legal existence in this District since it
came under the jurisdiction of Congress. The Con-
stitution emancipated every slave at the moment
of cession, and compensation should then have
been made. But inasmuch as our fathers neglected
to consummate their work, we may still give com-
pensation without incurring the charge of paying
away the public money to those who have no legal
claim to the slaves. In doing so we fully meet the
charge that we have disregarded the interests of
the slaveholders. We deny them, in common with
the slaves and non-slaveholders, a vote upon the
question, on the broad ground that it is one in
| which the whole country is interested. This is
the seat of the national Government. The nation
j is deeply interested in its character and in the na-
ture of its institutions. The framers of the Con-
stitution, acting on this consideration, provided in
advance that Congress should have the exclusive
right of legislation over it. We but exercise this
authority when we abolish slavery without con-
sulting the tastes or wishes of the people of the
District. It is sufficient that we consult the wishes
of our constituents, and that the measure is ap-
