1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
37th Cc®a....2i> Sess.
Slavery in the District—Mr, Van Hot
Ho. of Refs,
proved by the great body of the loyal citizens of
the country. We are determined to make the in-
stitutions of the District of Columbia harmonize
with those of our constituents and with the letter
and spirit of the Constitution. Those who ask
us not to lake this step, lest we should offend the
slaveholders of Washington and irritate still fur-
ther the traitors who arc in arms against the Gov-
ernment, are simply asking that we abdicate and
surrender our constitutional right of legislation in
the premises.
The opponents of this bill, in the excess of
their zeal, seem entirely to overlook the fact that
not one citizen of Washington in a hundred owns
a slave, and that the interests of this large class,
except the despicable few who make a trade of
catching fugitive negroes, all demand the aboli-
tion of slavery. TDo yoii ask for proof on this
point? If you do, I will call your attention to a
few facts which will vender the proposition too
plain to be questioned.
The city of Washington is situated at the head
of navigation on a noble river. It is accessible
from the sea to the largest merchantmen, and even
to sea-going steamers. For natural beauty of
scenery, and for healthfulness of climate, it is un-
surpassed. It is surrounded by a highly pic-
turesque and fertile country, and can command
the waters of the Potomac for manufacturing pur-
poses to an extent equal to the demand of a dozen
Lowells. The national Treasury has rained upon
it a shower of gold for two thirds of a century.
Its streets are paved by act of Congress, and the
same power has placed a palace upon every hill,
surpassing in magnitude and in delicacy of finish
the far-famed temples of ancient Greece, and
eclipsing1 any similar structures of modern Eu-
rope.* Yet, after all these advantages of nature
and circumstances, what is Washington? The
New York press speak of it as a straggling vil-
lage, others have styled it the city of magnificent
distances. These distances between the really
magnificent public edifices are now, however, be-
ing rapidly filled by inferior private houses, and
the national capital, stripped of its more than
regal palaces, would be regarded as a third-rate
western town of twenty years old.
If we look for the causcs of this stunted growth,
this squalid contrast of public palaces and private
hovels, we find them in the fact that Washington
is surrounded by a large slaveholding population.
Baltimore has been seriously retarded in growth
by the presence of slavery; but its burden has
been light compared with that of Washington.
The counties surrounding the former never con-
tained more than one slave to three or four white
persons, and the vicinity of the free State of Penn-
sylvania has constantly tended to increase the
disproportion between the two classes. Wash-
ington,on the contrary, was cutoff fromacounty
which contained more slaves than white persons,
and is surrounded on the south and west by a
large slaveholding population. But a succinct
statement of the figures will present the subject in
a more satisfactory point of view
The District of Columbia, in its original pro-
portions, occupied both banks of the Potomac.
That south of the river was cut off from Fairfax
county, Virginia, a large slaveholding county,
which was itself backed by other counties still
more abounding in slaves. The portion of the
District north of the river was taken from the
counties of Prince George's and Montgomery, in
Maryland. The population of these was, in 1790,
as follows:
Whites. Slaves.
Montgomery  8,509 6,388
Prince George's   10,004 11,176
Total     18.513 17,564
The two counties, therefore, contained 18,513
whites, and 17,564 slaves. These facts will be
sufficient to explain the slow progress of Wash-
ington to every candid and intelligent mind; but
sophistryand falsehood themselves mustsuccumb
when reference is made to the parallel career of
the surrounding country in comparison with that
in the northern counties, where the slaves are not
numerous. I have already stated the population
in 1790 of the two counties of Maryland, from
which the present District of Columbia was cut
off; but for the sake of the contrast with later
census returns, I will repeat them:
Whites Slaves Whites Slaves Whites Slaves
1790. 1790. 1850. 1850. 1860. 1860.
Montgomery  8,509 6,388 9,435 5,114 12,901 5,421
Prince George's, 1^,004 11,170 8,901 11,510 10,848 12,479
Totals  18,513 17,564 18,336 16,624 23,749 17,890
It is not wonderful that the shower of gold has
had so little effect in building up a city which is
surrounded by a country whose population was
less in 1850 than in 1790. Who can be surprised
at the result^ The two counties contained 18,513
white inhabitants in 1790, and but 18,336 in 1850!
They had also suffered a slight diminution in the
number of slaves; the number at the first period
being 17,564, and at the latter, 16,624. This loss,
however, was a real gain, and furnished a ray of
hope that the evil had reached its climax. In I860,
however, the slaves again show a tendency to in-
crease, especially in Prince George 's, while in both
counties the white population made unwonted
progress. If slavery had been abolished ten years
ago in this District, the population of the city and
of the surrounding counties would now be ten per
cent, greater than it is shown to be by the census
of 1860.
I dismiss as contemptible any attempt to deny,
in the face of these facts, that the existence of sla-
very fully explains the slow progress of Wash-
ington in wealth and population during the last
seventy years. If further illustration were needed,
however, it is furnished in the parallel growth of
the comparatively free counties of northern Mary-
land. Take for instance the following counties
in western Maryland:
Whites Slaves Whites Slaves Whites SI a res
1790. 1790. 1850. 1850. I860. I860.
Washington, 14,4", 0 1,986 26.930 2,090 80,079 1.135
Alleghany... 4,5J9 256 21,633 724 27,680 61.6
Total 19,011 48,r>02 2.M4 58,0(51 2,101
These figures show that where the propoition
of slaves is small the progress m population is
rapid; and it is further appaient that the ratio of
increase is inversely to the number or proportion
of slaves. Thus in the former table, the increase
of population in Montgomery county, where the
number of whites predominated m 1790, was much
greater than in Prince George's, where the slaves
outnumbered the whites. And compaiingthislast
tabic with the preceding, it is apparent that the
advance in the two counties of Alleghany and
Washington, where slavery is merely nominal, has
been many times greater than in Montgomery and
Prince George's; while of the two, Alleghany,
with scarcely one slave to twenty whites, has out-
stripped Washington county, which had nearly
one to ten. Yet stronger illustrations would be
afforded if absolutely free counties were put in com-
parison with these slaveholding districts around
Washington.
It is therefore demonstrated beyond the point
of plausible denial, that the gieat mass of the
people of this city, who own no slaves, are deeply
interested in the success of this measure. If they
own houses or vacant lots, if they carry on trades
or sell merchandise, if they sell books or print
newspapers, if they carry on any branch of busi-
ness except those of negro trading and negro catch-
ing, they cannot fail to be benefited by the aboli-
tion of slavery.
Of the moral effects of the measure upon the
country and upon the world, 1 need not speak.
That it will elevate us in the eyes of all civilized
nations is not doubted; that it will awaken a thrill
of patnoticpride andenthusiasm in the great heart
of the nation no man doubts. Even the opponents
of emancipation on this floor have not ventured
to shock the moral sense of the House by an ab-
solute defense of slavery as a thing desirable in
itself. No man has ventured to assert that the
measure will be injurious to the general interests
of the District. The respected and venerable gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] did
declare that he was no friend of slavery; that, if
the adoption of slavery was now an original prop-
osition before the House, he would vote against
it. I rejoice, sir, at such declarations as these,
coming, as I have no doubt they do, from a truly
loyal, patriotic heart; they are the harbinger of
better days for the Republic. But, sir, I expect
no applause in South Carolina and Mississippi
for the passage of this bill, and none from traitors
anywhere. It is our duty to abolish slavery here,
because Congress, by the Constitution, has the
power to do it; and slavery being a great wrong
and outrage upoivhumanity, we should at once
do right and pass this bill.
SLAVERY IN T1IE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OF HON. BURT VAN HORN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
April 11, 1862,
On the bill for the release of ceitain persons held to service
or laboi in the District of Columbia.
Mr. VAN HORN said:
Mr. Chairman: We are about to pass upon a
measure of the greatest moment, not only as re-
lates to those immediately to be affected by its
execution, but as to its connection with our in-
terests as a people and the progress of events. The
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
where all concede Congress has supreme control
under the Constitution, has been for many long
years the hope of a majority of the people of the
tree States, and is to-day demanded by the great
mass of our fiec people, I believe, as just and
piopcr. The other brunch of this Congress has
with great unanimity passed this measure, and
sent it down to us for our consideration. The dis-
cussions thus far had upon it in both Houses
cleaily evince the incontrovertible fact that sla-
very has existed in this District down to the
present day only by the consent of Congress, and
that for its existence here until to-day, and all the
barbarities practiced under its inhuman traffic,
Congress alone has been and is responsible. That
ithas thus long been allowed to nourish here upon
the very hearthstone of the Republic, is by no
means a reason for it.s continuance, any more than
any other crime should continue because it has
for many long years filled the earth with groans
and tears. On the other hand, the reason is doubly
strong why it should ccasc forever and without
delay. 1 cannot at this late stage of the bill go
into any lengthy discussion of its merits or make
for it any defense
I woulcj rather close this debate, and come di-
rectly to the vote upon it, and content myself
with recording my name in its favor. Indeed, it
needs no defense. Upon its face it bears the marks
of humanity and of justice. Every line and every
syllable is pregnant with ajustand true sentiment,
and already hallowed with the sublime spirit of a
noble purpose. Throughout it there breathes a
spirit akin to that which runs through all the won-
derful teachings of Him who spake as never man
spake, and inspired the hearts of those whose im-
mortal sayings will outlast all the monuments that
time can erect.
The only argument that is urged with earnest-
ness against the passage of this bill is, that it is
now an inauspicious time to pass it, for the reason
that it will agitate the country. Sir, it is never a
bad time to be just. Plow can it injure our people
to pass this Jaw? Who will be less loyal? Wno
will love his country less, and who less willing to
sacrifice and fight for her honor, and less willing
to struggle to release her from the grasp of trea-
son? When this grand work shall be accom-
plished greater reasons will exist for sacrifice and
labor, for there will be more to be saved and pro-
tected. 1 am surprised that any one should op-
pose it. Why not make the nation's capital free?
Why longer sit m these Halls as the Representa-
tives of a sovereign people, with exclusive and
sovereign control over this District, boasting as
we do of our freedom and free institutions, and
allow this great crime against humanity and nat-
ural-born citizens, who are guilty of no crime, to
go unrebuked and unnoticed? This has nothing
to do with slavery as a local institution in the slave
States; it proposes in no way to affect it there, but
is confined exclusively to the territory under the
supervision of the whole people, and within the
control of their Representatives.
Sir, the day has arrived when true men should
stand up to the cause of right, not only upon the
battle-field, nobly defending the honor and integ-
