1862,
THE •CONGRESSIONAL--X&GB&
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor if he claims it.
Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM; I desire to say a
very few words in explanation of this measure.
Tlu^ House has already passed, as members are
of course aware, a bill abolishing absolutely the
franking privilege. The bill now under consid-
eration is for the regulation of the franking priv-
ilege. It was carefully prepared in the Thirty-
Sixth Congress by a special committee appointed
for that purpose, consisting of Mr. Charles Fran-
cis Adams, Judge Kellogg, of Illinois, and my-
self, after a great deal of labor and investigation
had been expended upon the subject.
There is but one new provision in the bill which
requires explanation — the provision which re-
quires the stamping of documents in the folding-
room. Now, if the House is satisfied that the bill
which has been already passed upon this subject
will not receive the favorable consideration and
action of the Senate, it seems to me that the ex-
isting abuses of the franking privilege ought to be
remedied, and that has been the object of the com-
mittee in preparing this bill.
Now, sir, I do not believe the bill which has
passed this House will become a law, and in order
to correct these abuses, which furnish the sole ar-
gument against the privilege, in my judgment, it
is proper that some measure should pass this body
and the Senate which will attain the object. That
is its purpose, and it contains but the single new
provision which I have referred to. Butitfixes,
also, penalties to the violation of existing laws,
where no penalties have heretofore existed. For
example, no member has the privilege to frank
his letters except when written by himself or his
order, yet there is no penalty for the violation of
this provision. It so happened, as I am credibly
infoimed, in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, that a
member of Congress franked some thirty odd
ounces of plated zinc to some place in Pennsyl-
vania, the postage on which would have been con-
siderable in amount. Of course the postage was
collected at the end of the route, but the member
himself, who committed the violation of the law,
escaped.
There are many other abuses practiced similar
to this, and they are the crying evils which have
caused all the outcry in the House against the
franking privilege. Now, all this we propose to
remedy by fixing adequate penalties for the viola-
tion of the law, where they do not now exist. This
is the point to which I wish to direct the attention
of this committee. It seems to me that there can
be no objection to allowing this bill also to go to
the Senate, and permit that body to choose be-
tween the two propositions. If they prefer the
absolute abrogation of the franking privilege this
will do no harm; if not, this will present to them
a proposition to correct the abuses of the system.
The country, I am perfectly satisfied, will be
content with the law very nearly as it now exists,
if it can be properly and fairly executed.
In 1792, this was a subject of elaborate debate.
The result was what has been in existence ever
since, and there has not to my knowledge been a
solitary petition presented from any part of the
country for the abolition ofthefrankingpnvilege.
Now, Mr. Chairman, unless some one desires
to debate this measure further, I will move that
the committee rise, and report the bill to the
House, where it may either be adopted, if the
House desire to pass it, or laid on the table, if
they do not.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The com mi ttee informall y rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate was received by Mr. Forney, their Sec-
retary, notifying the House that the Senate dis-
agree to the amendments adopted by the House
to the bill of the Senate (No. 118) to increase the
efficiency of the medical department of the Army,
ask a committee of conference on the said amend-
ments, and have appointed Mr. Wilson1, Mr.
Lane, and Mr. Nesmith themanagersof the said
conference on the part of the Senate.
The committee resumed'its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the bill of the
House relating to the
PRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. COLFAX. While an amendment is pend-
ing that motion cannot be received. To enable
me to submit a very few remarks, I move to strike
out the first section of the bill.
The House of Representatives early in the ses-
sion passed a bill by a very large majority abol-
ishing the franking privilege. That t>ill has been
sent to the Senate, and referred to their PostOffice
Committee. The committee have reported it back
to the Senate, with an amendment authorizing the
heads of the various Departments of the Govern-
ment to frank official communications to their sub-
ordinates, but excluding members of Congress
from the right to the franking privilege. That re-
port was made a month or two ago; it has not
been acted u pon by the Senate, and I am not aware
whether it is the purpose of that body to take it
up for action or not.
Mr. Chairman, for many years the Senate have
from session to session passed provisions for the
abolition of the franking privilege, always by large
majorities, and once with but two dissenting votes,
given by Mr. Hemphill of Texas, and Mr. Wilk-
inson of Minnesota. And the argument has been
in the country that it was the House of Repre-
sentatives who, from their close proximity to the
people, desired the continuance of the privilege
for the purpose of sending free of postage speeches
and documents to the people at large.
For the first time, the House have the present
session set a different example to the Senate.
They have proposed that members of Congress
shall pay their own postage in their communica-
tions to their constituents, and that their constit-
uents shall pay for the communications sent to
them, thereby providing, as they hoped, for mak-
ing, what has long been desired, the Post Office
Department self-sustaining, and not longera bur-
den upon the National Treasury.
Now, sir, if the franking privilege is not to be
abolished, I want the responsibility not to rest
with this House. If we now pass this bill and
send it to the Senate, it will be taken by them and
by the country as an indication that, upon the
sober second thought, upon reflection, we have
concluded to retain the privilege.
But, 1 do not concur with the gentleman from
Ohio that even if the franking privilege is not to
be abolished, the effect of this bill would be ben-
eficial. The law as it now exists requires the mem-
ber of Congress to frank his own letters and doc-
uments, and the trouble it costs members is to
that extent a protection against the abuse of the
system; but this bill proposes that the folding-
room shall have a stamp under which documents
are to be sent out without the frank of the mem-
ber. The result will necessarily follow that mem-
bers of Congress, being relieved of the trouble of
franking their documents, will largely increase the
number of documents they will send out through
the folding-room. For the same reason, laiger
numbers of extra copies of documents will be
ordered to be printed, so that instead of being a
relief to the Treasury, it will add to its burdens.
I trust, therefore, that the hill will not pass; for
I repeat, if it is to pass, it will be received by the
country as an indication thatupon reflection, upon
the sober second thought, the House has determ-
ined to extend the continuance of this privilege tt>
themselves indefinitely.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Thegentleman, I
presume, is very well aware that, especially dur-
ing a presidential campaign, nearly all the docu-
ments are sent out under the franks of clerks dele-
gated by members of Congress for that purpose.
Hut this bill proposes that these documents shall
be only sent out under the frank of a sworn offi-
cer with a penalty for the violation of law. Now,
sir, while there is no prospect that the franking
privilege is to be abolished, I am willing to see
the abuses that have grown up under it abolished.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman still does not
answer the argument that the effect of the bill
would be to increase very largely the amount of
matter which will be sent off from the folding-
room.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the effect of passing this
bill is to renew the consideration of this subject,
and increase the chances of abolishing the frank-
ing privilege, then I am opposed to it.
J understand that the bill which we sent to the
Senate, and which passed this House by a large
majority, but which if the vote were to be taken
again I doubt whether it would be attended with
the same result—that bill which has gone to the
Senate will in all probability die a natural death
there. If thai be theft&ult, I shall be satisfied.
My opinion is, if we pass the bfll -advocated by
thegentleman from Ohio, it will le&d to legislation
on this subject; and if there is to be-legislation 9*1
this subject I am opposed to it ttfo. . I do-pot
believe jf the vote were submitted to- this branch
of the national Legislature that they would'abdftffh
the franking privilege. Therefore, I am dppfo&4&
to the bill presented here. I anvopposed to it f@r
the reason that it may lead -to a compromise be-
tween the two Houses. I do not hesitate'to pro-
claim my position upon this subject. I ato op-
posed to abolishing the franking privilege, ■
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent,'with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved that the corri-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hutchins reported th£t
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill to regulate the franking privilege; and had
directed him to report back the same to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Thatbill isofcon-
siderable length, and must be read; and as there
is a desire to proceed to other business, I move
that its consideration be postponed until Tuesday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
House agree to the request of the ScnateTor a con-
ference 011 the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses .on Senate bill No. 188, to increase the
efficiency of the medical department of the Aifiy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker,
pointed Messrs. Blair of Missouri, McPherson,
and Steele ofNew York, managers of said con-
ference on the part of the House.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT Of COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended , and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Dawes
in the chair.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all the preceding
bills on the Calendar be laid aside, and that the
committee take up the bill for the abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia.
Mr. WEBSTER. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will call the
Calendar in order.
Mr. STEVENS. And I will move to lay them
aside until I get to the bill I have indicated.
coston's night signals.
A bill (H. R. No. 97) authorizing the purchase,
for the use of the Navy, of Coston's night signals.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that that bill be laid
aside.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What is the effect
of laying these bills aside ? Does it not postpone
them to the end of the Calendar? . -
The CHAIRMAN. They are laid aside to be
taken up in their order when the committee next
takes up the Calendar.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. After the Calendar
has been gone through with?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENT OF MINORS.
A hill (H. R. No. 151) in regard to the enlist-
ment of minors, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
aside.
The motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTES.
A bill (H. R. No. 187) to authorize the issue
of demand Treasury notes.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
aside.
On a division, there were—ayes 57, noes 40.
Mr.MO IllllLL, of Vermont, demanded tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Fessendek
and Webster were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 66, noes 19; no <|uo-
rum voting.
