94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
3Trn Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
rity of car country, but here and everywhere de-
claring the unalterable conclusions of truth and
constitutional duty with a devotion that cannot
be shaken. There may be a few who will record
their names against this proposition—I hope but
very few—but the time will como when they will
desire to blot out the record. Rather than have
my name connected with such a record, I would
prefer to have it forgotten, and not curse my kin-
dred with its recollection. But very few arc priv-
ileged as we now arc with voting upon such a
proposition, one of so much moment, and the
opportunity is seldom offered even to those few.
I hail the privilege as auspicious. The passage
of this bill marks a period in our history from
which to date the greater advance of those sublime
doctrines enunciated by our fathers, upon which
wore based all our revolutionary struggles, and
out of which the tree of liberty lias already grown
to such magnificent proportions. I will have hope
in those principles still. Their destiny is not yet
fully developed upon the American continent, and
the severe struggle in which we are now engaged
is the fiory ordeal through which they are to pass
to be purified or made to shine with an increased
brilliancy and luster. He who directed the blows
of freedom in olden time, and gave them success,
will ride upon the storms of battle that now rage,
and out of all will come a more perfect Union,
because the great and fundamental principles of
good, free, constitutional government, in which
the right3 of mankind will be more fully recog-
nized "and protected, will be the rule of action
which will govern.
Tins measure itself is an evidence of the prog-
ress of those principles. By it hundreds are re-
stored to the enjoyment of then- natural and in-
alienable rights,' whic.h the Constitution says shall
not be taken away but by due process of law,
and in punishment of crime. All control being
vested in Congiess, this work ought to have been
done long ago, in obedience to its constitutional
obligations and a common sense of justice.
As compensation is proposed, no violation of
the rights of property, as claimed in the service
or labor of any slave in this District, can be sus-
tained, upon which any may hang an excuse for
opposing this bill. It is simply whether we will
make theeapilnl of our nation free. Whileall the
nations me throwing off the yoke of oppression,
shall we, the only nation that boasts ot freedom,
and one whieh wnded through a bloody revolution
to secure it, ^hall we foster and build up a des-
potism anil a barbarism here at the very heart of
the nation, or shall we use the means in our hands
and the power given to us, to wipe out the curse
and purify (lie great national heart? Pass this
bill, and the streams that flow out from the fount-
am will be purer, the nation will gather new life
and vigor, and the drooping hopes of humanity
will levive and live.
All that hiui been said against it has been in the
name and in behalf of slavery. It is a sad thought
that gentlemen whose homes are to-day made des-
olatn 'by the wicked treason which this curse lias
brought into the field and controls, whose fami-
lies are scattered throughout the land, and their
fair fields made fields of blood in obedience to its
dictates, should stand up in their places in this
House and apologize for it heie, or struggle to
secure its perpetual existence', llow strange that
justice cannot be done a large elass of " persons"
in this District for fear that it may have a tendency
to weaken the grasp of the slaveholder in the States
where slavery exists by the local laws. Ilere the
slave is held by 110 local authority, but by the
wholepeople.thronghthelawsof Congress, which
place over this Distiict the laws of Maryland and
Virginia. The Constitution knows 110 sucli thing
as a slave, but treats all as persons and equal be-
fore the law, so far ns its protection is concerned,
and especially here where no power can control
but the whole people, ns represented in Congiess.
That Constitution expressly declares that no per-
son shall be " deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law." Hero there
is no limitation by State authority or local law;
these colored persons are natural-born citizens,
without disabilities as to any local limitations,
and this sacred guarantee of tile Constitution ap-
plios-to them as much as to any other citizen of
this Republic.
The oath that we have taken enjoins upon us
the duty to see that they are secured m their rights,
which so long have been withheld from them.
Whatever difference of opinion jpay exist as to
paying anything for these persons here held to
service, I will cheerfully vote for the compensa-
tion feature of this bill upon the principle of ran-
som. Our Government has before paid money to
ransom its subjects from slavery; and as Congress
has so long held the rod over them by its own
laws, and thus encouraged and practiced the sys-
tem hero in the capital of the nation, where it is
responsible for its existence, it is but proper that
a reasonable and just compensation should follow
liberation. The sacrifice is but small at the great-
est point, while the good will be lasting and the
benefits untold. Our history shows that treason
abounds only where slavery flourishes and con-
trols. Purify the nation's capital of this curse of
humanity, and you advance a gieat way towards
making it forever loyal. Fill it with industry and
enterprise, and by its institutions give its citizens
a just appreciation of the rights of a common
brotherhood, and you make it the abode of peace,
virtue, and true patriotism. One yearago to-day,
as has been well said, the treason of which we
have spoken opened its batteries upon our flag at
Fort Sumter, in defiance of all law, and with a
wickedness unparalleled in all tho history of na-
tions. I rejoice that this, its anniversary day, is
to ho distinguished above other days as the one
upon which the cause and support of this treason
is to be forever banished from the national capital.
The passage of this bill will give new evidence
that the nation's sense of justice lias not entirely
gone, but that it is determined to rise to a higher
life, and not disappoint the reasonable hopes of
struggling humanity throughout the earth. It
will say, that while slavery.exists (to our shame)
in some States, in the capital of our nation where
the representatives of the great people meet, and
hold exclusive control under their Constitution,
all persons shall in reality be fiee and equal be-
fore the law, and protected in the enjoyment of
all constitutional rights. It will assert the doc-
trine which must, by this time, have become the
living sentiment of allourpeoplc of the free States,
that where the national Govfirument has exclusive
control, neithcrslavery nor involuntary servitude,
except in punishmcntof crime, shall longer exist;
and that not another foot of free soil under the
control of Federal authority shall ever be trod
by the foot or poisoned by tile sweat of a slave.
EMANCIPATION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. DOOLITTLE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate, Jlpril 11, 1862.
The Seriate having under consideration the bill (S. No.
151) to confiscate the property and fice the slaves of rebels,
the pending question was on the motion of Mi. Witxey to
amend the third section by inserting in the sixth line the
words, " and also of all other persons of the Aftican race
who are now free in anyof the United States atid after
the word " emigrate," in the same line, inserting u or who
may be heicafter manumitted, either by the voluntary act
ofiudividualsor hv Ht.ite authority, fot the purpose of being
so transported, colonized, and settled," and at the end of
the section adding :
And the sum of $5,000,000 is heieby appropiiated out of
an> mom1} m the Treasury ot tho United .State> not other-
wise cippiopimted, to be applied by the President in cany-
ing into ellW'f the provisions ot this section.
v3o as to make the section read:
That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to make piovwoit lor the tianspoitation, coloniza-
tion, and settlement in some tropical eountiy, beyond the
limits of the United States, of such poisons of the African
race made free hj the provisions'of tins act, and also ot all
oihei persons of the African lace who aie now free in any
of tho United States as may be willing to emigrate, or who
may bo hereafter manumitted either by the voluntaiy act of
individual-: or by State authority l'or the purpo-e of beins
mo tran«poi ted, colonized, and settled, having lust obtained
the consent of the Government of said country to then pro-
tection and settlement within the ^tuie, with all the rights
and privileges of freemen ; and the .sum of $5,000,OCfo is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otheiwiso appropriated, to be applied by the President in
cauying mio effect tin; provisions of this section—
Mr. DOOLITTLE .said: Mr. President, before
proceeding tu the question upon which I design
submitting some remarks, I «hall now do what I
hav<^ never done befose m tho Senate, and what I
trust I shall never have occasion to do again—
refer to a matter personal to myself. Some time
ago, when the bill for emancipating the slaves
in this District was pending here, the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] moved an
amendment to appropriate $100,000 to colonize
oat of the limits of the United States all persons
set free by the act. To that amendment I moved
the following:
JlvA be it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000, out
of any money in the Treasury not othenvise appropriated,
shall be expended under the direction of tho President of
the United States to aid m the colonization and settlement,
with their own consent, of free people of color trom said
District in the republics of Hayti and Liberia, orelsewhere.
I did so to extend its benefit to all free persons
of colorwithin the District: first, because I would
not confine it to those only who should be liber-
ated under the act-, and second—which was the
more material point with me—because I would
make tlmt colonization voluntary, with their own
consent, and not compulsory. On that occasion,
1 made the folio wing remarks, which I read from
the Globe:
" The question being upon the amendment to the amend-
ment,
"Mr. Doolittle said: Mi. President, believing, as T do.
that all men have a natural right to their liberty, and that
Congiess has exclusive legislative power in the District of
Columbia, I am ready to give my vote to put an end tosla-
vety here foiever. But, sir, I cannot support the amend-
ment proposed to tins bill by the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] unless my amendment to it shall be adopted,
and then I will give it my lieaity buppoit."
This remark, that I would not support the
amendment to the bill unless mine was adopted,
was misapprehended, I have no doubt, by some
of the reporters in the gallery who are permitted
to take notes of our proceedings; and the'New
York Times, a journal of wide circulation and
great influence, by mistake reported me assaying
that 1 would not vote for the bill itself unless my
amendment were adopted. I said no such thing,
and I thought no such thing. That I thought it
much wiser to join colonization with emancipa-
tion is very true. I thought so then; I think so
still.and will endeavor to demonstrate it before I
close. This report of the Times has been quoted
extensively by the press in my own State, and as
it bears upon a question on which our people feel
a deep interest, it has, without intending it, done
injustice to my position.
While on this subject I will say a word also as
to the course of the Chicago Tribune. This pro-
fessed Republican journal has a wider circulation
than any other in the Northwest. It circulates
all over my State and wields a powerful influence
there. Hundreds of copies are daily sold in my
own town, to my friends. In giving the account
of the vote on that bill it stated that I voted against
the bill for emancipation in this District. This is
an entire mistake. I will say further, sir, that I
am at a loss to account for the tone and conduct
of that journal of late in some respects. One of
its editors, as postmaster at Chicago, is receiving
the patronage of the best office in the gift of a Re-
publican Administration in the State of Illinois;
patronage annually to the amount of perhaps five
or six thousand dollars. I can very well understand
how an unfriendly newspaper may be led to attack,
misrepiesent, and depreciate the standing, posi-
tion, and action of its political opponents; but I do
not understand how it is that a Republican jour-
nal receiving its support mainly from Republicans
and from their Administration can, upon any con-
siderations of principle, gratitude, friendship, or
policy, intentionally or carelessly make such mis-
representations of the friends of the Administra-
tion as go into that journal. I do not refer to my-
self alone; I refer to men abler than myself; to
men high in position and in the confidence of the
Administration. Nor should I mention this if it
was the first ease in which that journal had mis-
stated my position here as a Senator. If for any
reason that journal supposes that by such a course
it can influence my action here, or if the editor of
a certain other professed Republican journal in
my own State, whose name I will not speak, for
it is not fit to be spoken in this Senate, supposes
that he can intimidate me, or, baser stiil, levy
black mail upon me to gain his silence or his sup-
port, or to change my action or restrain the free
utterance of my convictions here or elsewhere,
they do not know the man with whom they deal.
