592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31.
"to bring this matter to a conclusion to-night, and
as" there is a special order, I understand, fixed for
one o'clock on Monday, it is necessary either that
that special order should be postponed until Tues-
day, or that this case shall be set down for Tues-
day. I therefore move that this case be set? down
for Tuesday,at one o'clock, with the understand-
ing upon all hands that it be disposed of on that
day.
Mr. HALE. You cannot make any such agree-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Reasons personal to my-
self will compel my absence from the Senate until
some time on Tuesday; the hour I cannot state.
I shall be compelled to leave the city for a short
time owing to the illness of one of my family, and
I do not wish to have a vote taken on this ques-
tion in my absence. As I said to the Senate this
morning, I am willing to pledge myself to sit here
until we can get a vote upon it. In my opinion,
this thing of going home to dinner and being anx-
ious about it is a small kind of business. When
we have a controversy before us we had better
settle it at once, and 1 should like to have this
question settled now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in the
chair.) Will the Senator from Wisconsin please
state his motion again ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that this subject
be postponed until Tuesday next, at one o'clock;
or if Senators prefer to reconsider the vote by
which we agreed to adjourn over until Monday,
I am willing to do that.
Mr. GRIMES. I hear gentlemen around me
saying they wish the vote by which wc agreed to
adjourn until Monday reconsidered. I am per-
fectly willing that gentlemen shall reconsider it if
they see fit; but I will not promise to be here to-
morrow, for the reason that Saturday is the only
day on which members of Congress can obtain
access to some of the Executive Departments. It
may not be necessary for Senators leprcsenting
States m the immediate vicinity of the capital, or
States that have agents here representing the ex-
ecutive officers of those States, to go to the De-
partments; but some of us live very remote from
the capital, and our States have no agents here to
represent them. A great deal of duty is imposed
upon us, therefore; there certainly is upon me;
and I am compelled to go to those Departments
to represent the Governor of my State and others
who have intrusted business to me.
Mr. WADE, it seems to me Monday steers
clear of all objections. Let us agree to take the
vote Monday.
Mr. BROWNING. I believe I had the floor
on tills question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor, but has been
yielding it for some time through courtesy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
give way to me for a moment.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 will, sir; but I hope
there will not be any more claims upon me.
FESSENDEN. It is quite evident that the
Senate may as well on this occasion, as on many
oilieis heretofore,come to an understanding, and
without reference to what each individual Senator
may wish, to look the matter directly in the face.
We have got a special order for Monday. The
Senator from California desires to vote on this
question, and if he could be here on Monday [
should be pei fectly willing to postpone that special
order to another time and act then on this subject;
but he has stated on the floor that he cannot be
here on Monday, and desires to vote on the ques-
tion. He can be here on Tuesday, as I undei-
stand him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am compelled to leave
for a short time, and cannot get back until some
time on Monday. I shall go to-morrow.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Then the
Senator cannot be here on Monday, but can be on
Tuesday; and if we can have that day fixed as
the tunc when the final \ote shall be taken, it is
quite evident wo had better do that, if the Senator
is going to-morrow, as he states. To-monow is
fixed as a day for business at the Departments.
Many Senators, instead of going there during the
week, have put olf all the business they have to do
with the Dep^i tments until to-morrow, and are
unwilling to agiee to come here to-morrow; you
cannot see the Secretary of War on any other day
of the week. Under those circumstances, havin'i'
a special order for Monday, it is quite manifest,
in my judgment, that the sensible thing to do is
to agree upon Tuesday, withoutfurtherdebate, as
the day on which we shall take the vote.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to make one
remark. I am not in the habit of asking favors,
and I only do it now in consequence of the illness
of one of my family.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is undeVstood the Sen-
ator has an entirely sufficient reason. He desires
to leave. I hope, therefore, the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, if the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois will allow it to be put, will be
agreed to; and I think there will be no misunder-
standing on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BROWJNIJNGr. Mr. President, but for the
fact that it would bo discourteous and unjust to
the Senator from Indiana to force him into a reply
to-night, I should prefer to go on and settle this
question now; but that is a controlling reason why
we should not do it. I have no intention to par-
ticipate in this debate any further than to state, in
the briefest possible manner, the reasons that will
control my own vote, without attempting an argu-
ment to influence the opinions of any other Senator
upon this floor. I cheerfully give way to the mo-
tion made by the Senator from Wisconsin for a
postponement of this subject until Tuesday; and
while I shall have the floor for that day, I want it
distinctly undeistood it is with no intention or
purpose of making a speech, but simply to state
the reasons of my vote.
Mr. POWELL. I understand the Senator from
Wisconsin has already submitted a motion that
this subject be postponed until Tuesday next, and
as we have a special order for Monday, I think it
very proper that this matter should be set down
for Tuesday. I hope the motion of the Senator
fiom Wisconsin will prevail.
Mr. HALE. Ata proper time I should be will-
ing to postpone this matter until Tuesday, but I
am not willing to do it now. If anybody thinks
he can enlighten the Senate upon it by a speech,
I think lie had better try it to-night. I am un-
willing to postpone this subject until Tuesday, and
to come here and hear these things repeated over
and over again. 1 have notopened my mouth in
this debate, and do not mean to do so; but I am
not willing day after day and day after day to
have the public business postponed for the pur-
pose ofhearing speeches on this subject, on which
I suppose every Senator has made up his mind.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, theie is no
Senator upon the floor perhaps who enlightens
us more frequently than the Senator from New
Hampshire, and there is no one who is more te-
nacious of his right of being heard upon every
question that presents itself before the Senate. If
I choose in my humble way to present the reasons
winch will control my own vote, I do not admit
his right or the right of any other man to repri-
mand me for it, or to undertake to dictate who
shall speak and who shall not speak upon' any
question. I did not ask the Senate to adjourn foi
my accommodation; but I protest against the Sen-
ate being dotenvd fiom acting in accordance with
its own sense of what is proper bv the magisterial
declaration of the Senator from New Hampshire,
that he does not wish to hear any more speeches
from anybody upon this subject, and thciefore
debate ought to he closed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say one word
on the subject of postponement. I have been ob-
jecting with my fellow Senators to an adjourn-
ment. It is my opinion, and the result of some
observation, that we can transact business better
by disposing of it at once when we have it in hand,
than by postponing it and taking it up again the
next morning. In my opinion, when we have
matteis of controversy here they had belter be
settled without any adjournment; and although 1
am about as old as any gentleman on this floor,
except perhaps the Senator from Vermont and
the Senator from New York, I would rather stay
here in my place and try to transact some busi-
ness than hunt my dinnei. I really think that if
we were wise and considered public business, and
fMt the burden of our office, we would stay heie.
I do not underhand how gentlemen who have
upon tin m the burden of this Government—1 can-
not say it for myself, because 1 do not belong to
the party that especially represents the Govern-
ment—can aftoiJ to adjourn because it is dinner
tune.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion. *
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I appeal to the Senator from
Illinois to withdraw the motion. We can put
the question now, I think, on the motion of the
Senator from "Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 31, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stookton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FLOATING DEBT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretaiy of the Tieasury in
reference to the resolution of the 8th instant, call-
ing for an account of the floating debt; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the acts of Congress of
"August 16,1842, and August 18,185G, a report on
the commercial relations of the United States with
foreign nations for the year ending 30th Septem-
ber, 1861.
Mr. ET JOT. I move that the report be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 move that the usual extra num-
ber of copies be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion goes under the
rules to the Committee on Printing.
FRAUDULENT CONTRACTORS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution, which it
strikes me it is of importance that the House should
act on.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Raoh ed, That the Committee on Military Affairs he in-
stiuetod to liuiuiiemto tiie expediency of placing contract-
or* lor thr> supplies of the Army and Navy, and loi all ma-
terials orai!i)< for the same, under the rule and goverment
of military law, the rules and aiticleslorthegovernment of
the Aimy arid Navy, with power to punish foi fraud or infi-
delity.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I have read
with astonishment and sorrow evidences of the
frauds practiced on the Government by Govern-
ment contractors, not only to the loss but to the
discredit of the Government. Recent develop-
ments satisfy me that the most infamous frauds
have been practiced in the supply of the necessa-
ries of life to the Burnside expedition. In times
like these, those who contract with the Govern-
ment should be placed under military rule, and
punished for their frauds and villainy. I hope the
committcc will consider this subjectimmediately.
Mr. DAWES. There are already two com-
mittees intrustpd with this matter, and I suggest
that they be discharged from its further consider-
ation,and that the whole subject be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. It seems to me
that it is hardly worth while to employ three com-
mittees of the House at the same time on the same
subject-matter. After some debate in the House,
in the early part of the session, the Judiciary Com-
mittee had a bill referred to it for that purpose. A
few days since, on the receipt of some veiy elo-
quent and proper resolutions from the Legislature
of the State of New York, approved-by its Gov-
ernor, the committee on Government contracts was
instructed to inquire into this same thing; and now
my friend from Kentucky proposes to refer it to
the Committee on Military Affairs. As an humble
member of one of those committees, I should like
that the whole subject were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. After this resolution is
adopted, the gentleman can move to discharge
those other committees from the further consider-
ation of the subject.
Mr. DAWES. I move to refer the resolution
to the committee on Government contracts.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to have it referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. If the gen-
