THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OE CO-NCrKESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON
D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
tleman desires it, F will modify myM-esolution so
as to discharge those other committees.
Mr. DAWES. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I ask to have the resolu-
tion modified in the sense I have indicated.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
SIIA5I CARTRIDGES.
Mr. FESSENDEN offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlic following editorial statement of the
Chicago Tiibuno be refcned to the commrnco on the con-
duct of the war, a-i part of theii investigation into the same:
"A Stranoe Statement.—The Chicago Tribune nub-
lislies the following paiagrapli editorially:
"'We have before us thiee caitridges brought to us from
Annapolis by a friend. Tliey aie a portion of the ammu-
nition for Enfield rifles so'ved out to Buinsidc's loiees for
the gieat expedition. To the eye tlicy aie like in appear-
ance and the slight diffeicnce in weight could not instantly
be detected. But the difference is that one of the t'nee con-
tains not a paiticle of powder. A prominent ollicei of the
expedition told our informant that this was about the pio-
poition throughout the entire Iotof JEnlield cartiidges—one
thiid of them eaiefully put up without powder. Now, lieic
is a case tor investigation. Was it fraud or tiaacheiy that
seeks to palm otT upon our biave troops, on the eve of an
expedition, sham cam idges ? Let us liave an explanation
of this affair, Seeretaiy Stanton.' "
FEES OF NEW YOKE OFFICJ3RS.
Mr. VAN WYCIi. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the collectoi. surveyor, and naval officer
of the port of New Yuilt bediieeted to fui mail to tills House
a statement of the sahiiy, f<>es, and perquisites received by
each, respectively, fioni the tune lie entered ou the duties
ol 1ns office ; also the salary, fees, and peiquisites leceived
by the ptedeeessoi of each d u !* i n L' the foul yeais piecednig
the time when the piesent incumbent cnteied upon tin1
duties of the office.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest to my colleague to
modify his resolution, so as to make it call on
the Secretary of the Treasury for the informa-
tion.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I accept the modification
suggested.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
CUSTOM-HOUSE CONTRACT.
Mr. VAN WYCK, from the select committee
to investigate Government contracts, oifered the
following resolution; which was read,considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to fuinHi tin- IIou-,e with a copy of the eo.ih'.iet made bv
hurt or his Depaitmentfoi handling, opening, una, and
general dehveiy of fim;i«rn goods in the city of New Voik,
usually called thelaborcontiaetor geneial oidei-'contiarr;
and jdiall aUo inform thi^ House. whether the said labor
now done by the on^nial panics to said contract, or wheilnu
saideontiaet has heen assigned ; if so, to whom and foi what
consuleiation ; al.so who aie the ownoi^ of the warehou^e^
whcie said goods aie stoied, and what icnt^ asp paid lor
then UfcO.
MESSAGE FItOM THE SENATE.
A message from tlio Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate have
agreed to the report of the cornmittec of conference
upon the bill (H. R. No. 150) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
3863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending June 30, 1862,
Also that the Senate have passed the bill of the
House (No. 109). entitled "An act to piohihit the
cooly trade by American citizens in American
vessels," with an amendment, in wlucll he was
directed to ask the concurrence of I he House.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcsolret!. That We Committee on Expenditures on the
Pnbhc .Bmldi'jg.- and Giound< are auihouzed to empln\ a
olerk, at the rate of llmr dolLus a day dining the
ol said committee.
Mr HOLMAN. I object.
WrtLIAM BROWN. !
Mr. "WALLACE, of Pennsyl vania, asked and j
obtained leave to have the petition and papers of i
William Brown withdrawn from the files of the j
House and referred to the Committee of Claims, i
38
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1862.
JOHN CAMPBELL AND JOHN FERGUSON.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous con sent, intioduced a bill for the relief of
John Campbell and John Ferguson; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. WADS WORTH offered the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to;
Rnolvcd, That the Judiciary Committee be requested to
examine into the propriety of repealing the law authorizing
the judges of the encuit and district eouits of the United
States lor the distuetof Kentucky, to hold terms of said
comt in Covington, Padueafo, and Luuibvillu; and to repoit
by bill or otherwise.
REGIMENTAL BANDS.
Mr. BLAKE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
llcsolvrd, That the Secietary of War be requested to in-
form the House how many icgimental bands are now em-
ployed m the Army of the United States, what the cost is
to the Government of each band, and whether the services
of such bands cannot be dispensed with without injuiy to
the public service.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. MENZIES, by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced a bill to regulate the times of holding the
courts of the United States for the district of Ken-
tucky, and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
EXPORTATION OF OAK.
Mr. ALLEY offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to mquiip into the expediency of preventing the exportation
of oak timber fiom this country.
THANKS TO COLONEL GARFIELD.
Mr. EDG-ERTON. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce a joint resolution.
Mr. VALLAND1GIIAM. 1 call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. EDGEIITON. I ask my colleague to post-
pone that call to enable me to introduce my reso-
lution.
Mr. VALLA ND3 Gil AM. I will withdraw it
to hear the resolution.
There being no objection,
Mr. EDGEIITON introduced the following
joint resolution; which was read a first and second
time:
Rcsolret1 hy the Senate and TTousr of lipprescntalires of the
United Slatev oj Amcr lea in Congress assembled, That the
thanki ol Congress are due, and aie heiebv tendered, to
Colonel Jimi's A Garfield, and through ban to the offioeis
and men uiuh r ln^ command, foi then gallant conduct in the
i ecent brilliant victory at Middle Creek over a superior rebel
ioice under General Humphrey Marshall.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
upon ordeiingthe joint resolution to be engrossed
and read a thud time.
Mi. DUNN. I eettdinly li.ive a very high ap-
pieciation of the gallant conduct of Colonel Gar-
field—as high, 1 am.sure, as any gentleman upon
this floor; and, in my judgment, the thanks of the
Government and of the people of the country are
sufficiently apparent without the necessity of the
passage of such a resolution as this.
It is an ungracious task to oppose a resolution
tendeung the thanks of Congress for such gallant
and meritorious services; but, sir, if we pass this
resolution, many other officers, equally gallant,
will feel themselves slighted unless similar reso-
lutions are passvd relative to them. The result
will be fhatwe shall have our records incumbered
with expression* of thanks to particular officers
and regiments. Moreover, our compliments will
become so common that they will cease to be val-
uable. I move to refer the joint resolution to the
Committed on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN G. MINI.
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. I (.ill for the rng- !|
ular order of busings** i:
New Sjskies.....No. 38.
ritiiiiaaiiiiiiiiiiiiaiababuaananhasnmmusmbmbatbmmua
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the following bill, post-
poned from Friday last until this day:
A bill (H. R. No. 223) to render valid and au-
thorize the extension of the letters patent granted
to John G. Mini on the 13th day of November,
1844, and reissued on the 24th day of August,
1852. '
Mr. DUNN. I move that that bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the service of the PostOffice Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfillmgtreaty stipulations, for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863; which was
read a -first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
LOAN RILL.
Mr. STEVENS. If there be no objection, I
will move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the purpose of con-
sidering public business. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Kel-
logg, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed ihe
consideration, as a special order, of the bill of the
House (No. 240) to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States; the question being upon the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Vallandigham.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I wish to ask the
gentleman from New York,who reported this bill,
a question in regard to the proper interpretation
of a clause of the first section of this bill. There
is a dispute m regard to its meaning, and I pre-
sume the gentleman who represents the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means upon this measure can
inform the House what the proper construction
is. The clause to which I refer is this:
cc Authoiized to i.ssue on tin; oiedit of the United States
$100,000,000 of United Slates notes, not bearing intetcst,
payable to bearer atthe Tiea«ury of the Uniterl Piatos, orat
the oliice of the Assistant Tieasurcr in New York, at the
ploasuie ot the United States."
The question is, whether the words "at the
pleasure of the United States" refer to the time
when or the place where these notes are payable ?
Mr. SPAULDING. 1 will say' that that clause
is misplaced in the sentence. It should be made
to the time of payment of the notes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then the bill is
more monstrous than 1 supposed. Mr. Chairman,
1 am not prepared at this time to address the com-
mittee either upon the substitute or the ouginal
bill. The questions involved are of the greatest
importance at the present time and for the future,
and I desire some further time for consideiation.
If any other gentleman is prepared to discuss the
bill, I will yield to him; otherwise, I would be
glad if the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means would consent to its further postpone-
ment. i do not desire a vote to be taken upon the
substitute without an oppoitunity to explain it
fuliv to the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I had supposed the gentle-
man from Ohio desired to speak to-day. Under-
standing now that he does not, if no other gentle-
man desin s to address the committee, I will move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
