2576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5.
this kind of legislation. 1 do not think Congress
baa any right to undertake, or that it ought to un-
dertake if it had the right, to interfere with the
privileges, powers, rights, and duties of a State
corporation. It is anomalous in its character.
There is no other provision of this kind in this
bill. I hope it will be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the time when these gas
companies were organized, there was no such thing
as an excise of this description, and the States
made their own regulations without regard to it,
and some of them fixed the price in certain cases
at which gas should be sold. It has now become
necessary, in the course of legislation, to impose
a duty on gas. It is done with the idea that that
is paid as every other duty, either wholly or partly
by the consumer. The question that arises is
whether the gas companies ought not to have the
power, notwithstanding the charters, to charge,
as others do, the amount of the duty in the sale
of the article. It is not perfectly clear that Con-
gress can give them the power; but so far as Con-
gress can give it to them, they desire that it should.
We all know that our laws within the sphere in
which we may constitutionally act in passing laws,
are paramount to all others. They desire to have
the advantage of that exercise of authority on our
part, and so far as Congress can legislate to give
them the power, that it shall do so. If it shall
prove to be unavailing, that will be their loss. If it
can be made available, they ought to be placed on
the same ground with all other persons who have
the power to deal with their customers according
to the necessities of the case, we having imposed
this burden which they had no reason to antici-
pate. It is the same principle we have inserted
m the bill in regard to contracts made at a certain
time. We have undertaken to control them.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Maine says
it is by no means clear that Congress has the
power to confer upon a State corporation this
privilege. That concession, it seems to me, ought
to be fatal to tins provision. I cannot suppose
that any lawyer in this body, or out of it, can be
found to maintain the position that Congress can
add anything to the powersofa State corporation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misappie-
hends me, I may have used the expression he
attributes to me; but what I meant to say was
that the question was not without its doubts. My
own opinion is that Congress has a right to pass
upon this subject of excise, and in passing upon
it may pass any law necessary to carry it into
eftect, and that it may probably come within our
power, in acting upon that subject, to pass a law
which, from its paramount nature, would over-
ride the State legislation, or rather the particular
provisions of a State charter as to that mutter.
That is the inclination of my judgment; still it is
a moot point; it is a question about which there
is doubt; and while, therefore, I say it is not per-
fectly clear that Congress has the power, I tlunk
that at any rate Congress ought to accede to the
reasonable request of the companies, and so far as i
it can, shape its legislation so'that they may have i
the benefit of it. In case it can be done, it will '
placo tlu'in upon a level with other persons in a
like situation under the bill.
Mr. HARRIS. It is very clear to my mind
that these provisions would be inoperative; that
if tho customer of a gas company saw fit to resist
the payment of this tax, it could not bo enforced
under the provision contained in this section, and
I am opposed entirely, as a matter of principle, to
any attempt on the part of Congress to vary the
rights and privileges of a State corporation. I
think it is a bad system of legislation which would j
be thus initiated. If the gas company have the I
right under their charter, let them chaige it so.
If they have not the i igli t, and they ouglu to have
it, let them go to theii State Legislatures and get
the power to do so; but let not Congress under-
take to interfere with chartered rights under the i
State governments. It seems to me a very un-
wise species oflegislation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-. Antho- !
ny.) The question is on the amendment of the i
Senator from New York to the amendment of'
the Senator from New Hampshire. !
i I ask for the yeas and nays. 1
'"nk tins is an important question. '
I th
The yeas and nays were o d<-rcd; and bein-
takcu, resulted—yeas 14, nays 21; as follows : °
YEAS—Messrs. Browulfig, Carhlo, Clark, Doolmle,
Harris, Howe, Kin?, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nesmith,
Simrwm*, Stark, Thomson, and Trumbull—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Collainer, Cowan,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foster. Grimes, Hale, Harlan, McDou-
gall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Evck. Wade, Wiimot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wright—12.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York being re-
jected, the question recurs on the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire, to strike out
the words " any limitation which may exist in
the charter of said companies or the jaws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding."
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
striking out that clause.
Mr. CLARK. It looks like an attempt to
overrule State legislation in a matter which may
be questionable, and it adds no force to the sec-
tion as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILMOT. I propose to amend the bill
by striking out, on page 86, lines seventeen, eigh-
teen, and nineteen. These are the lines in which
the tax on coal is imposed. I do not desire to
say anything further on that subject, but simply
to state that I deem the tax impolitic. Coal is
taxed, and taxed heavily, in every article that
enters into its production.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ It is the im-
pression of the Chair that the motion is not in
order, the amendment to that clause having been
concurred in by the Senate.
Mr, WILMOT. From that decision 1 must
take an appeal. I suppose the whole hill is un-
dergoing revision now, and every part of it is
open to amendment. I propose to strike out lines
seventeen, eighteen, and nineteen, on page 86.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania can accomplish his object by
moving to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate concurred in the amendment of the commit-
tee, which was to strike out those lines and insert
new words.
Mr. WILMOT. Very well; then I move tore-
consider the vote, for the purpose of moving to
strike out this tax on coal; and I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say that
coal is certainly no more an agricultural product
than cotton. The Senate has decided to make one
exception; and this tax has been, on the motion
of one Senator from Pennsylvania, reduced al-
ready from fifteen cents to three and a half cents,
and I should think the Senator might be satisfied
with that.
Mr. WILMOT. I am of course satisfied with
whatever shall be the decision of the Senate. 1 am,
however, persuaded that this tax upon coal is un-
just. It is not alone because nine tenths of this
tax will be paid by the citizens of Pennsylvania
that I object to it, but it is because coal is an ele-
ment,and a great element, of civil izationand prog-
ress. This bill certainly will produce enough
without the imposition of three or four hundred
thousand dollars upon coal.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what tl?b rule
of the Senate is, but I suppose the motion to re-
consider must be made by a person voting with
the majority, if so, I desire to know how the
Senator fiom Pennsylvania voted.
Mr. HALE. I will make the motion, but I shall
vote against it. I voted with the majoiity, I be-
lieve.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we do this, the tax bill
will never get out from under our hands.
Mr. HALE. I do it to oblige a friend, but I
will vote against him. I think it ought to be fif-
teen cents, as it oiiginally stood.
Mr. WILMOT. I voted against the proposi-
tion, and therefore would not be entitled to move
to reconsider. Iam very much obliged to the Sen-
ator from New Hamp&hite for the motion he has
made
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the amend-
ment was agreed to in the Senate, and on this
question the yeas and nays are called for.
The yeas mid nays were ordered.
Mi. GRIMES. 1 desire to say that I shall vote
" yea," with a view to raise the amount to what
it originally was.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Garble, Chandler, Dutun, Giiines, Har-
lan, Harris, Kennedy, Simmons, Sumner, TiumbuII, Wil-
kinson. Wiimot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Browning, Clark, Collamcr,
Doolittie, Fessenden, Fo>ter, IlnK Howe, King. Lane of
Indiana, Latham, MeDouealJ, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Powell, Sherman, Stark, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Wade, and
Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to reconsider. *
Mr. WILMOT. I have another amendment
which I desire to offer to this bill. It is an amend-
ment to come in as a new section, on page 111,
before section seventy-seven:
•And be it further enacted, That a tonnage tax of siv cents
per ton be levied and paid to the collector of customs of
the spveinl ports of entry upon all boats and vessels of every
description entering such pons, on the coast of the Atlantic
or Pacific oceans, on the Gulf of Mexico, or on any bay or
arm of the sea connecting therewith, or entering sucli ports
in the waters of Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, St. Clair,
Huron, Michigan, or Superior, or any bay or arm connect-
ing with either of said lakes.
I propose this tonnage tax as affecting an inter-
est that enjoys a monopoly in this country 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word ? We had the matter before
the Finance Committee, but were told by theCom-
mittee of Ways and Means of the House of Rep-
resentatives that they were elaborating and pre-
paring a separate bill, to come from that House
on that subject.
Mr. WILMOT. If that be the case, I am not
disposed to press this amendment.
Mr, SHERMAN. I believe the lake interest
is willing to pay a tonnage duty, but it was thought
better to put it in a separate bill.
Mr. WILMOT Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to make a
verbal amendment on the 66th page, sixth section,
fifty-fourth line, to strike out the words " more
than one," and insert " one or more;" so as to
read, " one or more original package."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. On page 99, section seventy-
two, I wish to insert, in the third line, after the
word "of," the words "real estate" before
" goods, wares,merchandise," so that the auction
tax shall be on sales of real estate as well as of
goods at auction. There are vast amounts of real
estate sold at auction in the large cities, and I want
to put one quarter per cent, on them all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only objection I have
to it is that the auctioneers who are licensed are
auctioneers who sell personal property. Those
persons who sell real estate through the country
are not licensed under the bill,,antf therefore they
are not embraced by this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it will not do any
harm.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it is inconsistent with
the plan of the bill. t
Mr. GRIMES. Are not auctioneers of real
estate in New York city licensed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but not in the country.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is not intended to reach
the little country towns.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SIMMONS. I should like to inquire of
the chairman if we left the duty on rectified spirits
blank > It was left blank by the committee; has
that blank been filled ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amount of license
duty ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, the amount of duty per
gallon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was struck out en-
tirely.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was fifteen cents in the
House bill, and 1 believe it would pay ten with-
out any trouble.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to the
Senator offering that amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose to restore that
clause which taxes redistilled spirits, and to in-
seit a duty of ten cents a gallon on that which is
made into gin and rum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator move to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate concurred in shiking out the clause to
which he refers ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that there is one rate on whisky and another on
the other articles.
Mr. SIMMONS. The distillers complained of
it because there were two rates, one fifteen and the
