1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
fort to those who do. TJie loyal, faithful subject
of the United States, wherever on the soil of his
country he may have his home, is not the enemy
of his country. No subtilty of logic, no ingenu-
ity of legal construction, no misapplication of the
lawsof international war to this con test can change
the nature of things, can convertloyalty into trea-
son, or devotion into hostility. If ihere be tc^day
in Tennessee, or Georgia, or South Carolina even,
aloyal subject of the United States "faithful among
the faithless found," the Government is not at war
with him. I am aware that aa to property taken
on the high seas, some of the district courts of the
United States have held otherwise. But I ventuie
to predict that the court of last resort will affirm
the doctrine, stated by Mr. Justice Nelson of that
court, to be good sense and sound law:
"On the breaking out of a war between two nations,
the citizens or subjects of the respective belljoeront^ are
deemed bv the law of nations to be the enemies of each
other. The same is tine, m atinulified sense, in the case
of a civil wai aiising out of an insurrection or rebellion
against the mother government. But in the latter case, the
citizens or subjects residing within the insurrectionary dis-
trict, not implicated in the rebellion, but adhering to their
allegiance, are not enemies, nor to be rt'aaided as such.
Tilts distinction was constantly observed by the English
Government in rhe dKtinfoaneesm Scotland under the Pre-
tender and his son, in the years 1710 and 1745. It modifies
the law,as it respects the condition of the ciuzen-^or sub-
jects, residing within the hunts of the revolted district, who
remain loyal to the government."
The difference between a war and a rebellion is
clcar and vital. War is the hostile relation of one
nation to another, involving all the subjects of
both. Rebellion is the relation which disloyal
subjects hold to the nation, not involving or im-
pairing the rights of loyal subjects. The law may
fail to protect obedient subjects, but it never con-
demns them. As between tfto government and
its subjects in arms against it, the legal relation
is not that of war, notwithstanding the war power
is used to subdue and reduce them to obedience.
Though the rebellion has assumed gigantic pro-
portions and the civil power is impotent to repress
jt, the array of numbers and extent of physical
force do not change its essential legal character.
It is still treason—the levying of war against the
United States by those who owe to it allegiance.
For this exigency the Constitution has provided.
The warpowerof the Government may be evoked
"to execute the laws of tho Union, and to sup-
press insurrection." In levying war against the
UniteifStates the rebels do not cense to be traitors,
but are doing the thing in which tine Constitution
declares treason to consist. (Art. 3, sec. H.)
While using the powers and appliances of war
for the purpose of subduing the rebellion, we are
by no means acting without the pule of the Con-
stitution. We aie using precisely tiie powers
with which the Constitution has clothed ua for
this end. We are seeking domestic tranquillity
by the sword the Constitution has placed in our
hands, in tho path of war, as of peace, the Con-
stitution is our guide nnd our light—the cloud by
day, the pillar of fire by night.
While using the powers of war for executing
the laws and subduing rebellion, we are of eouise
bound and rcstramcd'by the laws of war. It is
our duty and our privilege to respect the maxims
of humanity and moderation by which the law
of n'ations and of Christian civilization has tem-
pered the spiritof modern hostilities. During the
war we may recognize in the rebels the rights of
belligerents, may send ihem flags of truce, may
make with them capitulations, cartcls for exchange
of prisoners, and extend to them the courtesies
which mitigate, to .some extent, the iron rigor of
war. These things wercdonem the earliest stages
of our Revolution, not only before the sepaiatiun
of the colonies was declared, but before the idea
of independence had fairly taken possession of
the publicmind. But it was never supposed that
by adopting the usages of civilized warfaie Great
Britain was relaxing her hold upon the colonies
orclevatingihcm into independent Powers. Noth-
ing is, I think, plainer m principle than that the
recognition of these rights and the observance of !
these usages-~-JIttgr«?i,£e bello—cannot affect the le-
gal relation ot the parties, does not divest the sov-
ereign of his power, or release the subject from
his duties, when the strife of arms ceases. It is
only when rebellion has ripened into successful
revolution, that the permanent legal relations of
the parties are changed. The recognition of the
(i belligerent rights15 of l he rebels by foreign Pow-
ers can, as between the soveieign and his subjects*
have no other or fuither effect. Such recognition
(if known to the law of nations) proceeds upon
the ground that the revolution is not accomplished,
and that the connection is not dissolved. Had this
been done, the recognition would have been of
their separate national existence.
In my humble judgment, Mr. Chairman, the
" seceded States"—so called—and the people of
those States are to-day integral parts of the Union,
over whom, when the conflict of arms ceases the
Constitution of the United States, and the laws
made under it, will resume their peaceful sway.
Traitors may perish, some institutions may per-
ish, the nation will remain and the States will re-
main essential parts of the body-politic. " The
body is one, and hath many members, and all the
members of that body being many, are one body."
With this brief and imperfect development of
the principles involved in this great controversy,
I proceed to a more direct consideration of the
subjects of confiscation and emancipation.
In seeki ng to know what this Government ought
to do in relation to the confiscation of private prop-
erty, or the emancipation of slaves in the " se-
ceding" States, the obvious question presenting
itself to every mind at the threshold is, what is
the end which the Government and the people are
seeking to attain ? There can be but one loyal an-
swer to that question. It is to preserve the Union ,
and the Constitution in their integrity, to vindi- j
cate in every part of this indivisible Republic its
supreme law. No purpose,'however humane, be-
neficent, or attractive, can divert our steps from
the plain, straight path of sworn duty. What is
writ is writ. In seeking to change it by force of
arms, we become the rebels we are striving to
subdue.
It is a plain proposition, that in seeking to en-
force the law we are, as far as possible, to obey
the law. We arc not to destroy in seeking to pre-
serve. The people do not desire a bitter and re-
morseless struggle over the dead body of the Con-
stitution. We may raise armies and navies and
pour outas water the treasure and life-blood of the
people, but we can neither think nor act wisely,
live well or die well for the Republic, unless we
keep clearly and always in view the end of all our
labors and sacrifices, the Union of our fathers
and the Constitution, which is its only bond. No
thoughtful man can believe there is a possibility
of reconstructing the Union on any other basis,
or that it is within the province of Congress in
any other but the peaceful way of amendment to
make the effort.
The bills and joint resolutions before the House
propose, with some differences of policy and
method, two measures: the confiscation of the
pioperty of the rebels, and the emancipation of
their slaves. Some of the resolutions propose the
abolition of slavery itself, with compensation for
loynl masters. It is my duty to examine, as
briefly as I may,the wisdom, the justice, and the
constitutionality of the measures proposed; and
first of confiscation.
The propositions for confiscation include the
entire property of the rebels, real and personal,
for life and in fee. Within the class whose estates
are to be confiscated are included not only those
personally engaged in the rebellion, in arms against
the Government, but also those who adhere to
them, giving them aid or comfort; so that within
the sweep of the bills wouid be brought substan-
tially the property of eleven States and six mil-
lions of people.
The mind instinctively shrinks from a propo-
sition like this. It relucts to include in one " fell
swoop" a whole people. It asks anxiously if
no consideration is to be had for differentdegrees
of guilt; if the same measure is to be meted to
those who organized the rebellion and those who
have been forced into it; if no consideration is to
be given to the fact that allegiance and protection
are reciprocal duties, and that for the last ten
months the national Government has found itself
incapable of giving protection to its loyal subjects
in the " seccdingStates," neither defending them
nor giving them arms to defend themselves, and
that deprived of our protection and incapable of
resistance they have yielded only to superior
foice; if a wise Goverrynentis to forget the nature
of man and thcinfliuncea of birth, of .sod, of home,
of society, and of State, by which his opinions
are insensibly molded, and that this pestilent
heresy of the right of secession, fatal as it is now
seen to bej'not only to the existence of good Gov-
ernment but of social order itself, has been a
cardinal article in the faith of a large portion of
the people in the southern States, and that they
have been induced by the arts and sophistries
and falsehoods of unprincipled leaders to believe
that their future safety and well-being required
the exercise of the right? Those leaders should
atone for their crime by the just penalty of the
law. But you cannot, says Burke, " indicta whole
people; you cannot apply to them the ordinary
rules of criminal jurisprudence." To state the
proposition to confiscate the property of eleven
States is to confute it; is to shock our common sense
and sense of justice; is to forget not only the ties of
history and of kindred, but those of a common
humanity; is to excite the indignation of the civil-
ized world, and to invoke the interposition of all
Christian Governments.
It is said that just retaliation requires the con-
fiscation of the property of the rebels. Doubtless
nations may feel compelled to resort to measures
of severe retaliation. It may be their only security
against future outrage. But a firmly established
Government does not resort to cruelty and injus-
tice because its rebellious subjects have done so.
It must maintain a higher standard of rectitude
and justice. Its object is not vengeance, but to
deter men from crime. It knows that harsh and
severe punishments but rouse pity for the crim-
inal and indignation against the Government.
Nor will the difference between confiscation by
the rebels and by this Government be overlooked.
Our acts of confiscation, if within the limits of the
Constitution, are effective and permanent; theirs,
void in law, are temporary in their effect. The
title to one square inch of land will not be changed
by any confiscation by the rebel authorities. Every
man who has occupied the land of a loyal citizen
under their pretended acts of confiscation will be
liable for the full rent and damages to the estate.
Every man who is in possession of personal prop-
erty under them will be compelled to disgorge.
Every debt paid under them into rebel treasuries
will still be due to the loyal creditor. The restora-
tion and indemnity will, I know, be imperfect.
Many grievous wrongs will go unredressed. But
every rebel, whatsoever functions he may have
usurped, judicial or executive, who has iuvaded
the rights of person or of property of a loyal cit-
izen, will be liable to his last farthing for indem-
nity. So far, therefore, as our Government con-
fiscates the property of rebels to its-own use, it
takes from the loyal citizen the sources to which
he may justly look for redress.
Theacts of general confiscation proposed would
defeat the great end the Government has in view:
the restoration of order, union, and obedience to
law. They would take from the rebels every mo-
tive for submission; they would create the strong-
est possible motives to continued resistance. In
the maintenance of the confederate government
they might possibly find protection; in the resto-
ration of ours, spoliation. " Spoliatis arma super-
sunt." You iea.ve them the great weapon of de-
spair. Sallust said of the old Romans, " major ts
nostri religiosissimi mortalcs nihil victis eripiebant
prater injuria: liccntiam"—our ancestors, the most
religious of men, took from the vanquished noth-
ing but the license of wrong-doing; words, says
Grotius, worthy of having been said by a Chris-
tian.
it seems to be taken for granted that our efforts
to suppress the rebellion will be successful in pro-
portion to the severity of the measures we adopt.
The assumption is at war with the lessons of his-
tory and with the nature of man. The most vigor-
ous prosecution of the war possible is best for the
Government and its subjects in arms against it.
But the war is means to an end. " Wise men labor
in the hope of rest, and make war for the sake of
peace." It is only when justicc is tempered with
mercy that it is justice.
Apart from the injustice and impolicy of these
acts of sweeping confiscation, I have not been
able to find in the Constitution the requisite au-
thority to pass them. There are two aspects in
which the legal question may be viewed—first, the
confiscation and forfeiture of property as the pun-
ishment for crime; secondly, under w'hat has pop-
ularly been called the " war power" of the Gov-
ernment.
Looking at confiscation as the penalty of crime,
