THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-I#
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I).- C, •'
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1862.
New Semes No* 162- !
other thirty cents. If we put it all at ten cents,
1 think the tax can be collected readily. That is
what I propose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves to leconsider the vote
by which the Senate concurred m sti iking out the
following clause on page 89:
On spirits rectified, mixed with other liquors or materials,
or prepared in any wav to be t>oM as whi-ky, fifteen cents
per gallon ; to bo sold as brandy, rum, < m wine, or any
other name not otherwise ptovided for. Unity cents per
gallon on the ba?is of fust proof, and so in proportion lor
any greater strength than tha stirngth of fust proof.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that he propose to strike out the words " fifteen
cents per gallon, to be sold as," and then it will
read, 44 to be sold as whisky, brandy," &c.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to insert the word
" redistilled.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like- the idea of
going over this bill agreeing to amendments seri-
atim and then going back and reconsidering, and
taking them up again. If there is anything on
which we agreed definitely it was that redistilled
whisky should not be retaxed. A proposition
was made a while ago to relieve alcohol from the
three per cent, tax; and now it is proposed to go
back to a proposition that was one of the first
settled, and go over it again. We have the testi-
mony of many persons engaged in this business
that the tax, if imposed, will be entirely evaded,
that the only effect will be that we shall have an
inferior article, because anybody in the corner of
a little grocery may go thiough the process of
rectifying whisky at a cost of two or three cents
a gallon; and we all agreed that persons would
go into this business of rectifying in such a way
that we could not possibly reach it. We found
that it was a tax which it would be impossible
to assess, and that was one of the reasons that
were given, and it was a very strong one, why we
should raise the tax on whisky and thus get the
same amount of money as if we kept the tax on
whisky at the amount fixed in the House bill and
retained the tax on rectifying. Now, if you put
a tax of ten cents on this process, a simpie pro-
cess, which costs at the most a dollar a bairel,
the tax will be evaded. These men will not pay
five dollars to the Government for rectifying a
barrel of whisky when the whole cost of the pro-
cess is but a dollar; and it oan be done in a little
place, ten by twelve feet square, without any cap-
ital hut five dollars. A barrel of whisky, with a
little charcoal and sand and a filter, is all that is
necessary to rectify whisky; and you propose on
that process to levy a duty of five dollars a bai-
rel. It will be evaded. The question was settled
in the Committee on Finance, and I hope it will
not be reopened.
Mr. SIMMONS. I withdraw the proposition;
I do not want to get up a debate. I have another
motion to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw the motion to rcconsidcr?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir; I think it can be
better attended to in a committee of conference.
Now, I want to propose an amendment, in lieu of
the tax upon cotton, which is fixed in the bill at
half a cent a pound. I propose to fix all the dif-
ferent kinds of manufactures at a uniform rate of
three per cent., so that there shall be no difference
and no quarrel on the ground that one man is madt;
to pay twice as much as another. I think a uni-
form rate ought to be fixed. I have gone over the
section taxing manufactures, and inserted three
percent, wherever any other rate is now in the
bill. But it will take a long time to read that, and
if the Senate concurs m the proposition I am now
o-oin0* to make, those alterations can afterwards
be made at the desk. I move now to strike out
that clause which puts a duty of half a cent on
cotton. _ . .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatis notm order.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I propose a substitute
for it.
162
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatis notin order.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I propose a substitute
for the whole section.
TheVICEPRESlDENT. Thatisnotinorder.
Mr. SIMMONS. Can I not get in anything?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
agreed upon the section in the very words in which
it now stands in the bill, and there is no method
of reachingthat section, so as to amend it, in any
way but by reconsidering the vote which has
already been taken.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I move to reconsider
it, so that I may put a higher duty oil cotton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the object at the same
time, if the leconsideration is carried, is, while
putting a higher duty on cotton, to make it up by
taking the duty entirely off cotton manufactures.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; I do not propose
any such thing to make it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, partly to make it
up.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will explain why I move
to reconsider this section. As the bill now stands,
a duty of half a cent a pound is put on all cotton
raised in the United States, by which we shall get
§10,000,000 of revenue from ourselves and for-
eigners. I am going to propose to put a tax of
three quarters of a centa pound on all short cotton,
and a cent and a half a pound on all long cotton,
which will give $16,000,000 of revenue. Of these
§16,000,000, the cotton manufacturers of this coun-
try will pay $3,000,000. The three per cent, upon
the amount manufactured in this country is
§2,400,000, so that I propose that the manufac-
turers shall pay $600,000 more than they do now,
instead of making it up. But under my prop-
osition we shall get out of foreigners $5,000,000
more than we shall as the bill stands. That is
the inducement I have to change the bill, and take
§600,000 more from our manufacturers than the
three per cent, amounts to.
Besides that, I propose to get $1,000,000 from
rice and §1,000,000 from the sales of stocks at pri-
vate sale. Thus my proposition will increase the
revenue we shall derive from foreigners §5,500,000,
and on our own people about two millions more
than the bill as it stands. For the sake of getting
five or six millions from abroad, as I think hon-
estly, our manufacturers had better pay a little
more than the three per cent, amounts to, rather
than a portion of the §6,000,000 in some other
foi m. We have to raise this money in some way
or other. That being my judgment, I am will-
ing to vote for that but den on my constituents. 1
hope the Senate will reconsider this vote, and I
should think it would hardly be objected to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very obvious what
the design of this is. The Senator will not deny
that if he succeeds in this motion he will move to
strike off the duty of three per cent, on manufac-
tured cottons.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly I shall.
Mr. FESSENDEN. His idea is that we are
going to get it out of foreigners. Nothing is more
delusive. In the first place, he bases his calcula-
tions on the most prosperous years of cotton
growth and cotton exportation. Now, for the
present year, and for four or live succeeding years,
nobody can suppose that the production will lie
one half what it has been heretofore. It cannot
in the very nature of things. That alone would
strike down from the Senator's §5,000,000 esti-
mate, one half.
Mr. ANTHONY. But we have one crop oil
hand now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, we have not. A large
portion of it has been destroyed, and a larger por-
tion will be.
Mr. ANTHONY. Only a small portion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A small part may have
been destroyed now, but we do not know how
much will be. Besides, there is a stop to the
planting of cotton.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a larger crop on
hand now than ever before, making an allowance
for all that has been burnt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatis mere assertion; I
am well informed on this subject, though t can-
not say that I am able to state with certainty the
exact number of pounds. 1 am satisfied that the-
cotton crop will bo a short one for several years,
so that we shall necessarily not get a very large
amount from that item. The idea of taking tile
three per cent, off cotton manufactures for the
sake of putting a quarter of a cent a pound more
on the cotton itself, is delusive. If we reconsider
this question, we shall open the whole cotton con-
troversy and cotton manufacturing controversy
again, which has already been settled by the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sim-
mons] has been contending all along for no duty
on cotton, but since we have put a duty on, the
idea has got into his brain that he can persuade
the Senate to put a quarter of a cent more, and
strike off the duty from cotton manufactures, on
the ground that you will get more revenue in that
way, when, m fact, you will not get so much. If
he wants to tax private sales of stocks, bonds,
and other securities, that can be done without
much difficulty in a separate provision,and there
is no need of reconsidering this vote for that pur-
pose. We have gone over the cotton question
and the manufacturing question once, and fixed
them.- I really hope these continual efforts to
unfix everything will be unavailing, for we never
shall get through this bill if every item is to be
fought over and over again in this way, assum-
ing a new shape as often as the old one is found
to be unsuccessful.
Mr. SIMMONS. I supposed I mightpossibly
get the assent of the Senator from Maine to this
proposition. He has continually spoken about
my having a number of projects, and of my try-
ing to defeat the bill. He has said so almost
every time he has been up the last fortnight. The
fact is, that I have not offered a proposition till
now, and he never found out until last night but
that I had got about a quire and a half of amend-
ments ready.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me. He has been arguing here hours at a time
that we could raise more revenue off two or three
articles than we could out of this whole bill. He
made a speech on that idea, and he embodied itin
an amendment which he had printed and put on
our tables. He abandoned that afterwards, but
at any rate he submitted it. That foiled.
Mr.SIMMONS. Itdid not fail; I withdrew it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; the Senator
came to the conclusion to withdraw it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, 1 will speak
to the question, and try to confine myself to what
is before the Senate. The Senator says it is alto-
gether delusive and illusory to reckon the ordi-
nary amount of cotton raised for the basis of cal-
culation. I have not taken such a crop as there
is this year. I had it from a man who left Mo-'
bile in the month of February, that up to the time
he left there had not been a frost that killed a leaf,
and there had been more cotton picked than usual.
Anybody who knows anything about cotton^
knows that the crop depends on the length ot
time you can pick it. If a frost comes in Decem-
ber, it cuts off picking; but when the person of
whom I speak left Mobile in February, they had
not had a frost which killed a single leaf, and he
told me there were over five millions of bales raised
this year. .
The Senator says there is no knowing how
much will be destroyed. If the army which has
been over yonder at Corinth has dispersed, that
is the end of the destruction of cotton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The army does not de-
stroy the cotton.
Mr. SIMMONS. It has been destroyed by
these Hotspurs. 1 have seen the late Represent-
ative from Louisiana, Mr. Bouhgny, and he tells
mo that the destruction of cotton is a mere baga-
telle; that ail the statements about it were exag-
gerated to have an effect in the country. I think
there are over five millions of bales of cotton to
be exported witlun this year, if we can get the
portsopen. 1 admit that 1 expected a smaller crop
this year than usual, and I based my calculation
