1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
97
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
But, Mr. President, it may bo said that these
are mere arithmetical problems, built up on sup-
positions, on figures only. I propose, sir, to call
the attention of the Senate for a short lime to some
facts that have transpired in relation to the great
voluntary migrations of the human family. I shall
not dwell upon the migration of the people of
Israel to the land of Canaan, by which from three
to four millions of people were taken out at one
time from the land of Egypt, their house of bond-
age, to Palestine. My friend [Mr. Wilmot] shakes
liis head. Has he ever gone into the figures?
Mr. WILMOT. No, sir. There were about
six hundred thousand; that was all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That my friend has not
gone into the figures is very evident. I have. There
were six hundred thousand men, besides their wives \
and children.
Mr. FOSTER. Fighting men.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. " Fighting men," my hon-
orable friend from Connecticut says. Figure upon
that! There undoubtedly are not more voters in
a community under our system than there were
fighting men in Israel, and it is safe to calculate
six or seven persons to one voter upon the aver-
age; so that, if the fighting men were 600,000, mul-
tiply the number by six, and you have 3,600,000,
or by seven, and you will have 4,200,000. But,
sir, as I said, I do not propose to dwell upon that
case. It may be said, and truly said, they were
led 'out by great and miraculous events under
special superintendence of the Most High, who
appeared as a pillar of cloud by day and a pillar
of fire by night, leading them through the Red
sea, feeding them by miracles in the wilderness,
and carrying them safely through at last to the
iand of Canaan.
When I remember, however, the terrible judg-
ments upon the Egyptians for refusing to allow
the children of Israel to go out of Egypt, to their
promised land, I cannot but remember that m this
country there are two extremes of opinion, both
meeting in the same thing, the fanatical devotees
of slavery, and the par excettencc friendsof imme-
diate abolition, denouncing colonization, the most
practicable mode of removing this downtrodden
race from their house of bondage to their prom-
ised land.
But, sir, there hate been other groat migrations
mentiened in history. During the decline of the
Roman empire, its provinces were overrun by
those great swarms of emigrants from the north-
ern hives. They came not in regularly organized
armies, but as whole peoples, with their wives and
children like great overflowing floods, bearing
down the armies of the empire, and sweeping all
in their way, spreading themselves everywhere,
taking possession of whole countries and peoples,
and subjecting the old Roman citizens to the do-
minion of greater and stronger men from the north
of Europe and Asia. 1 am reminded of those mi-
grations in some respects by what we now wit-
ness going on in our own midst. We behold six
hundred thousand strong men from the northern
States overflowing into these beautiful regions.
They have e«me at the call of their country to
maintain the Union and the Constitution. They
have conic to stand side by side with the loyal
Union-loving men of the South, to fight for their
homes and their firesides, to defend them against
secession and treason and military despotism;
but I say to our friends there, I believe, as I be-
lieve in my existence, many, many, if not most,
have come to stay. They are falling in love with
your goodly lands in Maryland, Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Missouri. True to their
Anglo-Saxon instincts for land, they arc going to
take possession of them, not by force, not by de-
priving any loyai citizen of his rights, but by
peaceful purchase. When peace e.omes again
many will send for their wives and children, and
make their homes with you forever. Those who
have no wives will marry your daughters. 1 am in-
formed that in oneofthe Wisconsin regiments, sta-
tioned nearly a year in Maryland, seventy youn<£
soldiers were married to the girls of Maryland.
Surely that is " reconstructing the Union upon
lasting foundations. These men will regenerate
and redeem States like Virginia, which has fallen
into a sad decline from the fatal mistake of fol-
lowing after the new dogmas of Calhoun instead
of the ideas of Jefferson; of fostering and encour-
New Series—No. 7.
aging slavery as a blessing, instead of throwing
it oft' as a curse; of tilling her soil by half a million
of negro slaves, instead of developing all her re-
sources by the free and energetic toil of what she
might have had in their places, two millions of
free white men. Sir, she is yet to recover. Young
Virginia, already represented on this floor, hold-
ing once more the same enlarged views upon sla-
very and upon all other Questions, which were
entertained by Washington, Jefferson, and Madi-
son, by all the men of the earlier,and,ussomesay,
the better days of the Republic, by the influx of
these thousands from the North, bringing with
them the same ideas which Virginia, through her
great men, have taught them. Virginia will regen-
erate heiself, and become in one or two genera-
tions what she might have been now but for this
accursed institution. Notwithstanding what her
traitorous sons have done, notwithstanding what
her Fioyds and Masons and Hunters, following
the evil teachings of Calhoun, have done, to mis-
lead her people and carry them into this rebellion;
notwithstanding her wretched and despicable con-
dition now, for what she once was, and for what
I believe she is yet to be, I shall speak of her al-
ways with feelings of gratitude and respect. Wis-
consin was born of Virginia. Shi' was her young-
est born. But I thunk God that she was born in
the clays of her ancientgreatness; when the ideas
of Washington, Jefferson, and Madison, and not
the ideas of Calhoun and his followers, led her
councils; when Virginia loved liberty more than
she loved slavery; when Virginia, feeling the curse
of slavery upon herself, by the gieatlaw of mater-
nity stamped upon her offspring, the great North-
western Territories, her own love of iibeity and
herown hatred against slavery forever. The debt
of gratitude which Wisconsin and all the Noith-
west owes to Virginia for that great deed, but for
which the same blighting curse would now rest
upon the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, 110
language can express and no gratitude can repay.
Oh, what a change has taken place since she has
been seduced by listening to Calhoun's sugges-
tion, and said to herself—
" Slavery tlnm ait mv biennis.
From hciieefoi'tli evil In: tliou my youil."
" Oh , what a fall was theie, my countrymen !"
from Washington down to Wise! from Jeffeison
to Hunter! from Mason of the Revolution, the
grandfather, down to Mason the degenerate and
traitorous grandson ! But I will not give up Vir-
ginia yet. i believe in the resuriection. I expect
to see her rise again; to hear her speak again the
language of Washington and of Jefterson and of
Madison. I think I begin to hear it even now
sometimes- I think I shall sec her once more,
looking, hoping, praying, for emancipation, that
God in hie own good time will enable her to get
rid herself of that institution which has been a
curso and a blight upon her, which has reduced
her from her high position as the empire State of
the Union to a fourth or a fifth class State, in
power and in population.
And, sir, 1 must say that I listened with pain
to some remarks that fell from our friends on this
side of the Chamber yesterday, in addressing
themselves to the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wiixey.] When that Senator tells us
that lie has of his own moans spent more money
in emancipating slaves than I am worth three
times over; when lie tell us that by his efforts,
and the efforts of Mr. Botts, of Virginia, who now
lies in jail confined as a Union man, beccmse lie
will stand by the flag of the Union, his State was
prevented from adopting into its constitution a
clause banishing forevei or teenslavmg the whole
free colored population of that State; when lie
tells us that, and says that he is willing to sacri-
fice all he has, even life itself, for the Union and
the Constitution, I am pained to hear Senators
address him in any other language than that of
kindness and respect. Sir, if he differs from me
in some views on slavery oranything else, so long
as his heart beats true to the flag, and his foot
keeps step to the music of the Union; so long as
he has given evidence of his devotion to the cause
of emancipation by great self-sacrifice; so long as
he has stood up in his own State, where it required
both physical and moral courage to stand up, for
the truth and for the rights of this poor oppressed
race, I will honor him, and I will give fiim the
hand of friendship, and tell him, thank God, and
take courage, better times are coming to us and
to the Republic. Sir, beyond this storm of war,
and all the blood and agony and tears it brings,
I see the dawning of a better day rising upon this
Republic. We arc to be restored to tlie good old
ideas and good old ways of the fathers who
achieved our liberties, founded our Government,
and administered it with such success for three
generations.
But, Mr. President, I beg pardon for this di-
gression, into which I have been drawn unexpect-
edly to myself. I will return at once to the ques-
tion, for I desire this day to deal in nothing but
facts and figures.
Sir, I pass over the great migration of the chil-
dicn of Israel to Palestine—1 dwell no longer upon
the gieat migrations of the northern barbarians
when they overran the Roman empire—I come
down to our own time, to what we have seen m
our own day and generation. Take for instance
the migrations from Great Britain, with a popu-
lation of 28,000,000. In the ten years, from 1847
to 1856, inclusive, 2,800,000 persons migrated from
Great Ijntain and Ireland, none of them on voy-
ages shorter than that across the broad expanse
of the stormy Atlantic, many of them to the south-
ern extremity of Afiica—the utmost verge of the
real or fabled circumnavigation of Ilanno—and
still more, over a distance equal to two thirds of
the circuit of the globe, to the antipodal regions
of Australasia. This emigration from a popula-
tion averaging28,000,000, during the term of their
movement, would only be equaled, proportional
numbers being taken into the account, by an emi-
gration fiom this country of 3,700,000 during the
ten years to come, in the eight years, from 1847
to 1854, inclusive, this migiation ftom Great Brit-
ain and Iieland, numbered 2,444,800 persons,
which is at a iafe still more rapid.
I call special attention to 1 he ease of Ireland, the
green isle of Erin. The total! rish emigration for
the six years, from 38$7 to 1852, inclusive, was
1,313,220. (Tlmteenth Geneial lleporl of Hntixh
Contmissioneis of Emigration.) In 1W54, it was
150,209. Assuming for 1853 an emigration of
187,003, which is the mean of the emigration for
the years 1652 and 1854, we have for the n ht
years, from 1847 to 1854, inclusive, a total emigra-
tion of 1,681,359. Taking the average population
of Ireland from 1847 to 1854, at the 6,500,000 ot
the census of 1851, the emigration in that period
of ciii'ht years was more than one fourth of the
population. A proportional emigration from the
United States for eight years to come would be
9,000,000. And the American people are a rich,
commercial,and navigating people, while thu Irish
were poor to a proverb, and so little of a naviga-
ting people, that the bulk of their emigrants were
absolutely obliged to make one voyage across the
Irish channel, at least half as much of an under-
taking as it would be to go from New Orleans
across the Gulf, to find a pot I affording the neces-
sary facilities for their final exodus.
This case of lush emigration from 1847 to 1854,
which includes the period of a too well remem-
boied famine, is an extreme one; but it is always
extreme cases which show what js possible to be
done. And if the case is extreme, so it proves
altogether more than is necessary to be proved in
the matter on hand, as nobody supposes that it
can be necessary or desirable to colonize the whole
of our colored population in eight years, if at all;
and if it was, the Irish example shows that we
could colonize within that term twice as many col-
ored people as we actually have, slave and liee.
But again, sir, here is a problem to which I
should ask the Senator's attention if lie were here
at the blackboard. Here is a problem in the rule
of three. If 6,500,000 poor people, not a navi-
gating; people, can emigrate—for voluntary coloni-
lation is tniu-raUou-1,600,000, three thousand
miles across the Atlantic in eight years, how many
could 30,000,00u of people emigrate but six hun-
dred or one thousand miles in the same time .
Mr. COWAN. That is the double rule of three.
[Laughter.! . ,
Mi\ DOOLITTLE. So it is. It involves both
time and distance as well as POP"]"''*?11; „
Again, sir, from September 30,184J, to Decem-
ber 31, 1856, there arrived m the United btates
frotu foreign countries, 3,635,461) persons, Grei-
