98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
3?th Ooxg....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. Dooliille.
Senate.
many beingthe principal contributor next after the
British empire to this vast immigration. In thir-
teen years, therefore, by the voluntary emigration
mainlyofthepoorandoppressed people of Europe
of our own race to the united States, we have
received a population almost equal to the whole
number of slaves within the United States.
Mr. FOSTER. And they came in sailing ships.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. As my honorable friend
remarks, they came in sailing: ships, too.
Mr. President, I have another problem. It is
estimated that ten limes the present number ofall
the slaves in the United States have been stolen
from Africa and brought to the continent of Amer-
ica to be sold as slaves; yes, sir, 40,000,000 ; ten
times the present number of all the slaves in the
UnitcdStates. The Encyclopaedia Americamxsays
that the number of negroes brought by the slave
trade has been " calculated to amount during the
last three centuries to above 40,000,000." Can-
not the annual increase of5)3,500, the rate in which
they increase as slaves, or 40,000, the rate at which
they meivnse in tin- condition offivedom, emigrate
from the United Statosif they are willingand desire
to go, and that too, not across the Atlantic, but just
across the Gulf of Mexico, or into the island's in
the Gulf or the Caribbean sea? All these figures
demonstrate with mathematical certainty the ease
with which any amount of colonization of our col-
ored people, which can be considered to be neces-
saiy in order to render emancipation safe and ac-
ceptable, can be managed. The fullness of time
has arrived, in our numbers, in our abounding
wealth, in the vast improvements in the safety,
cheapness, and comfort with which seas aio trav-
ersed, and finally in the various choice of regions
to which the colored race may be deported. The
longest voyage is buck to that comment from
which ten times as many as we have now m this
country have been dragged by violence, while
available and substantially unoccupied areas, in
close proximity to us, already invite this species
of immigration.
The question now arises,
how pah 13 colonization dkslllable?
It is not to be expected that the whole of this
population is suddenly or perhaps ever to be col-
onized out of the United States*, no man ever
dreamed of such a thing. But if a number equal
to the annual increase, and a little more, could be
colonized <u* induced to emigrate to a country fat*
better (or themselves than to remain here, so that
tif people o/ (lie s/ave States nIkiII see the amount
of this population diminishing instead of increas-
ing, and their white population increasing and not
diminishing, they will become satisfied to have
emancipation begin m their States. It will be in
their estimation no longer an impossible nor an
improbable thing, oven m the slave Slates where
the most slave* exist. The idea, the hope of col-
onization, therefore, will aid emancipation in all
the slave States.
Mr. President, for myself, I favor emancipation
wherever I have constitutional power, because it
will give freedom to this race, Besides, sir, eman-
cipation will aid colonization. They will practi-
cally aid and sustain each other, and therefore I
favor both. Out I urge upon my friends who
do.s-jre t<i scr vmniirtp.Uiau to favor colonization,
because I believe that ideais necessary in orderto
allow nn emancipation paity to arise and sustain
lUelfaniong the people of the States where slavery
now exists. 1 hey tell me, sir, the Senator from
Virginia, the Senator from Kentucky, every Sen-
atoi coming from these States, and every man,
woman, and child who comes from these States,
tells me that it is uttcrfy impossible for them to
talk of emancipation within any slave State with-
out connecting with it the idea of colonization.
Can there be a party and nobody belong to
When nil the people residing in those States toll
us that it is an absolute necessity in order to ^et
their people—I do not mean the rebels, but The
Union-loving people who aie pouring out their
blood like water to defend the Union and the Con-
stitution to consider the question of emancipa-
tion of slaves, or take hold of that question, or act
upon it, or even speak of it, that they connect
with it the idea of colonization; shall we not allow
them to do so? That is the question.
I should rejoice in my whole soul to see both.
There never has been an hour in my life when on
this subject of human slavery all there is manly
within me did not rise against it; when every
power placed in my hands constitutionally I would
not be willing to exercise in order to do away with
itevery where throughout the whole earth. Every-
where I would give universal liberty to universal
man. But I believe that these questions of emanci-
pation and colonization are so connected together
in those States where slavery now exists, that it
is next to impossible for the friends of emancipa-
tion there to get a hearing by the people of those
States, much less to proceed with emancipation,
without discussing and carrying forward at the
same time a system of generous colonization of
the emancipated people to some country beyond
the jurisdiction of the United States.
it is good economy
to plant colonies.
' It is not necessary to expend any very largo
sums of money, especially in the initiation of this
policy. I will say that one half the amount we
annually expend m taking care of the Indians—
the Indian appropriation bill now pending pro-
poses to appropriate $1,700,000, and the additional
estimates of the Secretary of the Interior are about
§1,500,000 more, making in all $3,200,000—the
expenditure of one half the amount which we
make for the Indian race would open the way and
organize a system. It would lay the foundations
for a great, free, voluntary, and, in great measure,
a self-sustainingcolonization for these people from
this country, winch would take them to countries
better adapted to them, to which they will go by
hundreds of thousands, for the same reason that
the Irish and the Germans and other people of
Europe come to the United States—to seek a bet-
ter homo, where they can make more money and
enjoy better privileges and make more rapid ad-
vancement for themselves and for their children.
Besides, Mr. President, looking at this as an
economical question, it is not only not necessary
to expend any very large sums of money, but I
think I could show that even a large amount ex-
pended in this way might be made to subserve the
agricultural, commercial, and manufacturing in-
terests of the couiHty. The judicious expenditure
of one, two, three, or five millions of dollars by
the Government of the United States in planting
colonies all along the Gulf of Mexico and the Ca-
ribbean sea, m Vera Cruz, Guatemala, Nicaragua,
Honduras, the Balizc, Venezuela, as well as in
Hayti and San Domingo, and all the islands of
the Gulf and the Caribbean sea, would be a great
and valuable investment, biinging rich returns to
the people of the United States in the commerce
it would build up there. Our commerce with the
single republic of Ifayti now stands, I believe,
twenty-first in the whole list of our commercial
relations with the civilized Powers of the earth.
The republic of Hayti offers to these people, if
they are unable to pay the expense of their own
emigration, to bear that expense for them; and it
offers to give them employment, and offers to give
them homesteads; over two thousand have ac-
ceptcd these offers, and have voluntarily, upon
their own account, gone there. San Domingo
alone, it is estimated, is capable, if it should be
populated as the island of Barbadoes is, of holding
thirty millions of these peonle. There is no mis-
take about it. If my frienu who shakes his head
in doubt [Mr. Wilmot] will go to the figures he
will see it. f shall not take time now to go to the
blackboard again, but if he will cipher it out he
will find it so. If the island of San Domingo was
no more thickly populated than is Porto Rico to
the squaie mile, it would take the whole of our
present colored population.
But, sir, that island is but a speck on the map
compared with those immense regions waitingfor
them, and which it would seem as if the Almighty
had reserved for them. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to some facts bearing on this,
for my attention, perhaps, has been more drawn
to it than that of some other Senators. Takedown
the map. Here is Mexico, which stands ready to
form a treaty with us to-day, by which she will
give homesteads in any of her States to these peo-
ple, lf^thoy will go there. Down the coast, near
lampico, they have gone out from New Orleans,
on their own account, and have built up a flour-
ishing colony. See, there lies Yucatan, which
comes up as a peninsula right into the Gulf of
Mexico. There is the small island of Cozumel,
about twenty miles square, which we could prob-
ably purchase, make it a coaling station for the
United States and a good harbor for us, and a
depot for carrying out a system of colonization in
the Mexican States. Mexico is capable of receiv-
ing, and willing to receive, any amount of this
population. Besides, sir, coming nearer home,
right adjoining Texas there lies Tamaulipas. As
the rebels recede before our ad vancing armies, they
may flee with many of their slaves into Texas,
perhaps. From Texas they have only to cross a
river to get into Mexico.
Look along down the Gulf. Vera Cruz has
nearly six hundred miles of coast where the col-
ony below Tamnico, to which I have referred, al-
ready exists. Then there is Tehuantepec, with
a hundred miles of coast and a route across from
the Gulf to the Pacific ocean. Then there is Ta-
basco, with two hundred miles of coast; Yucatan,
with probably moie than one thousand; Balize,
Guatemala, with five hundred miles of coast and
the beautiful Gulf of Honduras. I beg to say in
relation to Guatemala, that the president of that
State offers to give his own hacienda to these peo-
ple if they go there, and further, pledges his in-
lluence for legislation in their favor, giving home-
steads to all who choose to go there, in a country
where the cotton plant is almost perennial, and to
which no country on the face of the earth is su-
perior in the production of coffee, sugar, cotton,
cochineal, and the other valuable tropical produc-
tions. Then there are Honduras and the Bay Isl-
ands, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and New Granada,
including the provinces of Chiriqui, Veraguas,
Carthagena, Santa Martha, and Rio Hacha.
There, too, is the beautiful valley of the Magda-
lena river, just across the Gulf of Mexico, invit-
ing these people to come to its bosom by millions
upon millions, capable of sustaining them and giv-
ing them successful employment. There is Ve-
nezuela, too, with a thousand miles of coast below
the Caribbean sea. I saw the other day our min-
ister lately returned from Venezuela, I conversed
with him in relation to that country, and on this
very subject. He informed me that for a thou-
sand miles on that coast is a rich and fertile coun-
try, indented with beautiful bays and harbors, and
capable of producing, in coffee, cotton, and sugar,
more than almost any other country in the world.
It stands to-day, I believe, only fourth in the pro-
duction of coffee.
Mr. President, some would force on at once the
emancipation of this whole population, and at the
same time and in the same breath scout all ideas
of aiding them in colonization or emigration. Upon
the other hand, there are others who would force
the colonization of every free negro from the slave
States, and who scout all attempts even to con-
sider the question of emancipation at all. I have
no sympathy with the idea of banishing any peo-
ple; but I do favor the ideas both of emancipation
and colonization. Each will aid the other, and
each is to the other the best practical ineuns to aid
it. Sir, I would inscribe high upon the banner
which 1 would follow, " aggjierous homestead policy
for both races, black and white. Homesteads for
free white men in all the temperate territories of
the United States homesteads for free colored men
in the tropics and the islands of the Gulf of Mex-
ico and the Caribbean sea." I would, by treaty
arrangements with those States, endeavor to build
up, as we could very easily do, free commercial
relations, placing upon the manufacturesand pro-
ductions which we export to those countries but
light duties, obtaining, perhaps, in consideration
ot the aid we give them, by planting colonies of out
people among them, a provision that for a given
number of years, say five years or ton years, col-
onists from this country should be permitted to
receive from the United States, free of all duties, all
our productions and our manufactures, thus lay-
ing the foundations for another market for all the
productions of the Mississippi valley and the man-
ufactures of the East, in exchange for the sugar
and coffee of those countries.
Such a commerce, once begun, would of itself
make the colonization of this people free, volun-
tary, and self-sustaining. Our ships would go
loaded with emigrants, and return loaded with
