1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Cranch9 110,) has been cited as expressly decid-
ing that Congress has power to pass a confisca-
tion bill, i submit, with great respect, that it de-
cides no such thing*. The only point derided in
the case was that British property found in the
United States on land at the commencement of in-
ternational hostilities (war of 1812) could not be
condemned as enemy's property without an act
of Congress for tjiat purpose. The court dealing
with a question arising under war with a foreign
nation had no occasion to consider the powers or
duties of Congress in the case of rebellion. The
discussions of the court recognize a distinction be-
tween the right of the sovereign to take the per-
sons and confiscate the property of the enemy
wherever found, and the mitigations of the rule
which the humane usages of modern times have
introduced. With all my reverence for the great
magistrate who delivered the opinion of the court,
I must be permitted to say that usage is itself
the principal source of the law of nations, and that
these humane usages have become the rules of war
in Christian States. The law of nations, says
Bynkershoek, is only a presumption founded on
usage. (Deforo legalorum, chap. 18, sec. 6.)
It is suggested that if the confiscation of private
property violated the law of nations the courts
could not overrule the interpretation of that law
by the political department of the Government,
and that no other power could intervene. Possi-
bly this may be so; but surely it is not intended
that wo shall violate the law of nations in dealing
with our subjects, because there is no appeal or
redress for the subject. It is in the exercise of
inesponsible power that the nicest sense of jus-
tice and the greatest caution and forbearance are
demanded. In suppressing a rebellion so atro-
cious, marked by such fury and hate against a
Government felt only in its blessings, forbearance
sometimes seems to us weakness, and vengeance
the noblest of virtues. But m our calmer mo-
ments we hear the Divine voice, " vengeance is
mine; I will repay."
1 conclude what I have to say upon this branch
of the subject with the remark that, m substance
and effect, the bills before the House seek the per-
manent forfeiture and confiscation of property,
real and personal, without the trial of the offender.
1 am unable to see how under the Constitution
that result can be reached.
The temporary use of property in districts under
military occupation) and of estates abandoned by
their owners,rests upon distinct principles which
it is not now necessary to consider. We have
only to remark, in passing, that the use of such
property and the rule in such districts can he pro-
visional only, waiting the regular action of the
State governments, and m no way impairing then-
permanent powers. Upon this subject I intend
at some future day to trouble the House with a
few suggestions.
I proceed to the question of the deepest interest
involved in this discussion, the emancipation of
slaves in the "seceding States." There is no
subject on which our feelings are so likely to
warp our judgment) in which calmness is so neces-
sary and so difficult, and declamation so easy or so
useless. The general principles stated in relation
to the power and duty of Congress as to confisca-
tion are applicable to the subject of emancipation.
On the question of policy the plausible and at-
tractive*aigument is that the only effectual way to
suppress rebellion is to remove its cause. The
position when thoroughly probed is, not that the
national Government has not the power to put
down the lebellion without resort to emancipation,
but that the continued existence of slavery is in-
compatible with the future safety of the Republic.
This plainly is not a question of present military
necessity, but one affecting the permanent struc-
ture of the Government, and involving material
changes in the Constitution. This can be done
in one of two ways. In the method the Constitu-
tion points out, or by successful revolution on the
part of the free States and the entire subjugation
of the slave States. No man can foiesee to-day
what policy a severe and protracted struggle may
rcnd§£ necessary. It is sufficient to say that into
such a war of conquest and extermination the
people of the United States have no present dispo-
sition to enter. They have too thorough a con-
viction of the capacity of the Government to sub-
due the rebellion by the means the Constitution
sanctions to be desirous of looking beyond its pale.
Upon the legalaspectof the question, it may be
stated as a general proposition, that Congress in
time of peace has no power over slavery in the
States. By that is meant the institution itself; for
the national Government may, in my judgment,
forfeit the right of the master in the labor of the
slave as a penalty for crime of which the master
shall be convicted. And when so forfeited,it may
dispose of the right as it sees fit. Nor is there any
intrinsic difficulty in the use of this species of
property under the right of eminent domain. If
tho Government were constructing a fort or dig-
ging an intrenchment, it might hire this species
of labor, or, if necessary, take it, as it might other
labor orproperty, giving reasonable compensation
therefor.
The provision as to the return of fugitives from
service cannot be deemed an exception to the gen-
eral rule before stated; for the provision applies
to escapes from one State into another, and not to
escapes within the States. Of which we may re-
mark, in passing, that, as to the former class, the
power of the Government is strictly civil, to be
executed by judicial process; and that as to the
latter, the national Government in time of war or
peace has no concern.
Nor would an act of the national Government
liberating the slaves within a State, having the
consent of the State, and providing compensation
for the masters militate with the rule. Conventio
vincit legem. The consent of the State would
relieve the difficulty.
"But the question arises, how far the existence
of the rebellion confers upon Congress any new
power over the relation of master and slave.
Strictly speaking, no new power is conferred upon
any department of the Government by war or re-
bellion, but it may have powers to be used in those
exigencies which are dormant in time of peace.
Such, for examples, arc the power to call out the
militia, (art. l,sec. 8;) to try by martial law cases
arising in the militia, (Amendments, 5;) to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, (art. 1, sec. 9;) to
quarter troops in private houses, (Amendments,
3.) But when the national Government is called
to the stem duty of repressing insurrection or
repelling invasion, may not new power over the
relation of master and slave be brought into ac-
tion ? Such, I think, is the result.
A plain case is presented by slaves employedin
the military and naval service of the icbels. If
capfuied, they may be set fioe.
The Government may refuse to return a slave
to a master who has been engaged in the rebellion
or suffered ihe slave to be employed in it.
It may requite the services of all persons sub-
ject to its jurisdiction by lesiding upon its tei ri-
tory, when the exigency arises, to aid in executing
the laws, in repressing insurrection or repelling
invasion. This right is, m my judgment, para-
mount to any claim of the'master to his labor
under the local law. There might be a question
of the duty of the slave to obey, but the will of the
master could not intervene. His claim, if any,
would be a reasonable compensation for the labor
of his slave.
Rut though the power may exist, there is, with
prudent and humane men, no desire to use it.
Nothing but the direst extremity would excuse the
use of a power fraught with so great perils to both
races; and the glorious tiiumphs of our arms,
evincing our capacity to subdue the rebellion with-
out departure from the usages of civilized warfai e,
have indefinitely postponed the question.
There is one other exigency m which the rela-
tion of masterand slave mustgiveway to military
necessity. If the commander of a military district
shall find that the slaves within it, by the strength
they give to their rebellious masters—by bearing
arms, or doing other military service, or acting as
the servants of those who do—obstruct lus efforts
to subdue the rebellion, he may deprive the enemy
of this force, and may remove the obstruction by
giving freedom to the slaves. This, it is apparent,
is not a civil or legislative, but a strictly military
right and power, springing from the exigency, and
measured and limited by it, to be used for the sub-
duing of the enemy., and for no ulterior purpose.
If ihe Commander-in-Chief and the generals un-
der him shall observe faithfully this distinction,
the use of the power ought to be no just ground
of complaint. If, m consequence of the protrac-
tion of the war, the effect of the use of this power
should be to put an end to slavery in any of the
States, or to weaken and impair its force, we may
justly thank God for bringing good out of evil.
In my judgment, it would be impracticable for
the Legislature, even if it had the power, to antici-
pate by any general statute the exigencies, or pre-
scribe the rules for the exercise of this power. The
Legislature and the people will be content to leave
the matter to tho sound discretion and sound pa-
triotism of the magistrate selected to execute the
laws.
To avoid misconstruction,I desire to say that
the power of Congress overslaveryin thisDistrict
is absolute; that no limitation exists in the letter
or spirit of the Constitution or the acts of cession.
All that is requisite for abolishing slavery here is
just compensation to the master. Equally abso-
lute, in my judgment, is the power of Congress
over slavery in the Territories.
Mr. Chairman, in a letter to a friend, published
on the first day of the last year, I ventured to say
that secession should be resisted to the last extrem-
ity, by force of arms; that it cost us seven years
of war to secure this Government, and that seven
years, if need be, would be wisely spent in the
struggle to maintain it; that for this country there
was no reasonable hope of peace but within the
pale of the Constitution and in obedience to its
mandates. The progress of events has served
only to deepen those convictions. They are as
firmly rooted as my trust in God and His provi-
dence. Who ever else may falter, I must stand
by the Constitution I have sworn to support. I
am not wise enough to build a better. I am not
rash enough to experiment upon a nation's life.
There is, to me, no hope of " one country" but in
thissystem of many States and one nation, work-
ing in their respective spheres as if the divine hand
had molded and set them in motion. To this sys-
tem the integrity of the States is as essential as
that of the central power. Their life is one life.
A consolidated government for this vast country
would be essentially a despotic government, dem-
ocratic in name, but kept buoyant by corruption
and efficient by the sword.
Desiring the extinction of slavery with my
whole mind and heart, I watch the working of
events with devout gratitude and with patience.
The last year has done the work of a generation.
By no rash act of ours, much less any radical
change in the Constitution, shall wc hasten the
desired result. If in the pursuit of objects how-
ever humane, if beguiled by the flatteries of hope
or of shallow self-conceit, if impelled by our ha-
tred of treason and desire of vengeance or retribu-
tion, if seduced by the " insidious wiles of foreign
influence," we yield to such change, we shall
destroy the best hope of freeman and slave, and
the best hope of humanity this side the grave.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, some weeks since
I introduced certain resolutions respecting mari-
time rights. They were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. Thatcommittee liavedirected
me to report them back to the House, somewhat
amended. The consideration of the tax bill has
prevented my presentation of them hitherto. I
now seize this occasion of general debate to give
an exposition of these resolutions, that members
may consider them before voting.
These resolutions reassert the American doc-
trine in favor of neutral rights, and for the protec-
tion of private property on the sea. It has been
the pt ivilege of this Government, ever since its ex-
istence, to champion the equality of rights upon
the sea. Against force and tradition, kingcraft and
aristocracy, we have asserted by our institutions
democracy upon the earth. Against force, tradi-
tion, and pretension, we have asserted democracy
upon the sea. Not more dear to the American
honor is the equality of right among our citizens
under the Constitution than is the equality of
right of our ships and property under our flag
upon the ocean. There is no time unseasonable
for its assertion. In the midst of our Revolution
it was a theme of interest to our statesmen, and
in the present troubles of our country it deserves
a prominent place in our thoughts. In a debate
in the English House of Commons, on the 17th of
March, Mr. Disraeli said that the question of
maritime rights was the most important question
that could engage the attention of an English icgis-
i! lalure, as it affected seriously the naval strength
; of that country. Butfor the overwhelming neces-
;i sily created by the rebellion here, the same might
■ \ be asserted* with even more force with regard to
