596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
—and I repeat the question here for a future an-
swer—whether lie believed that any one of the
hundred thousand soldiers of Pennsylvania-would
prove false to his oath and loyalty if the result of
this warwouhl be to give some poor mother the
ownershipofherown babe,or whether he believed
that the people of Pennsylvania would repudiate
the war if one of its results should be to give signifi-
cance to the words parent, child, family, home, and
country to some poor men whose Saxon fathers'
spirit chafes under the servitude their darker skin
entails upon them?
Sir, who on this froor has intimated that this
war should be converted into a war of emancipa-
tion ? Who on this floor has suggested any other
object for it than the crushing out of this rebel-
lion ? Men have differed as to the means of crush-
ing it out; but no man, not even my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] about whom so much is
often said, has suggested any other object for this
war than the crushing out of rebellion. We have
all said, as the President understands, that the way
to do it is to deprive the enemy of their resources,
and to bring—as the commanders of the army and
fleet at Port Royal have done—the services of
every loyal man to the standard of his country,
although his skin should not be colored like our
own. My colleague misrepresented grossly the
majority on thisiloor when, by innuendo or asser-
tion, he sent to the country the impression that
we are endeavoring to convert the war into a war
for emancipation. He said:
"Gentlemen have gone so far—I do not stop to inqmie
whether or not they are in this House—upon this question
of necro" slaveiy, that if the question were put to them,
whom will you have delivered to you to-day? tbey would
say,' Barrabas, the negro; crucify the white man.'
That is the suggestion of an impious fancy used
for the slander of a body of honorable men. No
man on this floor has uttered a sentence from
which such 011 inference could be drawn. But,
sir, after all this, what becomes of the gentleman's
theory? Why, sir, under the probing of half a
dozen gentlemen, it leaksout reluctantly from him
that he, too, is in favor of confiscating the property
of rebels. 1 do not know whether there was joy in
heaven over the conversion of that sinner; bur I
know that a thrill of delight went through this
House at finding the gentleman ready to come
squarely and steadily into the support of what the
President has been doing, and m support of the
view which seems to control a majority of this
House.
The honorable gentleman from New Yoi-k [Mr.
Diven] took a hand m this matter also. lie told
us what he need not have done, for we all knew
it, that he was a 44 modest young man, and easily
disconcerted." We saw also that he was under
the fascination of some maiden, strong-minded or
otherwise. He dealt gently with us. [ will not
recapitulate the gentleman's remark*, at this time,
for two reasons: artists tell us that an unfinished
picture should not be judged; and the gentleman
promises the conclusion of his address hereafter.
It was very clear that he was not exercising his
full force. He dealt none of the bolts of Jove at
us. lie did not even puncture us with arrows
from Cupid's quiver, which he evidently had at
command about that time. lie gave us an illus-
tration of Ilercules jn the hands of Omphale. 1 te
played gently with her distalT. The blows he
struck us were with the most delicately-tinted and
perfumed flowers from the parterre of the fair
Anna Ella. When he comes to the more masculine
portion of his argument, I will seek an opportu-
nity to consider it.
Sir,brief timeis leftme,and 1 hasten to the point
of the Africanization of American society and
American labor. I have said that we are not the
advocates of reopening the slave trade; that we are
not the advocates of extending the colored insti-
tution through the whole free ^Territories of the
country; that we are in favor of opening meons
by whieh colored men can leave our country and
find a happier home. Sir, nature works by in-
variable laws. It is by no freak of nature that
the hgiit of day paints the likeness of our loved
ones, it is by no such freak that the wire beats
the message of joy or woe over land or under
water. lie who traverses our continent finds on
the Pacific slope of the Reeky mountains the
grandest arboriferous vegetation of the woikt.
On the eastern slope, divided by a narrow strip,
which produces jtq oe thr cJoud^. you lose
all arboriferous vegetation. You find only the
red sage; you find nothing larger growing there.
The same skies arc over; the same God watches;
but He works through the same wise laws, and
teaches men to look to Him through nature for
guidance. On the Pacific slope the earth is re-
freshed by ninety inches of rain each year, while
on the east but five fall. The negro is the crea-
ture of the tropics. Submit him to the guidance
rofliis own instincts and volition, and he will find
his way to the tropics, or lands lying near them.
The crudest monument of " man's inhumanity to
man" that I can point to to-day is that negro col-
ony of fifty thousand American negroes livingin
the cold wilds of Canada. As well might you ex-
pect the tree of the Pacific slope to thrive in the
region of the sage, or the sage to thrive under its
broad shadow, and with ninety inches of rain
falling in the year. The negroes will wilt, and
dwindle, and die prematurely there.
We know, the gentleman knows, and those
with whom he votes—who give kind words and
hard blows to the Administration—know that it
and its real friends on this floor are in favor of
the recognition of the republicofLiberia, ofgiving
toHayti commercial relations,of procuring within
our own tropics lands where the negro, made free
' by the crimes of his master, may go and dwell as
nature intended him to. This the President rec-
ommends, and all this the majority on this floor
intend to consummate. We are for giving the
Saxon, the Celt—the Caucasian family—that por-
tion of this continent which was intended for
them. They who misrepresent us are for infusing
black blood into the veins of the country. Sir,
this opens a wide field for discussion. I care not
now to enter into it. The hammer will soon fall.
The President whom we support honestly—con-
servatively or fanatically—but whom we support,
recommends us to pursue what has long been
the object of those with whom he has labored
politically for years. I would allude to Liberia
at the present time only far enough to show that
it refutes the theory of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Wadswortii,] that the negro's only
idea of freedom is rehet from labor. There, upon
the western coast of Africa, where the white man
cannot live, we have sent ten thousand fieed bond-
men, or the descendants of such. And what have
they done? Performed a miracle. They have
created cities, towns, schools, universities, and
churches. They have assimilated, civilized, and
christianized those ten thousand poor, illiterate
freed slaves, and the descendants of such have
civilized and christianized two hundred thousand
heathen semi-barbarians.
In view of this fact only, will you tell me that
God created negroes alone to be trampled upon
by anothei iace,and treated as soulless cattle?
It it b*.- true that there are parts of our own coun-
try in which the white man cannot live; if it be
so, then I say plant the negro there. Rice is
wanted, enfton is wanted, tobacco, and all trop-
ical a.'d semi-tiopieal productions are wanted.
"The laborer is worthy of his hire," and "thou
shah not muzzle the ox thattreadeth out the corn."
And if it be true that there are parts of our coun-
try 111 which the black man alone can live and la-
bor, 111 God's name, if you wantpeaceand justice,
give it to him; but at any rate, let us stand by the
Administration, and by Piesident Lincoln, who
knows that—
k! Tendei handed touch a nettle.
And it pi irks you for your pams ,
Gra^p it like a man of mettle,
And it soft as silk lemains."
Let us give him all the means, all the arms, and
all the men he calls for, and trust Jlim to diive his
generals onward.
I Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNLAP. Tin j custom has long prevailed,
I believe, m this body, that when in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, all matters
of general interest, touching the welfare of the
j nation, w<?re subjects of consideration. I should
| feel that I was trampling upon that long-estab-
| Hshed usage if I did not m my place to-day laise
: my voice in behalf of that Government which in
! the past has been my shield and my protection,
| and mv only hope in the future. In what I say
I here 1 know 1 shall differ from many who have
j preci ded me upon the great topics winch now dis-
| turo ttie public mind. My convictions, however,
I are the resuJ t of past thought, and will be presented
with a consciousness of the rectitude of the motives
which impel them. In this perilous struggle for
a nation's integrity, the patriotic heart should be
stimulated by thought, which is the motive power
of action, that just conclusions may be formed.
I purpose to say to gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me, and in the hearing of those who may
follow me, that I differ widely with them when
they intimate and declare upon this floor that Sla-
very was the cause of this rebellion. It may be a
bold assumptionand abold assertion,butl assume
it; and I intend to present my views connected
with itfor the purpose of showing that I am right,
and that, although it may have been one of the
ulterior considerations which entered into the
bosoms or the hearts of those who did open this
rebellious warfare, still I insist it was not the prox-
imate and immediate, cause of the rebellion. Sir,
I attribute it to that ungovernable, uncontrollable,
and insatiable thirst for power which has ever
stimulated the human heart and guided the action
of men throughout this whole country. Never,
since the organization of this Government, have
we had, until the present incumbent took his seat,
a President who either did not spring from a south-
ern State, or from a northern State entertaining
southern principles, as a basis of action which
governed him in the distribution of power and
patronage. During all that time, men from the
southern States have occupied high places: in
Cabinet councils, in foreign diplomacy; and en
joyed all "the rich emoluments of office, as well as
northern men, and no complaint was ever uttered.
Am I right in this assertion ? Let me recite a his-
toric fact, in which you will all agree: early after
the organization of the Government of the united
States, all that territory northwest of the Ohio
river was ceded to and received by the Govern-
ment as free territory, in which slavery could not
be admitted or recognized. During the contin-
uance of territorial pupilage, State after State was
admitted into the Union with a constitution repub-
lican in form of government, until in 1858 the last,
Minnesota, was received.
In 1820, it is known, the line of 36° 30' north
latitude was established by congressional legisla-
tion, north of which slavery was not recognized,
but absolutely forbidden. That state of things
continued until the year 1850. Then when the
Government was struggling for that principle
whicft ought to control the action of every citizen
of the Union; then when the heart of the nation
was pulsating* as the heart of one individual—then
it was that party feeling and party strife yielded
to patriotism, and all united to save the Union.
The act of 1820 was virtually repealed by the com-
promise of 1850, and subsequently by the act of
1854, known as the Kansas-Nebraska act.
In 1848, Oregon Territory was organized, with
the Wilmot proviso attached; which was neither
more nor less than a prohibition of slavery within
its borders. Thus it remained until 1859, when
Oregon was admitted into the Union as a State,
During the further legislation of that year, the Ter-
ritories of Nevada, Colorado, and Dakota (includ-
ing and embracing the vast territory owned by the
United States) were organized under territorial
forms of government, embracing the principle of
equality to North, South, East, and West. Into
those Territories to-day,and since 1859, the south-
ern man has as much right as the northern man,
to take his property, subject to territorial It filia-
tion, without congressional intervention. Slaves
can be taken there as other property. Never, until
1859, by any legislation of this country, was that
equality of southern men with northern men con-
ceded. Since that time this principle of equality
has prevailed.
Mr. Chairman, during that whole period, from
1787, when our Constitution was framed, tip to
1859, this restriction was made upon southern
rights; and during all that time, J ask gentle-
men, did we have any rebellion? Was there any
insurrection in this Government> It was threat-
ened, but it was stayed. But, sir, when equality
was recognized by legislation; when the rights of
southern men were as much protected as the rights
of northern men; when the property of southern
men was placed under the same rule of action as
the property ofnorthern men—then, and not ^ntil
then, did we have rebellion in this great and good
Government. Why was it? Did this rebellion
spring from the masses? I put the question di-
rectly, Did you hear throughout the southern
