1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2579
such notice as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall prescribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 30, line four of sec-
tion twenty-five, I propose to strikeout the word
" principal," which ought not,to be there, clearly.
It reads, " the principal assessors." There is no
such olHccr. It should ho " the assessors."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 30, line six of the
same section, I move to strike out the words
" allowed creditfbr,"and insert44 credited with."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On the same page, lines ten
and eleven of the section," i move to strikeout
the words " subsequent to the date of the assess-
ment, and;" so as to read, "and also for the
duties or taxes of such persons as may have
absconded, or become insolvent, prior to the
day," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 51}lines twenty-four,
twenty-five, and twenty-six, of section forty-
eight, there is a sentence that is wholly unmean-
ing. I propose to strike out " or for such por-
tion thereof as may have elapsed from the day of
such entry to said day which shall next ensue."
The provision is perfect without these words.
They only tend to confusion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 54, line nine of section
fifty-three, I move to strike out the word " per-
petual" before "lien."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On the next page, line thirteen
of the same section, I move to strike out " until
the same shall have been paid."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that had better
not be stricken out.
Mr. HARRIS. You do not want the Hen to
continue after the taxes are paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to continue until
they are paid.
Mr. HARRIS. It is unusual to keep such a
provision in, but I do not care anything about it.
1 will not offer the amendment if it is objected to.
On page 59, in the new section adopted by the Sen-
ate as section fifty-seven, I want to suggest an
amendment in the phraseology of that which will
dispense with a great deal of the next section which
I want to strike out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That section is not
amendable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be amended by
general consent. Let the Senator state what his
amendment is.
Mr. HARRIS. I am satisfied the chairman will
agree to it. I propose after the word " stylo," m
the seventh line, to add " and in case of an asso-
ciation or pattnership, the names of the several
persons constituting such association or partner-
ship and their places of residence."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
can be received by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see the neces-
sity for that. Does not " his or their name or
style" cover it?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir; and I think that will
appear by the next amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator he good
enough to state what he proposes in the next
section ?
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to insert " partner-
ship" after "persons," in line two of this sec-
tion, page 59; so as to read, "every person, as-
sociation of persons, partnership, or corpora-
tion;" and on pages 60 and 61,1 propose to strike
out from line twelve of the fifty-sixth section of
the bill, from the word " provided" down to the
words " provided that," in the thirty-sixth line
of the next page, and substitute:
Provided, That a license granted undei this act shall not
authorize the person or pers-oiH, av-ociatioo or corpora-
tion, mentioned therein, to eveu;i>e oi cativ on Use trade
or l>usuie-s« ep^eifW in <-uch license in anj other place
than tiiat mentioned therein ; but.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 1 propose to strike
out the first ten lines of section fifty-eight, and
insert:
No auctioneer Mial! be authorized by virtue of his
license, as such auctioneer, to sell any goods or otber
property at private sale.
And then the section goes on to provide the
penalty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the Clerk read what
is proposed to be stricken out.
The Secretary rend, as follows:
Every person exercising or carrying on the trade or busi-
ness of an auctioned, or selling any goods or chattels, lands,
tcneiijautg. or hereditament-*, by auction, shall, over and
above any licence to him or hei giantcd as an auctioneer,
take out such license as is tequired by law, to deal in whole-
sale or ictail, or to vend, tiado m, or sell any goods or com-
modities for the dealing in at wholesale or retail, or vend-
ing, tiading in, oi selling of which a license is; specially
requited, bcfoie he or &he shall be permitted or authorized
to sell such goods* or commodities at private sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 137, line eleven of sec-
tion one hundred and two, I more to strike out
the word " herein," and insert " in this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to.come in after the word4'ad valorem" in line
two hundred and seventy-six, on page 96. The
hill as't originally came from the committee, im-
posed a duty of three per cent, upon manufactures
of cotton and of wool, and all other textures. It
imposed no duty upon the raw articles of any of
the textile fabrics. My amendment is to add after
line two hundred and seventy-six:
Jind provided further, That from the duly imposed upon
manufactures of cotton theie shall be deducted the duty
imposed upon the raw cotton of which such nianufactuies
ate made.
This places the manufacturer of cotton on the
same footing with the manufacturer of all other
textile fabrics, and makes it precisely as the bill
came from the committee. If the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, who shakes his head, op-
poses this amendment, he opposes his own prop-
osition. It merely restores the bill to precisely the
footing it was when it came from his own hands.
We have placed a duty on the raw cotton, which
was not intended by the committee; and now I
propose to take from the duly on the manufac-
tured article the duty which has been imposed
upon the raw material; and it seems to me so
clearly just that it requires no sort of argument to
enforce it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was proposed by the
committee to stiike out the tax on cotton; but the
distinction is just this; the manufacturers in this
country have the benefit of the half cent on cot-
ton 
Mr. ANTHONY. The benefit of paying for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have the advantage
of a drawback, and now they wish this advant-
age in addition. If they export their manufac-
tured aiticles, they have the benefit of this duty,
and they sell precisely as they sold before in this
country, on the same terms in regard to foreign
competition. I did oppose the tax; but since it
has been ieduced fo*ha!f a cent, I do not think it
is necessary that this exception should be made.
I think as it stands now there is no real serious
objection to it, and will not be in any quarter.
That is my opinion about it. I think wc had
better not disturb the cotton question again in the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not argue the ques-
tion. It has been argued so fully that I content
myself with asking for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesultcd—yeas 5, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Mcbsi-. Anthony, McDougall, Simmons, Suni-
nei, and YVtUon of Massachusetts—o.
NAYS—Mes&is. Browning, Caihle, Ciaik, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis Dixon, Doolittle, Fe--emlen, Foot, Foster,
Grimes. Hale, Hailan, Hams, flowaid, King, Lane of In-
diana. Latham, xVIorrill, Nesmith, I'omeroy, Powell, Puce,
Shriman, Static, Ten Eyck. Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson,
and WiJley—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. On page 124, line twenty-
one, I move, after the word •' specific," to insert
4<staiTjp;" so as to mak'1. it read, " which specific,
stamp, oi ud valorem duties shall have been directly
assessed or paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUM NER. On page 93,1 move to strike
out lines one hundred and ninety-six and one hun-
dred and ninety-seven, as follows:
On paper of all descriptions, including pasteboard and
hinders' boaids, three per cent, ad valorem.
In the first place that will yield comparatively
little revenue; but if it will yield much, I am sure
it will take much from those from whom we ought
to take nothing. It is a tax which will enter into
the cost of every newspaper, of every book large
and small, of every school book, of every prayer
book. In one word, sir, it is a tax on knowledge.
This tax has been much discussed in England
during the last thirty or forty years, and this last
year, within a very few months, it has been dis-
continued; and shall we take it up, when in Eng-
land, in the progress of civilization, they have
learned to reject it? If this tax simply entered
into the costly books, I should say nothing about
it; but it enters into every school book. There is
not a poor household in-this country with chil-
dren at school which will notbe obliged to feel this
tax. It may be said that it is small, three per
cent, ad valorem; but three per cent, ad valorem on
every school book, on every prayer book in the
country will be felt by those on whom we do not
wish to impose a tax. The tax is on paper of
all descriptions; it is also on binders' boards that
enter, of course, into the binding of those books,
into the cover of every school book. When I
call it a tax on knowledge,and say it isa tax that
has been discouraged abroad, I believe that I ex-
haust the whole argument. There is nothing more
to add, and I do not wish to take up time, i ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer, Foot, Harris, Howard, King,
McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, liiowning, Carllle, Chandler,
Clark, Cowan,Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessendcn, Foster,
Grimes. Hale, Italian, Laneof Indiana, Latham.Nesmith,
Itice, Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson,
and Willey—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. On page 94, line two hundred
and seven, I move to strike out " four," and in-
sert " two;" so that it will read, " on salt, two
cents per one hundred pounds."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. Itispufas
low as it can be now with any sort of propriety.
Mr. SUMNER. On this I shall simply read
a letter. 1 have several letters from persons
familiar with the subject in my State, and of them
I read only one, which is brief:
" 1 notice that it is proposed to tax salt manufactured four
cents per one bundled pounds. My father was the lirstwho
manufactured salt by solar evaporation in Barnstable, and X
was luought upat the business, and formerly owned works.
The inanufaciuie foi the last twenty years has yielded no
profit to the owneis of the works, and no new ones have
been built, and old ones have been abandoned when need-
ing much repair, f should estimate that the present num-
ber ol leutol saltworks oil the sea-eoast Is not half so great
.ts it was twenty >ears ago. Wiihout a large increase of
duly on the importation of foreign salt, the proposed tax
will rum the manufacture on the sea-boaid, and, in my opin-
ion, most of the manufacturers will abandon their works."
This is a statement by an expert; I have other
letters to the same effect; and the question is,
whether the Senate, in the face of such evidence,
will impose a tax which may ruin this important
manufacture. I ifslc that the tax shall be put down
to two cents.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote on a very important amendment
submitted a while ago by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and that was to insert the word "stamp"
on page 124. I have read the section carefully,
and I am satisfied that it will have a bearing he
did not intend. I have read the section. I know
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance
and myself do not read it exactly alike; but my
reading is that this amendment will have the effect
of relieving from taxation income deriyed from
notes, bills of exchange, and every article that
hears a stamp. The Senator supposes that the
words "stamp, specific, or ad valorem, duties,"
applyonlyto "articlesmanufactured;"butifyou
read the whole section together, you will find that
that exception may apply to the whole income so
as to exempt from taxation any income derived
from a stamped piece of paper. I am afraid that
will be the construction. If it is confined simply
to those manufactured articles on which a stamp
is required, such as patent medicines, as was the
intention, it may be a question whether or not it
ought to be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
from Ohio that, by a little change of punctuation,
his object will be accomplished. By putting a
