1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
our own Government. Not only is this true, be-
cause we are a commercial people—not only be-
cause our commerce and our sea-coast surpass
those of any other nation—but because the relative
strength of our commerce and our Navy is such
that all our interests lie in following the neutral
line of policy, and in the protection of private
property from devastation by the large navies of
the Old World.
The organs of aristocratic pretension in Eng-
land, like the Times, speaking as welt for the
Government as for the Tory party led by Lord
Derby, oppose any further concession to neutrals
upon the sea. These organs, while exulting over
what they are pleased to term the disgraceful fail-
ure of democracy in America, evidenced by our
rebellion, condemn with English stubbornness,
and in their isolated pride, the humane principles
of theirown liberahsts like Bright, Cobden, Hors-
fall, and Baring. They affect to regard the anx-
iety of their commercial class for a better code of
maritime law as the suicide of British naval su-
premacy. They look with jealousy and hate
upon the efforts of French statesmen like Cheva-
lier, Hautefeuille, Thouvenei, and, I may add,
Napoleon, for the freedom of the seas. Indeed,
the English Government, judging by the recent
debates, are ready to retrograde from their present
position taken at the instance of France, at the
Paris conference, in favor of neutral rights. One
thing was developed in those debates. England
must either creep back to her old selfish policy, or
advance to our liberal doctrinc. To remain as she
is, will, in case of war, give her commerce to
neutrals and her cruisers to idleness. With the
efforts of France, seconded as they are by all
other Powers except England, and perhaps Spain,
the United States are in closest sympathy. My
resolutions express that sympathy. They arc
the answer of our people to the tenders of France.
I would especially commend these resolutions
to the study of members who represent commer-
cial cities, both upon the Atlantic and Pacific.
They are not without vital interest to the agricul-
tural and mechanical interests, however remote
from the coast. My own district has no direct
commerce. But—
"Though inland fai we be,"
our interest, which is agriculture, is imbound with
commercc by golden bands. Commerce does not
suffer without all interests suffering. The ship
that plows its furrows upon the sea is bringing the
harvest reward to the husbandman who plows the
soil in the far off valleys of the West.
The importance of commerce in civilizationcan-
not be overrated. The interdependence of States
is the highest evidence of their true independence.
The most flourishing States have attained their
highest elevation when closely connected with
every part of the civilized world by successful
commerce. When they lost their enterprise on
the sea they sank in the scale of nations. Heaven
has ordered through the sea a mutual dependence.
Soil, climate, and the variety of the earth's pro-
ductions knit nations iri mutual enterpiise, while
they bind society together in mutual dependence.
All the illuminations of knowledge, the generos-
ities of heart, and the multiplied means of human
happiness, are the results of commerce. The
more free commerce is, the more light, humanity,
and happiness the world enjoys. The less re-
strictive that interdependence, the more opulent
are the blessings of the civilization it bestows.
Let the fetters which war imposes on commercc
melt away, and with the reforms already made m
the maritime law we can truly say that in no sea-
son or contingency shall civilization retrograde,
and the "seas will but join the regions they di-
vide. "
The liberation of commerce from its trammels
has been the work of many ages. Especially has
the task of liberating neutral commerce during war,
and of defining articles contraband, been the ob-
ject of many commercial treaties. The navigation
laws, defining whatare national ships, the mode of
registry, their peculiar privileges, and the condi-
tions under which foreign ships shall be allowed
to engage in the trade of the country, either as
importers or exporters, or as carriers from one
part of the country to the other, though greatly
ameliorated, aie still the subject of liberal legisla-
tion for further reform.
That nation which will guard its commerce and
meliorate its restrictions will surely foap the ben-
efits, in the credit, importance, and independence
of its citizens and its nationality. It is with this
high purpose that the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs will present before Congress these resolu-
tions.
It is perfectly consistent for a fair mind to sus-
tain these resolutions and still retain the belief
that the persons seized on board the Trent were
contraband, at least in the English sense of that
term; and however we may differ as to the pro-
priety of restoring the persons seized, there can
be no difference in asking for abetter codc in refer-
ence to contraband, and a code inspired with a
different spirit from that which has dictated the
English opinions.
In the remarks which I submitted on the Trent
question, I argued that, from an English stand-
point, England could not make reclamation, and
until she reversed her own authorities she could
not in justice complain of the action of Captain
Wilkes as illegal. I now turn from the conduct
of England, which has settled nothing of princi-
ple involved in the questions, to the enlightened
action of France and the other Powers of Europe
which have shown an interest m the case, as a
matter of principle involving neutral rights.
I find nothing to condemn, but everything to
commend, in the action of the French Govern-
ment submitted to the committee. It was dictated
by her traditional friendship for this country.
There is no reason to believe that France was
moved by any other motive than that expressed
by her Minister of Foreign Affairs in his letter of
the 3d of December, 1861, in which he says that
the desire of France was to prevent a conflict,
perhaps imminent, between the two friendly Pow-
ers—England and the United States—and to up-
hold " for the rights of her own flag certain prin-
ciples essential to the security of neutrals." Thcie
is nothing in this letter incompatible with the sen-
timents of the French nation towards us, expressed
in the dispatches ofM. Thouvenei to the French
minister at Washington on the 16th of May hist.
In that letter the Frcnch Emperor is represented
as anxious to do all in his power towards strength-
ening and maintaining the American Union. He
says:
"The Emperor, indeed, lias always held the great qual-
ities of the American people in loo high esteem, and lias
had it too much at heait to di.nv closer tlx; bonds which
unite them to France, to look with indifference upon the
calamities winch now tin eaten them. His Majes>t> dishes
that the United States should not lose, by any political dis-
integration, their fctaiulina: a< a pi eat Power, and that they
should not abdicate, to the mjuiy of tlie general interest** of
civilization and humanity, the position which their rapid
and brilliant <it velopment has a-*si«ncd them. Should,
therefoie, such eiicumstanee.s arise that the friendly inten-
tions of the Emperot sshouldseein likely to lead to a recon-
ciliation between the Stateb of the South and those of the
North, his Majesty would, with the most coulial enthusi-
asm, contribute to" the extent ot Ins influence towards the
strengthening or the maintenance of the Union."
France has made no demonstration of a change
of these sentiments from that day to the present.
There isnothingin theFrench minister's dispatch
on the Trent affair inconsistent with these earnest
avowals of friendship. Congress would be in-
sensible to these tenders, did they not commend
them to the approbation of the American people.
Not only was there no intermeddling by Fiance
in this matter, not only was her tender the index
of a cordial amity, but the subject-matter of her
dispatch—the rights of neutrals upon the sea—
was a subject in winch she had a common interest
with us and with all maritime Powers. It was a
subject in which she had, atoui suggestion some
years since, taken a leading and lively interest. It
was a subject the most important before the Pans
conferences which closed the Crimean war. It
was urged upon her attention during the past sum-
mer by our own Government. Her interest in it
is only second to that of this Republic. It has
been manifested in the enlightened sentiments of
her publicists and the diplomatic missives of her
ministers.
I purposely pretermit any discussion of the
question, whether the seizure of thcTicntand the
arrest of certain of her passengers was right or
wrong. It will serve no purpose now to inquire ^
whether her passengers were contraband, and the j
act of cai rying them hostile. I do not purpose to {
reopen the controversy whether, it the seizure
was nglit, the delivery of the persons seized was j
right or wrong. The world is aware that by 1
. British precedents, the British Government could j
I not, without disavowing its old policy as to what |
is contraband of war, make reclamation for the
persons seized. Mr. Seward well says, "that he
was not tempted at all by suggestions that cases
might be found in history where Great Britain
refused to yield to other nations, and even to our-
selves, claims like that now before us." Perhaps
it would have been wiser had the Trent dispute
been arbitrated by a friendly Power like that of
France. She would, as is now apparent, have set-
tled it by the release of the prisoners seized. In
that case, we would have had an authoritative
precedent, binding Great Britain for all time, and
made in harmony with the liberal maritime policy,
which it has been the pride of this Republic to
urge upon the nations since our existence, and
which we have, in the first years of this Govern-
ment, ingrafted upon treaties with foreign Powers.
It would have been full compensation to us for the
mortification which was felt, when we yielded
these persons to the English demand, had we suc-
ceeded in crystallizing into international law that
lenient and catholic policy with regard to neutrals,
private property, and non-combatants on the seas
which has obtained on land, and which, as Mr.
Seward well says, is an " old, honored, and cher-
ished American cause, not upon British authori-
ties, but upon principles that constitute a large
part of the distinctive policy by which the United
States have developed the resources of a continent,
and thus becoming a considerable maritime Pow-
er, have won the respect and confidence of many
nations."
It is doubtless true, that the United States have
received from the men of other times and coun-
tries those suggestions as to the freedom of the
seas and the rights of neutrals of which she has
made herself the especial friend and champion.
Such doctrines were the natural result of opposi-
tion to the extravagant pretensions of great naval
Powers. They were the result of natural reason,
rebelling against ai bitrary force. Nations have
at different eras pretended to exclusive control of
the sea, especially that part adjacent to their ter-
ritories. Denmark claimed the Sound and other
Baltic passes. Venice espoused the Adriatic. The
Portuguese claimed the South Atlantic and the
Indian oceans. Spain once pretended to have ex-
clusively the Gulf of Mexico. The gifted Selden,
in his Marc Clcmsumy claimed for England the four
seas adjacent to Great Britain. During the war
with Napoleon, England claimed municipal rule
over the Atlantic, Mediterranean, and the Baltic;
and by her orders in council and her acts of Par-
liament assumed to control theneutral commerce
of those seas. Napoleon retaliated. America,
through Jefferson, appropriately called these acts
"a lawless system of piracy." America held that
the sea was the common of all; that the only con-
trol which one nation had over the sea was the
curtilage of soil and jurisdiction seaward a can-
non shot or marine league.
This is the principle laid down by the best wri-
ters, and it is the doctrinc which the United States
has, ever since its existence, been endeavoring to
ingraft on maritime law. The vessel is the float-
ing territory of the nation under whose flag it
sails, and no Power can rightfully question or cur-
tail its privilege upon the sea. John Q,uincy Ad-
ams, following the principles of Grotius, nay, of
the Saviour himself, declared that all belligerent
practices in violation of the freedom of the seas
rested on force and not on natural right. In 1823,
aa Secietaiy of State, he declared to our Minister
at Colombia the doctrines of these resolutions.
But lie was only an humble follower of Benja-
min Franklin and his compatriots of the Revolu-
tion. In the twelfth article of our treaty with
Prussia of 1785, these doctrines are most d istmctly
set forth. The reasons assigned by Franklin,
Adams, and Jefferson for these improvements in
public law are not selfish, not exclusive, not na-
tional, but coextensive with the interests of hu-
manity. These statesmen hoped to see the day
when cultivators of the earth, fishermen, mer-
chants, and traders in unarmed ships and artists
j and mechanics amlallwhoarenotdirectlyengaged
j in the work of war, should receive immunity from
I its ravages. They denounced the practice of rob-
' bing merchants, either by public or private armed
ships, as a remnant of ancient piracy. They
wished the calamities of war softened, and hostil-
ities to be made rare by removing the cupidity
which prompted them.
Washington, in his letter to Count de Rocham-
