1862.]
3Tth Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Emancipation—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
tropical productions. I believe that in so doing
we may bo instrumental, under the providence of
Almighty God, in laying the foundation of an
empire there, a great republic to be composed of
these people and their descendants, and of the
people already there who stand ready and willing
and anxious to reccive them as a pait of them-
selves, which after a few generations will contain
a hundred millions of human beings; a republic
which shall be m the tropics what this Republic
is in the temperate zone of the North American
continent; a republic which, if it shall grow up
under our protection, will be a support against for-
eign intervention, and feel bound to us by interest,
gratitude, and friendship forever. Although not
a part of our territorial dominion, they will be
within our commercial dominion. Sir, when we
can have free commercial relations with a nation
which immediately adjoins us, wheie we will
send all our products and manufactures, with light
duties upon them, and receive theirs in return, it
is a practical annexation for all commercial pur-
poses to the Government of the United States. It
is as good and better for us than if we should own
the sovereignty of the territory, and be at the ex-
pense and trouble of governing it.
Sir, although all ourpolitical relations woresev-
ered with Great Britain by the Revolution, are we
not to-day still her best commercial customer? If
the tie which binds Canada to Great Britain were
severed to-morrow, and if she should unite her
destinies with the United States, would not Can-
ada still continue to be one of the best customers
of Great Biitain ? Sir, those rich countries lying at
our feet, just below the mouth of the Mississippi,
although outside of our territorial jurisdiction, if
filled up with emigrants from the United Slates,
would be practically of us. They would remain
our customers and our producers forever. I believe
that to build up the commercial interests of this
country, its agricultural interests, its manufactur-
ing interests, the expenditure of a comparatively
small sum of money each year in the negotiation
of treaties, in opening up the way, 111, perhaps,
establishing lines of steamships between the Uni-
ted States and the countries just upon our border,
would be notonly wise, but thatit would be repaid
in the end ten, if not a hundred fold. Besides, sir,
the expenditure of money for the purpose of en-
larging our commerce with foreign countries is
clearly
CONSTITUTIONAL.
It is within the express grants of power, and is
sanctioned by the long established precedents of
expending money in the removal of Indians.
In seeking for the constitutional power to com-
pensate for the value of slaves emancipated within
the States there is more difficulty. Hut I believe
that will be avoided when theStates havingslaves
come to act upon the question of their emancipa-
tion by following the examples of Pennsylvania
and other States, making that emancipation pro-
spective and gradual, and thus avoid the question
of compensation, leaving the whole amount to be
expended in aid of their colonization, and in that
manner this Government can most effectually aid
the States in the great wotk of emancipation.
At the risk of apparent repetition, I repeat, I
would have that colonization voluntary. If com-
pulsory, it is slavery still. Besides, sir, I would
have the most enterprising, the most intelligent
and aspiring among that people lead the way. I
have been addressed by many of that class on this
subject. Theythankme for frankly speaking out
the truth, and forstatingthe true relation 111 winch
they stand to the Caucasian race here in this
country. They thank me for what I have done
in my amendment to the bill emancipating slaves
in this District, that I was notonly for giving
them emancipation and freedom, but was for giv-
ing them aid to go to a country in which they
could aspire to and hope to attain a position of
social, civil, and political equality which they
never hope to have in this country, even in New
England.
Mr. President, I will repeat again, in order that
I may not be misunderstood nor misreported
either, I am opposed to compulsory colonization.
I look upon that as a species of slavery itself, as
adding one wrong to another. I believe, also,
that if made compulsory, colonization would be
far less effective in producing the good results of
which I have spoken than if it were made volun-
tary, and far less beneficial to the colored race.
Mr. President, my views on this subject are not
the growth of a day or a year. They have been
the result of many years of earnest thought on
the subject, in all its bearings. It is the great
problem of America. I agree with the Senator
from New Hampshire in that. It is the great prob-
lem presented to the American statesman, and a
problem which he must meet, which he cannot
avoid. It may have been forced upon me, more
especially within the last five years, because of
my position upon the Committee 011 Indian Af-
fairs; it has been a cons tan t,e very-day duty to con-
sider in that committee the best mode in which
\ve of the Caucasian race hcie 011 this continent
shall deal with the Indian race to save even its
remnants from destruction. Sir, whereverwelook
we behold that race dwindling at the presence of
the white man, as the snows are melted and dis-
appear in spring time. This Government has been
engaged in one continued struggle; it has ex-
pended millions upon millions to preserve the In-
dian race, to provide for its support, to take care
of it, to pievent the selfishness and cupidity and
often criminal misconduct of the white man to-
wards it. Upon this subject I have had put into
my hands, and I will ask the Secretary to read a
letter from Keokuk, the chief of the Sac Indians
in Kansas, to the Great Father, the President of
the United States in Washington, to which I ask
the attention of the Senate, as to a statement as
eloquent as it is simple, giving the condition of
his tribe, and his hopes and his fears as to the
future.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Keokuk, Chief of the Sac Indians, in Kansas, lo the Gicul
Fatherj the Picsi.lent, at 1Failun%loii:
I am a chief; mv father was a chief before inc. lie is
dead. lie Ions,' had the caie of oui people. It now devolves
upou me. Their welfaie veij do.u to me. I look over
oui waning number wall paui ami melancholy foiebod-
in<i-. F look lor the cira^c- ol i!u-> decay, and ^eek a tern
edy; but to f.u I have M>ught in vain." As a I.V4 hope 1
appeal to you.
It is well known that in J83i the Pao Indian-: made war
Upon the whites am! weie delected. Alter the war we
made a treaty with oui Gteat Fathet. That treaty we have
faithfully kept. So ha-! out (iieat Fathei. We do not com-
plain of him. We complain to him. He gave ik a plenty
of laud in Ka;wa3, twenty unle< wide by thuty-iour long,
and mueli money—^'fc'I.OOb a yeai loi ten ye,us, and ?fi) ,000
pei yt-ar evei unee. And now oui land id to he '-old to pay
unjust claims aniountui" lo $ir>0,U00 moie.
All this i-s moie money than I know how to speak, but it
would be all the h.une if it weie more or it it wete les-s. The
Groat Father intended it to relish like a spiinsf. and
make us gjovv and inciease. But it iuu<* thioujrh thehand*
ot agent* and tinders, and is ab>orbed as a f-andy plain ab-
soibs the water from the mountain. We \veienotrofie lied.
We complained. Theagents were di-m^sedand now ones
appointed. It was all the same. My people lived in tem-
poiary dwellings, in wigwams and tents, They died fioin
diseases biought on by exposure and want.
We have lived in Kansas eighteen yea is. We have had
nine agents, ail alike- They ate agents (or themselves, nor
foi us. My people do not numbei one ball'that came heie
alter the wai. The agents ate supercilious and proud. They
treat us like dog-;. My people are discouraged and dunk
too much. They have lost then sr|i-n-.pcel. The agents
do not listen to tiie chiefs and head men in council. They
listen oniyto the traders. YVhen^ome new plan is devised
to get the Indians' money a council is called. II thechietw
and head men do not appiovo, they then take some weak-
minded Indian and make him a chief, ami so do a* they
please. They bribe him. in tins manner they divide tin;
Indians and make them act against each other. If the Gie.it
Pathoi in his wisdom could send usa hotter plan weMiould
be giad. We want a change. Wo want all the tiadeis to
go away. We do not want any agent with such poweis as
he now ha?. We want our chief*, and head men in council
to decide many things. Now they decide nothing. The
most ti tiling choice is denied u«. We have our preference
for a blacksmith. Tins has jicvoi been granted u&, and i.s
not now. We think it be>r to dispense with a gunsmith ;
this we are not allowed to do. We need a wagon and plow
maker,but are not allowed to employ one. We aie anxious
to commence farming, but wo cannot contiol oui own
means. Wo. are like a fly in a spider's web. The agents
and uaders have our foot entangled and wo cannot get out.
We aie living pooi and in poverty, with a domain of over
four bundled thousand acres ol land, and an annual income
of $71,000 per year.
Let us have a voice in its management. The re^ultscan-
not bo woise. They may be bettei. We cannot live any
poorer. We cannot die any faster. We cannot sufferany
moie. As things now are we aie pi evented ftom making
■auy eti'oit. Wc have faculties like white men ; we have
ambition also. Our facultiosarc notexeicised ; our ambi-
tion is not gratified. The agents and traders call my people
ill names; they disparage our name and nation. We arc
con&eious ol this, and many weak-minded Indians lose their
piide of character and of lace. I am proud of mv name, I
am proud of my race. I am no longer the enemy of the
white man. I belong to one of many tubes ov-er which the
Great Fatherrules. We are friends. Our people are fiiends.
We wish to be treated as friends and equals by the white
man, and not as enemies and dogs.
Our goods can be sent to us and distributed under the su-
pei vision of the Indian council.
A man can be employed to fit our boys and young men
with pants and shirts, suitable to the change which wc an-
ticipate pieparatory to school and work.
There are many things which we need, to change oui
condition, which our Gieat Father will think of better than
I, I am done.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I allowed
the whole of this paper to be read, not as a part
of my speech, but that it may go upon the record.
I may desire to use itupon anotheroccasion upon
another subjcct. ltdiscloses the same facts winch
appear in the statement of the Bishop of Minne-
sota in relation to the Indians of that State, and
in the statements of all who give any information
to the Piesident or the Department of the Inte-
rior or to the Committee on Indian Affairs. This
performance of my public duties here may have
forced upon my mind the consideration of the
question of the relations which these races bear to
each other. For live years past upon the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, our attention has been con-
stantly drawn to the question of the dealings of
the whites with the Indians. What has given an
additional force to that, in my mind, to study the
relations wc bear to the colored race, is this: I have
seen some of the slave States passing laws to ban-
ish all free colored men or enslave them; the
State of Tennessee even proposed it; and but for
the letter of Judge Catron, a justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, it might have
passed even the Legislature of that State. I know
at the same time that the free States lying adjoin-
ing the slave States, like Illinois and Indiana and
Iowa, have laws which refuse to allow the free
colored men to come within their borders. Sir, I
state these asmcts; but because I see them, and
will not blindly close my eyes to them, has any
nutn a right to say here or elsewhere that I favor
such legislation; that 1 would oppress these peo-
ple 3 Nor, sir; no. I .simply stato what is patent
to all the world. I take tilings as they arc, and
not as I would have them. Upon those facts the
question comes lo me, as it comes to you, and it
should come home to every man who has a head or
a heart, what, in God's name, is to become of
these people? If they are to be banished fiom
the slave States, and not received into the free
States, where on earlh shall they go ? Do we owe
them no duty ' Is there no responsibility resting
upon us.1 Upon the Government of the United
States? It alone controls all'our foreign relations.
The Stales have no power over them whatever. Re-
member that. It can, by treaty, provide a home
for these people which the slave States propose to
banish, and the free States will not admit. Is it
not our duty, as Christians and patriots, to find a
place and a home where tliey can go and find
refuge? Sir, my heait has been pained, my soul
in agony has laboied and hoped and piayed that
God Almighty would give to us the true solution
of this question. It is in that spirit that I have
given my attention to it, and have earnestly con-
sidered it with all the powers of winch I am
capable.
TIIK SOLUTION IS JUST AND WISE.
Sir, this is no solution of mine. It is a solution
which was proposed by Jefferson long, long ago;
a solution which I believe has been favored by the
greatest men this nation has ever produced; a so-
lution which, in my judgment, is in accordance
with the natural laws of climate, in accordance
with the difference of constitution existing between
these two races; a solution to which nature it,self
is pointing; a solution by which the tropics arc
to be given to the man of the tropics, and the tem-
perate zone to the man of the temperate zone. As
I stated the other day—I did so reverently, but 1
believe truly—it is God's solution; and it is easier
to woik with Him than to work against Him, and
wiser, too.
IT IS GOOD POLICY TO SUSTAIN TIIE PRESIDENT.
Mr. President, I support these views on colo-
nization, not because they have been recommended
by the President of the United States in his mes-
sage, but because I believe they arc right. But it
is a matter of great satisfaction that 1 agree with
the President in the policy of his administration.
I believe it is right. I feel assured it will be suc-
cessful. The President and that party in this coim-
