100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
31tii Comg....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
try which shall sustain him, which shall inscribe
high on its banner "emancipation with colo-
nization," i( homesteads for white men in the
territories of the temperate zone; homesteads for
colored men in the tropics, with a railroad to the Pa-
cific to bind together our eastern and our western
empirewill be the party to rule the destinies of
this country, and if true to itself, its policy, and
its? friends, will hist for a generation. If the Re-
publican party, true to the principles upon which
they came into power, are wise enough to accept
it, wise enough to follow their President who has
given them the lead, they will be the party of the
future; they will ropublicanize—in tue sense m
which that term was used in the days of Jefferson
and of Madison—not only every free States of the
North, hut Delaware, Virginia, Kentucky, Ma-
ryland, Tennessee, and Missouri, before the end
of this Administration, and become the party of
the future. But, sir, let them lake the other pol-
icy, and suffer another party to arise which shall
take it, and it will be trampled in pieces.
Mr. President, I have to-day discussed but one
of the questions involved in the third section of
the bill belbio the Senate,and I have been drawn
unexpectedly into these remarks by what fell yes-
terday from the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale.] I had no purpose, until 1 hoard
him, to address the Senate at all. 1 may have de-
tained it already too long, but I have endeavored
to confine myself to the question of colonization
alone, to show that it was: first, possible; second,
practicable; third,desirable;4th,economical;fifth,
constitutional; and lastly, that it is the true Chnst-
ian-hke, statesmanship-like, and, may I add, the
natural and, providential solution of the great
American problem.
i desire, howevei, to say to my^iend from Vir-
ginia that I hope he will not press his amendment
to this section at the present time. That section,
as it now stands, declares the policy and makes
it the duty of the President to enter upon this pol-
icy of colonization; hut if, at this time, there is
an attempt to push it further, not only to apply it
to those who may he emancipated under the pro-
visions of the bill, but, at the same time, to a very
large numberof other persons,amounting to near-
ly five hunUred thousand, it may defeat its own
ohjeot, and perhaps defeat the section of tho bill
which declares this policy. I do not know that
I understood the Senator from New Hampshire
yesterday to say whether he is in favor of this
section ol the bill or not. I wish ho were here.
I should like to ask htm that question now, for if
tins bill pusses, I am anxious to have this section
of the billstaml, declaring the policy of the Gov-
ernment ofi this subject. This section declares
two thing*: fust, the policy of colonization, and
second, t/int (imf colonization should bo volun-
tary, and not compulsory.
Mr. President, 1 will close what I have to say
now without going at all into the merits of the
other groat questions which arc involved. I have
not time to uo justice to them now. In conclu-
sion, however, I may be allowed to say, that in
my opinion no graver questions were over raised
in this body than are contained in the first three
sections of this bill. The first section assumes to
confiscate all ihe property, real and personal, of
aH poisons who shall hereafter be engaged in this
rebellion against the United States, who are 
Mr. A RUAiBULL. i hope the Senator does
not moan to misstate the bill. It certainly pro-
poses no such thing. The first section of the hill
does not propose to confiscate all the property,
real and personal, ofoveiy peison who shall here-
after bo in rebellion against the Grovoinnieut.
Mr. DOOL11 I'LE. Tho bill us modified per-
haps does not.
Mi. 1RUMBULL. It never did propose any
such thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. ! may perhaps differ ft ■om'
the oenutor 111 relation to the construction of that.
The amendment of the Senator, offered tho other
day, may have made it clear that such was his
in ten tiun.
Mr. TOUMBULL. No, sir; that amendment
has nothing1 to do with it. The bill never pro-
posed to forfeit the property of any rebel, except
a man who was beyond the reach of judicial pro-
cess. I know it has been so stated in the Senate;
 ut the bill expressly says that it is confined to
those who are beyond the reach of judicial pro-
cess, and does not touch tho property of any rebel
who can be reached by judicial process.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. "Right on that point I de-
sire to ask the Senator a question, because, of
course, I certainly want to make no mistake about
this matter. By being beyond the reach of judi-
cial process, does my honorable friend mean out-
side of the United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill says expressly—
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator answer
my question? Does he mean that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answerit in the very
woids of the bill 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is mere construc-
tion.' I want the gentleman's own opinion of the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My own opinion is, that
it certainly means those out of the United States,
and also, in the language of the bill, those who
arc out of the reach of the courts by reason of the
rebellion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask simply for infoim-
ation. Jt applies certainly to all" outside of the
United Stales.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All the rebels outside of
the United States,andall within the United States,
that are beyond the reach of process.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But precisely on that point
I understand it to apply to whoever, in the insur-
rectionary districts whore the courts 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where the courts do not
exist when you seize the property 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does the bill apply to the
cotton States, as they are called, now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will apply to the cot-
ton States as you take possession of the property.
If the bill is not clear, 1 desire to have it made
clear. I have stated this point over and over
again. If gentlemen prefer arguing againsta sup-
positious case, that is one thing. I have intro-
duced no bill that forfeits any man's property
except a man that cannot be reached by judicial
process; and if the bill does not mean that, if the
Senator can use language clearer than thatl have
used, 1 hope he will piopose it. In the insurrec-
tionary districts, in the State of South Carolina,
for instance, if the bill shall pass, the only prop-
erty that will ever be reached to be confiscated
under it will be the property of a man who, when
we are able to take possession of that property,
cannot bo reached by judicial process in that lo-
cality. If our Army gets there before our courts,
and there are no courts there at the time, I pro-
pose that the Army shall take the propeily and
confiscate it through the action of officers to be
appointed by the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, I want to ask a
question there for information. 1 understand my
friend to say that if the Army gets there before
the courts, the property may be confiscated; but
suppose the courts go with the Army ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; then none can
be confiscated where the process can be served on
the peison.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the person has gone
out of the United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; so that you can-
not get a service of process.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. All I desire is to under-
stand tho bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator would
muicistund if, for it does seem to me as if there
was a persistent 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. .While the matter is up,
1 want to ask the Senator two or three questions.
I believe I have the door. I ask for information.
If I understand the bill, it is this: wherever the
courts are overborne, and youcan get hold of the
property, it i^? confiscated ?
Mr. TRUMBULL I will try to state again
what the bill is, and 1 think 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is going around in a
circle. I desire tlx? Senator's own opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will do it in a word
No property is taken by the bill; the bill does not
confiscate any property,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Until seized?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Until something is done
N ow, what is to be done r
"^Jr" DOOLITTLE. Theseizureofproperty?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The property is to be
seized by the direction of the President, through
officers in these insurrectionary districts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I uuderatand then that it
is not to be confiscated until it is seized in fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to be seized m fact,
and it is to be seized in fact in the discretion of
the President If there is a court there when it
is seized, and the process of the court can reach
that person, you cannot confiscate the property.
If there is no court there when it is seized, then
the bill provides for confiscating it without the
action of a court. Take Port Royal—this bill
now, there being no court in South Carolina, would
confiscate the property there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my friend will direct
his attention to the precise questions I ask him,
he will much sooner give the information I desire.
1 understand him now to say that there is no con-
fiscation without an actual seizure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. That is one
point. Then I understand if when you make the
seizure you cannot serve your process on the per-
son, the property is to be confiscated ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir;and not till then.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And if the person can be
caught, then it is not to be confiscated?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then the question I put
to my friend is this: suppose our armies enter
into and have possession of half of one of the cot-
ton States, would he say, as we approached to a
plantation from which the owner has fled away
into the other half where the rebel army is, that
we cannot serve process on him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he was in the army
fighting against us, 1 should say that the marshal
could not serve process on him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Cannot we with our Army
take bin) and the rebel army and all, and thus
have jurisdiction over both person and property
in fact as well as in law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be able
to do it. We have not done very much of it for
some time past.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do we not expect to do it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I expect that a great por-
tion of these rebels will be banished from the
country, and this is to enable us to seize their
property.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should be very glad to
have a penal colony to which, after hanging the
leaders, to banish the incorrigible. I would go
for forcible colonization to drive many of them
out of the country. I will join with him in that.
I should he glad to have a penal one, like Cay-
enne for the French. I have no objection to that.
I did not intend to speak on this subject; but as
I was interrupted, I put these questions for in-
formation, and my friend has informed me that
tho bill does not confiscate the property without
first making an actual seizure, and that is to be
done tit the discretion of the President.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was about finishing my
speech.
Mr. HOWARD. Itmay be an importantpoint
to him before he cloaes his speech. I desire to
cail his attention to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not arguing the ques-
tion of confiscation to-day, and do not desire to
have a long conversation on that subject inter-
jected into my specch.
Mr. HOWARD. I only wish to ask whether
in his opinion seizure is necessary in order to a
pei feet confiscation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will thank my honorable
friend from Michigan—who is an excellent lawyer
—-to put that question to the honorable Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. He would answer it just as
I would. I have no doubt about that; I say that
is not necessary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Illinois
states the effect of his own bill, and he has a right
to state it, and I accept it. If there is any ambi-
guity about it, an amendment can make it very
clear that the Senator from Illinois does not intend
to confiscate the property without seizing it, and
that that seizure is to depend on the discretion of
the Executive.
