1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
brandy, I would be as willing as he is to tax it;
but we. cannot do it. Every business man who
has investigated the subject bears the same testi-
mony. These rectifiers will have to pay a very
heavy tax under the bill as it stands. They
pay three per cent, on the extent of their manufac-
tures, and also a duty of twenty cents a gallon on
the whisky they use. That is all we can col-
lect.
Mr. DAVIS, The clause that was stricken out
of the bill proposed to tax this stuff at the rate of
twenty cents a gallon. That might induce agreat
deal of clandestine and surreptitious manufacture
of it. I propose to reduce the rate to ton cents per
gallon. The clause being entirely stricken out,
we do not get any revenue upon the articlc as the
biii now stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. They pay the tax on the
whisky.
Mr. DAVIS. I know they pay on the whisky;
but if we adopt this tax on the transmutation of
whisky into this stuff, if the small establishments
were alert and secret enough to escape the tax,
the big establishments would be probably caught
by it, and from them we should get some revenue,
at any rate. I think myself that it is worth the
experiment, and T think it will result in raising a
great deal of revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish to
propose a slight amendment to the bill. I move to
strike out the third and fourth paragraphs in
pages 65 and 66, section sixty, and to insert those
words, slightly modified, as the fifty-sixth secti'on
of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will change the
whole nmnbeiiugof the bill,and there arc a great
many things regulated by the numbers of the sec-
tions in refeiencc to different parts of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think it would make any difficulty.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Iknowit would. Itwould
change my whole arrangement.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Iam will-
ing to put it anywhere else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better let it go.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When I
objected the other day to giving licenses to retail-
ers of intoxicating liquors, I stated that I was will-
ing to tax these persons any amount; and I simply
want to transfer this matter from licenses to tax-
ation. I do not believe it to be right for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to issue licenses to
retail intoxicating liquors. I am willing, how-
ever, to tax every retailer in the country. What
I desire to do is simply to transfer this subject
from the license system to a section by itself, and
provide that wholesale and retail dealers shall pay !
a tax of so much, i do not wish to interfere with
any of the arrangements of the bill. It seems to
me we might take these paragraphs out of this
place and insert them in the form of a section in
another partof the hill, perhaps as the last section
of the bill. For that purpose I make the motion
to strike out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I sincerely hope that
will not be done. The Senator tried this once in
Committee of the Whole, and the Senate voted
him down by a large majority. It would disturb
the whole arrangement of the bill, and put us to
agreat doal of trouble in going over it again.
That will be just the amount of it. I really hope
my friend Aoin Massachusetts will be content to
let the matter stand. He is not responsible for it.
I will gladly lake all his share of the responsi-
bility, if he will just let it go. He has made
this very effort once, and the Senate voted him
down. It is a mere matter of words after all,
nothing else; and I really hope he will with-
draw it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. < The Sen-
ator says he will take the responsibility. For
myself, 1 do not take any part of it whatever. I ^
think he is taking a great responsibility. ^ I be- j
lieve when the men who have been struggling for
years to suppress intemperance, or to check if,
find that the Government of the United States is
licensing everybody who is willing to pay twenty
dollars throughout the United States to retail
ardent spirits, they will feel that it is not right.
I have done what I could in regard to it. I wash
my hands of the matter. I will not press this
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) Does th3 Senator withdraw the
amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suppose this matter
has been sufficiently discussed now to justify me
in producing the substitute which I indicated at
the time the bill was brought from the committee.
It was printed at the same time, and has been
before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator offer it as an amendment to the bill?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now offer the substi-
tute as an amendment to the bill.
The substitute was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and to insert the fol-
lowing in lieu thereof:
That for the puipose of superintending the collection of
internal duties, stamp duties, licenses, or taxes imposed by
this act, or which may be hereafterimposcd, and of assess-
ing or ascertaining the same, an office is hereby cieated in
the Treasury Department to be called the office of the
Commissioner of internal Revenue; and the Piesident of
the United States is hereby authorized to nominate, and,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint, a
Commissioner of Internal Revenue,with an annual salaiy of
$5,000, who shall be chaigcd, and hereby is chained, under
the direction of the SecretaryoftheTreasury, with piepuring
all the instructions, i emulations, directions, forms, blanks,
stamps, and licenses, and distributing the same, or'any part
theieot, and ail other matters pertaining to the levy and
collection of the duties, stamp duties, licenses, and taxes,
which may he necessaiy to cairy this act into effect, and
with the general supeuntcndencc of his office, as aforesaid,
and shall have authority, and is hereby authorized and le-
qmred,lo provide propel and sufficient stamps and dies lor
expressing and denoting the pi oper amounts of duties, taxes,
and chargcs required to be collected, a  imposed by tins act,
and to alter and lenew or replace such stamps from tune to
time as occasion shall require ; and the Secretary of the
Treasury may assign to the office of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue such number of clerks as he may deem
nece^tj.uy, or the exigencies of the public service may le-
qunc, and the privilege of haukmgall Icttois and documents
peit.unmg to the dunes of his ofiice. nnd of receiving free
of postage all such lettets and documents, is hereby ex-
tended to said Commissioner.
Gcncrul provisions.
Sec. 2. And be it fxathcr enacted, That any power, au-
thm ify, or duty heiemaitci by this act conferred oi imposed
upon any inspector, United States maishal, oi stamp acent,
may be exercised and performed by his sworn deputy or
assistant, as the case may be.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnactcd, That the President of
the United States is hcicby authorized to nominate, and,
with the advicc and consent of the Senate, to appoint, a
stamp agent for each of the inspection districts which may
he created in pursuance of this act, or for any subdivision
of the same it he deems the same advisable, toieceive,
safeh'keep, dispose of, and account for all revenue stamps
which may be delivered to him in pursuance of the ptovis-
lousof this act,utidci suciuegulationsasmavbo pi escribed
by law, or by the Coinnu-ssionei of Internal Revenue; and
each stamp agent shall he allowed as compensation for ins
setvices under the provisions ot this net one per cent, of
tho amount ol levcnue stamps sold by him, and such stamp-:,
of convenient denomination, s-hall fu>m time to time bo
supplied to Inm as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may deem necessity and expedient; and before entering
upon the duties of Ins ofiice the said stamp agent shall ex-
ecute a bond for «uch amount as shall be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of
the Seeietary of the Treasury, with sureties to he approved
a-5 sufficient by the Solicitor of the Tiea*uiy, containing
the condition that said stampagent shall faithfully perform
the duties ot his office according to law, and shall justly
and tiuly account for all moneys leceived by him for stamps
>old, and comply with ail tho orders and regulations of the
Secietaiy of the Treasury oi the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
Se< .4. And be it farther cnactcd, That separate accounts
shall be kept ::t the Treasury of all moneys received fiom
internal duties or taxes in each of the respective States.
Teiiirones, inspection districts,and that separate accounts
shall be kept of the amount of eaeh species of duty or tax
that "hall accrue, «o an to exhibit, as far as> may be, the
amount collected from cacti houice of iavenue, with the
amount ot compensation paid to each officcr and class of
otficeis employed in eaeh of the respective States, Ternto-^
nes, and inspection dtstiicts, an abstract in tabular form of
which accounts it shall be the duty of the Sccretaiy of the
Tioasuty annually, m the month of Decemboi, to lay be-
fore Congress.
Sec. f>, And he it further enacted, That for the purpose
of ascertaimns, assessing, levying, andcollecting the duties
or taxes heieinaftcr prescribed by tliiact. the 1'iesidentof
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized todfvide,
iet-pective!y, the States and Tomtom;'^ of the United States
nnd the District of Columbia into convenient inspection
disii icts, and lo nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint, an inspector (oi each such
di-tiict, who shall he icsident wsthm the same, but may
execute their functions m anv other district, when so or-
deicd bv the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and one
shall not exceed the number of Repi tentative* in Congie&s
to which such State, fhail be entitled.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted} 'I hat cacu of the in-
spectors shall divide his district into a convenient number
of sub-disti iota, within each of which ho shall appoint one
deputy inspector who ghhll fee resident therein j and e&efc-
inspector and deputy Inspector so appointed, and accepting
the appointment, shall, before lie enters .On the duties (tf
his appointment, take and subscribe, befbre some'cOthfte-
tent magistrate or other officer authorized bylaw to rid min-
ister oaths, the following oath or affirmation, toi^it: i( ltA
15, do swear (oraffirm, as the case may be) that I wift bear
tiue faith and allegiance to the United States of America^
and will support the Constitution thereof, and that"! will,
to the best of my knowledge, skill, and judgment,"diiigehtly
and faithfully execute the office and duties of inspector-ibr,
(naming the inspection district,) without favor or partiality,
and according to law. So help me God." And a certifi-
cate of such oath or affirmation shall be returned and de-
posited with the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. And
every inspector or deputy inspector acting in the said office
without having taken the said oath or affirmation shall for-
feit and pay $100, one moiety thereof to the use of the Uni*
ted States, and the other moiety thereof to him who shall
fust sue for the same; to be recoveied, with costs of suit,
in any court having competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 7. And be it further cnactcd, That before any such
inspector shall enter upon the duties of his office, he shall
execute a bond for such amount as shall be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction
of the Seeietary of the Treasury, with sureties to be ap-
proved as sufficient by the .Solicitor of the Treasury, con-
taining the condition that said inspector shall faithfully
perform the duties of his office accouling to laW, andteh&tt
justly and faithfully account for and deliver over to- the
United States, in compliance with the Older or regulations
of the Seeietary of the Treasury or Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, all stamps, stamp returns, and all official
papers which may come into his hands or possession; which
bond shall be filed in the office of the Fiist Comptroller of
the Treasuiy, to be by linn directed to be put in suit upon
any breach of the condition thereof. And such inspectors
shall, fioui time to time, renew, strengthen, and increase
their official bonds, as the Seeietary of the Treasury may
direct.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That eaeh inspector
shall be authorized to appoint, by an instrument of wilting
under hi* hand, as many deputies as he may deem necessary,
to he hv him compensated for then services, and also to re-
voke the poweis of any deputy, giving public notice thereof
in that poitton of the district'asMgned to such deputy,and
may require bonds or other sureties and accept the same
from sxich deputy; and each such deputy shall have the like
authority, in every respect, touching the duties and taxes
within the pouion of the district assigned to lum which is
by this t vested in the inspector himself: but eaeh inspec-
tor shall, in eveiv respect, be responsible both to the United
States and to individuals, as the case may be, for the faith-
ful peifoi mance of his duties, and for every act done as dep-
uty inspector by any of his deputies while acting as such,
and for every omission of duty: Prodded, That nothing
herein contained shall prevent any inspector fiom himself
discharging the whole or any patt of the inspector'* duties
in his district, as prescribed by this act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
allowed and paid to the inspector authorized by this, act a
salaiy not exceeding, in any case, §3,500 per annum, nor a
sum in the total exceeding an average of.$2,000 per annum to
each Inspector; in addition to which thcie may be allowed
and paid to the inspector, in the discretion of tho Secretary
of the Treasury, a sum sufficient foi his actual and nccc sary
tiavehng expenses when absent from his. place of reMdence
in the performance of hi* duty, but in no case exceeding
three dollars perday. And the said inspectors, respectively,
shall aho be allowed their necessaiy and reasonable chargcs
for stationery and blank-hooks and blanks used m the exe-
cution of their duties, except where furnished therewith by .
the Commissioner of intcmal Revenue; and the compcti- 9
sation herein specified shall be in full of expenses not other-
wise pai ticulaily authorized : Provided, The Secretary of
the Tieasury shall be, and he is heieby, authorized to fix
such additional rates of compensation to be made to inspec-
tors m the States of California and Oregon, and Tciritoiies
of Washington, Nevada, New Mexico, and Arizona, as may
appear to him to be just and equitable, in consequence ot
the greatei cost of living and traveling m those States and
Teriitorios. and as may in his judgment be necessary to se-
cure the seivicc^ of competent and efficient men, provided
the rates of compensation thus allowed shall notexcced the
lates paid to similar officers in such States and Territories
respectively.
See. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatin addition to the
salary herein also provided to be paid to the inspector of
eaeh'di-tiict, the Sccietaiy of the Treasury may allowand
pay to him, for the fuither compensation of himself and his
deputies, a sum not exceeding one per cent ot the amount
oi .-tamps by inm returned from his dbtucUo the Commis-
sioner of) ntenrnl Revenue, under the piovisionsof this act:
Provided, That a sufficient numberofdeputies shall be ap-
pointed fot tiie properperformance ot the duties of inspec-
tion in any distnct. as may be icquircd by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
See. li. And be it further enacted, That m case an m-
spectoi shall die, resien, or be removed, the deputies of such
inspector shall continue to act until their successors are ap-
pointed ; and the deputy ofsuch inspectot longest in service
at the time immediately preceding may and shall, until a
succcssor shall be appointed, discharge all the duties of said
inspector; and for the official conduct of such deputies, in
case of the death of the inspector, the estate of such deceased
inspector shall be lesponsibh; to the United States; and of
two or more deputy inspectors, appointed on tho same day,
the one residing nearest tho reMdence of the inspector at
the time of his death, lesignation, oi removal, shall in like
manner dischaige the Mini duUe,-. until the appointment of
a sueeessoi; and any bond or sccuuty taken ot such deputy
by such injector, pmsuant to the tenth section of this act,
shall be. available to his hens or representatives to indem-
nify them Joi loss or damage accruing from any act of the
propei deputv so continuing or so succeeding to the duties
of such inspector.
9t,c. I'l. And be it further erucctedy That it shall be the
duty of the inspecting aforesaid, or their deputies, in their
