1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
ment in reference to the Illinois matter to which I
referred a short time since.
Mr. LOVEJOY was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. DUNLAP. I yield to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman still claim
the floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair understands.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to his yielding it,
unless he yields it unconditionally.
Mr, DUNLAP. Well, then, 1 will state that
I learn from a member near me, that .Colonel
Logan, a member of this House from the State of
Illinois, stated in his presence and in the presence
of other gentlemen, that when the declaration of
principles contained in the first printed statement
of the Secretary of War, touching this slavery
question, reached Illinois, or wherever the forces
were,five regimentsof Illinois troopsstacked their
arms, and refused to go further if that was to be
the policy to be pursued in this war,as they had
not entered into it for any such purpose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman 
Mr, LOVEJOY. I object; I want to deny the
statement.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman to yield the floor entirely.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I have the ftoor.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will consume but
a moment, if the gentleman from Illinois will per-
mit me to occupy the floor. I wish to state, sir,
that in a conversation which occurred among half
a dozen members seated in this part of the Hall,
the gentleman from Illinois, whose name has been
mentioned, [Mr. Logan,] being of the number, he
stated that the troops, as I understood him to say,
under his command did stack their arms. My
recollection is not that he stated that five regi-
ments stackcd their arms, but that his command
stacked their arms, and, as the gentleman has
said, refused to go further.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish the chair-
man of the Committee of Waysand Means would
allow me to say one word m relation to this mat-
ter. I do not wish to provoke debate, and shall
not do so, but I wish to say one woid.
Mr. STEVENS. If I could be sure the gentle-
man would sayonlyone word, I would yield to him.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, I shall not
occupy the floor Ave minutes, nor three.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will say that
when he'has occupied his three minutes he will
move that the committee rise, I will yield to him.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 w;il,sn.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
I know Colonel Logan well. I believe him to be a
trulv patriotic, bravo, gallant officer, and a highly
honorable gentleman. He has discharged his
duties as an officer well and bravely on the battle-
field. I believe that the troops of Illinois are as
truly patriotic in their efforts to sustain the Gov-
ernment and the Union as any troops m the world
can be. I must say that I am somewhat surprised
at the statements which have been made. It does
occur to me that there is some mistake in this
matter. I charge no intentional misrepresenta-
tion •, but I am so convinced of the charactcr of Col-
onel Logan, and of the charactcr of the troops
under his command, and of the regiments under
the command of the colonels associated with him,
that it is my judgment that there is a great mis-
apprehension of the facts. Whatever his opin-
ion may be, or the opinion of our soldiers in re-
lation to tiie political policy of the country, or of
the Administration, or of the policy of the com-
manding generals, I believe them all, yea, I know
them all to be tiue men who will not fail m then-
duty.
Sir, I hope this question will rest right where
it is until Colonel Logan may be heard, or until
his colleague, [Mr. Fouke,] who is here now, may
be heard, if he knows, m relation to the facts. I
am unwilling that an aspersion shall go out upon
Colonei Logan's name, or a suspicion upon the
integrity of our brave soldicis. There is a mis-
apprehension in regard to this matter, and I think
there is no occasion for the suspicion that has been !
raised, that in any event—I state it broadly—'
any event the troops of Illinois will turn their tacks !
upon the enemy. '[
Mr. Chairman, under my pledge to the gentle- i
man from Pennsylvania, I feel bound to move that
the committee do now rise; and unless he releases
me from my pledge, I must insist on that motion.
The question was taken; and the committee re-
fused to rise.
Mr. SARGENT obtained the floor.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; for a moment.
Mr, WADSWORTH. The gentleman from
Illinois on my right, [Mr. Kellogg,] in the close
of Ins remarks, stated that he did not believe Illi-
nois soldicis would turn their backs upon the foe.
I do not wish it to be understood, Mr. Chairman,
that anybody here in my neighborhood has in-
tended ty any statement made to put the Illinois
soldiers in that position. The point made is not
that our brave brethren of Illinois would turn their
backs upon the .foe; it is that they will not point
their bayonets against their friends to execute un-
constitutional and tyrannous legislation. They
will fight rebellion till it dies, and we will be proud
to fight by their side.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, sought the floor.
Mr, SARGENT. I insist on my right to the
floor, and must decline to yield further.
Mr. FOUKE. Will the gentleman from Cali-
fornia yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SARGENT. I would do so with great
pleasure on any other occasion, but I must decline
to yield now.
Mr. FOUKE. I ask for only one minute.
Mr. SARGENT. Well, I will give the gentle-
man one minute, and no more.
Mr. FOUKE. Mr. Chairman, I regretexceed-
ingly that this question has been brought before
the House. How it occurred I do not know.
These hasty conversations among gentlemen are
sometimes very much misunderstood. It seems
that this is said to have occurred upon the proc-
lamation made by the Secretary of War. If so,
I was not at Cairo at the time the news of that
proclamation reached there, and I know nothing
of what was done. I have heard of nothing that
has taken place there. 1 presume it may be that
my colleague has stated that if this policy of eman-
cipating1 slaves is insisted on there would be Illi-
nois regiments that would lay down their arms.
If he did not so state it, he certainly so intended,
unless it is an absolute fact that those under his
command—his own regiment, the thirty-fnst—did
what is alleged; and if they did, it has never come
to niy knowledge. It is true, as he has stated, that
a majority of the Illinois troops who have enlisted
in the service of the Government have been en-
listed south of the center line of the State. It is
also true that the political predilections uf a ma-
jority of them fiom that section of the State are
opposed to those of the present Administration,
and while they have rallied with entire unanimity
in support of the Government, they are now and
will ever remain unalterably opposed to bestowing
their energies in a war for the emancipation of
slaves 
Mr. SARGENT. The time I allowed the gen-
tleman has expired, and I must insist on my right
to the floor.
Will the gentleman yield to
Mr. LOVEJOY.
me a moment?
Mr. SARGENT.
Mr. LOVEJOY.
side, Chan* and all.
Mr. SARGENT
No, f:ir.
Exactly so. It is all on one
[A. laugh.]
Mr. Chairman, I did not rise
for the purpose of discussing the slavery question
m any of its aspects. Sufficient time has been ab-
stracted from the deliberations of the House on
both sides of tins Chamber to lead to results upon
that matter. Although I have settled convictions
upon the duty of Congress and the Executive in
the disposal of that question which has disturbed
our international relations for half a century, and
finally involved us in a disastrous war, I prefer to
express these convictions by my \ot«s upon the
pending measures, and to use the hour accorded
to me by the courtesy of the committee in the
presentation of my views of a matter which has
heretofore at this session been neglected in both
houses, and in which the interests and safety of
my constituents, the continuance of our Pacific
Empiie, and the good name of the nation are
involved. 1 shall treat the question as not on<?of
local nnpoitance, for the whole country is inter-
ested m our action upon it,and the whole country
must suffer by onr supmeiiess.
Sir, one year ago this House, after full consid-
eration, passed a bill for the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from'the valley of the
Mississippi to the Pacific, for the reasons, as in-
dicated in the title of the bill, that military and
other purposes of public interest were subserved
thereby. The vote by which that bill was passed
was the consummation of a long struggle in this
House, upon one side of which was arrayed the
progressive, far-seeing men of the country, repre-
sentingconstitucnciescontrollinglarge capital,and
anxious for the inauguration of this great national
measure. Energy, wisdom, and patriotism dis-
tinguished the efforts of the men who fought for
this great object through many stormy debates in
Congress. Upon the other side were ranged in
stolid opposition the men who ever hang* upon
the wheels of progress; those who delay enter-
prises of great pith and moment by scruples con-
cerning powers and minor expediencies; the men
who could discern constitutional power to indefi-
nitely expand the territory of the Union, but none
for its improvement; the men who were governed
by local prejudices, more than by considerations
of general good. Sectional prejudice, rival routes,
and schemes, timidity, indifference, all weighed in
the scale, and delayed the consummation for many
a weary year achieved by that vote passing a Pa-
cific railroad bill.
Sir, the result was hailed with delight in my
own State, and in the great commercial centers
generally, too soon turned to disappointment by
the ultimate failure of the measure through the
less progressive action of the Senate. To-day this
great work is not further advanced, so far as Con-
gress is concerned, than it was at the date of the
passage of that bill. Although both Houses are
now filled with the avowed friends of the measure,
it almost seems as if its fate would be to be be-
trayed with a kiss. I now conceive it my duty—
representing, as I do, a people whose safety, per-
haps their power to remain apart of this Union de-
pends upon it—to speak plainly upon it, to arouse
this House from its inaction, and convince it, if I
am able, that this railroad is a necessity of the
times—a great war measure—to be inaugurated
now, if regard is to be paid to the most vital inter-
ests of the country. I would that this task had
fallen to abler hands. I have waited patiently for
nearly two months for some experienced member
to rise in his place and resume the discussion,and
urge action. I have waited m vain, and must,
perforce, undcrHike the onerous task.
Before, however, I proceed to speak upon the
necessity of the immediate action of Congress in
favor of this great work, I wish to direct the at-
tention of the House to the pledges that have here-
tofore been made for its speedy construction. The
Pacific railroad has been a subject of so great in-
terest, and such acknowledged importance, that
it has been incorporated into the platform of each
party at every Presidential election since 1852,
and has often been the subject of special recom-
mendations from the Presidents to Congress.
Does this mean nothing ? Is it a settled policy to
acknowledge its necessity before and ignore its
usefulness after a Presidential election ? Are our
Presidents insincere in their recommendations?
our paity platforms ingenious deceptions? our
pledges to the people studied falsehoods? Are not
the promises under which a great party seeks to
assume the reins of power, made in good faith?
A pledge made under these circumstances becomes
a responsibility when that party succeeds to power.
The Democratic parLy, which long administered
the Government—the cardinal doctiince of whose
creed were opposed to works of internal improve-
ment—were compelled by the justice and great
importance of this measme, and by the demands
of the people, to change their views, and find au-
thority within the Constitution whereby this Gov-
ernment could legally extend its aid toward the
construction of thiswork. The Republican party
has always asserted such authority, and been
foremost in its declarations in favor of its imme-
diate inauguration by the direct aid of the national
Treasury. And, to my mind, there is no question
of constitutional right involved in this case. The
Constitution speaks plainly. It confers upon
Congress the power to declare war, to raise and
support armies, and to repel invasion. _
The Admission of new States or Territories into
the Union necessarily involves new duties and
responsibilities upon the parent Government.
