102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April H,
3 fan Cong....2d Sess.
"Initiate Emancipation"—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
mun necessarily he condemned a-s cruel, for every feeling
of imman nature advocates liberty. Slavery is introduced
irp/jimwn wtckeiluess \ bur God enSvoaztcs liberty by the
nature which he has implanted in the breast of every man."
-~-Foricscuc..
" If neither captivity nor contract can, by the plain law of
nature and reason, reduec the parent to a state of slavery,
much !e*s can they reduce the offspring."
"The primary aim of society is to protect individuals in
thcenjoymentof those absolute rights which vveie vested in
them by the immutable laws of nature. Ilencc it follows
that the fi^t and prune end of human laws is to maintain
those absolute rights of individuals."
" If any human law shall require up to commit crime, we
aro bound to transgress that human law, or else we must
offend both the natural and divine."—Blackstone.
'• Whai the Parliament doth shall be holden for naught
wheacvei it shall enact that which is contrary to the rights
of nature.'*-—Lord Coke.
"The esuouoc of all law is justice. What is not justice
fs not law, and what is not law ought not to bo obeyed."—
Hamp Jen.
"No man is by nature the property of another. The
rights of nature must be some way forfeited before they
can justly be taken away "—Dr Johnson.
" if you have the right to make another man a slave, lie
ha-s a right to make you a slave.'1—Dr. Price.
k< H i.-v inji^tlce to poiniit slavery to remain a single
hour.'*—Pitt.
u American slavery is the vilest Chat ever saw the sun;
ii constitute-* the sum of nil villainies."—John fVcslcy.
"Man cannot have property in man. Slavery is a imis-
tmco, to be put down, not compromised with, and to bo
availed without cessation and without meicy, by every
blow that can be leveled at the monster."
«' Ireland and liishmen should be foremost in seeking to
effect the emancipation of mankind." * * * *
The Americans alleged that they hnd not perpetrated tho
eiime, (jii.it of enslaving the blneks.) but. Inhumed it from
flnyfnnd. TfH-, however, tact as it wa-i, was Mitl a paltry
apology foi America, who asseiting hbtMty I'm herself, still
u-iod the biand and the lash niminst others "—Daniel
O'Conucil.
si In regard to a regulation of slavery, my detestation of
its tw^ti-iiee induce* me to know no nucli thing a* a iem-
ulation of robbery or n restriction of iimrdet. Personal
freedom is a right of which he who deprives a fcllow-cro.i-
ture is criminal in so depriving him, and he who withholds
is no lusts criminal in withholding."—CVmWrs James Fox.
u I would never have diawn my swoul in the cause of
America, if I could have conceived that thereby I was
founding a land of slavery.'5—La Fayette.
"I never mean, unless some particular circumstances
should compel me to it, to po>set.s another slave by pur-
chase, it being among my -iirst wishes to see some plan
adopted by which t-Uvery in thiscountljmay be abolished
by law."
%i But there Is only one proper and effectual mode by
which it can be accomplished, and that in bv legislative
authority, and this, as tar as my suffrage will go,hhall never
be want tug/'1— Was/i .
u 'I lie abolition of domes tic slaveiy is the greatest objcct
oi d'-i-iro hi the-Ji; eohnueH, where it wa«i unhappily intro-
dm-ed in their infant >t.itr. "—«/,•'//h-wi.
15 it is Wiong to admit into tlie Constitution the idea that
ihete can be ptnjieriy in mau.,,~.?V/rt^-.on.
'' YVr have found that tiil< evil has preyed upon the very
vita/soi'thc i/nion,au(i has born prejudicial to all the States
in which it lias existed."—.l/yji/oe.
kt N it not amazing that at a time when the rights of hu-
manity are ('et'med and understood with precision, m a
coiinny above all others fond of liberty, that in Mich an age
and in Mic h a country, we lind men piofeswinar a jeliiricTn
tin' most mild, humane,gentle, and generous, adopting such
a pmieiple, a-* icpu^nant to humanity as it is hieon<us4otit
with ilia Bible, and destructive to liberty V' —Patrick
Henry.
t " Sir, I envy neither the heart nor the head of that man
from the North who rises here to defend slavery on prin-
ciplc."—«/o/m Randolph.
  Tiie sacred lights of mankind are not to be rummaged
for among old parchments or musty iccuids. They are
written as with a sunbeam In tho whole volume of human
mum e by the hand of Divinity It ^ell, and can never be erased
or otweuicd by mortal power."—Jlicrandcr Hamilton.
" Mttie can be added to what has been said and written
on the f-nf ject <>t Ha\ery. 1 concur in the opinion that it
ought not to be introduced nor permitted in any of the new
Jtate^and Ui.it it o««lit to he giaduallv dnmnMiod and
finally abolished in all of them."—,/o/m JWf.
<* it u among the evils o( slavery, tiiat it taints the very
source*, of moral principle. It establishes faKe estimates
ot virtue and vice; for what can be more luhc ami moie
Hsa tlc^« than this doctrine, which makes tin; inti and
hofjc^t rights of humanity depend upon tin; color of the
skmr"—John Quincy Jldams.
i hus, sir, spoke some few of the great men of
the past., and the just principles by them pro-
claimed control and direct to-day all the civilized
Governments of Europe. Shall the American
Government be less just than monarchical Gov-
ernments? Shall we alone cling to slavery and
the dead past, while all Christian nations are keep-
ing step to the march of human progress, and the
demands of a higher civilization? Let us hope
not, and so act and vote as to sccurc a realization
of that hope,
I tm for the liberation, not only of all slaves in
this District, but wherever national jurisdiction
extends and the national Constitution confcrs
power. I am for if, becausc I believe it an act of
justice to white as well as black, to master as well
as slave; and, if no other reason could be given,
I am for it because, in the language of the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts, " they are
men by the grace of God, and this is enough." Free
institutions will gain strength everywhere by a
decreo of emancipation at the national capital,
while slave institutions will everywhere be weak-
ened. Such a triumph for the cause of freedom,
as the passage of this act to-day, will be welcomed
with gratitude not only by the ransomed skive,
but with joy by the people everywhere in the
loyal portions of our country. In Europe it will
be hailed by the friends of liberty and progress as
the dawning of a new era in the United States,
and it will make the line of demarkationathome
more distinct between the supporters and oppo-
nents of the Government,
I rejoice that I am about to be permitted to re-
cord my vote in favor of this humane and benefi-
cent measure. It is a day which, in common with
millions of my countrymen, I have long hoped to
see; and if f never give another vote in tins House
or elsewhere, I shall not have lived in vain, espe-
cially if I have hastened, even a single hour, the
adoption by Congress of this act of national jus-
tice and national liberation. I shall have the sat-
isfaction of leaving the enduring record of an action
of which my children cannot but be proud, and
of which no true man in any Christian nation
could be ashamed.
It is said, if the slaves in this District are at
oncc emancipated, that society and domestic reg-
ulations will be greatly deranged; that peace,
order, security, industry,and contentment will be
banished, and violence, disorder, robbery, idle-
ness and crime will increase; that such an act can
do no possible good, while it would be un just and
a great hardship to both master and slave. Such
is not my view of this act, nor such,sir, as I read
it, the history of emancipation in the British or
Danish West Indies. Such, I am sure, will not be
the result in this District. "Why, sir, with all the
disabilities imposed upon the colored population
of this District by congressional enactments, cor-
poration regulations, and blind prejudices—and
they are sufficient to weigh down and destroy the
worthy and energetic,, and encourage the vicious
and indolent—with all these disabilities, disabil-
ities without a parallel in any nation on earth,
that colored population will compare, advantage-
ously tOfthemselves, with the colored population
of any city in the free States. Tlicy have amassed
property beyond belief. Their church property
alone, as I am informed, is valued to exceed one
hundred thousand dollars. They are taxed for the
support of schools from which their childien aie
excluded, and maintain separate schools of their
own. They have societies for the support of their
sick and disabled, and never permit one of their
number to be buried at public expense. In thirty
years not one of their number has been convicted
ot a capital offense. As a body, they are indus-
trious, frugal, orderly,trustworthy,and religious.
Instead of an increase, I venture to predict, as the
earliest result of this great measure, a decrease
in disorder, theft, idleness, and crime; and as an
earnest that this prediction is not made without
some foundation, let me read to you tho preamble
and resolution adopted the other day at a meeting
of the colored ministers and leading members of
the several colored churches in this city:
" hereas wo have learned by the published proceedings
ot Longtess that theic h a probabilijy of tlie peaceful and
final abolishment of s-lavciy in the District of Columbia:
iheretore,
'•fie it 7 evolved, That we recommend to the churches
and congregations wo represent that they set apart Sunday,
the lJih day of April, 18G2, m connection with tho usual
relipous services', as a day of special prayci to Almighty
(rod, tiiat if tins great boon officcdom is vouchsafed to our
people, we may lecelvc it in a becoming manner, and by
our ordeily behavioj, om devotion to our Christian duties,
our ooedtcnce to the laws, we may show how worthv we
aie to enjoy it; and that lie would be pleased, in His "own
way ami in Hw own time, to proclaim liberty throughout
all the land, unto all tho inhabitants thereof."
Need I say to this House and the country that
the men who could draft and adopt such a pre-
amble and resolution, will receive their freedom
with heartfelt joy, and not with riotous and of-
fensive demonstrations. Before the President can
sign this bill, they will have assembled in all their
chmches to receive with piayer and thanksgiving
to the Almighty, this ransom at your hands, anci
tears of gratitude will obliterate from their hearts
the memory of the many and grievous wrongs
they have suffered from this Government and their
masters, and mingling with the echoing shouts on
the sea and on the land, their voices will unite in
gladness, with the generous hearts who every-
where will join the grand anthem, "Glory to God
in the highest, peace on earth, and good will to
men."
Mr. Chairman, the bill which we are about to
pass, could not have passed but for this pro-sla-
very rebellion. The sagacity and wisdom of many
of our statesmen, who in vain warned the nation
that slavery and freedom could not forever live
together peaceably, is being practically demon-
strated, Jefferson and Jay, Franklin and the
Adamses, Garrison and Calhoun have all warned
the people of the impossibility of long continued
peace with slavery. Speaking of the. probable
occurrence of a rupture between the North and
the South, some ten or twelve years ago, in the
United States Senate, John C. Calhoun said:
" The Wiir will last between the two sections while there
is a slave m tho South. Tiie conflict will never terminate.
Tlie South, I fear, will not sec it until it is too late. Tlicy
will bccomc mote feeble eveiy year, while the North will
grow fctiotigei and stronger."
No longer ago than in 1858, in a speech at
Springfield, Illinois, Abraham Lincoln, now Pres-
ident of the United States, made this proph<?tic
declaration, which is passing into history:
A house divided against itself cannot stand.* Ibclievo
the Government cannot endure half slave and half free. I
do not cvpcct the Union to bo dissolved. I do not expect
the House to fall, but I do expect that it will cease to be
divided. H wili become all one thhm or ail the other.
Either the opponents of slavery will arrest tlie furtherspread
of it, and place it where the public mind will lest in the
belief that it is in the course of ultimiite extinction, or its
advocates iviil pusli it forward until it shall alike become
lawful in all the States, old as well as new, North as well
as South."
How truly prophetic! To a man who compre-
hends that slavery, and slavery alone, is the cause
of this rebellion, the duty of the Government is
plain. Such a man understands that there can be
no permanent or lasting peace until tho people of
the free States arc no longer responsible for the
existence and continuance of slavery, either at the
national capital, or in any Territory or place where
Congress has constitutional power to abolish it.
Hence I rejoice at the introduction and certain
passage of this timely measure. Others, I doubt
not, will soon follow, and the people, North and
South, will gradually array themselves on the side
of freedom or on the side of slavery. There is,
and there can be but this one, all-absorbing ques-
tion in our national politics until it is disposed of,
and that will continue to be agitated until the peo-
ple " lest in the belief that it is in the course of
ultimate extinction." Until that time there can
be but two,great parties in this nation. The great
mass of a free people, in a Government such as
ours, must of necessity be divided into two, and
into but two leading political parties; and in the
present as in all coming contests on the question
of slavery, we can have but two formidable parties
struggling for the ascendency and control of the
Government. The one, no matter what its name
or designation, will be the representative of na-
tionality and freedom; the other, that of privilege
and slavery. As to other parties, representing,
or professing to represent, the various shades of
political opinions existingin the country, they can-
not long continue, but must, as the Whig, Amer-
ican, and other parties have, in all the States, fade
away before the advancing parties representing
the cherished sentiments of a pro-slavery privi-
leged class on the one hand, and the aspirations
of the people for liberty on the other.
_ Individuals, however distinguished and worthy
in all their relations in private life, who fail to co-
operate earnestly with either the one or the other
of the leading parties representing justicc and free-
dom, or privilege and slavery, will continue to dis-
appear, as they have done, from public life, and
new and bolder leaders will be chosen by the peo-
ple; for no generous and noble people will ever
knowingly trust timid and time-serving leaders,
knowing full well, as they do, that in such a con-
test as the party of privilege and slavery have
forced upon this nation by their treason and re-
bellion there can be but two armies and two battle-
fields and.two banners, that of the stars and stripes,
representing liberty and union, or that of the
