1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
which millions of dollars have been expended,and
which, when fully completed sunder the super-
vision of a great Power which was determined to
make them such, could be made as impregnable
as the rock of Gibraltar.
At the head of this noble bay our enemy would
find to tempt him a capacious navy-yard, replete
with every modern convenience and appliance ne-
cessary; for his purposes; a dry-dock within which
to repair his ships; an arsenal; barracks for his
soldiers; in short, everything necessary to enable
him to maintain his position, all built and ready
fitted to his hand. Holding these he holds Cali-
fornia; be holds the Pacific coast; he holds the gold
and silver of the mountains; he holds the commer-
cial center of the Pacific—the great mart of trade,
the growing, glorious empire of the West, the
pride of the Union and its earnest, faithful adher-
ent. Are these advantages which agrasping, pow-
erful enemy would scorn to possess himself of?
Is not this a prize worthy ambition ? Will you
expose your jewels to every thief, and then stu-
pidly wonder that they are stolen?
But I hear it said that our fortifications will pro-
tect this entrance. They will protect it against
any ordinary assailant; but let me warn the gen-
tlemen who lay that flattering unction to their
souls that it was also said that Sebastopgl could
not be taken, and yet it fell- Amistakcn economy
in refusing to purchase astrip of ground has pre-
vented the completion of the full system of forti-
fications designed to protect the entrance, and they
are yet incomplete. Alcatraz and Fort Point can-
not protect that harbor. You may pile Ossa on
Pehon at those points; as long as a fort of com-
mensurate strength is wanting on Linn Point, the
harbor is indefensible. But the best fortifications
would avail nothing if the garrisons were cut oft'
from supplies of ammunition or food.
Ourencmy in possession of this harbor, of these
fortifications, of the navy-yard, dry-dock, and ar-
senal, and in command of the inland navigation,
what could the people of California do without
cannon or ammunition, and without the means of
procuring them? How could they protect them-
selves ? Sir, they would have a choice of evils—
starvation, surrender to foreign domination, or an
exodus across the Sierras. I am no alarmist, nor
do I desire to add one jot or tittle to the embar-
rassments under which our beloved country is now
laboring. But I believe I speak the words of so-
ber truth when I say that had the iatc Trent im-
broglio not admitted of a peaceful solution; had
the views and convictions of many of my friends
and associates on this lloor been sustained by a
warlike answer to the demands of Great Britain,
or a refusal to deliver up the persons of the con-
federate embassadors, that to-day, even as we sit
here, this first blow would have been struck, and
the harbor of San Francisco sealed.
Sir, 1 have said that these evils would present
themselves to the people of California. I cannot
bear to think of the deep dis^mce and disaster to
our country implied in the loss of its Pacific States,
to think that my noble State may be the append-
age of a distant monarchy. I believe the other
alternative would be accepted by my people — that
they would fiee fiom such disgrace; and if the
time does ever come and finds us all unprepared,
as now we are unprepnred, to meet the emer-
gency, there will he witnessed an exodus from the
Pacific coast which will be ever memorable in the
history of nations—such an emigrant train as never
before wended its way across this continent. It
will travel eastward, and its course will be nmi ked
for centuries to come by the whitened bones of
thousands of men, women, and children, whose
last earthly cry was biead. Fleeing fjoin a war
against which they had no defense, from starva-
tion amid inhospitable mountains, they would fall
and die in the wilderness. Would you bid them
submit? Sir, I know the ^.Vllant heaits ot my
people. I know that ninny thousands would oon-
testjnch by inch With the invading foe—that they
would fight and conquer could they hut bo fed and
be supplied with weapons. You need no stand-
ing army m California, aside fiom small trained
garrisons m the forts, if you can furnish its haidy
sons with the means of war. But these not to In-
obtained, they would be diiven back and s.arvcd
out till they surrendered or fied, and Califor nia be
lost to the Cnion. Think you a treaty would re-
store it: Go make a treaty v/nh the vulture ! But
even if a treaty would le^tore it, would you de-
serve the adhesion of California when you left it
a defenseless prey to covetous enemies? No,sir;
once lost it is lost forever.
Sir, I have said that it is the duty of wise states-
manship to legislate for the future as well as for the
present. We cannot lift the vail which shrouds
the events of another year; but it is our duty to
use the experience of the past in determining our
course in the future.
But a little over a year ago all was sunshine
with us. If any member of this House had risen
in his seat only two short years ago and predicted
the events of the now past year as they have oc-
currcd, he would have been deemed a visionary
or a madman. Had he told us that a rebellion
would he inaugurated so powerful as to require
the organization of an army of half a million of
men to quell it, would he have been believed? Had
lie told us that our capital would be beleaguered
by an armed rebel force of two hundred thousand
men; that brother would be arrayed against bro-
ther, and father against son; that all the terrible
implements and enginery of warfare would be
brought into requisition for purposes of destruc-
tion; that fleets more powerful than ever sailed
the seas before would depart from our shores to
assail our then fellow-citizens—had he told us of
bloody battles, and disgraceful retreats, and re-
counted the sufferings of prisoners—had he told
us that two of our then honorable Senators would
become traitors and rebels to this Government,
and as such would be taken by a war vessel belong-
ing to this Government as they were proceeding
on their way as emissaries and embassadors of a
rebel government to purchase vessels, arms, and
munitions of war, and to invoke the aid of foreign
Governments to assist in our overthrow; that
their detention by us would result in a war with
England, would he not have been suspected of
idle dreaming or willful folly ? Yet all this, and
more, has occurred; and to-day we are trying to
provide means to pay or secure to be paid a debt
of ftl,000,01)0,000 on account of this war, of which
we have but just commenced the first campaign.
This is why, I repeat, it is the duty of wise
statesmanship to provideforthe future. We know
that we are passing through a fiery ordeal. We
have just escaped the brink of a precipice—the
honors of a war with the most powerful nation on
the earth; a war which, while it would affect the
Atlantic States disastrously, would have brought
total ruin and desolation to the inhabitants of the
Pacific coast, unless they threw themselves with-
out resistance into the arms of the foreign foe. It
is the light of those people to ask, it is the duty
of Congress to piovidc, means of protection; and
we believe that protection is best afforded, can, m
fact, be only afforded by the immediate construc-
tion of ji railroad connecting the Atlantic States :
with those of the Pacific. If we are expected to j
repel invasion, we must he provided with the no-
cessary means. We must either have vast store- j
houses m which to gather grain, food, and cloth- ;
ing sufficient for many years. We must havean |
accumulation of ordnance, ammunition, and mate- \
ritl of v\ ar sufficient to maintain afive-yeai's war ,
if necessary, or we must have a railroad over which j
to transport these supplies. 1 believe it is con- i
ceded that any attempt to undertake the irans- !
portation of these supplies and stores by wagons [
across the Territories is idle. In support of tins •
statement 1 may be permitted to quote fiom the '
report of the Secretaiy of W<ir upon the Public |
latiroad surveys during the administration of jNJr. j
Pierce—tin then i Ion Jefferson Davis—now the
niiinaiy commander of the forces m armed ichel- ,
lion against this Government. While I, in com- i
mon with all lovi.rs of the Union, can scarcely !
find words to express my abhorience of the iceent j
acts of this rebel chief, yet, in the presentdisposi- j
tion of his aimies and forces, we find abundant j
proof of his military sagacity and of the truth of i
his observations that I shall quote. Ho is now ,
maintaining positions which but lor railroads |
would be utteily untenable. lie is practically |
illustrating the general inuh of his argument upon j
the necessity uf raihoad facilities for military 1
transportation; a.id I ceil upon gentlemen here to ;
controvert the truth of these statements and argu- |
menu if they can. lie says:
•'*The i,ie?> developed by the.-e suiveys, added to oilier I
mfoiiii.ii ion winch w e pob^es^, sugLre-"t.-ome coii'-ideiations
el meat interest u all repaid to out a trttoi\ on Hie Pacific. ,
The} I i! :w :i nairow «lopo of an lo'ciaire widfh of
ei one bundled and fi<ty miles ot cultivable land. .
skirting the ocean for a distance of a thousand miles, rich
in those mineral productions which are tempting even be-
yond their value, and which would be most readily turned
to the use of an invader; drained by two rivers of wide-
spread brandies, and with seaports lying so directly upon
the ocean that a hostile fleet could commence an attack
upon any one of them within a few hours alter being de-
scried irom land; or, if Joitified against attack, so few in
number that comparatively few ships would suffice to block-
ade them.
"This temtoryis not more remote from the principal
Euiopcan Status than fiom those parts of our own country
whence it would derive its military supplies ? and some of
those States have colonies and possessions on the Pacific,
which would greatly facilitate their operations against it.
With these advantages, and those which the attacking foice
always has of choice of time and placeman enemy possess-
ing a considerable military marine could, with compara-
tively little cost to himselt, subject us to enormous expenses
in giving to our Pacific frontier that protection which it is
the duty of the General Government to afford.
" In the first years ot a war with any great maritime Power
the communication by sea could not be relied upon forthc
tmnspoitation of supplies from the Atlantic to the Pacific
States. Our naval peace establishment would not furnish
adequate convoys lor the number of stoie-ships which it
would bo necessary to employ; and store-ships alone, laden
with supplies, could not undertake a voyage of twenty thou-
sand miles, parsing numerous neutral ports, where "an en-
emy's armed vessels, even ot the smallest size, might lie
in wait to mfeicept them
"The only line of communication, then, would be over-
land ; and by tin- it would be impiactieable, with any means
heretofore used, to furnish the amount of supplies required
for the defense of the Pacific fi ontiei. At the present prices
ovci the best pai t of tiiis mute, the expense of land ti ans-
poitdtiun alone, for the annual supplies of provisions, cloth-
ing, camp equipage, and ammunition for such an army as
it would be necessary to maintain there, would exceed
$:30,000,000; and to maintain troops and carry on defensive
operations under those cncumstances, the expense per man
would be six times sreatei than it is now; the land transport-
ation of each field twelve-pounder, with a due supply of am-
munition I'oi one jeai, would cost $2,500; of each twenty-
lour-pounder and ammunition, $9,000; and of a sea-coast
gun and ammunition,$12,000. The transportation of ammu-
nition for a year ioi a thousand sea-coast guns would cost
$10,000,000. But the cost of transportation would be vastly
increased by a war; and at the rates that were paid on the
northern frontier during the last war with Great Britain, the
above e.-timales would be trebled. The time requhed for
the overland journey would be from four to six months. In
point of fact, however, supplies for such an army could not
be transported across the continent. On the arid and barren
belts to be crossed the limited quantities of water and grass
would soon be exhausted bv the numerous diaught animals
requned for heavy trains, and over such distances forage
could not be earned foi theii subsistence.
"On the other hand, the enemy would send out his sup-
plies at fiom one seventh to one twentieth the above rates,
and in less tune—pcihnps in one fourth the time—if lie coulu
obtain command ol the Isthmus loute.
" Any reliance, therefore, upon fur nishing that part of our
frontier with means of defense from the Atlantic and into-
lioi Slates, aftei the commencement of hostilities, would
be vain; and the next resource would be to accumulate
there Mich amount of stoics and supplies as would suffice
duiiug the conlinuancc of the contest, or until we could
obtain command ol the sea. Assifnuucbuta moderate limit
to this penod, the expense would yet be enormous, The
fortifications, depots, and stoie-hou^Cs would neeessanly
be on the knger-t scale, and the co-t of placing supplies theie
for live year^" would amount to nearly one hundied million
doliais.
'•in many ie?peei«5, the cost during peace would be equiv-
alent to that duung war. The peushable chaiactci ot many
■uncles would lender it pcihap* impracticable to put pio-
vif-ions in depot foi such alength of time; and, in any ease,
there would bedeteuoration amounting to some millions ol
dollai - p< i ye,u
" These consideration^, and other? of a strictly military
ehaiacter, caiwi the Dcpaitment to examine with interest
ail piojecls piomi.-nig the aeeoniph'-hmcntoi a raihoad com-
munication between the navigable wateis of the Mississippi
and tho-e ol the Pacific ocean. As mihtaiy operations
depend in a gtcafer device upon rapidity and ceitaml) ol
movement th.ui upon anv other eucum^tanco, the intro-
duction ot niiivwty ti anspotutiou l\u< mcatly improved the
nu aiH oi'dftenriins nui Atlantic and niJaiuUronueis; and
to give u - .i ot ceuuty liom a!tack upon the inns-t
e\.)OM'd poinon of oui territory, it is lequisite that the fa-
eihtv ot raihoad uan-poitation siiould be extended to the
Pacific eoa-t Were Mich a road completed, oui Pat die
co,)-t, in hen of bonig fuithei removed m time, and less
accessible to u<tl an to an enemy, weald he biought within
a few da} < of ea-y communication, and tiie cost of t-uppiy-
mgan aimv there, uMead of being mans tinier -rieater to
us than to him, would be about equal. We would be le-
heved ot the necessity of accumulnting lar e supplies on
tnatcoa^r, to waste, perhaps tluouidi lomjjeai-^ ol [kmcc ;
and we could feel entire confidence that, let wai com" when
and with whom it uiaj, before a hostile expedition could
reach that e\poscd Iroutiei, an ample force could Ik; placed
there to ii pel any attempt at invasion/'
Sir, I can add little to such an argument; it is
comprehensive and conclusive.
It is said that the eounti y is now struggling1 for
existence; Unit immense debts arc being- incurred;
and that we cannot now go into further debt until
the present diilicvltios have been overcome; and
that even if the construction of the road wcrecom-
mep.eed now it could not be completed w.tiun the
next teu yoais.
Sir, if the position f have assumed is correct,
to wit, that, this work is a military necessity, it is
