104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1L,
37th Com...2d Sess.
Slavery in the District—Mr. Hutcliins.
Ho, of Reps.
"deprived of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law." The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] quotes it no " freeman."
It will be remembered that this clause is in article
five of amendments, and was recommended by
Worth Carolina and Virginia. As originally pro-
posed, the word " freeman" occupied the place
of the word " person." As it now stands, there
is no mistaking its meaning. Therefore, to de-
prive a person of his life or liberty or property
within the national jurisdiction, without due pro-
cess of law, is a palpable violation of this clause
of the Constitution. What is due process of law ?
I will allow the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] to define it. He says, "the pro-
cess of law alluded to is, as defined by Coke and
every other jurist, a judicial trial." I know the
gentleman quoted tins to show that a slaveholder
could not he deprived of property in his slaves by
a law of Congress. No law of Congress can give
property in man, and when it is shown that the
slave's Liberty wtis taken from him by a law, and
not by a judicial fiinl, the gentleman's* argument
fails; but his definition of the words of the Con-
stitution " (Jueprucessoflaw"showsconcluvsively
that, th-e law of Congress continuing in force, the
law of Maryland making certain persons slaves
is unconstitutional, null,and void. Slaves in this
District could and should be released from their
servitude by the judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction. The alleged slave-owners having no
legal right to the services of the poisons they claim
to hold aa slaves, it follows that they are not justly
entiled to compensation. If these unfortunate
persons have earned their clothes, board, and other
expenses incurred, then theie is nothing due the
persons for whom they have labored. If they
liave not paid their way, then they are of no value
to their alleged owners, and they ought to be glad
to be relieved of their support. In no aspect, as
1 view it, is the provision in this bill allowing com-
pensation ju«t. But as I am satisfied that a ma-
jority of Congress do not think as I do on this
question of compensation, and to save the bill, I
will vote for it as it came from th« .Senate.
With slavery in the District will fall the bar-
barous code which upholds it. The cruelties and
oppressions here practiced, in hearingand in sight
of the nation's representatives, are a burning dis-
grace to a nution claiming civilisation or profess-
ing humanity or Christianity. 1 will rcier only
to a few well-authenticated ca.scs. Emanuel Ma-
son and his wife were claimed as the property of
Mists Forruftt, formerly of Marlboro', Maryland,
but in (he year 1850 resident of the Oi stiict of
Columbia. Borne years since,Mason purchased
hirf freedom for $31)0. lie afterwards hired the
time of his wife by the month or year, and kept
house in the District, and has raised several chil-
dren at his own expense; and as soon as they
were large enough to be of value, being born of
a slave mother, aecoidmg to the law of slavery,
were the property of Miss Forrest, and they were
all taken from him by the alleged owner of his
wife, exceptaUttle son called "Hen." Aboutone
year before March, 1859, Miss Forrest took the
wife of Mason home, leaving only with the father
little Hen. Some lime after an officer of the Dis-
trict called on the lather lor his son Ben, that he,
too, might be sold for the benefit of his pretended
unstress. The oificer could not find him, and he
requested Mason to go and look up the boy and
bring him to the office. The father did not pro-
duce the son as directed. He was consequently
anested, tried, and convicted, and the following
notice of his trial is contained in the National
Intelligencer of May 17, 1859:
" Emanuel Mason, (colored,) recently convicted of har-
boung his '-on, a .slave, the property of Miss Forrest, was
yestmi.)) -sentenced to pay .i fine of ,$166 66, being §1 66
for every hourthe «hi\v was so hnrborcd ; one half of said
amount to go to the use of the owner of the slave, and the
other half to ihe United Mtates. The defendant was placed
in jail till the fine shall be paid."
Washington City, D. C*, May 10,1839.
To Hon. Jud?e Crawford:
We, the subscriber*, neighbors and acquaintances of
Emanuel Mason, do most respectfully ask your Honor to be
as lenient as possible in said MasonV case. We have for
year." known Mason to be an indubious, moral, temperate,
poor, peaceable, honest man, nndwe have icason to believe
that '• little Ren," {who is the last and j oungest child of
Mason.) left Mason's residence without .my direction of
the father, the said Emanuel. And, fuither, wo do know
that{(little Ben" was raised fiom birth and infancy in the
liousc and at the cost of said Emanuel, his father; and that
ho had never been out of the possession of Mason up to the
time the officer came for the boy in September last. Ana,
further, we do not believe that Emanuel knows anything
of his (« Ben's") wheieabouts. And, further, please to take
into consideration the fact that Emanuel has been confined
in jail a long time, to wit: more than foity days sinec his
trial and conviction. And, finally, think, oh ! tlunk of a
father's feelings. JOHN W. MTLLEIl.
AMOS HUNT.
W. 8. WRIGHT.
NICHOLAS McCUBBEN.
s. (j. bradley.
ELIAS li.EAKLE.
T. LOWELL.
In 1828, over one thousand of the then principal
citizens of this District petitioned Congress for the
gradual abolition of slavery here, and the repeal
of the cruel code by the authority of which such
oppressions were practiced. (See Document No.
140, second session Twenty-Third Congress.)
Among these petitioners wore such names as Jon-
athan Elliott, Henry Burdick, and W. Cranch.
I make a few extracts from this petition;
" We, the undersigned, citizens of the counties of Wash-
ington and Aloxandiia, in the District ol Columbia, beg
leave to cali the attention of your honoiable body to an evil
of serious magnitude, which gieatly impairs the prospcuty
and happiness-of tins District and casts the reproach of in-
consistency upon the free institutions established among us.
While the laws of the United States denounce the foieign
slave trade as piracy, and punish with death tho*c vvho arc
found engaged in its perpetration, theie exists in this Dis-
trict, the scatot the national Government, a domestic slave
trade scarcely less disgiaeeful in its character, and even
more demoralizing in it- influence. For this is not, like
the foimer, can led on against a barbaious nation ; its vic-
tims are reared up among the people of this eotmtty, edu-
cated m the pieceptsofthesamoieligion,and imbued with
similar domestic attachments. These people aie, without
their consent, torn from then homes ; husband and wife arc
fier|iiently separated and sold into distant parts; children
an: taken ftom their patents, without icgard to the ties of
natuie; and the most endowing bonds of affection are broken
fotever. Nor is this uatlic confined to those who are legally
slaves for life. Some who aie entitled to freedom, and many
who have a limited timo to serve, aie sold into uncondi-
tional slavery; and, owing to the defectiveness of our laws,
they are geneialty carried out of the District before the ne-
eessaiy steps can betaken foi their leleasc. We behold
these sceneseontimially takingplace among us, and lament
our inability 10 prevent them. The people of this District
have, within themselves, no means ol legislative redress;
mid wo therefore appeal to your honotable body, as the only
one invested by the American Constitution with the power
to relieve us.
11 Nor is it only fiom the lapacity of slave traders that the
colored race in this Distuet are doomed to suffer, even the
laws which govern us, sanction and dncct, m certain eases,
a procedure that we behove is unparalleled m glaimg injus-
tice by anything at present known among the Governments
ol Christendom. An instance of the operation ofthese laws,
winch oecuired during the la^tsummei, we will bueily re-
late. Aeoioied man who stated Unit lie was entitled to
freedom was taken upas a mmiway -lave, and lodged in
the jail of Washington city, lie was advertised, but no one
appealing to claim bun. he \va<, accoidnig to law, put up
at public miction foi the payment of his.jail fees, and sold
as a slave (or life ! lie was puiehased by a slave trader,
who was not requited to give secuiity tor hh lcmainmg in
the District, and he was soon after shipped at Alexandtia
for one of the southern States. An attempt was made by
some benevolent individuals to have the sale postponed
until his claim to freedom could be investigated ; but their
efforts were unavailing, and thus was a human being sold
into perpetual bondage at the capital of the fieest Govern-
ment on eaith without even a pretense of trial, or allegation
ofcrime.
'• We blush for om country while we relate this disgrace-
ful transaction, and we would fain conceal it!iom the world
did not its very enormity mspiie us with the hope that it
will rouse the philanthropist and the patuot to excition.
We have no hesitation m believing voui honorable body
never intended that this odious law should be enloreed ; it
was adopted with the old eode of Mainland, ftom which,
we believe, it has been expunged since this District was
ceded to the General Government.
The existence among us of a distinct class of people,
who, by their condition as slave*, arc deprived of almost
ovety incentive to virtue and industry, and sluit out from
many ot the sources of light and knowledge, has an evident
tendency tocoirupt the morals of the people and to damp
tiic spirit of cnteipiisc, by accustoming the rising geneia-
tion to look with contempt upon the honest laborer, and to
depend for support too much upon the labor of others. It
pi events a useful and industiious people from settling among
us, by rendering the means ot subsistence more precarious
to the laboring class* of whites. It diminishes the resources
of the community, by tin owing the earnings of the poor into
the coffeis of the rich ; thus rondeu'ng the former depend-
ent, scivile, and improvident, while the latter are tempted
to become, m the same propoition, luxurious and prodigal.
That these disastrous results flow fiom the existence of
slaver}'among ir*, is sufficiently conspicuous, when we con
trast the languishing condition of this District and the sur-
rounding country with the prosperity of those parts of the
Union which are less tavored in point of climate and loca-
tion, but blessed with a free and industrious population."
No more cogent reasons need be given for the
passage of the bill now under discussion than the
statements contained in this petition. Shall Con-
gress be longer responsible for such barbarous
cruelties as are described by the citizens of this
District? Let " the sum of villainies" be ban-
ished from the District, and the villain's " occu-
pation will begone." Slavery should be abolished
as the beginning of an end—the ultimate extinc-
tion of slavery from the Republic. The permanent
existence of slavery in this Government is incom-
patible with the permanency of the Republic.
Slavery is the cause of the present war, is fill-
ing the land with sorrow and mourning, and
burdening the people with oppressive taxation.
Where slavery is strongest, there the rebellion is
strongest. Where there is no sympathy with sla-
very, there is no sympathy with the rebellion. It
is the spirit of slavery in this District which has
saturated the atmosphere with treason and imper-
iled the capital of the nation. It was the spirit of
slavery which, on the 19th of April last, painted
the pavements in the streets of Baltimore red with
Massachusetts blood. It is asserted that slavery
agitation is the cause of the war; but this is put-
ting the effect for the cause. It was the efforts of
the advocates of perpetual slavery to nationalize
the institution against the clear intent of the framcrs
of the Constitution which caused the agitation.
Slavery in I860, in the presidential contest,
demanded the birthright of freedom or its life.
Freedom protested and appealed to the peaceful
arbitrament of the ballot-box for redress, and suc-
ceeded, and thereupon slavery rebelled. Slavery
being founded in force, threatens force against
peaceful and lawful efforts to interfere with it,
and the present wicked rebellion is the logical
results of the existence of slavery in our nation.
Mr. Chairman, I meet you upon the public
highway and demand your money or your life—
you protest,and I take your life—you caused the
murder, because you agitated my right to your
■ money! This is the logic of those who assert
that slavery agitation caused the war. I do not
suppose there would have been war if everything
had been conceded to slavery. Allow it to rule
and dictate the policy of the Government,of course
it would be anxious for peace-. This is the mo-
tive of the peace party, North and South. This is
the motive of the reorganized Democratic party,
of which my distinguished colleague [Mr. Val-
landigham] is the acknowledged leader.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] opposes this bill, because it would endanger
slave property in Maryland and Virginia, and
would be a breach of faith on the part of the Gov-
ernment to those States. The breach of faith is
on the part of those States in not abolishing sla-
very long ago, according to the expectations of
their most distinguished statesmen, Luther Mar-
tin, Washington, Jefferson, Mason, and Henry.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] opposes this bill because it will tend to irri-
tate those deluded men now m arms against the
Government. I had supposed that the ideaof con-
quering the rebellion with kindness had been tried
to the satisfaction of the most sanguine of that
school. The sorrowing friends of the mangled
dead and wounded upon many a well-fought bat-
tle-field, will have a word to say on that subject.
The gentleman advocates mild measures, especi-
ally concerning slavery, to woo back the erring
sons of the South, but before we kill the fatted
calf, we had better be satisfied that those prodigal
sons have ceased to feed on the husks of seces-
sion, and have abandoned the harlots of treason.
In connection with the jointresolution which Con-
gress has just passed, on the recommendation of
the President, in what is called his emancipation
message, this measure is most opportune and im-
portant. I regard that message, and the action of
Congress upon it,as a chepring evidence that the
Government appreciates the issue that the rebel-
lion has forced upon the nation. It inaugurates a
new era, and opens a new field of anti-slavery dis-
cussion. The policy of gradual emancipation by
lawful means will necessarily be discussed in the
slaveholding States. The President's message is
addressed to them in the language of kindness and
in a tone of firmness. It kindly suggests that sla-
very is the enemy of the Union, and firmly asserts
that " the Union must be preserved, and hence all
indispensable means must be employed. Such as seem
indispensable or may obviously promise great effi-
ciency towards ending the struggle, must and ivill
come."
