2584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Utt&et tins act, (n,nd any word or words in this act indicat-
ing or referring to peison oi person's frliail be tuken to mean
and include partnerships, firms, associations, or coi pota-
tions, when not othei wise designated or manifestly incom-
patible with the intent thereof,) shall comply with the Al-
lowing requirements, that is to say: Fust. .Every such
person shall, on the 1st day of the second month next fol-
lowing the passage of this act, or within ten days theieafter,
make a statement in writing,'showing ^1) the gross, amount
of sales, whether made lor cash or credit, or in barter or
exchange, of all goods, wares, meichamhse, produce, or
other articles, whether foreign or domestic, sold by or for
him during the calendar month next following the passage
of this act; (Q) the gross proceeds of all sales of real estate
made by or for h.iin during the same period, as provided in
section thirty-seven; (3) lus gross receipts, as piovided in
section thirty-eight; which statement shall bo subscribed
and verified by affidavit of the party making the same, and
shall be delivered to the inspector or ins^deputy as soon as
practicable after his appointment; and if at the time of de-
livery thereof the revenue stamps shall not have been placed
in the hands of the postmaster for sale, such statementshall
be by the inspector returned to the party making the same
for affixing theieto the requisite amountof revenue stamps
due thereon, as soon as the same can be procured, where-
upon the &arae shall be taken by the inspector and deposed
of as provided by this act. Second. Every such poison
shall, on the 1st day of each and every month thereafter, or
within ten days thereof, make the hke statement for the cal-
endar irionth'next pieceding, with the requisite amount of
revenue stamps affixed thereto, which statement shall be
subscribed and verified in like manner. Thiid. Every such
person engaged m the manufacture or production of any
article or articles liable to specific tax under the provisions
of this act, shall m like manner and for the same successive
periods make icturn in writing, showing the amount of such
manufacture or production, with the requisite amountof
revenue stamps affixed thereto. Fomih. Every sucli per-
son, the. gross receipts of whose occupation, business, or
calling are changeable with tax or duty underthe provisions
of this act, shall in like manner and lor the same successive
periods make return in writing, subsenbed and vcnfied as
aforesaid, showing the amount of such gross receipts, with
the requisite amount of revenue stamps affixed theieto.
Fifth. All such return*, statements, de&etipiions, memo-
randa, oaths, and affirmations shall be m form, scope, and
detail as may be pi escribed from lime to time by the Com-
missioner oi internal Revenue.
Sec.-15. And be it Jm thei enactcd, That upon the amounts
required to be shown as aforesaid in the first and fourth
subdivisions ot the preceding section, the rate of tax or duly
to be levied, and collected and paid in revenue stamp*, as
her em provided, «hall be one percent , and upon the amount
required to be shown as aforesaid m the thud subdivision
of the preceding section (he tale of tax or duty to be levied,
and collected and paid in icveiiue stamps, shall be as is pro-
vided by this act.
Sec. -16. And be it further enacted. That for neglect or
refusal to pay the duties piovided by this act on nianutae-
tuied articles, as aforesaid, the goods, u arcs, and merchan-
dise manufactured and unsold by such manufacturer, and
for neglect or icfusal to pay the duties provided by this act
on stilca, any oihei goods, wares, or merchandise of the
vender of equal value may he lor felted to the United States,
and may be sold or di-posed of I'm the benefit of the same,
In manner as shall he piescubed by the Commissions oi
Internal Revenue, undei the direction oi the Secretaiv oi
the Tieasuiy. in such case the inspector or deputy in-
spector may take possession of said aitieles, and may main
tain such possesion in the premises and buildings where
they may have been manufactured, or deposited, or may
be. He shall summon, giving notice ol not loss than two
nor moie than ten days to the panics in possession ot said
good*, enjoining them to appeal bebuehim at a day and
hour in such summons jived, then and thei o to show cause,
if any there be, why, tor such neglect or refusal, .such ai ti-
des should not be declared foileiied to the United States.
Such peisons or parties interested .shall be deemed to be
the manulacturcis or vendeis of the same, as the case may
be, n the aitieles shall be, at the tune of taking such pos-
session upon the premises where manufactured oi sold ; it
they shall at such time have been removed liom the place
ot inanutaeiui e <u sale, the parties interested shall be
dceim d to he ihe peison in who-e custody or possession the
articles shall then be, except where the same shall have
been transfened to an innocent purchaser. Such summons
bhall be skived upon such parties in peison, or by leaving
a copy thereof at the place ot abode oi business of the party
to whom the -ame may he directed. Incase no such party
or place can be lound, which fact, shall be detcimined by
the inspector's return on the summons,such notice.in the
nature of a summons, shall he given by advertisement (or
the term of three weeks in one newspaper m the county
nearest to the place of Mich.sale. It at or before such hear-
ing such duties shall not have lucn p.ad, and the in-
spector sit all adiudffc ihc summons and notice, sci vice and
return of the same, to be sufficient, the said aitieles shall
be declared forteit, and shall he sold, disposed ol, or turned
over to the u&e of any Department ot the Government, as
may be directed bv the Secietaiv of thcTiea-auv, wliomay
require of any olhcei of the Government into whose pos-
session the same may he turned over ihe pioper voucher
therelor: Piomded, That the piocecds ol the-ale of said
articles, if any theie he aftei deducting the dunes tbeieon,
togethei wall the expen&e^ of summon'-, adveitising, and
sale, or the exccso of the value o( said aiticlc**, alter de-
ducting the duties and expenses acciued theieon wh"n
turned over to the use of any Department of the Govern-
ment, shall be icfunded and paid to the maiiufactuier or
vender, or to the peison in whose custody or possession the
aitie es where when seized. The Commissioner of fnter-
nal Revenue, with the approval of the Secret™ v of the
J leasmv, may review any such case of forfeiture,\uul do
justice in Ue piemiscs. If the forfeiture shall have been
wrongly declared, and sale made,the Secietaiv is heieby
authorized, in edae thespccil'ic articles cannot be lestored
to the p-itlv aggrieved in as good ordei and condition as
when seized, to make up to such paity in money his loss
and damage from the contingent fund of his Department.
Immediate return of seizures so forfeited shall be made to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue by the inspector or
deputy inspector who shall make any such seizure. Arti-
cles which the inspector may adjudge perishable may be
sold or disposed of before declaration or forfeiture. Said
sales shall be made at public auction, and notice thereof
shall be given in the same manner as is provided in this
section in case of forfeiture.
Sec. 47. And be it further enactcd, Thatany violation of,
or refusal to comply with, the provisions of sections forty
five and forty-nine of this act, shall be good cause forseiz-
ure and foifeiture, substantially in manner as detailed m the
section next preceding this, of all manufactured articles lia-
ble to specific tax under the provisions of this act. and not
otherwise provided for; and such violation or refusal to
comply shall further make any party so violating ot refusing
to comply liable to a fine of $500, to be recovered in man-
ual' and lorm as provided in this act.
Sec. 48. *3rid be it further enactcd, That in case of the
manufacture and sale or delivery of any goods, wares, mer-
chandise, or articles as hereinafter mentioned, without com-
pliance on the pait of the party manulactunng the same
with all or any of the requirements and regulations pre-
scribed in this act iu lelation theieto, the inspector may,
upon such information as he may have, assume and esti-
mate the amount and value ot such manufactures, and upon
such assumed amount assess the duties, and said dunes
shall be collected in hke manner as in case the piovisions
oi this act in relation thereto had been complied with, and
to such articles all the foiegoing provisions loi hens, fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, shall m like manner apply.
Sec. 49. And be it jurther enacted, Thar whenever the
Secretary of the Tieasury shall be satisfied, upon sufficient
evidence under oath filed with him, that any of the penal-
ties, fines, or foifeituies incurred under the provisions of
this act, tespecting the time or modes of registiation or re-
turns, were inclined without the willful intention or fault
of the party incurring them, he shall be, and is heieby, au-
thoiized to remit the same or any part theieof.
Sec. 50. And beit further enacted, That it it shall be found
and repotted to the President by the Secictary ofthc Treas-
ury that the revenue produced by the provisions ofthis act
exceeds the amount lequired to meet the appropriations
made by Congiess, or that the same is insufficient to meet
such appropuations, the President shall he, and is hereby,
authoiized by proclamation to vaiy the iate ol one per cent,
as fixed by tins act, and to establish in lieuthereoi another
rate not exceeding a variation therefrom of one halt of one
pei cent.
Sec. 51. And beit further enacted, That if any person shall
forge or counterfeit, or cause or ptocure to be lorged or coun-
terfeited, any stamp or die, or any part of any stamp or die,
which shall have been provided, made, or used in pursu-
ance of this act, or shall forge, eounteileit, or teseinble, or
cause or pioeure to be foiged, counterfeited,ot resembled,
the impression, or any part ot the impression of any such
stamp or die as aloiesaid, upon any vellum, parchment, oi
papet, or shall stamp or maik, or cause or pioeure to be
stamped or marked, any vellum, pnichmcnt, or paper, with
any such foiged or counterfeited stamp oi die, oi patt of
any stamp or die as atoicsanl, with intent to defraud the
United States of any o( the dunes hereby imposed, or any
pait theieofjoi if any peison shall utter or ?><,!!, oi expose
to sale, any such stamp oi die, or any vellum, paiehment,
oi papei, article or thing, having thei cupon the impiession
of any such counterfeited stamp or die, or any part ot any
stamp oi die, oi any such foiged, counterfeited, or resem-
bled stamp, impression,oi part ot impiession as aforesaid,
knowing the same respectively to he lorged, counterfeited,
oi iesembled,oi il any person shall knowingly use any stamp
oi 'die whfh shall have been so piovided, made, or used
as aforesaid, with intent to defraud the United States, or if
any p  ison .shall tinuduhsiitly cut, teai, or gel off, or cause
or ptocme to be cut, torn, or «otofT, the stamp oi the im-
plosion of any stamp or die which shall have been pro-
vided, made, or used iu puisuance ot this act, fiom any
vellum, paiehment, orpapei, or any insti rune tit or wnting
charged or chargeable with any of the stamps or duties
heieby imposed, then, and in every such ease, eveiy per-
son ^o offending, and every person knowingly and willfully
aiding, abetting, or assisting in com nutting any such offense
as afoi esaid, shall be deemed guilty of leiony,and shall, on
conviction theieof, be punished "in line not exceeding
f5*1,000, and by imprisonment and confinement at haul labor
not exceeding five years.
Tax on incomes.
Srr. fi'l. And he it fuithcr enactcd, That from and after
the 1st day of July ne\t theic is hereby levied, and there
shall be collected and paid annually upon the annual in-
come of every p.T ou le&ulmg m the United States, the
Terntojies thereof, oi the District of Columbia, and upon
the income of every citizen of the United States residing
without the United States, where such income accrues
from icnts of lands, buildings, or tenements; from ml'1 rest,
where the same accrues upon am bond, obligation, or pioui-
l-e of any public or private incorporation; from bonds,
obligations, or promises of the United States, of any Slate
ot the United States, or Teiritoiies thereof, or District of
Columbia, or of any county, city, oi town within the Uni-
ted States, flve per cent.
Sec 53. And be it further enacted^ That the duties on
, incomes herein imposed shall be due and payable on the
i tfdth day ot June, 1863, and upon that day in eacli year
| thereafter, and shall be ascertained, verified, and paid in
I the manner as follows: eveiy person, oi the agent having
| eluuge of the business or income of any person liable for
j the payment of the duties imposed by the last preceding
i section, shall, within ten days from the 1st day of July, 1863,
j and within ten days fiom the 1st day of July m each year
i theieafiei, make and file with the mspectoi oi his deputy
i ofihe distilctm which he resides a statement,duly sworn
j to by the pmty making the statement, showing the full and
j entire income of the peison liable, as atuiesaid, from any
I or all the sources of income mentioned in the section List
j pieccdmg on which tbe duty is imposed, foi the year pie-
I ceding the filing of such statement; and the taxes or duties
thereon shall be paid by the requisite amountof revenue
stamps affixed to such account.
Peo. 54. And be it fur ther enacted, That if any person or
persons liable to pay such income duly shall neglect or re-
fuse to pay the same, or shall refuse to make a sworn state-
ment of the amount theieof, the same may be estimated by
the inspector,fiom the best information he may be able to
obtain, and the amount due shall be a lieu m favor of the
United Stales, from the time it was so due until paid, with
the penalties, costs,and forfeitures that may accrue in ad-
dition thereto, as in other cases of delinquency piovided
for in this act, upon all the property and lights to property,
stocks, securities, and debts ofevery description fiom winch
the income upon which the said duty is levied shall have
accrued or may or should accrue; and in delaultof the pay-
ment of said duty for the space of thirty days, after the
same shall have become due, said lien may bo enforced by
distraint upon such propeity, rights to property,stocks, se-
cuiities, and evidences of debt, by whomsoever held, and
upon any properly belonging lo Ihe person liable for the
duty; and for this purpose ihe inspector may proceed to
levy the said duty on such pioperty, rights of property,
stocks, secunties, or any other propeity belonging to the
parties liable to such tax, with the expenses of said levy
added thereto, and the penalties and charges authorized by
this act, and may sell the same after ten days'public nouee.
And in all cases of sale as aforesaid the conveyance of the
officer authoiized to make the sale, duly executed, shall give
a valid title to the purchaser, whethei such property be
real or peisonal; and when the subject of such sale shall be
stocks, ihe ceitifieate of such sale shall give lawful author-
ity to the proper corpoiation, company, or association, and
make it their duty to record the same on their books orrec-
oids in the same manner as it" transferred or assigned by
Ihe per.~on or pnrty holding the same, to is.sue new certifi-
cates of stock therefor in lieu of the onginal or prior cer-
tificates, which shall be void whether canceled or not;
and said ceititicate of sale of tbe officer aforesaid, when
the subject ot sale shall be securities or other evidences of
debt, shall be good and valid, except to the person or party
holding the same, as against any person or persons holding,
oi claiming ft) hold, possession of such securities or other
evidences of debt.
Legacies and distributive shates of property.
Sec 55 And be itfinfker enactcd, That any person or per-
sons withm the United States having in charge or trun, as
administratis, executors, ortiustcosof any legacies ordts-
tnbutive shares arising from property, of any kind whatso-
ever, where the whole amount of such personal propeity,
as aforesaid, shall exceed the sum of ,$] ,000 in actual value,
passing fiom any person who may die after the passage ot
this act possessed of such pioperty, (being within the Uni-
ted States.) either by will or by the intestate laws of any
State or Territory, or the Distnct of Columbia, or any part
of such property or interest therein, transferred by deed,
grant, bargain, sale, oi gift, made or intended to take effect
in possession or enjoyment alter ihe death ot the gi antor or
bargainor, to any person or persons, or to any body or
bodies politic oi corporate, m trust oi othervvi-e, shall be,
and heieby ate, made subject to a duty or tax, to be paid to
the United States, as follows; that is to say. Fust. Wheie
the peison oi persons entitled to any beneficial interest m
such property «.hali ho the lineal issue or lineal ancestor,
broihei oi sistei, to the person who died possessed of such
propeity, as afoiesaid, at and aftei the rate of one dollar for
each and eveiy §'100 of the eleai value of such interest in
such pioperty. Second. Where the person or persons en-
titled to any beneficial inteiest in such properly shall be a
descendant of a biother or sister of ihe person who died
possc-sed, as aforesaid, at and alter the rate of two dollars
for each and every §100 of the clear value of such inteiest.
Thud. Wheie the peison or persons entitled to any bene-
ficial interest in such pioperty shall be a brother or sister of
the father oi mother, or a descendant of a biother or sister
of the father oi mother of the poison who died possessed,
as afoiesaid, at and atler the iate of four dollars tor each
and eveiy £100 of the clear value of such interest. Fourth.
Wheie the person or pei-ons entitled to any beneficial in-
terest m such pioperly shall be a brother or sister of Ihe
grandfather oi grandmother, or a descendant of the brother
ot sister of the grandfather ot grandmother of the poison
who died possessed, as aforesaid,at and after the rate ofsix
dollars lor each and every §"100 of the clear value of such
inteiest. Frith. Wheie the person or peisons entitled to any
beneficial interest in such piopeity shall be m any other de-
gree of collateral consanguinity than is hci einbetoie stated,
or shall be a stranger^n blood to the peison who died pos-
sessed, as aforesaid, or shall be a body politic oi coipoiate,
at and after the iate of eight dollars for each and evety $100
ot the clear value of such inteiest: JP)o tided, That nil lega-
cies oi propeity passing by will, or by the la\v-> of any State
or Termor), to husband or wife of the person who died pos-
sessed,as alotcsaul, shall be exempt from tax oi duty.
Sec. 56. And be it. further enacted, That the tax or duty
afoiesaid shall be a hen and ehaige upon Hie property of
every peison who may die, as aloresanl, until the same
shall be fully paid to and discharged by the United States;
arid eveiy executor, administrator, or other poison who
may take the burden oi trust of administration upon such
piopeiiy shall, atter taking such burden or trust,and before
paying or distubutnig any portion thereof to the legatees
or any parties entitled to beneficial interest thciein, pay
the amount of the duty or tax. as aforesaid, and shall also
make and lender a return statement, as is by this act in
other ca^es icquired, of the amount of such piopeity, to-
gether with the amount of duty which has accrued or
should accrue thereon, verified by In, oath or affirmation,
to be administered and certified thereon by some magis-
trate or officer having lawful power to administer such
oaths, m such form arid manner as may be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, which icturn o'r
statement shall contain the names of each and eveiy per-
son entitled to any beneficial inteiest therein, together with
the clear value of such interest, winch return or statement
shall be by him delivered to the inspector of the district or
to Ins deputy, and the duties aforesaid shall bo paid by
stamps affixed to such return or statement, and the receipt
