r^r
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
Pensions, but tlrat in future all such claims will
go to that committee. The irregularity occurred
when the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] in-
troduced the bill and had it referred to our com-
mittee. I think there is no necessity for referring
it back.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that this same
claim to a pension has been twice reported upon
by the Military Committee of the Senate hereto-
fore, as I am informed. Although it may be an
irregularity, it strikes me that the irregularity has
no relation whatever to the real merits of the claim;
and as those merits are worthy of our attention,
and this woman is deserving of the pension, I
hope there will be no objection to the bill, and that
it will pass now. I think it is a highly meritori-
ous claim.
Mr. HALE. Before the question is taken, I
simply want to call the attention of the Senate to
what it is. Here is an irregularity which I think
the Senate ought not to countenance. I have noth-
ing against the bill; I do not doubt that the Com-
mittee on Pensions will report it back; but as I
mentioned before, there have been several cases
quite as strong as this brought to my cognizance,
but I have not referred one of them to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The case of the widow
of Captain Ward who lost his life, as gallantly as
any man, at Matthias Point, has been referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and no doubt that
committee will give their prompt attention to it.
That case might as well have been referred to the
Committee on Naval A (Fairs as this to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. For the purpose of
preserving the regularity of proceedings, and not
lefening to one committee a matter that properly
belongs to another, I have moved the reference of
this bill to the Committee on Pensions, and I hope
it will take the ordinary course of all such eases.
Mr. CLARK. I think the usual course has
been that when papers have been referred to a
wrong committee, that committee have reported
them back and asked to be discharged from their
further consideration and let them go the proper
committee; but when a committee have acted and
reported, I do not think it hay often been the case
that the papers have been recommitted to another
committee for the sake of regularity. The Mili-
tary Committee have considered this case, and I
see no reason for now sending it to another com-
mittee.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ay^s 18, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 22; as follows:
YJ3\S—Messrs. Riowuinir, Collamer, Fessenden, Fos-
lei, Chimes. I/.do, Jlenden-on, Moiull. Pomeiov,Sherman,
tftaikj Sumner, Thomson, Trumbull, and Wilson of IVIis-
Mltll 1—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Antiionv, Chandler, Claik, Cowan, Da-
vis, I)i\on, Doohitltij Foot. Ilowaid, IIowu, Kennedy, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham. jVesmith, Pow-
ell, Wade, Wilkinson, YVilloy, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wnglit—"22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER/ I am inclined to think that the
amounted granted to this widow is above that rec-
ognized b)r 1 aw. I am not entirely sure about it,
but i think so. It is true that it was granted by
special act, but that showed that her case did not
come within the general law. If it had come
within the law, the widow would have received
less: but not coming within the law, and coming
to Congress for a special act, she gets more. The
reason why this petition was sent to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, or rather the reason why
it is not referred to the Committee on Pensions,
is asserted to be because the bill originally grant-
ing the pension was reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs. It was clearly a departure
from the rule and practice of the Senate; and hav-
ing established such adepartme once, it seems
now to be persisted in, and it is proposed to give
to a ease not coming within the law an amount
greater than to those who do come within the law.
The case may be entirely meritorious; I presume
it is as it is reported; but it is an entire departure
in the first place from the rules and practice of the
Senate, and I believe a direct violation of the law,
so far at least as the general law gives a fixed
amount to widows of officers of a certain rank. I
know not why, where a case is not within the
law, if it comes to Congress for relief, it should
be considered more meritorious than those which
do come directly within the law. I am opposed,
therefore, to the passage of this bill as it now'
stands.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Under the general
pension law, the half pay is twenty dollars per
month for five years; and in 1858, this half pay of
twenty dollars was given to the widows during
their natural life. In 1852, this matter was in-
troduced into the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, just as it is now, and
they reported a bill granting thirty dollars per
month for five years. When the five years ex-
pired, it was again referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and they reported a bill extend-
ing the pension five years longer, which was
passed. In the mean time half-pay pensions were
given to widows for life; but this being thirty
dollars a month instead of twenty dollars, was not
embraced in that provision of the law. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] when he intro-
duced the papers here, inasmuch as both theother
bills had been reported from the Military Com-
mittee, thought that was the proper direction to
give to this. There was no intention to pass over
the Committee on Pensions at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand the case
as stated by the gentleman, I see no reason why
this widow should not receive her twenty dollars
like other widows.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 was just coming to
that point. Captain Barnard was shot through
the body twice in attempting to raise the flag upon
the parapet at Chepultepec. He died from the
effect of those wounds, leaving a widow and three
small, helpless childien. The oldest of the chil-
dren is paralyzed, so that it cannot rise from the
bed. It was reported to the committee that thirty
dollars a month was the least that would possibly
support this family—it is their only support—and
thirty dollars was given instead of twenty dollars,
in consideration of the utter helplessness of the
family, and that the oldest child is paralytic, and
has not been able to rise from bed for ten years.
Although it was a departure from the general rule,
it was a departure by special act of Congress, and
it was continued by another act of Congress here-
tofore. Twenty dollars a month has since been
given for life to all these widows. We propose
simply to give thirty dollars a month in this case
to the widow for life.
Mr. FOSTER. No doubt a very strong appeal
can be made to the sympathies of Senators for the
widow of an officer who has suffered and died in
the service, and who has left a dependent family;
and to oppose a claim of that sort seems to be
resisting appeals made to the best feelings of the
human heart. Rut, sir, the Senator from Indiana,
and every Senator here, must bear in mind that
the present condition of the country is such that
appeals of that kind may be made to the Senate,
I fear, by hundreds and by thousands before the
present year is out, and it will be entirely impos-
sible for this country to meet these calls upon its
Treasury, if relief is to be granted in every case
of this nature up to the point where our sympa-
thies would prompt us to go. We cannot do it,
sir; for the money will bo wrung from those who
are just as dependent and just as helpless as those
that are to be relieved. We must refuse, there-
fore, to do what our better feelings would prompt
us to do, for wo are unable; it is impossible for
us to do it. There are now various cases before
the Committee on Pensions that make as strong
an appeal to our hearts as this case; but we do not
feel that we can go beyond the amount fixed by
law when the country was better able topavthan
it now is; and m no case, unless the law actually
provides for it, do we feel authorized to grant
relief except in extraordmaiy circumstances.
It is a most ungracious task to oppose a bill of
this sort, Mr. President; but I confess I have
strong doubts whether, according to the principles
| adopted by the Committee on Pensions—those
i principles may perhaps be erroneous—they would
| report this bill at ali. This widow has enjoyed
i a pension of thirty dollars a month during the time
| provided by the original act. A vast many as
I meritorious and as needy are yet without any pro-
ii vision beyond the original five years. If this bill
S, passes, all other claims of the same description
must pass, and we may as well at once pass a gen-
eral law taking in all these special cases. This
widow has received one half as much again during
the five years as other widows equally meritori-
ous, and now it is proposed to give her-for life one
half as much again as others equally meritorious,
who have received only two thirds as much during
the former five years, and that little pittance in-
deed is now stopped in a great number :of c&ses.
All these will come here, and they must all be*
granted for aught that I see, if we grant this. 1 dt>
not know bujgthat where a number of these cases
come before one committee, the hearts of the-mem-
bers of that committee are apt to get hard and cal-
lous and that it is better to divide them around
among the committees of the Senate, and send one
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and one t-o
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and so on.
we had but one such case before the Committee
on Pensions, I am sure we should grant it; but
where there' are so many, and where they are
going to be multiplied, as I apprehend, to a most
fearful amount, it seems to me we must stop at
some point,and I think we had better stop in the
beginning and stand by the law.
Mr. SUMNER. Would a motion to recommit
this bill to the Committee on Pensions be in order
now ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would not.
The Senate has just decided against that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Senate
have just decided against it; but I thought it pos-
sible that after the discussion which has occurred
the motion would now be in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That'doesnot
change it at all.
Mr. FOSTER. A motion to reconsider can be
made.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am not in a condition to
make that motion.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. A motion to
refer the bill to any other committee would be in
order, or a motion to reconsider the last vote.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is no contro-
versy except as to the difference between twenty
and thirty dollars a month. Under the existing
law these widows get twenty dollars a month; but
under the peculiar circumstances of this case it
was thought proper ten years ago and five years
ago to give tins widow thirty dollars per month,
and we propose to continue now precisely the
same rate of pay. The only possible objection can
be to allowing thirty dollars in this case instead
of twenty; and that is precisely what has been
allowed her for the last ten years. I cannot sec
why there should be any real objection to the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is very great force
in what is said by the Senator from Connecticut.
I have noticed repeatedly that when there was a
peculiar case it took a peculiar direction. All
those eases should, by right and propriety and for
the safety of the community, go to the proper and
appropriate committee, who "know the law, who
examine it, and endeavor strictly to bring all the
cases within the law; but this case, probably ow-
ing originally to the idea of its friend, whoever it
was that presented it, was sent to the Committee
on Military Affairs. They abandoned principle
and took into consideration the peculiar circum-
stances of the case. Now, let me ask Senators,
can you legislate on the subject of pensions upon
that basis? We have general laws upon the sub-
ject, and arc we in defiance of those laws to take
up each individual case and examine it according
to the situation and the necessities of the family?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will the Senator par-
don me for a moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I propose to amend
the bill and put the pension at twenty dollars a
month, so as to stand on the general pension law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; then I have
no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to amend the
bill by striking out " twenty dollars" and insert-
ing " thirty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to move an amendment
to the bill, to make it general, that the pensions
of ail widows which were granted by special act
for five years, and which have now expired, shall
be renewed also for life at the same rate. I think
we oiurht to do equal and exact justice.
Mr."LANE, of Indiana. That is already the
law.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 am at a loss, then, to under-
