1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
stand why this widow does not come within its
provisions.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Because her pension
was thirty dollars, and not twenty dollars. It
was always thirty dollars under the other laws.
That is the very reason she does not come within
the provisions of the general law.
Mr. FOSTER. Then she can have her pension
at twenty dollars per month withc^i this act.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The S<mator will par-
don me; she cannot have a pension at all without
this act, because she was never placed on the pen-
sion rolls at twenty dollars. There was a special
act passed giving her thirty dollars per month.
We propose now to put her on an equality with
all the rest.
Mr. FOSTER. Then I move to amend the
bill, so that this widow shall have her name placed
on the pension roll, with all the immunities and
Erivileges she would have had if her pension had
een originally granted at twenty dollars per
month.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is the same
thing, I suppose.
Mr. FOSTER. If it is the same, it is all that
I desire.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Con-
necticut will permit me to say those words would
hardly effect the purpose.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course, I have not chosen
the language precisely; but that is the idea. 1
want an -amendment made so that she shall stand
on the same ground with the others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut will reduce his amendment to
writing.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think the amend-
ment I proposed will coverall the objection to the
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the vote by
which the Senate refused to refer this bill to the
Committee on Pensions be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on that motion, " Shall this bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Pensions ?n
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Mourns, Chief Cleik, announced tlutthe
House hud parsed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 354) for the relief of Lieutenant
Ulysses S. Grant; and
A bill (No. 388) making appropriations to re-
imburse the contingent fund of the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, including compensa-
tion of additional clerks who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary clerks for the current fiscal
year and for the year ending June 30, 3863.
HOME GUARDS.
Mr. HOWE. 1 offer the following resolution,
and, if there be no objection, ask its present con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy Affaus be in-
sUuetcd to inqmru unci report whether any and what troops
have been luuoteied iuto the sei vice oi'iheUmted States as
home guatds, and aie still continued m the sejviee, and
who fm that or hu «uiy othoi ica-son iefns.e to march beyond
the limits of the several States withm which they wme
jnusteicd.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman that some of those regiments may not be
known by the name of home guards. Perhaps it
would be better to say, " home guards, or whose
services are limited to their own States."
Mr. HOWE. The last clausc of the resolution
will covcr that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state for
the information of the Senator from Wisconsin
that the War Department is now engaged in mus-
tering oat all that class of troops. We had two
regiments in our State.
Mr. HOWE. I have been told this morning of
three regiments musteied in m the State of Maiy-
land. One of them is now down on the Eastern J
Shore. There was an attempt to march them out
of the Slate and they refused to go, and they were
returned to Baltimoie. Two companies of the regi-
ment which is down on the Eastern Shore were
actually left on the Maryland side of the hne be-
cause they refused to go over5 and many of those
who were taken over were taken over under arrest,
for they peremptorily refused to go. This refusal,
I am told, does not include the principal officers
of the regiments, but the men absolutely refused
to go without the limits of the State. For one, I
am utterly opposed to paying any troops who will
not follow the flag of the Union wherever the flag
of the Union is sent.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will enlarge the scope of the resolution a
little so as to call upon the Secretary of War to
state whether the process of enlisting State militia
is now going on. I understand it to be so. I have
heard within the last twenty-four hours, and from
persons who I suppose know, that notwithstand-
ing we are attempting to reduce the Army in some
directions, we are yet enlisting new men in other
sections of the country, and so far as I know with-
out any authority of law. Doubtless this is done
without the knowledge, and contrary to the orders
of the War Department.
Mr. HOWE. I do not object to amending the
resolution by inserting the words " or are being
mustered "after the words4 4 have been mustered."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
will be so modified on the suggestion of the mover
of the resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
DISQUALIFICATION OP COLOR.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
237, reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the hill (S. No. 237) to remove all disqualification
of color in carrying the mails, which directs that
from and after its passage no person, by reason
of color, shall be disqualified from employment in
carrying the mails, and all acts and parts of acts
establishing such disqualification, including espe-
cially the seventh section of the act of March 3,
1825, are repealed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to state in behalf of
the Senator ftom Minnessota, Mr. Rice, that he
is confined to his house by sickness.
The question being taken by the yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
YI'AS—Anthony, nrowning. Chandler, Clark,
Collamor, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes^enrtcn, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Male, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas,
Montll, Pometoy, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Henderson, Kennedy, Lane of
Indiana, Latham, Nesmtth, L'oweU, Staik, Willey, Wilson
of Mis-souii, and Wright—11.
So the bill was passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN ILLINOIS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the special order of the day,
which is the confiscation bill, is now before the
Senate, the pending question being on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Willey] to the original bill, and upon that ques-
tion, the Senator fiom Wisconsin [Mr, Doolit-
tle] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROWNING. I will ask a favor of the
Senator from Wisconsin to permit me to call up
a bill relating to the judicial districts in Illinois
that will not occupy more than a moment for the
purpose of having it passed, and sent to the other
House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it make another
district ?
Mr. BROWNING. No, sir; only to detach
two counties from the northern district, and at-
tach them to the southern district. The bill is ac-
ceptable to my colleague and myself; and there
will he no discussion about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. BROWNING. Not at all, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin yielding the floor for that pur-
pose, the question is on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 102) to amena an act entitled "An
act to divide the State of Illinois into two judicial
districts," approved February 13, 1855. The bill
detaches the counties of Hancock and McDon-
ough, in the State of Illinois, from the northern
district of Illinois, and attaches them to the south-
ern district of Illinois, and they are hereafter to
constitute a part of the southern district of Illinois
the same as if they had originally belonged to that
district. In any suit or suits pending at the time
of the passage of this act either in the circuit or
district court of the northern district of Illinois
where any such suit or suits could originally have
been brought in the southern district of Illinois if
the counties of Hancock and McDonough had at
the time of commencing any such suit or suits
formed a part of the southern district, any party
to any such suit or suits, upon application to the
court, upon the oath either of such party, or his or
her agent or attorney, may have any such cause,
together with the original files thereof and a cer-
tified copy of the recorded orders or decrees in the
cause, transferred to the southern district of Illi-
nois. Any such cause, when so transferred,is to
be heard and determined by the circuit or district
court,as the case may be, in and for the southern
district of Illinois, as if such causc had been ori-
ginally commcnccd m the circuit or district court
in and for that district. All process issued out of
either the circuit or district court for the northern
district of Illinois prior to the passage of this act,
and not served before its passage, is to be served
and returned in the same manner as if this act had
not been passed. In all causes pending either m
the circuit or district court for the northern dis-
trict of Illinois at the time of the passage of this
act, which shall proceed tq final judgment or de-
cree without being removed from the northern to
the southern district according to the provisions
of this act, such judgments or decrees are to have
like effect as though the counties of Hancock and
McDonough had notbeen detached from the north-
ern district; and any party thereto is to be entitled
to have any such judgments or decrees executed
by like final process or otherwise, the same as if
the counties of Hancock and McDonough had not
been detached from the northern district, which
process is also to be executed and leturncdin the
same manner as if those counties had not been de-
tached from the northern district. So much of the
act, to which tins bill is an amendment, as is in
conflict therewith, is? to be repealed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and refencd as indicated below:
A bill (No. 354) for the relief of Lieutenant
Ulysses S. Grant—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 388) making appropriations to re-
imburse the contingent fund of the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, including compensa-
tion of additional clerks who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary clerks for the current fiscal
year, and for the year ending June 30, 1863—to
the Committee on Finance.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels, the pending question being
on the amendment offered by Mr. Willey to the
third section of the original bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. KING. If there is no Senator who desires
to address the Senate upon the bill now, { will
state that I called this morning to see my colleague,
who had the floor on this subject the other day,
at his room where lie has been confined by illness,
aud he told me that if the Senate would consent
to put this question over until Monday, and give
