Q04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. HOLMAN. The committee on Govern-
ment contracts has a right to report at any time.
The  joint resolution in relation to certain rail-
roads m the State of Missouri was read a first
and second time. The preamble recites that by
the fourth section of the act of Congress entitled
" An act granting right of way to the State of
Missouri, and a portion of the public lands fco aid
in the construction of certain railroads in said
State," approved .Tune 10,185*2, it is provided that
the lands so granted to the State shall bo subject
to the disposal of the Legislature thereof for that
purpose and no other; and that the railroads shall
be and remain public property for the use of the
Government of the United States free from toll,
or other charge, on the transportation of any prop-
erty or troops of the United States; that the said
grant of lands had, by virtue of such net, and of
an act of the Legislature of the State of Missouri,
been applied to the construction of the Hannibal
and St. Joseph railroad, constructed and owned
by the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany, and of the Pacific railroad, constructed and
owned by the Pacific Railroad Company, and run-
ning from St. Louis to Rolia; that the ability of
those railroad companies to transport the prop-
erty and troops of the United States was greatly
impaired by the destruction of bridges, depots,
and other property of the companies by the pub-
lic enemy; that in consequence thereof, and in
view of the pressing public necessities, the Uni-
ted States not waiving the right to have their
property and troops transported free from toll or
other charge by said railroads, as contemplated
by the reservation aforesaid,Congress resolves to
authorize the Secretary of War to make such an
adjustment with the 'Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company for the transportation, past and
pi ospective, off he property and troops of the Uni-
ted States over said railroads during the existence
of this rebellion as, in view of the public exigen-
cies, may be just and reasonable, and to liquidate
the same: piovided, however, that the sum paid
to said companies shall be, as near as may be, the
cost of transporting such property and troops,
and shall not exceed the price fixed by the War
Department on li2th June, 1861, for transportation
by railroad.
Mr, HOLMAN. 1 shall very reluctantly move
to put the bill on its passage if, after having heard
the joint resolution read, and learned the grounds
on which it is proposed, there shall beany grave
objection urged against it on the part of any gen-
tleman. The preamble is designed to setfuith the
character of the transaction. The Government
granted certain lands to the State of Missouri to
aid in the construction of rnilioads in that- State.
These lands were given by the State Legislature
to two railroad companies, and the roads of those
companies weto constnieied. The fourth section
of the act—providing that the laiiioads shall be
and remain public highways for the u.se of the
Government of the United Stu'ca—n<, 1 believe,
understood by all the membeus of the committee
to which the subject was referred, ;w eonfernng,
not simply the right of the Government to use the
railroads, but is also to be reminded and construed
as an absolute reservation on the pai t of the Gov-
ernment that itspropei tyand troops shall be trans-
ported over the roads fire of chnigc. JNot only
is ihn.t construction placed upon this fourth sec-
tion by the committee for investigating Go\em-
inent con tiac is, but! understand that the Judiciary
('ommitt'e, to whom the same sublet was re-
ferred, hns !''\iehetl the sameconclusum, alih: ne,h
I believe that th'- renoi t of thnf coinnrnt^e lias not
yet been submitted to the consideration of the
House.
-Mi. PORTER. Will my colleague yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the consent of mv co!-
le.'giu;, and of the House, to submit now the re-
poi t nt uie Judiciary Committc . That i cpoi t jj.
iavoi able 5n t lie Hannibal and St. Jo.vph r.ulrnad:
and 1 (Junk that this is an apniopiiate time to
submit it.
LOVEJOY. Do I undo rsfand that the
r«-c* ptio>! of tins report is open to objection ?
The SPEAKER, it ',s not; the committee on
Government contracts having leave to report at
any time.
Air. LOVE.'OY. Hut that dues not give it a
right t<> h">V" i!s lepo; t acted on.
The SPEAKER. That depends on the will of
the majority of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the. gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] what are the rates
established for the transportation of troops and
munitions of war by the regulations of the War
Department, referred to in the resolution?
Mr. HOLMAN. On the 12th day of last June,
the superintendent of railroad transportation is-
sued an order addressed to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, in which the rates of transportation of troops
was fixed at two cents a mile, and the transport-
ation of all freights accompanying the regiments
was fixed at the rates of transportation known as
local freights. This information has been brought
to the House in response to a resolution of the
i House requiring information upon that subject
from the Secretary of War.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether, m the transportation of horses, the rate
fixed was not by weight; and whether the stand-
ard weight per horse was not higher than adopted
by the railroad companies?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no schedule of prices
before me, and therefore cannot answer the gen-
tleman specifically. I have no hesitation, how-
ever, m saying that there is scarcely any item con-
nected with the war in which more extravagance
has been practiced, or more exorbitant prices al-
lowed by the Government, than in this matter of
transpoitation. I believe there are many instances
•in which the Government has paid thirty or forty
per cent, higher for transportation than private
parties would have been compelled to pay for the
same freight. One of the most intelligent quarter-
masters m the West, a very upright and honest
man, states thathe himself secured transportation
for one halfthcgeneral prices paid by the Govern-
ment, and that it could be procured for the trans-
portation of all Government supplies at two thirds
the piiees fixed.
Mr. PORTER. I will thank the gentleman now
to yield to me to submit the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary upon this subject. I have
several time^ sought the floor to moke it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. PORTER. I submit the following report,
and ask the Clerk to read it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that no
report from another committee would be in order,
unless proposed as a substitute for the joint res-
olution under consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent , the report of the Committee on the Judiciary
will be allowed to bo. mode. I understand that it
does not conflict at all with the measure before the
House, and that it will throw light upon the sub-
ject. i yield to my colleague to state the sub-
stance of his ivpoit if it cannot be permitted to be
lead.
Mr. POHTER. The Committee on the Judi-
cial y were instructed by a resolution submitted by
my colleague, and adopted by the House, to in-
quire what liuiroads had received grants of public
lands t<> aid m their construction , topon what con-
ditions those grants were made, and whether un-
der those conditions it was incumbent upon the
railroads to carry free of charge the troops and
munitions of war of the Government.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman Irom Indiana that, understanding the
nature of the report he proposes to submit, he has
the nsjit to have it read as a part of his lemarks.
The Chair was under the impie.syion that (he gen-
tleman propped to report a bill.
! Mr. POUTER. I will first finish the statement
: 1 commenced.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
1 siionnr thet tins is an important measuie that
should not be disposed of without a quorum, and
ton there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKELl. The Chair thinks this clis-
cm-sKin may go on without a quorum, lie could
noi-rut off lvmmktf upon a question of order being
lained that no quorum was present. No voie can
be taken wh leas than a quorum picsent.
_ Mr PORTER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary lepoit what railroad^ have received grants
of public land-*, .md unon what conditions those
grants were made. The report states tlut it, is
incumbent upon those rcnlroads to franspott fiee
| of chaige to the Government the t.oops and mu-
i unions of war of the United States. Thai is the
conclusion at which the committee have arrived.
I now ask for the reading of the report.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciaiy having been instructed
bv resolutions of this House to inquire : "1. Whether any
•of the railroad companies whose railroads have been con-
structed m whole or in pait by donations oflarid from the
United States, accepted such donations on the condition
that the troops and munitions of war of the United States
should be tiansported over such roads free of charge ; and
if so, 2. W'lktt railroad companies have received donations of
land on the considerations aforesaid; and 3. Whethersucli
acceptance of lands so donated conferred upon the United
States the unqualified right to the free transportation of
tioops and munitions of war over huch roads l>y the com-
panies owning the same ; and, if not, the character of the
limitations on such right report as follows:
Oongiess,by aryict approved September20,1850, granted
to the State of Illinois, for the purpose of aiding in making
a raihoad fiom the southern terminus of the Illinois and
Michigan canal to a point at or neai the junction of the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, with a branch of the same to
Chicago, and anothei via the town of Galena, every alter-
nate section of land, designated by even numbeis, for six
sections m width on each side of said road and b anen es;
providing, however, that in ca^c it should appear ttmt tho
United States had, when the line or route of said road and
brandies should have been definitely fixed, sold any pan of
any section theicby gianted, or the light of preompton had
attached to the same, it should be lawful for any agent or
agents to be appointed by the Governor of said State to se-
lect from the lands ot the United States most contiguous to
the, tier of sections above specified, so much land in altei-
nate sections, oi parts of sections, as should bo equal to «nch
lands as the United States had sold, or to which the right
of preemption had attached; but the lands so to be loeated
were in no case to be further than fifteen, miles from the line
of the road.
The act further piovided that the sections and parts of
sections which, by the giant, should lemain to the United
States, within six miles on each side of said road and
branches, should not be sold foi less than double the mini-
mum price ot ttie public lands wh.en sold.
And it was fmthcr enacted that the said railroad and
branches should " bo and remain a public highway for the
use of the Covemmcnt of the United States, free from toll
ot othci chaige upon the transportation of anv pioperty or
tioops of the United States and that the " United States
mail" should ,cat ail times be tiansported on the said rad-
load, under the ditection of the Post Office Depaitmeut, at
bucli piicc as Congress'' might "by law direct."
Subsequently to the passage of the act of Congrpss, the
begislatme of Illinois incorporated the "Illinois Cential
Rathoud Company," for the purpose of constructing the
nulroads and branches mentioned in the act of Congress,
and gi anted said lands to that corporation to promote the
enteiprise. It was piovided that a deed should be executed
by the Governor, and should " iccite at full length the act
of Congie.s^." No allusion fmther than this is madein the
act of incorporation to the conditions in the law of Con-
curs relating to the transposition ot the pioperty and tioops
of the Govci inucnt and the United States mail.
The Illinois Centtal Kaihoad Company has fully com-
pleted its load and luanches, and the lands granted by the
Government have eontiibuted most materially to the suc-
cor of the enteipiise. The load, including the branches,
is about seven hundied miles m length, and is one of the
greatest public woiks in the woild.
i>y the same act of Congress public lands, to the same
extent in proportion to the length of the load, and on the.
same tenus, limitations, and lestnctions in every respect,
wcic granted to the States of Alabama and Mississippi re-
spectively, to aid in the constiuction of said Cential rail-
load.from the mouth of the Ohio liver to the city of Mobile.
The.-e binds weie afteiwards granted by the Legislatures
of Alabama and Mississippi respectively to the Mobile and
Ohio Railroad Company, which ha« completed if? Imefrem
Mobile to a point several miles beyond Corinth, on the
Memphis and Charleston railroad.
By an act approved June 10, 1852, Congress made a giant,
snnsiai to those above mentioned, to the State of Missouri,'
to aid in the con>tiuction of lailroads fiom the town of
Hannibal to the town of St. Joseph, in said State, and from
the city of Sr. Lours to cneh point on the western boundary
ol taul State as might be designated by the authoiity of said
State. The Lcgislatuie of Missouri atterw.uds parsed act-*
gi anting those lands on the contemplated laihoad fiom Han-
nibal to St. Joseph, to the Hannibal and St. Joseph Ttail-
ioad Companj ■ and those on the contemplated laihoad fi om
Sr. IjOUis to the western boundary of said State to the Pa-
cific Jtaihoad Company. The land= granted to these com pa-
nic ! were, by these acts, "vested in them in full and com
plete title, lor the uses and pmposcs, and subject to the
conditions, reversion. and piovisiuns ectloi th and contain'.d
m said act of Conzic'iV .
The Haumbal and St. Joseph laihoad extends fiom ea-t
to wci-1, en rue!} aeios« the State of Missouri, a distance of
about two huu died and seven imlee, and has been completed
seveial yars. About two hundred and sixty miles of the
Pacific iailroad have been completed.
C'<ngte^, by an act approved May 15. 3 8j6, made a simi-
lar man* of lnrd- to the State of Iowa to aid m the constt na-
tion of uuhoau.- from Burlington, on the Mississippi live-,
to a point on tin. r.Ii-s^mi river near the mouth ot Platte
itvet; fiom the city of Davonpoit via Iowa City and Foit
Des Moines to Council IJlutPs; tiom Lyon-= Citv noirliwe-st-
eilv to a point of intersection with the main line of the To\a a
Cential An-Line iai!road?near Maquoketo. thence on said
mam hne, runninir as near a< piaeheable to the loi ty-seeond
paijllel acioss said StatA to the Missouri rivet ; fiom the
cuy of Dubuque to a point on tne Missouri l ivrr near Sioux
Citv, with a branch fiom the mouth of the TYte Des Morts
to the nearest point on said K>ad.
The Legislatuie oi the Slate of Iowa afrerwatds granted
the iand^ gi\en to aid m the comb-tenon ot the railroad
{■om Bmlmgton to the Mi--om i river to the Bui hngton and
Mi^ouu Ruilioad Company, which lias completed the road
