1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
258f
one. Without detaining the Senate further, I will
ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3, nays 33; as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Browning, MeDougall,andPomeroy—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Clark,"Col-
lamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fe^senden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Momll, Nesmith, Powell,
Rice, Staik, Sumner. Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. On page 128, after line thirty-
three, I move to insert the following as a new sec-
tion :
And be it farther enad.cd, That every pei.>on claiming
the services or labor of any other peison as a slave s-hall
pay a tax of two dollars on account of every person so
claimed ; but in no ease shall any per&on so claimcd bo sold
for the purpose of collecting the tax.
There was a change in the Senate with regard
to cotton; and while the debate was going on
there were Senators who complained that we did
not imposeany tax on theslave States. I thought
there was justice in that complaint. I think that
the tax ought to be imposed. I do not doubt its
constitutionality; and I know that in proposing it
I do not in any respect lecognize property in man.
Therefore I offer the amendment, and ask the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 36; as follow:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Harlan, llowaid, Howe, King,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilmot—19.
NAYS—Mcts. Biowninjr, Cailile, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Doohttle, Foster, Hale, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
Nesnuth, Powell, Staik, Wiliey, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wright—10.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, t£ Shall the bill pass r"
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. LATHAM. If it is in order, I should
like to state my reasons for making this motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say one word.
The honorable Senator, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, desires tn be heard for a short
time in relation to this bill generally on the final
question, and in his present condition of service
and health, it would be to him a great privilege
to speak m the morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am precisely in this con-
dition about it: after urging the Senate as I have
to finish the bill, to get'it concluded, I am not in
a condition to ask the Senate to adjourn for the
purpose of allowing me to say anything, and
therefore I make no such request whatever. I have
some remarks to make upon it. Perhaps I shall
occupy half an hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the Senate to adjourn
on the gentleman's account and condition.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Vermont
has stated the reason why I made the motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 5, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
■TOIIN E. BOULIGNY.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the benefit of John E. Bouligny,
of the State of Louisiana; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
MICHIGAN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a privileged question-
I ask to have entered a motion to rcconsider the
vote by which, on yesterday, the bill to divide the
State of Michigan into two judicial districts was
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
NEGRO TKOOPS.
Mr. WICKLtFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a resolu-
tion of inquiry which I have been trying to get
before the House for a long time.
Mr, BINGHAM. • Let the resolution be read.
I will not object if it does not give rise to debate.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form this House if General Hunter, ot the department of
South Carolina, has organized a legimcnt ot South Caro-
lina volunteeis for tiie defence of the Union, composed of
black mon, (fugitive slaves.) and appointed the colonel and
other officeis to command them. 2. Was he authoiized by
the Department to ouranize and muster into the Aimy of the
United States, as soldteis, the fugitive or captured slaves?
3. Has he been furnished with clothing, uniform, for such
force ? 4. Has he been lurni.-hed, by order of the War De-
partment, with arms to be placed in the hands of these
slaves? 5. Torepoitanyordeisgiven said Hunter, and cor-
ie pondencc between him and the Department.
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope that the gentleman from
Kentucky will not obtrude the negro here, but
that he will let us legislate for the white man.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I did not hear what the
gentleman from Indiana has just said.
POLYGAMY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up and con-
sider at this time the amendments of the-Senate
to an act (II. R. No. 391) to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Territories of the
United States and other places, and annulling cer-
tain acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Utah.
Objection was made.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I asktheunanimouscon-
scnt of the House to introduce a resolution of in-
quiry.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
SALARIES OK DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
The SPEAKER. The question in order is the
unfinished business of yesterday, being Senate
bill No. 166, to regulate the salaries of district
attorneys, on which the pievious question has
been called.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, on a division, there were—ayes 24, noes 6;
no quorum voting.
Mr. BLAKE moved that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messis. William Allen, Alley, Arnold, Baxter,Campbell,
Ca^ey, Cobb. Roscoe Conkling, Conway, <"'nx, Craven?,
Cri^ficid.Cutlet, Dunlap,Eliot, Ely,Fenton, Fisher, Fiank,
Gooch,GinIev, Haiuht, Hale. Hall, Hickman, Hutohms,
Jackson, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, William Kellogg, Keui-
gan, Killinger. Lo'aiy, Lehman, McIOan, Malloiy, .Mars-
ton. Morns, Odell, Olm, Patton, Pendleton, Peiry, Pottet,
Pi ice. Riddle. Jamc* S. Rollins Sherman, Vandever. Van
Vallvcnbuigh. Van Wyck, Wallace, Walton, Ward,
Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, and Wood.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE. How many members
have answered to then- names-5
The SPEAKER. One hundred and seventeen.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE. I move, then, that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and yield the iloor to the
gentleman from New York, who desires to say a
word on this bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word or two before the question is taken on
the bill which was before the House lastevening.
It will be understood from the discussion which
has taken place that the district attorneys of the
United States, with one or two exceptions pro-
vided by law, are paid a salary of $200 a year.
Their compensation is made up by allowing for
travel fees ten cents a mile for attending the ses-
sions of their courts, and also for attending to
complaints, under the criminal laws, before com-
missioners. It was shown by my colleague from
New Yoik, from the Oneida district, [Mr. Roscoe
Co.vkling,] 'that that compensation was very un-
equal in the different districts; for instance, in the ,
northern district of New York, wjiich is a aigp |
district,and wherecourtsare held m wtrious places |
throughout the State, and commissioner s courts ;
also, in sundry towns and villages in the Slate, S
the compensation of the district attorney would
amount to the full sumallowed bylaw in any case,
namely, §6,000. And in relation to what my col-
league said upon that particular case, I most cor-
dially agree with hira; and what he stated consti-
tutes an abuse which ought to be corrected at the
proper time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will my colleague
indulge me a moment? Some remarks were made
last evening, during the discussion, by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Vooriiees] upon the
practice in the northern district of New York, in
relation to the compensation, mileage, and per
diem allowance of the district attorney. I have
reason to believe that the practice in the State of
Ohio has been still more exceptionable than it has
been in the State of New York.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say that these
side remarks have nothing to do with this bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to exclude these
side issues, and I must decline to yield further.
What 1 rose to say was, that in the State of
Massachusetts the district attorney resides in the
neighborhood of the court-house, where all the
courts are held, and therefore that the compensa-
tion he derives from travcT is just nothing at all.
And the whole compensation he gets by way of
salary is §200. I wish to say, what everybody
knows, especially during the progress of this war,
that there is a vast amount ot important business
transacted by the district attorney of that district.
The district attorney himself is well known to
many persons upon this floor as beinga man com-
petent, industiious, and capable, whose whole
time is absorbed in the business of this district
attorneyship; and it is a matter of the merest
justice that he should have a compensation some-
what proportioned to the magnitude and import-
ance of the labors performed. The salary provided
by the substitute of the Judiciary Committee is
in full for all his services, of whatever nature, con-
nected with that office. In New York the salary
of the district attorney has been fixed by law at
$6,000, and I have no hesitation in saying that
the district attorney of Massachusetts performs
labors quite equal in amount, and quite as import-
ant as that performed by the district attorney of
the southern district of New York, for whom we
have provided this salary of $6,000.
I hope the House will sec the justness and pro-
priety of passing this substitute of the Judiciary
Committee; and in accordance with the intimation
I gave to the chairman of the committee, I now
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—MesMf-. Ancona, Daily, Baker, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, William G. Blown, lluthnton, Bumham, Calvert,
Clements, Cohax, Fiedeitck A. Conkimg, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Crittenden, Delaplaine, Dunn, Edgeilon, Edwards,
English, Fisher, Fouke, Granger, Grider, Hardin?, Hani-
son, llolman, Hutchins, Law, Lazear, Lehman, Loomis,
MeKmght, McPheison, May, Alaynaid, Mitchell, Mooi-
Valiandigham, Washbuine, Webster, Albert B. White,
Wieklifte, Woodtnlf, and Wright—*>8.
NAYS—-Messrs. Aldnch, Ashley, Babbitt, Bcaman, Bing-
ham, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, George H. Browne,
Chautbeilin, Clatk, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Uuell,
Elv, Fc«.sen(l<'n, Franchot, Goodwin, flaight, Hanchett,
Hooper, llorton, KclJev, Fiancb W. Keliogs, \\ llliam Ivel-
[O"" Ken t,7an, Knapp. Landing, Lov< joy, Menzies, Anson
P.e5fomll,'Justin S. Morrill, Noel), Norton, Nugen. Timo-
thvG Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. iiicc,
John H. Jlice, Riehaidson. Sai-rent, Sedgwick, Segur,
Sheffield, Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele,Steven", Benjamin
F Thomas, Tiam. Verree, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Wads.worth,
Wall, Wallace, Walton, Wil-on, Window, and Worces-
ter—63.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question first recurred upon the following
amendment, offered by Mr. Browne, of Rhode
Island:
See. 2. Jlnd be it further enaded, That m addition to
the fees provided by law, then- f-'iaii be paid to the district
attorney of Rhode Island a salary of 5-1,000.
Mt. RICHARDSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Browne, of
Rhode Island, and Bingham were appointed.
