1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
162?
him the floor at one o'clock, he would be much
gratified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose he does not de-
sire to speak on this amendment.
Mr. KING. He wishes to speak to the bill.
Mr. TItUMBULL. X hope we may be per-
mitted to vote on the amendment, if no one desires
to speak upon it.
Mr. KING. Certainly. I only desired that
when it should go over, it should be understood
that my colleague shall have the floor.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until one o'clock on
Monday. I will state, however, that if it should
be postponed, and at that hour the Senator from
New York desires to address the Senate, I will
yield to him; or if any other Senator should de-
sire to speak, I will yield. If no other Senator
should desire the floor at that time, I shall address
the Senate on the subject myself. I will yield
with great pleasure to the Senator from New York
on Monday, if he shall desire it.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of the
Senator, I will interpose another motion, which
will leave this bill as the order of the day for
Monday, and that is, I will move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. POWELL. After my motion that can be
done.
Mr. SUMNER. That will leave this as the
unfinished business.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SUMJNER. Then I move thatthe Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the old question.
That is the way the bill is shoved off every day.
If the Senate take that coarse I cannot help it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you cxpect to finish
it to-day ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was any public measure
ever passefl through this body where you took it
up and considered it an hour or two hours every
day, and then pushed it aside for other business?
Do we not know that the tax bill, the appropriation
bills, and other measures will be soon crowding
upon the Senate? Do we not know that everything
else is made to give way in this body to appro-
priation bills? And yet every bill is to be put
aside by executive sessions. What was our ex-
perience with the District of Columbia bill ^ Did
we not have to hold on to it to pass it? Is there
a Senator who believes that it would have passed
until now, or that we would ever have had a final
vote on it during the session, if the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] had not held on to it? I
know the Senator from Vermont says " do you
cxpect to pass it to-day r Not at all; but I would
like that we should make as much progress as we
can on it to-day; and if it is to be pushed aside
each day in this way, it is in the power of the Sen-
ate to push it aside and to postpone it indefinitely
and dispose of it. I shall have no complaint to
make if that is the view of the Senate that it be
postponed, and, ifit is preferred, killed by inches.
If that is the view of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, he has had three days this week for execu-
tive sessions, and if he prefers taking another,
and the Senate agrees with him, if that? is the pref-
erence of the Senate, so ho it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
knows very well that I am in favor of his bill,
and if there is now any Senator who is disposed
to proceed with its consideration who has any re-
marks to make upon it, I will gladly withdraw the
motion that I have now made; but supposing that
there was no Senator prepared to go on, and know-
ing that there was business of an important char-
acter which we ought to consider 111 executive
session, I felt it my duty to make that motion.
It is perfectly well known that there are Senators
who do desire to be heard on this bill and who
are not now ready. I believe, therefore, ^per-
form only a simple duty at once to the bill itself
and to the other business of the country when 1
make this motion.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I wish to putmyself right.
The Senator from Massachusetts may be right,
also. I know the fact that there are very many
in the Senate opposed to this bill, possibly a ma-
jority opposed to any bill of this character. I
know that those gentlemen are prepared with
speeches, and have been for weeks; and I know
they hold them back, and do not intend speaking
until we bring the bill to a position where they
will have to speak. Has the Senator forgotten
the experience on the District of Columbia bill?
Is it not to be the same thing over and over again ?
There was a very large majority for that bill; and
yet you had to sit here at very late hours and to
hold on to the bill in order ever to pass it. The
Senator from Massachusetts will take his own
course, and the Senate their own. I have dis-
charged my duty by simply apprising the Senate
and the country of the disposition I have to press
the bill to consideration, and not have it pushed
out of the way by these side motions.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman, from the
remark I made to him, ought not to bring my name
in the question. I have no disposition whatever
to retard the bill. Whether I shall ever be able
to vote for it I do not know; I do not know what
shape it will take. But I wish to make one sug-
gestion, which I hope the gentleman will receive
with all good spirit. I am inclined to believe that
most of the gentlemen who desire to speak on this
bill at all entertain that desire hypothetically; it
depends entirely on the shape the bill takes. When
the bill is presented in its final form and they feel
bound to vote for or against it, they may regard
it as their personal privilege to be enabled to ex-
plain the reasons of their vote. But very many,
I know that some, at least, do not desire to thrust
their views upon the Senate, or occupy time in
the present inchoate condition of the bill. I sug-
gest to gentlemen, therefore, who desire to make
any progress with this bill, to present their vari-
ous amendments as soon as they conveniently
can, so that we may have a vote upon them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to do that this
afternoon. No one proposes to speak on the
amendment before us.
Mr. COLLAMER. Still, the gentlemen who
wish to speak on the bill have amendments which
they desire to offer; for instance, the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Harris.] When the amend-
ments pending arc passed upon, he intends to
offer his. They may be rejected in order to leave
room for his. An opportunity ought to be af-
forded to him to present it. Various other gen-
tlemen have amendments which they intend to
press. Now, I suggest, if it be desirable all round,
not hurriedly, but as soon as gentlemen are ready,
that those who have amendments to present, pre-
sent them, and have them passed upon, and get
the bill into that shape which it is to occupy for
passage. Then gentlemen will be prepared to say
whether they desire to make any remarks about
it or not. I wish that might be done as soon as
it conveniently can be; but inasmuch as gentle-
men who have amendments to offer, I know, are
not here, and want to bo heard, and if there is
nobody ready to take the floor upon the bill, there
can be no great harm in letting it go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is precisely the con-
dition of the bill to-day. There is an amendment
pending, moved by the Senator from Virginia. 1
am not aware that any person wishes to speak
upon it. Then why not vote upon it? The Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I understand, does not pro-
pose to speak to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia. He proposes to speak generally
on the bill. The Senator from New York [Mr.
Harris] gave notice of a substitute. I suppose,
. if the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio should
not prevail, he would perhaps offer it; but we arc
just now in that condition that we may vote upon
this amendment, unless the Senator from Ken-
tucky wishes to speak upon this particular amend-
ment; and 1 never understood lie did.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 gave notice and had printed an
amendment which 1 intended to offer as a substi-
tute. As that substitute has never been read in
open Senate, I should be plpased to have it read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There isasubstitutcpend-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish it read for in-
formation.
Mr. TItUMBULL. It is printed. We have
i it before us.
j Mr. DAVIS. I do not insist upon it.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a vote on the
I amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
i ator from Massachusetts press the motion for an
! executive session ?
! Mr. SUMNER. I do not think we can get a
I vote; but at the request of the Senator from Illi-
nois, I withdraw the motion to proceed tQ the con-
sideration of executive business, giving notice
that I shall move it again as soon as I can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Virginia to the original bill. :
Mr. WILLEY. At the request of some friends,
I feel disposed to relieve the Senate from voting
on this que^ion, as there seems to be some "em-
barrassment about it; but before I do so, I trust
the Senate will indulge me in making a remark.
I offered these amendments in the best faith J
imaginable, with no design whatever to embarrass
the bill. I believed in the policy enunciated in
these amendments. I saw a section of the bill
that required the President of the United States
to transport, colonize, and settle the emancipated
slaves to some tropical climate or country, and
not a dollar given to him to enable him to do it.
I wished to make that proposition available, to
give it some practical effect, and, as the amend-
ments indicated, to extend its operation. I had
no other motive in view in offering those amend-
ments. Unfortunately, it brought down upon my
devoted head a storm of wrath on the part of Sen- '
ators on the other side. I did not expect it; I did
not think then, I do not think now, that either
the proposition itself, or my relations to this Sen-
ate, or my conduct as the humblest member of
the body since I came into it, justified remarks so
uncourteous and so unkind.
Sir, 1 have been grieved since I have occupied
a seat on this floor at the intimations of Senators
that my colleague and myself were here by a kind
of charity. I admit the fact in its full force of the
delicate relations which my colleague and myself
sustain to the Senate. I know how wc came here.
1 know under what peculiar circumstances we
came here. Bat, sir, I was admitted on this floor
and took my oath as a Senator, and wilhinall the
limits of senatorial courtersy and propriety I de-
mand, and will have, the rights of a Senator. I
am entitled to them; and while I never shall urge
my views on this body in a dictatorial manner,
or expecting them to have much influence, repeat-
ing that I regard myself as the humblest Senator
on this floor, when 1 see proper I shall express
my views fully, fairly, explicitly, and fearlessly.
If I am unworthy of a seat here, the same power
that received me on this floor can dismiss me. I
am ready to go whenever Senators think I am un-
worthy of being here; but while I am here, I am
a Senator of the United States, and I claim the
courtesy, the kindness, and the rights of a Senator
of the United States.
Sir, gentlemen mistake me. I withstood the
brunt and front of secession. For defending our
glorious old Union I have been hunted from post
to pillar in my own State. I have been hissed on
the council floors of the State of Virginia for stand-
ing up and denouncing secession as treason. Sir,
I can stand here m the Senate of the United States,
and, humble as I am, if Senators on the other side
choose to make denunciations, I can afford to re-
ceive them and let them pass unnoticed. It was
my intention to let them pass yesterday on that
hypothesis. When honorable gentlemen, distin-
guished for their long service and ability in this
body, see proper to hurl unkind and uncourteous
denunciations against me m the exercise of my
rights, humble as I am, I think i can afford to
let them go without a reply; and but for the ad-
vice of friends, I should have let them go. Gen-
tlemen may mistake the metal I am made of. _ I
like quiet, I like peace, I like courtesy, I like
kindness; but when I believe I am right, no power
less than God can move me from that basis.
I have been pained at intimations thrown against
my colleague and myself, and against those whom
wc represent, that because we come from a slave
State we come here as a kind of semi-barbarians;
that the influences of slavery are those of barba-
rism; and K seems to me the indications yesterday
were that Senators designed to cany into practi-
cal effect that hypothesis—that we were not en-
titled to anything here more than semi-barbarians
would be entitled to. I scorn to ventilate the
record of the North or of the New England States.
If I had that carrion-fly disposition that could buzz
all over the fair surface of the body to light upon
a sore, how readily could I indulge such a dispo-
sition I I need but kindle the fires of New Salem
to illuminate the record of New England civiliza-
tion. I need but go and get the blue laws, and
