108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16,
31th Oojtg....2d Sess.
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Poivell.
Senate.
for colonization. Why, sir, that clause amounts
to nothing. You will colonize no negroes under
it, or, if any, very few. In the first place, it is to
be voluntary colonization. No man ever spoke
more truly than my colleague did the other day.
When speaking of the negro, lie said he was not
a migratory anmml—I do not know that I quote
his words—he would stay where you would leave
him; he would not be willing to go abroad to seek
other homes. All the other races of the earth
have gone to every part of the globe, but who
ever knew a wooly-headcd negro to go from his
native land except when under the influence of
others r Why, sir, there never would have been
one of them in this country had it not been that
the Anglo-Saxon brought him here by force.
They .were brought here by our English fore-
fathers after Queen Elizabeth, by orders of coun-
cil, authorized the slave trade, and by our own
people, particularly our Now England brethren—
for they did most of lkis .slave-trading business,
and hold on to it with very great tenacity so long
as they found it profitable. They kept in the Con-
stitution a clause allowing them to indulge in this
trade for twenty years after it was formed. Their
lands were too poor to allow slaves to work them
profitably, and they sold them South*, but they
found the trade still profitable, and they held on
to it for twenty years after the formation of the
Constitution. The negro would never have been
here but for the instrumentality of our own peo-
ple and our English ancestor*; he would have re-
mained a savage and cannibal in hi« native Africa.
Well, sir, what will you do with them? Will you
turn these four millions of slaves loose? Hint
will be the elfect of this Lull. As to colonizing
them, unless you do it by compulsion, 1 tell you
it will not be done. It never has been done, and
it never will bo, except to a very limited extent.
Why, sir, whnt has this colony at Liberia done?
After many years of the most assiduous labor,
they have got but few, and many of these went
there in order to bo free, for they were emanci-
pated upon the condition that they should go there,
and many who went under that condition, to my
knowledge, have returned. The negio, while he
remains in this country, should be held as aslavo.
It is best for both the black and the white man
that it should be so. The Iroe negroes are the most
worthless, thriftless, lazy, vagabond population
on earth.
1'uf, sir, (his hill provides that you shall buy
homes for them, and colonize them. How much
money would it take ? The Senator from Virginia,
(Air. WiLLKY,j who seems to have had a good
deal todo with this Colonization Society, said the
other day that it would take $500 a head, if so,
it would cost you two thousand millions of money
to colonize these slaves. An1 you in a condition
to bear such an expendilute as thut ? I suppose
tins Government owes to-day a thousand millions
of dollars. Your expenses in carrying on this war
arc said to be three or four millions a day. If the
staves were willing to go, couUI you bear the ex-
pense? Certainly you could not, and therefore I
say this colonisation clause in the bill amounts
to nothing. I would not give a fig for it, oi all
the negroes that you will i-ver colonize under it.
It is a mere tub thai you h ive thrown out to let
those people who dislike free negroes to come
among them, sport with for a while.
Senators, if your object is not the emancipation
of all the slaves, if you go on with this kind of
legislation, you will soon make all the people in
the slave States think so. 1 have been very much
opposed to the legislation that has been under
consideration here. I knew it would irritate; I
knew it would do no good; I knew it would do
much Jii/rm; J knew if. would make many now
friendly, enemies to this Union. What has been
done in the last two months on this subject of
slavery? You have passed the resolution recom-
mended by the President, proposing to give aid
to the border States to effect emancipation. You
have abolished slavery in the District of Colum-
bia,and in thatbill you inserted a clause allowing
a negro to testify, and by another clause the oath
of the master is made unequal to tiiatof his negro.
Then you have passed an article of war preventing
any officer of the A rmy surrendennir up a fugitive
slave under penalty of dismission imm the service.
Ihe Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury]
proposed to amend that bill by inserting a pro-
vision that if any officer should engage in entic-
ing or decoying a slave from the seivice ofa loyal
master, he should be subject to a like penalty.
You refused to agree to it„ If you wanted equal
and cxact justice, why did you not insert that
provision to punish with dismissal from the ser-
vice any officer who should entice a slave from a
loyal owner; in other words, who should engage
in negro stealing. You chose not to do it. What
is the result? I regret to allude to these things.
It is a fact published in the newspapers, and I
was told by gentlemen from Baltimore not long
since, that from General Banks's column there
passed through the city of Baltimore, under mili-
tmy escort, some ninety slaves, and they were
carried and turned loose in Philadelphia. Whether
they were the slaves of loyal men or not I do not
know; but there you find the military arm of the
Government is being used to send runaway slaves
to the free States. I hear no complaint from Re-
publicans about that; but if one slave were deliv-
ered up to his owner, you would hear great com-
plaint about it.
I saw it stated recently in the newspapers, and
one of my colleagues in the House told me night
before last he had letters from his district inform-
ing him, that from the northern part of Kentucky
there had been taken forty-live negroes from loyal
masters. They were taken in aGovcrnmentstcam-
boat which passed Collettsburg, in Kentucky, to
Ohio, and turned loose, and they were taken by
order of those m command of the post somewhere
on the Big Sandy. We hear no complaint about
this from the other side of the Chamber. If the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Dela-
ware hud been inserted in this article of war, those
gentlemen would have been dismissed from the
service. In addition to this, you have lepealed all
the disabilities on these negroes from carrying the
mails. Senators and Representatives have openly
advocated the arming or the slaves. Propositions
have been introduced into Congress to reduce
sovereign States to Territories. A great deal of
what you have done, I have heretofore said was
unconstitutional. It will be very hard to make
the people who are interested in this kind of prop-
erty believe that your object is not to destroy it.
I speak plainly, butt trust without offense. With
all these acts before them, notwithstanding your
professions, your declarations in the way of con-
gressional resolutions, party platforms, and the
President's jnessages, that you have no right, de-
sire, or intention to inteifere with slavery in the
States, you will find it very hard to make them be-
lieve that such is not your object. The people of
the slave States would be stupid, indeed, if they
doubted, after the many evidences you have given
them in the last few months, that your intention
and object was not to destroy the institution of
slavery. I know there are Republicans who do
not favor the measures to which I have alluded,
but so far their numbers have been too few to
prevent the legislation to which I have referred.
Extreme anti-slavery mon'desirc the war as an
instrument to accomplish the destruction of Afri-
can slavery. They do not desire the Union to be
reconstructed unless slavery shall first be abol-
ished. If these men thought that slavery would
not be abolished by the war, and that the Union
would be reconstructed as it was before the com-
mencement of this unfortunate civil war, they
would oppose the war, and would not furnish
either men or money to carry it on; prominent
anti-slavery men, both in and out of Congress, have
so declared? If our form of Government, our
constitutional rights, our civil liberties, arc pre-
served, the radical and extreme men, who now
hold sway, who prefer the destruction of the
domestic institutions of the southern States to the
preservation of the constitutional Union of our
fathers, must be repudiated by the people, and
conservative men, who revere the Constitution
and have a just appreciation of civil and consti-
tutional liberty must till their places. If that is
not done, I have but little hope of preserving our
system of Government. If the people will rally
boldly and fearlessly to the standards of those who
are determined to protect, preserve, and enforce
the Constitution, we may be enabled to save our
system of Government,and transmit our glorious
Constitution to those who are to comc after us.
I will now say a few words upon the fourth
section of this bill, and in order that I may not
misrepresent it, I will read it. I hope the Senate
will listen to this section. It gives the Executive
most extraordinary power:
" Seo. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Picsident of the United States, as often as in
Ill's opinion the military necessities of the Army, or the
safety, mteieet, and welfare of the United States m 'legard
to the suppression of the rebellion shall require, to order
the seizure and appropriation, by such officers, military or
civil, as he may designate fur the purpose, of any and ail
propoity confiscated and foifelted under and by virtue of
this act, vsituiited and being in any district of the United
States beyond the reach of eivil process in theoidmaiy
course ot judicial pioceedings by reason of such rebellion,
and the sale or other disposition of&aid property, or so much
of it as he shsill deem advisable.''
Was there ever, in the history of this or any
other well regulated fr<?e Government, a proposi-
tion to clothc the Executive with such vast and
extraordinary powers ? The power you propose
to give the President is not only unwise and inex-
pedient, but it is subversive of the Constitution.
The powers of Congress and of the Executive are
limited by the Constitution. The Constitution
confers on the President no judicial power. This
bill clothes the Executive with judicial and min-
isterial functions. It arms him, through his dep-
uty, with power to seize and sell the property of
sixmillionsofpcople. Thatisthelanguageofyour
bill. I say six millions of people, for 1 suppose
there are that many now engaged against the Gov-
ernment. Whether they will continue so or not I
do not know. I do not believe the passage of this
bill would cause them to lay down their arms, but
would urge them to more resolute and stern re-
sistance. The President, under this bill, through
any officer, civil or military—yes, sir, he can
clothe the most petty judge of the District of Co-
lumbia, or the most insignificantpopinjay of a lieu-
tenant of the Army, with power to go into these
States and seize and sell any or all of the property
that is confiscated by the terms of this bill. It con-
fiscates the property of all who are engaged in this
rebellion with arms in their hands, or who are giv-
ing aid and comfort to it, that property being sit-
uated where the process of Jaw cannot reach. That
is the power you give to the President of the Uni-
ted States. iTThis contemptible justice, or this lieu-
tenant, if you please, is armed with the power to
go and seize any and ail of the property at the
President's discretion, and to sell it.* He is to be
the judge. The Senate of the United States is
about to clothe the President with such a power
as that. Why, sir, yon not only clothe the Presi-
dent and his agents with judicial, but with minis-
terial functions. Me is the judge; he is the mar-
shal. You allow him to send this little lieutenant
or this justice of the peace to judge whether or not
this property belongs to persons who have been
in arms or giving aid and comfort to the rebellion,
and after, in lus office asjudgc, he decides the grave
question as to whether the parties who own the
property have been guilty of treason or not. Then
you clothc him with the power of a marshal to
put it up and sell it under the auctioned's hammer,
and to put the money in the Treasury; and what
is most remarkable, from these agencies of the
President you require no oath of office, no bond
for the,faithful performance of tfie dutiesimposed
upon them by the President; your judges are re-
quired to take an oath of office, your marshals are
required not only to take an oath (Jf office, but to
give bonds, with sufficient security, that they will
faithfully perform the duties of their offices.
Sir, I venture to say that since the organization
ofcivil Governments there never was, in any coun-
try that had any respect for liberty or for law, ati
effort to clothe a magistrate with such extraordi-
nary powers; and yet you clothc this magistrate
with that power without limitation and without
restriction. The only limitation is the will of the
President, I have thought that the President's
functions were executive alone. If the Constitu-
tion would allow it, (which it certainly does not,
for the provisions that! have read are plainly vio-
lated by this section,) I would clothe no man with
such power. I would not care how wise or how
virtuous he might be. If it were possible to en-
dow one man with all the wisdom of Solomon, the
justice of Aristides, and the stainless purity and
elevated patriotism of Washington, I would not
clothe him with such power, and no people who
