606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
United States war steamer San Jacinto; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of State, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the acts of August 16, 1842, and
August 18,1856,-a report on the commercial rela-
tions of the United States with foreign nations
for the year ending September 30, 1861; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
vPETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the establishment of a semi-
weekly mail route from Charles City to Fort
Dodge, Iowa; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Iowa,
praying that homoeopathic surgeons may be made
eligible to at least one eighth of the surgical ap-
pointments in the Army and Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Mihtia.
Mr. MORRILL" presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, praying that homoeopathic surgeons
may be eligible to appointments in the Ai my and
Navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Mili-tia
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of East Hampton, Connecticut, praying for the
total abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
Yoik, praying that " such measures may be
adopted as will insure emancipation to all the
people tinoughout the whole land,and thus com-
plete the woik which the Revolution begair,"
which was oidcred to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of the officers and
students of Amherst College, in Massachusetts,
piaying that the number of chaplains of the Aimy
may not be reduced below the minimum of one to
each regiment,and thatnomeasure be adopted that
wjII dimmish aught fiom the respectability, effi-
ciency, and usefulness of that important office;
winch was refeired to the Committee on Miiitaiy
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of thirteen
hundred citizens of Brooklyn, New Yoilt, pray-
ing that the Army and Navy may have the benefit
of the services of homoeopathic physicians; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Lie also presented a memorial from citizens of
the city of Albany, New York, praying that ho-
moeopathic surgeons may be made eligible to at
least one eighth of the surgical appointments in
the Army and Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
i le ciKo jit esented a petition ofeit i/.ens of North-
ern New Yoik, praying thai Congress may adopt
such nieauirr.s as will secure the most speedy
abrogation of the icciproeiiy treaty; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mi. WILSON", of Massachusetts, presented a
petition of the twelfth regiment band Massachu-
setts \okmteers, praying for the passage of the
bill discharging the volunteer hands; which was
relerred to the Committee on Military Allans and
the Militia.
He nho presented a petition of merchants and
mauufaeUuei s ot Huston , Mnssae hu setts, pi ay ing
that there be no extension of time for keeping iin-
ported goods m warehouse without, payment of
duty, and remonstrating against any change m
the warehouse system unless it be its total lepeal,
except the allowance of return duties on goods re-
exported; which was referred to the Committee
<m Finance.
RESOLUTIONS I-JiO.U UWIKLATUULr*.
Mr, HARRIS presented resolutions oi the Le-
gislature of New York, asking for such modffica- .
tion of the acts already parsed, and such provis-
ions in actshercalfcr to be pj.si>i*d fur the purpose ;
ot raising levenue, as thai the entire amount to i
be laised tn any State by any mode of taxation, i
except by duties on lnipoits, may be ascertained ■
by some lea^onable method ofestimating the same, j
and that each fetate be allowi d to assume the pay- i
ment ot ^anl amount, and to assess and collect the j
same in accordance with its own laws and throu°h I
us own officeis; which wu'e referred to the Com- !
mittue on Finance uiid uideied to be printed.
Mr. WADE presented the following joint reso- J
lution of the Legislature of Oh-o; which was read,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed: *
Joint Resolution lelativeto granting citizenslnpto foreigners
honorably dischaiged fiom the Army.
Whereas many woithy men of foreign birth, not enjoying
the rights and puvilegesof citizenship, have volunteered in
the service of the United States, and are now hazarding
their lives and fortunes in defense of our Constitution and
laws: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
That our Senators be instructed, and out Representatives
in Congress requested, to use their endeavors to procure
such amendment to the laws for the naturalization of for-
eigners as will secure letters of naturalization to <?neh free
white persons ot foreign birth as may produce, before any
court ot record in tiie United States, pioot ot lawful age,
and of service in the Army of the United States m the pres-
: ent war, and of an honorable discharge therefrom.
Resolved, That the Governor be lequested to transmit
copies of the above resolution to our Representatives in
Congtess. JAMES R. IIUBBELL,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JAIVJES MONROE,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
Januaiy 27, 18G0.
Office of the Secretary of State,
January 28, 1862.
T herehy eeitify that the foregoing is a ttue copy of the
original resolution on file in my office.
B. R. CO YVENj Secretary of State.
Mr. WADE presented the following joint res-
olution of the Legislature of Ohio; which was
read, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia:
Joint Resolution relative to establishing a national armory
m Ohio.
Resolved, by the General Jlssembly of the State of Ohio,
That our Senatoisbo instructed, anil our Rcpicsentatives in
Congress be lequested to use all honorable efforts to procure
the location of tiie contemplated national armory at some
Mutable point witlnn the State of Ohio; and that consider-
ing the patiiotismofthe people of the State, its central lo-
cation, the skilled labor ol so many of its citizens, its facil-
ities of communication, its pioductiveness m minerals and
all needful supplies, as lepiesentative^ of the people we
eon^idei the incidental advantages attendant upon such an
establishment justly due to this'Statf.
Resolved j Thai the Governor communicatc copies ofthese
lesolutions to the President and headsof Depamnents and
our Senatois and Repiesentatives in Congress.
JAMES R. IIUBBELL,
Speaker of the Tloutp of Representatives.
JAMES MONROE,
President pro tempore oj the Senate.
Secret utY of State's Office,
January 28, 1862.
I certify that the foiegoing joint rct-olution'is coriectly
copied fiom the original loll in this office.
B. R. CO WEN, Secretary of Stale.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the following res-
olutions of the Legislature of Michigan; which
were read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
Joint Resolutions in icfcience to the rebellion.
Whereas the Government of the United States is engaged
in putting down a causeless and wicked lehelhon against
it* authority and sovereignty, inaugurated by ambitious men
to obtain political power—a Government, the safety and
perpetuity ot which must ever ic.-t upon the loyalty "of its
citizens, and in au adherence to the Constitution ; and
whcic.is the welfaie of mankind, the usefulness and power
of the nation, aie involved in the events and issues of the
pieseut conthct: Theietoie,
Br it resolved, (the Floiivc concur!ing,) That Michigan,
loyal to heisell and to the Kudeial Government, reaffirms
hei undying hostility to tinhorn, her abiding love for fice-
dom, and hei confidence in the wisdom and paiuoti'sui of
the national Adnumstiation.
Revolved, (the House concuiiing.) That the people of
Michigan deem it the impeiative duty ot the Government
to speedily put down all insurrection against if-i authouty
and sovereignty, by the use of eveiy constitutional means,
and by the employment ot every enetgy it possesses ; that
Michigan stands firm m hei detennination to sustain, by
men and treaj-uic, the Constitution and the Union, and
claims that the burden of loyal men should be lightened, as
far as pobsshle, by confiscating, to the largest extent, the
property of :tli in^uriectionists ; and that as between the in-
stitution ofslaveiy and the maintenance of the Federal Gov-
ernment, MieliLg.ni does not hesitate to say that m such ex-
igency f-la\eiv Miouldbe s-wept fiom tiie land, and our conn-
to be maintained.
Resolved, That the Governor be lequested to forward a
copy of the foicgomg pieambio and lesolutions to each of
our Senators and Representatives in Confess.
HENRY T. BACKUS.
President of the Senate.
DEXTER MUSSEY", ,
Spralcr of the House of Representatives.
Appioved, Januaiy IS, 1862.
AUSTIN BLAIR.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the following res-
olutions of the Legislature of Michigan; which
were icfet red to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed:
Joint Resolution relative to the frontier defenses of this
State
Whereas the toits along our frontier at Detroit, Poif
Lui^n, Mackinac, and S.iuii Stc Mane, are in a disman-
tled condition, and some of them wholly without arms:
Therefore,
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the State of Michigan, That the Governor he requested to
call upon the General Government to place within this
State such quantity of guns, and of suitable quality, as to
provide Foit Wayne, Fort Giatiot, Foit Mackinac, and Fort
fiiady with a full armament, and also to put them in the
best detensive conditujp to meet any emergency which may
occui.
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives be requested, to exert their utmost
influence to accomplish this object.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to fonvard a
copy of these resolutions to each of our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress.
BYRON G. STOUT,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
DEXTER MUSSEY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Approved, Januaiy 17,1882.
AUSTIN BLAIR.
Mr. COWAN presented the following joint
resolution of the Legislature of Pennsylvania;
which was read, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs:
Joint Resolution relative to lake and river defenses of
Pennsylvania.
Whereas the state of our iclations with foreign Powers
is such as to cxeitc well-founded apprehensions for the per-
manency of our peaceful relations; and whereas, in the
event of war, our sea-coast and lake frontiers would, in
their present defenseless condition, be exposed to great
danger from our enemies : Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives oj
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in General Assembly
met, That the Congress of the United States is respectfully
but urgently requested to talce immediate steps for the
complete defense of the Delaware river and the harbor at
Ene, and such other provisions for defense as may not be
inconsistent with our treaty stipulations with Great Brit-
am, and that a depot for the accommodation of an ade-
quate naval foice he promptly established at Erie.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to send a copy
ot these resolutions to the President of the United States,
and to each of our Senatois and Representatives in Con-
gress. JOHN ROWE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
L. W. HALL,
Speaker of the Senate.
Appioved, the 29th day of January, 1862.
A. G. CURTIN.
Office of the Secretary of the Commonwealth,
Harrisburg, January 30, 1862.
Pennsylvania, ss :
I do heieby ceittfy that the foregoing is a true and correct
copy of the original act of the Geneial Assembly, entitled
■* Joint Resolution relative to lake and river defenses of
Penntj Ivania," a« the same remains on file in this office.
In testimony wheieof, I have hereunto set my hand and
Tl s ] CflusG(l ^)e seai °f the Secretary's office to be af-
L J fixed, the duy and vear above wiitten,
ELI SLIFER,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
TIIE WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask leave to present a me-
morial from the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco, praying for the repeal or modification
of the-present revenue law as to the warehousing
system, as applicable to the ports of the Pacific.
I beg leave to state to the Senate, in presenting
this memorial, that the operations of the revenue
law of the 6th of August, of the past year, have
been found to work very oppressively upon the
commercial interests of that coast. At the time
the law was under consideration I called the at-
tention of the Senate to the fact that our peculiar
situation upon that coast required different legis-
lation from that which would be applicable to the
commerce of the eastern States. Now, sir, it is
a fact that the greater portion of the goods that
are brought to that coast come from our eastern
ports, where they have been entered in bond.
Our present law requires that after they have been
in bond three months they must be taken out for
consumption, or if not, there is an additional tax
of twenty-five per cent, imposed. Most of the
^oods consumed on the Pacific coast arc exported
in bond from New York, Eoston, and Philadel-
phia to the port of San Francisco. They are en-
tered in bond at those ports. Before they can get
to San Francisco the three months have expired;
and it being impossible to make the trip within
that time, the result is, the twenty-five per centum
penalty has been attached to the original duties,
making the people pay more for the goods they
consume than the people of any other portion of
this country.
These are facts represented in this memorial,
together with a duplicate letter from the Chamber
of Commerce to the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and I earnestly and respectfully call tiie at-
tention of the Finance Committee to this peculiar
hardship upon the people of that coast. I will
