THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
bring here and read that it was a penal offense
against God and the land for a man to kiss his wife
on Sunday. I might refer to free-loveism, which
went to the other extreme—by no means so cruel,
I have no doubt, in the estimation of the Senator
from New Hampshire—that a man might kiss
not only his own wife on Sunday, but everybody
else's to boot. I might refer to all these things,
to Fourierism, to spiritualism, ami its effects,,
which had disinterred Daniel Webster, and put
a barbarous jargon of sentiments in his mouth,
uttered in barbarous language; but, sir, I scorn to
do any such thing as that. I would rather refer
to the thrift of the North and of New England.
X would rather refer, with the pride of an American
citizen, to their colleges, their schools, and their
academies; to their agriculture, their arts, their
science, their commerce, their commercc whiten-
ing every sea on the face of the earth, and levying
tribute upon the wealth of the world. 1 had rather
refer to the great men of those great States; to
their poets and their philosophers, their jurists
and their statesmen; to the Bryants and Hallecks
and Bancrofts and Irvings; to their Kents and
Storys, and to other men equally illustrious, and
claim kindred with such a race, and be proud that
I am an American citizen, because 1 might claim
to be a fellow-citizen of such men as these.
An equal charity, I think, should induce Sen-
ators on the other side, even when referring to
old Virginia, to see whether there might not be
something in her records worthy of iheir com-
mendation. How is it, sir, from that land of bar-
barism ? To whom is reference made for those
natural rights of man, as finding their best expo-
sition upon record, but to Thomas Jefferson, the
son of Virginia, and a slaveholder ? Sir, for what
are wo fighting to-day ? For what are we expend-
ing three millions daily ? For what are our sons,
our brothers, and our fathers rushing to the field
of battle? Why are (hose noble men of Illinois,
to whom the Senator alluded yesterday as lying
cold on the plains around Pittsburg Landing—
why are they there? In defense of our Constitu-
tion, the best system of govei nmunt ever devised
by man, and it was" principally the emanation of
another son of Virginia, James Madison, and he
was a slaveholder. That Constitution and Amer-
ican jutisprudence has received its bestexposition
and illustration through the wisdom and learning
of'another .son of Vnginia, the puie John Mar-
shall. Sir, there is one name that I have not men-
tioned. 1 mention it-with reverence. It is not
without revcience in this body, it is revered
through the woild; and high and illustuous and
brill hint aw are the names of New England's gie.it
men, their united luster giows dun and pale in
the presence of the name of Washington, another
son of Virginia, and a slaveholder. Am 1 to he
denounced for planting myself here, in the Senate
of the United States, on the very identically pro-
claimed principles of these great lights of Virginia
and of the woiJd? If i am, i am willing to go
down; but 1 shall not go down until thutgloiious
Constitution goes to pieces—never, sir.
Senators may, by their supeiior influence and
standing in tins body, be enabled to prejudice me
with my constituent!* at home. They may, for
aught 1 know, or for aught I care, drive me l'iom
this honored I lull; but, sir, nothing will ever de-
tach my love and regard for the Constitution of
my country. I periled all for it in my own State.
I have periled all for it heie. Nothing shall in-
tervene to prevent me from giving it my life-long,
deep devotion. 1 say heie to-day, if it be neces-
sary to destioy slavery everywheie, now and for-
ever, to preserve the Ameiioan Constitution, 1 am
ready for that. My only fear is that gentlemen,
in their haste and mad zeal to destroy shi\ ery, are
about to pull down the gku tous temple of our lib-
erties, and bury slavery, the Constitution, and all
of us m one common ruin.
Mr. President, these lemarks are the sponta-
neous outbursts of a little feeling of the moment.
I ask pardon of the Senate; i am sure I am under
great obligations to them for giving me their at-
tention under these circumstances; but 1 want it
understood, as i said in the beginning, that until
I tiansgress some of the proprieties and iret be-
yond the humble sphere in which I know 1 ought
to move heie, I intend to maintain my rights, and
the dignity and character of aScnator of the CJnited
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL, As I made some remarks
yesterday on this amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, I do not know whether these heated re-
marks of his are intended to apply to me. I said
nothing about his being here by grace, and made
no fling at his right to a seat. I thought his amend-
mend was a very inappropriate one, and I thought
it very unjust in him in the assault he made upon
my State as being unwilling to receive the free ne-
groes of Virginia; and I thought it was very unfair
in him to create the impression that we sought
to put the free negroes of other States into Vir-
ginia, or treat her differently from other States.
His proposition was one to colonize the free ne-
groes of the country generally. The bill provided
already for the colonization of such free negroes
as should be made free by it, so far as they could
be induced to go. It struck me, therefore, as a
very inappropriate amendment, one calculated to
embarrass the bill, and as such I opposed it, as I
shall always take the liberty of doing so long as
I retain a seat here, whenever I think thatameas-
uie is improper and ought not to pass, and it is
my duty to say anything in regard to it. I can-
not see that the excitement under which the Sen-
ator from Virginia seemsto labor,which heseems
to have got up since yesterday and brooded over
until he brings it into the Senate, has any appli-
cation to me: and i am not disposed myself to be
excited by his remarks. If lie proposes amend-
ments which, in my judgment, are calculated to
embarrass a bill that 1 am in favor of, 1 shall cer-
tainly not hesitate to express my opposition be-
cause he comes from Virginia and the land of
Washington; and i shall do it just as teadily as
if he came from any other State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Viigmia.
Mr. WILLKY. I believe 1 forgot the main
thing for which 1 rose: and that was, at the. in-
stance of some of my friends, to withdraw the
amendment with the leave of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the Chair
understand the Senator from Virginia to with-
draw the amendment he offered? it is his puv-
ilege to do so, if he chooses.
Mr. WILLEY. I withdraw the amendment;
but at the same time, I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator fi nm I Minois. The sect ion as it now
stands imposes n duty on the President without
giving him any means with which to do it. If it
is made in good faith, ought not the President to
have the means to cany it, out? 1 suggest to the
Senator to strike out of my amendment the sum
of #f>,000 0(10, and put in ^100,000. I do not offer
Has an amendment myself.
Mr. TRUM1HJLL. 1 am very glad to answer
that suggestion. It is made in a different spirit
from the remaiks he made yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro te.mpoie. The Chair
understands the amendment to be withdrawn.
M r. TRUMHULL. Put 1 understand the Sen-
ator to make another suggestion, to reduce the
amount. The bill contains no appropriation. My
idea of that was this—it may not be acceptable to
the Senator from Virginia, but it is my view of
it; we could not go into the detoils of this ques-
tion. If a bill of this character—there is a great
variety of* opinion in regard to it—should finally
leceive the sanction of Congress and of the Pres-
ident, then it would he necessary to make an ap-
propriation to carry it into effect, and we should
need many details, perhaps, in regard to the bill.
In initiating a great mr-asuie of this kind, all that
can be done in the first instance, if that much can
he accomplished, is to settle the great principles
that you design to carry out, and afterwards an
appropriation would have to be made. I did not
thmk it was advisable to try a different way in
this bill. We could not well tell how much to ap-
propriate, and I wanted to settle the. principle, if
I could. I am in good faith for colonizing all the
negroes of this country that shall be made free by
this act who will be willing to go. I concur veiy
generally in all that has been said by the Senator
from Wisconsin on that subject; but manifestly we
could notascertam now how much money would
be required, or go into these details. I hope the
Senator from Virginia will withdraw his amend-
ment, and not petsi.-t in it.
The PRESIDENT joro tempore The Chair un-
derspends flint amendment to be withdrawn. The
question recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POWELL, I will make the motion to go
into executive session, with the understanding
that I shall have the floor on this bill on Mon-
day, provided the Senator from New York is not
present.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion for an executive
session, if agreed to, would leave the Senator enti-
tled to the floor for Monday.
Mr. POWELL. Very well,
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Spril 11, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ULYSSES S. GRANT.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to move, at the
proper time, to go into a Committee of the Whole
House, to take up the Private Calendar. There
are some bills there which ought to be passed.
Does the Chair rule that we cannot move to go in to
committee until after the morning hour expires?
Mr. WASIIBURNE. 1 desire to make a sug-
gestion to my colleague, Avhich I know the House
will concur in. My collcaguo reported a bill the
other day from the Committee on Military Affairs
for the relief of Major General Grant. It is a bill
of great justice, and which ought to have been
passed years ago; and I am sure the House will
agree to take it up and act upon it. Itjs a bill to
pay General Grant the sum of $1,000 which was
stolen from him while quartermaster, during the
Mexican war. The proof,as my colleague knows,
is full and dear, and Congress has, in every in-
stance of this kind, repaid the amount so lost.
This petition was before the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, but no action was taken upon it; it has
slept from that day to this. 1 ask my colleague
to have the bill taken up, and then 1 will offer an
amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am indifferent as to
the manner in which the bill is reached. It was
to reach that bill and one other that T desired to
go into committee upon the Private Calendar, 1
now ask the unanimous consent of the House to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House
from the further consideration of that bill, and to
bring it before the House for action.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I would like first
to hear the bill read.
The bill, which was read, provides that in the
settlement of the accounts with the Treasury of
Lieutenant U. S. Grant, as commissary and regi-
mental quartermaster, fourth infantry, there shall
be allowed to him the sum of $1,000, on account
of the loss of that amount of public funds m his
hands by theft on the night of June 16, 1848, the
loss being without neglect or fault on his part.
Mr. OL1N. 1 ask that the report may be read
in connection with the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the report is not at this moment on the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I can state in a few
words the substance of the report. Lieutenant
U. S. Giant was quarteimaster for the fourth in-
fantry in 1847 and 1848. At Tacubaya, Mexico,
Lieutenant Grant had §1,000 in silver, belonging
to the quartermaster's department; the lock on
his trunk being broken, and having no place of
security in which to keep the money, he deposited
the entne amount in the trunk of Captain Gore,
an officer of the same regiment. Subsequently
the trunk of Captain Gore was stolen from Gore's
tent, with the money in it, and other effects.
The facts are fully established by the sworn
statement of Lieutenant Grant, as also of the testi-
mony of Captain Gore and Lieutenants Jones and
De Russey.
No objection beinsr made, the Committee of the
Whole House was disciiaiged from the further
consideration of said bill, and it was brought be-
fore the House for action.
