1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
state, sir, that unless the memorial receives favor-
able action on the part of the Committee on Fi-
nance, I shall feel it my imperative duty to intro-
duce a ^ill providing specially for a warehousing
system applicable to the commerce of that coast.
I move that the memorial and accompanying pa-
pers be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to:
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William R.
Coombs, on the flic* ol the Senate, be refeired to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
33) in relation to the pay of the first Senators and
Representatives m Congress from the State of
Minnesota, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
SUPERINTENDENCE OF CAPITOL EXENSION.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committer on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instiucted to inquiie into the expediency and
propriety ot tiansfening the t-upeuntendency of the Capitol
Extension fiom the War Depai tmcnt to the Depaitment of
the Interior.
GENERAL LANE'S EXPEDITION.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate, if not, in his judgment, incompati-
ble with the public interest, the oiders, supplies, and amount
of force given or to be given to the military command in
service in Kansas ; whether the tame is to he commanded
byGeneial Lane or some other person; and whether any
change in the orders to that department have been made
since Geneial Lane left this city to assume the dutieo of his
office ; and whether the following order, purporting to be
fiom Geneial Huntei, is m accordance with instructions
received fiom the War Depaitment heie:
"in the expedition about to be stai ted south from this de-
partment, called in the newspapers General Lane's expedi-
tion, it is the intention of the major geneial commanding
this depaitment to command in person, unless otherwise
expressly ordeted by the Government. *
"Transportation not having been supplied, we must go
without it.
"AM tents, trunk?, chests, chairs, camp tables, camp
clothes, &c., mu;-t be at once stored or abandoned. The
geneial commanding takes in his valise but one change of
clothing, and no officer or soldier will cariy mote. The
surplus room in the knapsack must be reseived for ammu-
nition and provisions. Eveiy officer and soldier will cariy
his own clothing and bedding.
"The general commanding has applied to the Govern-
ment for six biigadier general* from the senior colonels, to
enable him to do this m accoidance with the order on the
subject. Each colonel will immediately repoit the date on
which lie was mu'-teied into the service of the United
States. D. HUNTER, ,
" Major General Commanding."
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the resolution at this
time.
Mr. CARLILE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to,
and mustlie over.
NATIONAL SAVING INSTITUTION.
Mr. SIMMONS. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing by law a na-
tional institution of saving and liscal a«_'cnt of the Govern-
ment; and that they have Ifcave to report by hill oi otherwise.
I do not desire the consideration of the resolu-
tion to-day; I prefer that it should lie on the table
for the present; but when it is called up, if the Sen-
ate has leisure, I may have a word or two to say
on the subject.
FLAX A SUBSTITUTE FOR COTTON.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot mak- |
ui  an appropiiation in aid of the t.xpei limine lor the man 1
ufactuie of flax as a substitute for cotton. i
THE RECIPROCITY TREATY. |
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the folio wins: i us- I
olution, and asked for its present consideration: !
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be diiectcd
to inquire into the expediency  f immediately notifying ,
Great Britain that the reciprocity tieaty between the United
States and Canada is not reciprocal, and will tenniiiate at
the earliest possible moment, accoidmg to the terms of the
treaty.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
183) to provide for the selection of sections of land
for school purposes in the State of California,
where the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections are
located in the several townships upon mineral
lands; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
COTTON AND TOBACCO SEED.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 255) making an appropriation for
the purchase of cotton seed for general distribu-
tion, have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment. I should like to have it considered
now. It is a small bill, and I suppose it can be
passed at once.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as m Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate $3,000 for the purchase of cotton seed,
under the superintendence of the Secretary of the
Interior, for general distribution; but the seed is
to be purchased from places where cotton is grown
as far north as practicable.
The amendment of the committee is in line five,
after the word " seed" to insert " and §1,000 for
the purchase of tobacco seed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. I am not aware, sir, of any
reason that has been given for the passage of this
hill. I have been informed, I do not know how
truly, that cotton seed will not grow unless it is
planted in the same*climate where it has been
made. If that is so, we are in no condition at this
time, I presume, to purchase it; and before any
benefits can result from purchases of seed here-
after to be made, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether cotton will grow in different latitudes
from that in which it has heretofore been grown
in the United States, I trust that we shall have an
opportunity to obtain cotton from where it has
been heretofore afforded in this country. I do not
think there is any pressing necessity for the ap-
propriation of this amount of money now. I
therefore move the postponement of this biil until
the first Monday in December next.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the bill will not be
postponed. I supposed it was within the knowl-
edge of ail Senators that cotton has been grown
and can be grown in the southern part of the
northern border States, as they are called. Every-
body that 1 have heaiti talk of it says it has been
grown for fifty years, as long as Indiana and Ohio
and Illinois have been settled. The object of this
bill is to furnish the farmers of those States with
seeds from the most northerly portion of our
country where cotton has been heretofore usually
grown. I trust the bill will be allowed to pass.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope this bill will not be
postponed, for I know that the raising of cotton
in our State is no new experiment; we have tried
it for two or three years, and quite successfully.
There is but iittle cotton seed there, I am soriy
to say; yet lust year and the year before we raised
and baled and sent to market, from the southern
portion of Kansas, cotton which was pronounced
good. I know that it will be a great relief to our
people to have some cotton seed.
Mr. PEARCE. I have some experience in
laising cotton myself, sir. 1 have raised it both
in the South and in the State of Maryland, and I
am satisfied that it never can be a profitable cul-
tivation as far north as the southern boundary of
Maryland. I have raised it on my own lands
there. Cotton can be raised and has been raised
m many parts of Maryland; in former days it
was a very common thing; but it will not answer
as a crop. You cannot make a quarter of a bale
of cotton to the ocrc. The picking of it is a labor-
ious thm<x. It i mis far into the cold weather. The
bolls do not open as they do in the southern coun-
try. Instead of having the fabric falling out in the
boll, and ready to be pulled away from the stem,
the bolls have to be picked open, and sometimes
they are very hard,and the picking requiresagrcat
deal of labor and is a work of time. I am satisfied,
therefore, that the cotton culture cannot be any-
thing at all in those regions in which it is now
desired to make the experiment. At all events,
let the experiment be made by those who are
willing to do it at their own expense. This Gov-
ernment has other business to do, I think, than
providing seeds for all parts of the country, and
for experiments which are likely to prove entirely
unsuccessful. Cotton may be raised in southern
Kansas, as the Senator from Kansas says, as it
can be in Maryland; but it can never be made a
profitable crop there, and it will not be worth the
$3,000 proposed to be expended upon it.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the third
time. The bill was read the third time,and passed.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, the title of the
bill was amended, so as to reacf, " An act making
an appropriation for the purchase of cotton and
tobacco seed for general distribution. "
PAY OF THE NAYY.
Mr. HALE. I move to take up the bill (S. No.
158) regulatingthe pay of the officers of the Navy
and for other purposes, in order to refer it to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I have the assent
of the committee that reported it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
LONDON INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote rejecting the
joint resolution with regard to the industiial ex-
hibition at London.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will be
entered.
BAKERIES AT THE CAPITOL.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to call up for considera-
tion at this time a joint resolution reported some
days ago directing the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds to remove as soon as prac-
ticable the Army bakeries in the basement of the
Capitol building. If that is done at all, it should
be done at an early day. The observation of every
Senator will bear testimony to the immense injury
that is being done by the soot and fumes and smoke
of these bakeries to the Congressional Library . 1
move that the resolution be taken up, and I think
it will lead to no debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 33) directing the removal of the
Army bakeries from the Capitol, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It is a direction to the Commissioner
of Public Buildings to cause to be removed as soon
as possible, from the Capitol of the United States,
the Army bakeries, and everything pertaining to
them; and appropriates $8,000 for the purpose.
If the whole of the sum should not be nccessary
for the removal of the bakeries, the Commissioner
is to expend the balance in repairing the damage
done to the Capitol and Capitol grounds in con-
sequence of its occupancy for Army purposes.
Mr. FOOT. I will read an extract from a letter
of the Librarian of the Congressional Library, ad-
dressed to the Commissioner of Public Buildings
on this subject:
'• I am pained to see a treasure intrusted to my care—a
treasure that money cannot replacc—icceiving groat dam-
age from the smoke and soot that penetrate evervvvheie
through that part of the Capitol which is under my charge,
without any means at my command to prevent it. I am
now satisfied that there U no lemcdy, except in the removal
of the circle of bakeues that hemd us in, and of those di-
rectly under the Library."
The Commissioner goes on to remark:
"From this it will be seen that a much longer continu-
ance of the bakeries will very much liijmc, if not nun. the
vast and valuable collection of hooks in the Libnuy of Con-
gress, which has co^t so much money and is of such im-
mense value to the Government."
The Commissioner also says that it will cause
no delay, no serious inconvenience in erecting
bakeries at other places, as there are several va-
cant buildings in the immediate neighborhood
much moie convenient and much more accessible
for this purpose and for the teams necessarily em-
ployed m this business than the Capitol itself.
Pie instances a large vacant building, formerly
erected for the manufacture of gas, sufficiently ca-
pacious for the erection of one hundred ovens for
this purpose, more convenient and more accessi-
ble than the Capitol of the nation,and from which
