1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fortheBrunswickdistrictin Georgia,from Darien
to Brunswick; and it further provides that there
shail be appointed, according to law, a deputy-
collector, to reside at Darien,"and exercise such
functions as theSecretary of the Treasury, under
the revenue law, may prescribe.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsidcr the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OltDEIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of considering the
special order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask the gen-
tleman to give way to allow me to ask the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideration
of a bill to establish a land office m the Territory
of Nevada, with a vieiv to put it upon its passage.
The bill has been drawn by the Commissioner of
the Geneial Land Office, and I am sure there
will be no objection to it. It will take but a few
minutes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The bill which is
the special order has been under consideration on
half a dozen different days, and I propose now to
ask the House to act upon it, and dispose of it in
one way or the other. I do not care what the
House may do with it, but i am anxious that it
shall be disposed of. I must therefore insist on
my motion.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether lie intends to press the
bill which is before the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to a decision to-day?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; that is
my purpose.
Mr. DELANO. Then I ask the permission of
the gentleman to call the attention of the House to
an understanding which has been had for some
three weeks, that the House would take up the
business relating to the District of Columbia, for
the purpose of acting upon it, and finishing it
before any other business shall be considered in
Committee of the Whole. I do not wish to inter-
fere in any way with the business which the gen-
tleman desires to bring before the Committee of
the Whole, but I do desire to remind the House
of the understanding under which we have been
acting for some three weeks, and to have some
time fixed when the business of the District of
Columbia shall be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Does tiie gentleman
make a motion 011 that subject?
Mr. DELANO. I a^k the House to fix, to set
apart, some day for the business pertaining to the
District of Columbia, when it can be taken up and
disposed of. That is all. I would propose the
earliest day on which there is no special assign-
ment. What that day is I am not able to say, not
having the Calendar before me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that to-morrow is the earliest day for
which there is no assignment made.
Mr. DELANO. Then I ask that the House,
in pursuance of the ptevious understanding, will
assign to-morrow as the day for taking up the
business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. DUNN. I must object to that proposition.
To-morrow is the only day for private business.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DELANO. Then I suggest that the next
day for which there is no special order be assigned.
The SPEAKER. That will be next Monday.
Mr. DELANO. I propose next Monday, after
the morning hour, for the business pertaining to
the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
assignment will be made.
Mr. W1CKLIFRE. I object. That is the day
for offering resolutions; and 1 have been waiting
for three weeks to have an opportunity of offer-
ing a resolution.
Mr. DELANO. Then I propose Tuesday next,
and at the same time I beg to remind the House
of the special agreement made on that subject.
Mr. WALTON. I object.
BOARD OF FORTIFICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules to take up the special
order.
Mr.BLAIR,ofMissouri. Pending that motion,
I move that all debate on the special order be
closed in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union m one hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to suspend
the rules, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended;and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Train in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration, as a
special order, of House bill No. 416, authorizing
the appointment of a board of fortifications, to
provide for the sea-coast and other defenses of the
United States, and for other purposes, on which
geneial debate was closed, by order of the House,
in one hour. *
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Chairman, as a member
of the select committee on lake and harbor de-
fenses, and as a western Representative, I desire,
with the consentof the House, to add a few words
to what has already been said upon the necessity
and importance of the proposed national improve-
ments recommended by the several committees
who have had these matters in special charge.
neglect of the northwest by the govern-
ment.
The great Northwest, which, on notice, fur-
nishes more than her proportion of your armies,
and lights successfully your battles; which fills
the granaries of the world, and contributes largely
to the support of the nation, has, up to this time,
been practically denied the fostering care of the
Government. Owing to the open and covert hos-
tility of the men who are now in rebellion against
us, and the want of union and fidelity on the part
of her own Representatives, she has been unable
to secure even the appropriations necessary for
the security of our immense commerce in time of
peace. Not a dollar could be obtained for the re-
moval of obstructions at the entrances of our har-
bors, on the St. Clair fiats, or any of our western
rivers.
In view of these facts, may I not, without im-
propriety, call upon every western member to co-
operate in demanding these necessary improve-
ments. And may I not also add, that I trust gen-
tlemen lepresenting localities which are contesting
their claims for any one or all these improvements,
will not permit local rivalries to divide and defeat
the passage of an act either establishing the point
or pomis at which they are to be loeated, or au-
thorizing a commission, to which their selection
shall bo intrusted? The committees of this House,
to whom these several matters have been specially
referred, have been unable to agree upon a loca-
tion for cither an armory, a foundery, or a naval
depot; hence a commission has been recommended
for that purpose.
peculiar claims of different cities.
That the selection of a location for the impiove-
ments contemplated will devolve upon those in-
trusted with it a very important and responsible
duty, all concede; and whether it shall finally be de-
termined by Congress or commissioners, I desire
to call the special attention of those to whom it
shall be in trusted, to the superior advantages which
the city of Toledo possesses for either one or all
the proposed works. The selection of such a lo-
cation is! especially a responsible duty, when we
consider the number and respectability of the cities
makingapplication to Congress for these improve-
ments. The city of Davenport, Iowa, lays great
stress upon the "fact that the Government owns
real property there, upon which it will be conven-
ient to erect such works as are needed; while the
city of Columbus, the capital of my own State,
makes as strong a claim out of the fact that within
a radius of three hundred miles she is the center
of a large population and numerous commercial
and manufacturing privileges. Arguments of like
nature characterize nearlyalltbe numerousmemo-
rials that have been presented to Congress on this
subject, so that great discretion will be necessaiy
011 the part of the commissioners to whom the
selection of a location may he intiusted. It can
scarcely be expected that a question of such im*
portance will be determined by any of the single
advantages claimed for one place more than an-
other for these improvements; butrather that they
will be located at that place which,upon a careful
examination and contrast, is found to possess the
greatest number of advantages for the improve-
ments recommended.
the advantages necessary.
That placeof thegreatest strategic importance,
most central in its position, which is supplied
with the most expeditious means of communi-
cation, is most convenient for obtaining needful
manufacturing materials, enjoys a favorable pros-
pective greatness, where labor can be readily ob-
tained at reasonable rates, food furnished in ade-
quate quantities, and fuel and timber of the best
quality are nearest of access, is the place of all
others which should be chosen.
should be located on water communication.
Assuming as an indispensable requisite that the
improvements called for should be located upon
one of the principal chains of water communica-
tion, it will not be necessary to examine, at any
length, the arguments employed in favor of those
places which have an interior or inland location.
great britain our only possible enemy.
Aside from the domestic foe with whom weare
now at war, the only Power whose hostility we
may anticipate, or against which we need warlike
preparation on our northwestern frontier, is that
of Great Britain. Should war with heroccur,the
first shock would be felt on those lakes which form
partof our northern boundary—Ontario, Erie, or
Huron. As if aware of this, it has for many
years been the policy of Great Britain, as rapidly
as was consistent with her means, and with the
requirements of pcacc between the two countries,
to so fortify her lake coast and harbors as to be
ready for defense or aggression at the earliestmo-
ment after the commencement of hostilities.
her defenses on the lakes.
Hence we discover that she has a formidable
fortress and depot of military and naval stores at
Kingston, on Lake Ontario, another at Maiden,
at the mouth of Detroit river, and a third at Pene-
tanguishene, on Georgian bay, Lake Huron, be-
sides forts more or less impregnable at Toronto,
Niagara, Port Stanley, Windsor, and Port Sarnia.
For~a greater part of the time she has regiments
stationed at one or more of these posts, and ves-
sels equipped and manned for service at her naval
depot at Penetanguishene. There has been no
time during the last twenty years that Great Brit-
ain could not, in case of war, have obtained an
early command of tiie lakes, especially of Lake
Erie, which is alike the most important of the
chain for business purposes and the most de-
fenseless; and to-day no part of our country, in
case of war with Great Britain, is so much ex-
posed as that bordering the great lakes. Gentle-
men who have made themselves acquainted with
the growtii of this part of the country, its exten-
sive commerce, its large and increasing cities, its
enterprising population, will readily admit that
there is no part of the Union where war could
strike a more deadly blow.
importance of the lake region.
The territory m and around the western lakes '
is to-day;, and ever will be, the center and source
of American power on the continent. By a rare
union of commercial, agricultural, and manufac-
turing advantages, each shore of these great
waters is a mart of trade, which must in time give
employment to a large population, and accumu-
late greater wealth than any other territory of
equal size in the Union. Thus, sir, in all the
elements which make a nation great, the time is
not far distant when this portion of our country
will acknowledge no superior.
policy to be adopted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, my idea of the policy
proper for this Government to pursue, in the erec-
tion of works pertaining to the defense of the coun-
try, is that it should at least keep pace with Great
Britain in every warlike improvement. Suppose
that Great Britain should, to-morrow,declare war
against us: what are our means of defense on
the boundary of the great lakes ? Where arc oar
fortresses, our armories, our naval depots, our
harbor obstructions, our gunboats? Why, sir,
before we could be in readiness to meet her, what
could prevent her from capturing most of our
ports? Glance along the eight hundred miles of
