1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE offered the following
amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the accounts
of the said Grunt have been fully settled at the proper, ac-
counting office of the Treasury, and the said amount of
$1,000 accounted tor, then and m that case there shall be
paid to the said Grant the f=um of $1,000 out of any money
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That amendment is
perfectly acceptable, as it is fully in accordance
with the wishes of the committee that reported
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I jnove to amend the
bill by inserting the full name, "Ulysses S.
Grant."
The amendment was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, from the
Committee of Elections, made a report in the case
of Le Grand Byington, contesting the seat of Mr.
Vaxdever, of Iowa, accompanied with the fol-
lowing resolution; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed:
Resolved? That William Vandever has not been en-
titled to a seat us member of this House since he was mus-
tered into the military service of the United States as col-
onel of the ninth Iowa regiment of volunteer infantry, to
wit: since the 21th of September 18(31.
JOSEPH NOCK.
On motion of Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey,
it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papeis of Joseph Nock.
EMANCIPATION IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the bill before the committee yesterday. Pending
that motion, I move that debate upon that bill be
closed in one hour after the committee resumes its
consideration.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the motion
by making it two hours, instead of one. I make
the motion for this reason: that if any gentleman
upon the southern side of the House desires it,
he may have an hour to speak.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I call the gentleman to
order, i do not know what he means by southern
side of the House.
Mr. COLFAX. I used the word in no sense
of disrespect. As gentlemen will not accept the
motion in the spirit in which I made it, I with-
draw it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object to the use of
the term.
The SPEAKER.. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I made apomtof order
upon the gentleman from Indiana, which has not
been decided.
The {SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
has withdrawn liis amendment. The Chair sees
no reason why he might not have used the lan-
guage which he did use.
Mr. WICKXIFEE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Is it in order toputaques-
tion to the Chair5
The SPEAKER. Not in the nature of debate.
Mr. AicKNIGIIT. I merely wish to inquire
whether any gentleman upon the other side of
the House desires to speak upon this question?
The SPEAKER. That is m the nature of
debate.
Air. MALLORY. May I be permitted to an-
swer the inquiry of the gentleman?
The SPEAKER. Not without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Blouse to do so.
Mr. LOVE JOY and Mr. BINGHAM objected. I
The question was then put; and it was decided '
in the negative—yeas 57, nays (i4; as follows:
YE \S—Mes-is. Aidi ich, Alley. Arnold, A>hl< ^, Baker,
Beaniati, Bingham, Samuel S. JJbui. Wake, Ciithaton,
Campbell. Chanibeilm, < '!ai k, Col lax, Ftederick A. Couk-
lui'j, Covode. DavU, Kilgciton, Eliot. Feiuon. Fe>sendeu,
Frunciiot, Goodwin, llaiieiietf, Hickman, Hooper, Flutoh-
ins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. lveilogg, Lanfuig, Loomis.
Lovejoy, Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill,
Pike,Potter, John H. Bice, Itiddle, Sargent, Shanks,Sloan,
Spauldmg, Stevens, Train, Trowbridge, Van Iloin, Van
Valkeuburgh, Verree,.Wallace, E. P. Walton, Washburne,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Wmdorn—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Biddlo,
Francis P. lllair, Jacob 15. Blair, George H. Biowne; Wil-
liam G. Brown, Calveit, Casey, Crittenden, Dawes, Del-
ano, Dui'il, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, English, Gtangei,
Grider, H audit, Hall, TIaiding, llai nson, i-Iohrian, Johnson,
Keritgan, Killmaer. Knapp,'Law, Lehman, McKnight,
MePherson, Mallorj, Meuzte*, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nu-
gen, OdeJl, Oun, Pendleton, Perjy, Timothy G. Phelps,
Porter, Price, Alexander II. Itiec, Richaidson, Edward II.
Ltollins, Sheffield, Shellabaigr-r, Shiel, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Straiten, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Wlialey,
Chilton A. White, Wieklifte, and Woodruff—64.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. WORCESTER stated that he was paired
off with Mr. Ckisfield.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and being put, the motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration ol*
Senate bill No. 108, for the release of certain per-
sons held to service or labor in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. NIXON. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of
the general principles of the bill now pending be-
fore the committee. The gradual emancipation
of the slave would have been more in harmony
with the past modes of dealing with this question,
and more in accordance with my views of public
policy. But if immediate emancipation, with just
compensation, shall prove to be the sentiment of
the House, I am prepared to exercise an express
constitutional power, and vote to remove forever
the blot of slaveiy fiom the national capital.
1 have not risen, sir, to discuss the details of
the bill; I propose to avail myself of the indul-
gence of the committee to throw out some gen-
era! observations concerning the maladies which
afflict the nation's life, and the remedies to be ap-
plied for their cuie; and 1 do it with gieater free-
dom from the fact that since I have had a scat
upon this floor 1 have studiously refrained from
either introducing or discussing any topic having
the most remote connection with the slavery agi-
tation. I have never been able to see any good
results to the master or the slave from its intro-
duction and discussion here. But the progress of
events is bringing us up to this question. It stands
face to face before us. We must meet it. Wecan-
not shrink from it if we would. I tinst that none
of us would if we could. It is a question of mo-
mentous issues, affecting not only the present but
the future destiny of the nation, and we should
act upon it with a constant reference to the ic-
sponsilulities which we owe to God, to our con-
stituency, and to mankind.
1. As to the origin of our national troubles.
It has been tiaced to various sources. Some
men tell us that the civil war is directly referable
to the failure of the Democratic party to unite
upon this candidate or that, at Chatleston and
Baltimore, as if the Government of the United
States were so weak an instrument as to depend
upon this or that political organization for its ex-
istence, or the performance of its proper functions.
Others say that it has been caused by the inaugu-
ration of a Republican Administration, as if the
election of a party candidate, under the Consti-
tution, and according to all the forms of the Con-
stitution, were a sufficient pretext for organized
treason to attempt its destruction. Others again
allege that all of our present troubles grow out of
the pitiful weakness of Buchanan and the treach-
ery of his Cabinet, as if the weakness 3f one man
or the treachery of many were fin excuse for the
attempt to overthrow the most beneficent Govern-
ment that ever before held its gentle sway over a
happy and prosperous people.
Sir, it is a very significant fact, and one that
most strongly suggests the causelessness of this
rebellion, that the conspirators themselves do not
agtee as to the causes which produced it. While
northern sympathizers in secession and treason
vex the air with anathemas upon the heads of
abolitionists and Republicans—charging upon
them the responsibility of this civil strife—their
whilom political leaders and southern friends, in
their several spheres, distract the public mind with
their different theories about- the origin of the'in-
surrection. The newspaper press of the country
which brought to Washington-the iirst inaugural
address of Jefferson Davis, under what they call
rather inopportunely their permanent government,
also contained the letter of Messrs. Yancey, Rost,
and Mann, envoys of the so-called southern con-
federacy, addressed to the English Government
through Earl Russell. „ '
In his address Mr. Davis used the following
language, in justification of the attempted with-
drawal from the Union of the seceded States? i~
" When a long course of class legislation, directed notto
thegeneial w<ilfaic,butto the aggrandizement of the north-
ern section of the Union, culminated in a warfare on the
domestic institutions of the southern States: when the dog-
mas of a sectional paity, substituted to'i the provisions of
the constitutional compact, threatened to destroy the sov-
ereign rights of the States, six of those States, withdrawing
from the Union, confederated together to exercise the right
and pciloim the duty of instituting a government which
would bettei secme the liberties for the preservation of
which that Union was established."
The precise specification is that the General
Government, although notoriously under the con-
trol of southern politicians and their faithful north-
ern allies, had indulged in a long course of class
legislation for the aggiandizement of the North,
and which had culminated in a warfare on the do-
mestic institutions of the South. Yet previous to
this time the rebel commissioners had attempted
to convince the British authorities that these
charges against the North, thus formally reiter-
ated by their chief, were false, as every intelligent
man in the country who gives them currency
knows them to be, by writing to Earl Russell, as
follows:
" It was from no fear that the slaves would be liberated
that secession took place. The very paity in power has
proposed to guaianty slavery forevei'iu the States, if the
I South would but remain in tne Union. Mr. Lincoln's mes-
£(• proposes no fieedoni to the .-'lave; but announces sub-
I jeetion of his owner to the will of the Union—in other
woids. to the will ot the Notth. Even after the battle of
Bull ltuu boih btanches of the Congress at Washington
passed le-olutioas that the wai is only waged in order to
enfoice that (pio-slavery) Constitution, and to uphold the
laws, (many ot them pro slavery.) and out ot one bundled
and seventy-two votes in the lower House they received
i all but two, and in the Senate all but one vole. As the army
commenced its match the commanding general t-sued tin
onlcr that no slaves should be received into or allowed to
follow the camp "
I will not weary the committee by quoting in
this connection the different ordinances of seces-
sion passed by the seceding States in order to
show that hardly any two States agreed upon the
reasons of their attempt to withdraw from the
Union. But this diveisity of sentiment among
the conspiiators and the States shows most con-
clusively that the movement was as causeless and
inexcusable as it was malignant and wicked.
The true causes of this rebellion, sir, lie deeper
than these idle pretexts. The disruption of the
Democratic party, the perversion of the objects
and aims of the Republican organization, the
weakness of the late President, the treachery of
his'Cabiiiet, and the excitements of the slavery
agitation, were doubtless used by the conspira-
tois, but used to carry out a predetermined purpose.
Underlying all these, was the ambition of southern
leadeis, their lust foi power, and the arrogance of
southern slaveholders, who years ago commenced
the work of national disintegration, and who in-
stilled the poison of their treason into the south-
ern heart, that, when they should cease to control
the legislation of the old Government, they would
have the power to sever the bonds of union, and
reconstruct from the fragments a new confederacy,
"the corner-stone of which should be African
servitude," and over which they could exercise
their accustomed sway. In this sense, and in this
only, in my judgment, was slavery the cause of
the rebellion. Ambitious leaders used it to arouse
the masses of the people against the Federal au-
thority, just as the silversmiths of old used the
idolatry of the Ephesians to excite the popular
prejudice against the great apostle to the Gentiles.
2. What are the objects of the war and the
proper mode of its prosecution ?
Here, also, a wide diveisity of opinion exists
among loyal men—1 say among loyal men; for I
shall make no allusion to the sentiments of an-
other class, unhappily too large even in the north-
ern States, whose sympathies are with the rebel-
lion *. who prate about the just causes for secession;
whose nat row souls have been so dwarfedbythe
trammels and machinery of old political parties
that they cannot see any virtue in a general, any
