110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16,
3fan Coxa....2d Sess
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
to be a witness against himself, nor be dcpnvpdof Ufo,lib-
erty, or projwrty without due process of law ; nor shall pri-
vate propoitj be taken tor public use without just compen-
sation.
"Art.6. In ail criminal provocations the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedvand public trial,by an impartial
jury "of the State and district wherein the crime shall have
been commuted, which distiict shall have boon previously
ascertained by law, and to be infoimed of the nature and
cause ot the accusation, 10 be confronted with the wft es<es
against him, to have compulsory process (or obtaining wit-
nesses in his favor, and to havtj the assistance of counsel
for his defense.
" Art. 7. In suits at common law, where the value in
cotitioversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial
by jury shall be pre^eived, and no fact tried by a jury shall
he otherwise leuxamined in any court of the United Stales
than according to the rules of the common law.
^ Art. 8. ExccMvo bail thall not be required, nor ex-
cessive fines imposed, nor ciuel and unusual punishments
indicted."
These «re rights secured to the people of the
United States by the Constitution of our fathers;
and if you clothe the President with the power to
declare martial luw, you not only overthrow nil
these lights, but you overthrow our entire insti-
tutions, the President's will becomes the law in-
stead of the Constitution of the country. Sena-
tors, if you clothe him with that power, you give
him the power to destroy your free government.
If he has the right to declare martial law in one
city v say in the city ofSt. Louis, he has the right
to declare it in a whole State; he is the judge of
the necessity. Indeed, martial law has been de-
clared in the entire State of Missouri. If the
President has n right to declare it in one State,
he lias a right to declare it in all the States. Sup-
pose lie should think the necessity exists—and
those who contend for this doctrine say he is to
judge of the necessity—to declare martial law
throughout the whole United States, what will be
the result? Your Congress would be overthrown,
or it would exist upon his will and pleasure only;
your courts would all be overthrown, your State
governments would bo overthrown, find the Pres-
ident might enter this Hall, as Cromwell entered
the chamber where the Long Parliament, were sit-
ting, and speak to us as Cromwell did to them,
and tell us to ffo hence. He might come to this
Congress us Napoleon did to the French Assem-
bly ()iii one occasion, and scatter us like beasts.
Thi  ia the inexorable logic of The position; there
is no escape from it. That power is claimed, and
it is being exorcised this day; one of fouv genc-
ml« is doing it with iv vengeance. When you
clothe the President with this power, if the war
should last twenty years, he can perpetuate his
authority that length of time. What has been
going on in Missouri ? The constitution of that
State proscribes the right of suffrage, and I will
read an extract from the constitution of Missouri
upon that point, and show you what lms been
dune in Missouri to prove how Abraham Lincoln
could perpetuate his power as long as this war
exists, if you admit this most monstrous of all
heresies that the President can declare martial
law, and there would be nothing to prevent it un-
less an indignant people shall rise up and smite
the usurper to the earth. The tenth section of
the third article of the constitution of Missouri is
in these words:
" Every free white mah; citizen of the United States who
may have attained to tin* aire of tvventv-one venrs,  nd who
Khali have resided inihu Stale one \eat betoie an election,
the Ja*t three months whereof shall have been in the county
or district in which he oiler-. io vote, shall he deemed a
qualified elector of alt elective olliee* : Provtocrf, Thai no
bohliei, seaman, or manne in the regular Army or Navv of
the united Suites ahull be entitled to vote at any election in
this State. *
Section fourteen is in these words:
I lie Oeneial Assembly shall have power to exclude
from every olliee of iiunor, tri^t, or profit, within thuVute
and fiom the light of suffrage, all persons convicted of
briber), pcijury, or other mtamous crime."
These are (he only clauses in the constitution
of Missouri touching the right of suffrage. Now
what has occurred there? A major general of
the United States lias issued this order:
Headquarters Department of Missouri
rn , ^ „ St. Louis, February 15> 1802. '
[General Ordei i\o. 41.j
J. At the request of the noting Governor of Mi^ouri it
is hereby "idered that at all intuie elections in this State
whether for Stale, fMifm'ipaheouM.i, or town officer every
voter will be required to take the'oath of allegiance pre-
scribed in article six ot the ouhnanee of the convention
dated October 10, ISGi. Ofiiceis of the polls wjjj men to the
execution of tt w order. If they icccive votes* of peisony
not taking the oath, they will be arrested and tried for mil-
itary offense, and the election declared null and void.
By command of Major General Halleck.
N. II. McLEAN,
Assistant Adjutant General.
The oath proscribed is in the following terms:
" I do solemnly swear that I will support the Constitution
ot the United States and of the State of Missouri 5 that I
will not take, up arms against the Government of the United
States nor the provisional government of the State of Mis-
souri; nor give aid nor comfort to the enemies of either
during the present civil war. So help me God."
There you see that a military officer, as he says,
according to the advice of the acting Governor of
Missouri, has taken upon himself to prescribe the
qualifications of voters, and those qualifications in
direct conflict with the constitution of the State
where he is acting. All this appears to be ap-
proved by the President—he at least has not an-
nulled it. Now, suppose that Abraham Lin-
coln, Piesident of the United States, were to
dec/are martial law throughout the whole Union,
and we were on the eve of the election of the
next President, and he himself was a candidate,
could he not publish a military order declaring
that all those who did not vote the Republican
ticket, or even that all who did not vote for Abra-
ham Lincoln for President should not be per-
mitted to vote? Could he not compel them to take
an oath that they would vote in a certain way?
Clearly. Thus you see that you clothe him, by
this extraordinary doctiinu, with the power to
perpetuate his sway. There is no logical extrica-
tion from the position. Those who claim that the
President or his commanders have a right to de-
clare martial law, cannot escape from the position.
General Halleck has done a little more in Mis-
souri. I do not read these papers with any view
of making a special assault upon him or anybody
else; but I wish it distinctly understood that I
think General Halleck has transcended his power
and overthrown the Constitution; and he and the
President both deseive and should receive the
sternest rebuke that tiie representatives of a free
people can give. 1 read them to elucidate the argu-
ment. That general made another very extraor-
dinary order in Missouri, which I will now read:
Headquarters Department of Missouri,
St. Louis, December 1$, 1861.
[General Orders No. 21]
1. The siiiTVrin# families driven by rebels from south-
wohteni Mitf-;ouri, wliu-h have ahcady arrived hero, have
been supplied by voluntary eontiibutions made by Union
men. Others are on tlnnvny, to ai live in a few days. These
inu.Ht be •supplied by tin- chanty of men known to be hostile
to (he Union A list wiil he prepared of the names of all
persons of tin • < lass who do not voluntarily furnish their
quota, and a contubution will he levied on them of $10,000,
in clothing, piovitduns, and quarters, or money m lieu
thereof. This levy will be made upon the following classes
01 persons, in proportion to the <rmJt and property of each
indi\ idual: Firs-t, those in ai nu> with the cnemj, who have
piopcrty in thU city. Second, tho-,e who have furnished
pecuniary or other aid to the enemy, or to persons in the
enemy's service. Third, those who have verbally, in writ-
ing, or by publication, given encouragement to insurgents
and rebels.
3. Bngadier General S. It. Curtis, United States volun-
teers, Lieutenant Colonel B. G. Farrai, piovost marshal
gi'iioral, and Charles Borg, Esq., as^essoi of the county of
tot. Loute, will constitute a hoard of assessors for levying
the aforementioned contribution. In determining the
amount of property of the individuals assessed, the -board
will take into consideration the official assessment lists for
municipal taxes.
3. A* M>on as any part of the contribution has been as-
sessed by the board, the piovost marshal geneial will notify
the pai ties assessed, then agents, or 1 epresentatives, stating
the amount of provisions, clothing, or quarter®, and the
money value thereof, inquired of each, and if not furnished
wit 1111 the tunes specified in such notice, he will issue an
execution, and sufficient property will be taken, and sold
ill llllillir* .lIlFlltll ly. 1 .... l\. .1... ... . . '
of
tt u , quartered on families, cure should be
t;wii to produce as little inconvenience to the owners or
[.unifies us possible, this not being considered a military*
contribution levied upon the enemy; but merely a collec-
miyw ma(le tVom frie«ds of the enemy for charitable
•1. it any person upon whom such assessment shall be
tnaae shall hie with the piovost marshal general an affidavit
nut he is ii loyal citizen, and has been true to his allegiance
to the United states, he will he allowed one week to fur-
1 ' «vloe ce to fhe hoard to vindicate his character; and
ii «u the end of that tunc ho shall not be able to satisfy the
tioaul ot [us loyalty, the assessment shall be increased ten
um' l'ie lev3' immediately made.
o. J ho supplies so collected will be expended for the
objcet designated,under the direction ofthe provost marshal
S/?nWlU *C IulvIcf; oi tiie State unitary commission.
Where money isreceived in lieu of supplies, it will be ex-
pended for them us they may be required. Any money not
so expended will bo turned over to the sanitary commis-
sion for the benefit of sick soldiers. A strict and acaurate
account of their receipts and expendituies will be kept and
returned to these headquarters.
6. Any one who shall resist, or attempt to resist, the ex-
ecution of these orders, will he immediately arrested and
imprisoned,, and will be tried by a military commission.
By order of Major general Halleck.
JOHN O. KELTON, G.
Here you have another installment of martial
lav/. Here is an order from one of your generals
in the field, taking $10,000 from citizens ofSt. Louis
without judicial process, not as a military assess-
ment, but in the way of charity, as he calls it, for a
purpose prescribed by himself. Do you not see
that generals now in the field are overthrowing the
constitutions of the States and the Constitution of
the United States; and yet you, who pretend to be
friends of constitutional liberty, sanction it? Do
you not know that by so doing you yield every
sacred guarantee of your liberties contained in the
Constitution of your country > You even yield to
the will of a despotic President the power ofdriving
you from these Halls. Under this power he can at
his will drive the Supreme Court, and he can drive
the State Legislatures from their places. He can
do as Halleck has done—by his mere ipse dixit
prescribe the qualifications of voters by military
order; and by levying assessments, as he has done
on men at St. Louis, deprive the people of any
State within his command of every shilling they
have and all their property, and devote it to what-
ever purpose he pleases. The President suffered
all this, for I took to him the very order of Gen-
eral Halleck which has just been read, at the in-
stance of a schoolmate and friend in Missouri, and
told him its enormities, and asked him to have it
corrected. He told me he would present the matter
to his Cabinet. He kept the papers several days,
and returned them with a very brief note, saying
that he could not at present do anything with
it. A people who will tamely submit to such an
usurpation of their constitutional rights, to such
an assault upon their dearest liberties and most
sacred interests, do not deserve to bo free; and
unless they are aroused to a just appreciation ot
their rights and liberties, military despots will
soon have their heretofore free limbs in chains and
fetters. Such acts as these are being done, and, so
far from doing anything here that would sanction
in the least this assumed power of the President
to declare martial law, the Senate owes it to itself,
owes it to the Constitution of the country, in the
name of the public liberties, to protest in the most
solemn form against the extraordinary powers
assumed by Major General Halleck and others in
authority. As faithful sentinels of liberty, as the
guardians of the Constitution, chosen by the peo-
ple and the States, Congress should, in my judg-
ment, in the most unequivocal manner visit these
usurpers with the harshest censure. We can,
however, get no censure against those who over-
throw the Constitution in these degenerate days.
_ Now let me examine for a moment the proposi-
tion of Mr. Adams. I have here a speech made
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] in which he rests this doctrine upon the au-
thority of Mr. Adams. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Trum-
bull] rests it on the war power; but I must do
him the justice to say that I do not think he has
ever claimed that the President had the right to
proclaim martial law. He says the power to con-
fiscate necessarily flows from the power to carry
on the war. In that I think he is greatly mistaken.
But, sir, I will read an extract from the speech of
the Senator from Massachusetts, made at Wor-
cester, in October last:
" But there another agency that may be invoked, which
is at the same time under the Constitution and above the
Constitution."
That is queer phraseology, under it and above it.
" I mean martial law. It is under the Constitution, be-
cause the war power to which it belongi is positively re-
cognized by the Constitution. It is above tile Constitution,
because when set in motion, like necessity, it kiftws 110
other law."
I read in Horace when I was a boy, necessitas
non habet legem, and the gentleman applies that
ancient ruaxim to this case.
<• For the time it is law and Constitution."
It is strange that one who claims to be educated
in all the refinements of New England liberty,
should say that the war power is above the Con-
