THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1862.
New Series.....No. 39.
it is hardly necessary, after the committee has
made its report, to direct them to examine men
i ailed to demonstrate to the House that their
printed statement is in palpable contradiction to
the conclusions at which the committee have ar-
rived. If it is palpable, if there is no doubt about
it, will it be made any more palpable, any more
plain, any more free from doubt, if these wit-
nesses come again before the committee to repeat
what is already in piint?
Now, sir, it is true, just as I stated before, that
thegentleman asked the committee to go and main-
tain his contest ourselves for him in Virginia. He
requested us to go and summon his witnesses. He
requested us last summer to do it. He requested
us after the meeting of this session to do the same
thing; but the committee saw fit to follow its pre-
cedents in the matter. They told these gentlemen
that one shoukhstate the grounds of his contest,
and the other the grounds upon which he claimed
his seat; and that then they should go into Vir-
ginia and take testimony in the matter. They did
so. 1 submit that this resolution is nothing more
than to call before the committee witnesses who
have already given their testimony in depositions
for the sole purpose of pointing out to the com-
mittee what my friend says is a palpable, open,
plain mistake which the committee have fallen
into. It is hardly worth while. I expect my
friend will demonstrate that to the House. The
gentleman did not say that he wants that. If he
does want to present testimony which never has
been presented, let him in all ingenuousness say
that is his purpose; and then I have to say that
no man ever had an opportunity before the Com-
mittee of Elections, in my experience, to present
all ilie testimony he desired so amply and so fully
as has the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DELANO. I was not expecting, Mr.
Speaker, that any question would arise upon the
report of the CommitteeofElectionsin relation to
the case of my friend at my right, [Mr. Upton,]
at this time. But arising as it does even at this
early stage, I confess to having read very thor-
oughly tile report as submitted by the committee,
and I also am obliged to say that upon the best
judgment I can form of that report and on the re-
quest made by the gentleman against whom the
finding of the committteeis reported, it seems to me
that the request is entirely reasonable, and should
be granted. What is that request? It is simply
that this report shall be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and that they shall make a
further inquiry; not that the report is called in
question, or that the integrity or fairness of the
committee is called in question m the slightest, but
that there are certain facts which aie vital to the
rights and privilege of my friend, the Represent-
ative from the seventh congressional distiictof
Virginia, which call in all fair dealing upon the
committee for consideration, or at least call upon
them to reopen the case so far as to hear further
testimony. The question upon which the House
is now called upon to vote is, whether they will
open the case so far as to allow the incumbent the
privilege of supplying means to correct what he
legards as a mistake in the conclusion of the com-
mittee, and in the evidence upon which they base
their conclusion.
Air. DAWES. I want to ask my colleague if
he understands the gentleman from Virginia as
asking to introduce-1 any new testimony?
Mr? DELANO. I so understand it.
Mr. DAWES. This is the first intimation I
have had of that. I understood the gentleman to
put-his request entirely upon the ground that the
committee hadmisunderstood the evidence already
before them, and had fallen into a palpable error
thereon.
Mr. UPTON. I stated it as a principal point
in the matter that the committee had fallen into a
grave error in taking the testimony of the contest-
ant, in such a manner as to discredit the entire
testimony. But I say that that is not the sole
ground of the request; but inasmuch as they dis-
pute the legality of that election at Balls' Cross
Koads, and had it in th?ir power to get the high-
39
est testimony—the oral testimony of the parties
concerning the conductof the election, which was
in easy access to the capital—I renew publicly the
request I made to them privately, to call those
parties before them.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman why
he did not do that when the House authorized
him to take testimony for a given number of
days?
Mr. UPTON. I did take the testimony, but
the committee have misapprehended and miscon-
strued, not intentionally, the effect of that testi-
mony, and in such wise as to discredit the entire
election at that precinct.
Mr. DAWES. So I understand it. I under-
stand the gentleman to have that testimony now.
I understand the length and breadth of the gen-
tleman's complaint is, that*the committee have
not understood the testimony presented to the
House; and not that he wants to take new testi-
mony.
Mr. DELANO. I do not wish to have any mis-
conception as to the point which is presented here,
or as to the ground upon which I make the request
of the Committee of Elections that they shall per-
mit the matter to be committed to them. This is
to my mind not only a novel case, but it is one of
vital importance as to the practice of this House.
Here is the incumbent, who has been sitting here
since last July, and who has been associated with
me on the Committee for the District of Columbia
since that time, and it is now proposed to oust
him upon the ground that what he has relied on
as ample evidence of his having had some votes,
at least, in his almost, universally disloyal disttict,
happens not to be quite up to the standard of suf-
ficiency adopted by the committee. He requests
now that he may be permitted to make good that
evidence. He states thut the committee have la-
bored under a misapprehension. He says, if needs
be, he can and will summon every voter who voted
at the polls at Bali's Cross Roads on the 23d of
November, and that he can satisfy the committee
by the evidence of every one of those loyal voters.
I suggest that it will not only be unjust butcruul
for this House to refuse to give him the opportu-
nity of having the lepoi t iccommitted in order to
have that testimony examined in detail by the
committee. I the more earnestly insist upon this
because, as I have said, it is a question of the ut-
most interest, and of vital importance to the loyal
portion of the gentleman's district.
Here isagentleman who, it is true, has but ten
votes to sustain him in his seat; but it turns out
that these ten votes were given tfnder the consti-
tution and laws of Virginia, which were in force
at the time that election took place. It is true
that the polls in every other precinct were closed
against him and the loyal voters of the district at
the time that election took place. Now, sir, I do
not care whether ho is supported by one thousand
votes, by one hundred votes, or by ten votes in his
seat here. If there were but ten loyal men who
stood by him in that election, and who were en-
titled to the privilege of being represented on this
floor, I, sir, will protest against their being ex-
cluded from the privilege of being heard befoie the
Committee of Elections and befoie this House.
I tenew the demand for the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordoied to be put.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT. With the permission of the
House, I wish to appeal to my fnend from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, to give the gentleman from Virginia two
or three weeks. Certainly no wrong can be done
by such a couise; and I hope the gentleman will
assent to it. The gentleman from Virginia comes
here from a disloyal district, and we should give
him opportunities and advantages which perhaps
would not be extended under otlrer circumstances.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will for a moment consider the real
character of the request he makes of the Commit-
tee of Elections. It is asked that they shall put
their generosity in the place of their judicial char*'
acter. Now, sir, I have not the slightest objec-
tion to hear the testimony of those two men, for
I have heard it once. I know exactly what that
testimony is, and I have not the slightest objection
tohearing itagain. If the committee had had the
slightest idea, when the gentleman from Virginia
left t'he committee room, that he desired to offer
one word more, or one particle of testimony more,
they would have given him all the time he wanted.
It is only after the gentleman has waited until the
report is made, and has seen the position taken in
the report, that it has occurred to him, upon ad-
vice, that he can supply the points which it did
not occur to him it was necessaiy to supply wh*n
he was taking the depositions of these men; and
it is only after that that he comes h*ro and under-
takes to make the Committee of Elections so out
into that district and do for him what the House,
by a vote, declared he should do for himself*
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether the gen-
tleman from Virginia is a lawyer by profession?
"Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Virginia
is not a lawyer; and that was the reason why I
took the liberty to tell him that he had better put
his case in the hands of a lawyer. He said ho had
a brother in New York, one of the best lawyers
in the city. I advised him to put his case in the
hands of his brother, or of some other lawyer, to
tell him what to do, as it did not become the Com-
mittee of Elections to tell him how to conduct his
case.
Mr. UPTON. Do I understand the chairman
of the committee to say that I have ever nsked
him or the committee how to conduct my case?
I beg him not to belittle me before this House.
One word more. Do I understand him to seek
to exclude me upon technicalities? I sought only
to put before the committee the facts, and to ap-
peal to their common sense; and when I find from
my own reading of their report that they have
fallen into a palpable error, with regard to the
testimony of these men, and have thrown out
matters vital to my case, I ask that they may have
the men themselves before them; and 1 ask it be-
cause they impugn the entire legality of the elec-
tion at this precinct, and they can satisfy them-
selves of its legality by inquiring of the parties
themselves.
Mr. DAWES. One word more, and I will leave
this matter for the decision of the House. I am
not going to have any words with the gentleman
from Virginia as to whether he asked us to tell
him how to conduct, his case or not. He has con-
ducted his case as he lias seen fit to conduct it,
and the committee have come to a conclusion upon
it. There is not a panicle of dispute about the
facts. The gentleman does not claim but ten votes.
The committee are willing to admit that ten men
went and voted for him at Ball's Cross Roads,
exactly as he says they did. They do not en-
tertain a doubt of that. The committee were
unanimous in this matter. They do not enter-
tain a doubt that ten men voted for the gentleman
theie.
Mr. UPTON. But they deny the validity of
the votes,
Mr. DAWES. Exactly; and that does n"ot de-
pend upon the deposition of anybody in the State
of Virginia. It is a question of iaw'that they have
taken the liberty to present to the House.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman allow me
—that 1 may make this matter apparent to the
House—lo ask him a question?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. DELANO. I would ask the gentleman
whether the evidence which was before the com-
mittee, submitted by the incumbent, was not what
purported to be the poll-list of a particular pre-
cinct where the votes were polled, and whether
the report of the committee does not turn upon
the fact that that poll-iist is not entirely satisfac-
tory to them, as indicating that there were any
votes cast? Well, now, if that be so, in ordet to
relieve the mind of the committee of that doubt,
the incumbent should be permitted to call each and
