1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the will of the majority, irresponsible, without
the limitation of organic law, and therefore tyran-
nical. It is always easy, in the whirl of fierce ex-
citement, for men and nations to find pretexts to
transcend the powers of the fundamental law.
The Constitution, it is alleged, was made for
periods of peace. Its framers could notanticipate
such a gigantic conspiracy against the national
life, and therefore made no provision for it. Be-
sides, the laws are always silent in the midst of
arms. Necessity, everybody knows, is above all
law. The safety of the people is the highest law;
and these wise maxims are generally expressed
in a dead language, to impart to them the odor of
sanctity and age.
Now, sir, if it were true that the Constitution
was silent as to the precise mode of dealing with
insurrections, or if the necessities ,of the times
demanded the exercise of unauthorized powers, I
do not affirm that such powers should not be ex-
ercised, although national life is dearly purchased
at the expense of the public liberties, and that
Government is hardly worth preserving which
must violate its fundamental principles in order
to its conservation.
But is the Constitution silent? Did its authors,
in their extreme solicitude to guard against the
encroachments of the Federal authority, overlook
the dangers to be apprehended from the encroach-
ments of the people? Does it not make the am-
plest provision for the emergencies of our present
position? Let us see.
The Constitution, and the laws of the United
States made in pursuance of it, are declared, in
express terms, to be the supreme law of the land;
and if supreme, then every State constitution and
State law in contravention of them are nugatory
and void.
It is the duty of the President to take care that
all the laws are faithfully executed. Any willful
neglect, on his part, to exercise this care would
be a violation of his official oath, and subject hitn
to the hazards of an impeachment.
Congress has the power to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions. In
discharge of the duty thus imposed, Congress
more than once has enacted laws placing at the
disposal of the President large bodies of men,
limited only by his discretion, to enable him to
give expression to this constitutional power.
The judiciary is to interpret the Constitution
and the laws of the United States, and shall hold
as void all State constitutions and laws which
come in conflict with them. Let us consider the
practical workings of these express provisions of
the Constitution in the presence of current events.
Some disciple of the State rights school in pol-
itics, constituting himself the interpreter of the
laws, assumes that an act of Congress is uncon-
stitutional, and determines to nullify its execu-
tion. The marshal of the district, as the officer
of the court, and the representative of the Fed-
eral authority, attempts his arrest. His neigh-
bors and friends, sympathizing with him in his
hostility to the law, join with him against the
officer, and the opposition soon assumes the pro-
portions of a riot, and overcomes the power of
the marshal and the posse comitatus which he has
summoned to his aid. The disaffection increases.
The inhabitants of whole districts and States join
the revolt, and rise up in insun ection. They drive
out the ministers of'justice, close the courts, hinder
the execution of tiie laws, and throwing off the
authority of the old Government, they oiganize a
new Government, to which they transfer their
allegiance.
The President of the United States, finding that
the combinations of men il have grown too pow-
erful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings, or by the power vested in
the marshals by law," issues his proclamation,
under the act of 1795, commanding the persons
composing these combinations to disperse and re-
turn peaceably to their homes, and at the same
time calling forth the militia of the several States
in such numbers as the public exigencies require,
in order to suppress the lebellion, and to cause
the laws to be duly executed. Now, when this
army of the miiiua gets into the territory of the
insurgents what has it to do? Just what the mar-
shal, in his own strength, attempted to do and
failed; just what the marshal, aided by \ns posse,
undertook against the rioters, and again failed. It
is to reduce the rebels to submission; to scatter
them to their homes, and cnforce the execution
of the laws. It is only the necessary amplifica-
tion of the marshal's power, and invoked by law-
ful authority to do the marshal's work. If, after
the army of the insurgents has been driven from
the field, the people still continue in revolt, the
President may organize either military or provis-
ional governments over them, and may protect
these governments in the enforcement of the Fed-
eral laws by the Army and Navy of the United
States. These temporary expedients for the gov-
ernment of men in rebellion will only cease when
the insurrection is suppressed, and then the con-
quered rebels, having returned to their allegiance,
their State governments, not dead, but only in
abeyance, will resume their suspended functions,
and the authority and power of the General Gov-
ernment will be vindicated in the restoration of its
gentle control over all the States of the Republic.
But has Congress, then, no duties and respons-
ibilities to discharge to the country ? Yes, many;
enough to tax to the utmost our best energies.
We have to preserve the public credit, by devis-
ing equal and liberal schemes of taxation; assum-
ing that every loyal heart is ready, if needs be,
with his last dollar to sustain the Government.
We have to guard the public Treasury, as far as
possible, against plunderers and spoilsmen. Un-
like the last administration, we should bring to
the light and expose all attempts at fraud and
speculation, no matter whether committed by po-
litical friends or opponents. We are to make pro-
visiog,for the comfort, support, and promptpay-
mentofthe gallant men who swell the Army of
the Republic. And when that Army shall have
expelled from every seceded State the horde of
rebel insurgents, as it has already expelled them
from Missouri, Kentucky, and parts of Tennes-
see, Arkansas, North Carolina, South Carolina,
and Florida, and, as 1 begin to hope, will soon ex-
pel them from the whole of Virginia, we should
authorize the President to establish provisional
governments for the execution of thcFedciallaws
over every conquered territory where the people
will not, of their own volition, return to theiralle-
giance. Then, declaring a general amnesty to the
ignorant masses, who have been hurried without
thought of the consequences into insurrection, we
should provide, through the regular action of the
courts, the halter and rope for all the leaders, who,
to gratify their insatiate ambition, have so cruelly
deceived their followers and misled them to the
brink of ruin.
But should this conciliatory policy fail to sup-
press the rebellion and reduce the insurgents into
submission to the laws, what next? What next?
There can be but one reply. The Constitution
of the United States, within the scope of its dele-
gated powers, and the laws made in pursuance of
it, are supreme over every foot of the territory of
the Republic, and so they must continue forever.
No other authority can be permitted to divide and
shaie sovereignty with the General Government.
Whatevei combi nation, association, or body erects
itself again pL the supremacy of the laws, must sub-
mit or be crushed beneath the power of the Fed-
eial arm. This insurrection must be put down.
The Army must do it. A half million of men are
enrolled to-day, under the flag of the Union, wait-
ing with eager eye and anxious step for the order
to advance. Other millions are looking on, ready
to fill up the ranks, thinned and weakened by the
delays of generals, the diseases of the camp, and
the sharp bullets of bloody conflict. The recollec-
tions of our earlier history; the conflicts and perils
of the Revolution; the lame, impotent, and evil
workings ofthe old Articles of Confederation; and
the wonderful caieerof prosperity which we have
run under the Constitution of our fathers; all, all
inspire us with the determination to maintain the
Government at all hazards m this great struggle,
and to transmit to our children, unimpaired, its
priceless blessings. Sir, it is time for the people
of the South to know, it is time for the nations of
Europe to understand, that the people of the North
are m earnest in this matter, and that before they
submit to the triumph of the rebellion and agree
to the dismemberment of the country, they will
arm—should the necessities of the war require it,
as the least of impending evils—they will arm
every slave against his rebel master; will drive the
whole white population beyond the borders; and
hold the once proud States of the Mexican Gulf
as Territories for the home of the enfranchised
negro. -
Sir, I represent an inteIligent,conservative, Con-
stitution-loving constituency. It is not much af-
flicted with the numerous isms which now-a-days
torment the busy brains of so many men, _ It loves
the ancient paths and desires to walk in them;
The State of New Jersey was the first ofthe Old
Thirteen that suggested the idea of a general re-
vision of the Articles of Confederation, and she
was among the first to adopt the Constitution, in
the maturing and perfecting of which her states-
men contributed so large a share. She loves that
Constitution and clings to it with an ever-increas-
ing affection. Traitors to it and sympathizers in
secession die, politically, who attempt to breathe
her air. Her heart is in this contest. One out of
every eight of her population, capable of bearing
arms, stands in the ranks of the Union Army to-
day—her best young blood; the denizens of her
cities, and the pride and flower of her rural popu-
lation. They have enlisted to fight. They have
no metropolitan press to chronicle achievements
which were never performed; but the words((Roa-
noke" and " Newbern," emblazoned on the ban-
ners of her gallant ninth, are only an earnest of
what her other regiments will accomplish if per-
mitted to advance to the shock of battle. She wants
the war to go on until every inch of the national
domain is wrested from the hands of traitors. She
cannot understand how it is possible to maintain
peaceably a divided country. She feels that it were
better for the race of mankind that all this gener-
ation should perish, than that our experiment of
free government, now put to its last great trial,
should fail. She knows not what hours of dark-
ness and trial hang in the future. She would even
be willing)-•rather than succumb to treason, that
every southern plain should be desolated, every
southern city razed to the ground, and every south-
ern rebel destroyed; but now in the hopeful pres-
ent, when no such dire necessity seems to exist,
she conjures the Representatives of the people,
through me, one of the humblest of her sons, to
abandon the discussion of every topic which di-
vides the loyal heart of the country, and draws
away the public mind from the true objects and
purposes of the war. She asks you to keep the
negro out of this Hall; to let slavery in the States
take the chances of the contest, and to give no
thrust outside, but to strike the enemies of the
Government, thick and fast, within the limits of
the Constitution. Then, when the historian, in
the coming ages, shall review the events which
strangely crowd the hours of the present, he will
be able to write of the men of this generation: then
lived a people, characterized by determination in
defeat, and by moderation in success. They fought
the battle of constitutional liberty for mankind, and
m the contest, however sorely pressed, they never
forjrot to render to the law that measure of obe-
dience which they required from the humblest
citizen of the Republic.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the. Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate was received by Mr. Forney, their Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (No. 74) to confirm the
opinion of the Court of Claims adverse to the
claim of Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Fant & Co.; and
a joint resolution (No. 75) to confirm tlx* opinion
of the Court of Claims adverse to the claim of
Thomas B. Graham; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded ao-ain to the consideration of the bill of the
Senate relating to
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The charge has
freouently been heard here and elsewhere that the
President is without a policy in his administration.
1 shall endeavor to show that this imputation is
unfounded, to explain my conceptions of his pol-
icy, and to demonstrate that it is wise in every
aspect, and commends itself to the lovers of the
Union and of freedom. There can be no dispute
with respect to the object of the war so far as he
is concerned. He says in his annual message that
he has been anxious that it "shall not degenerate
into a .violentand remorseless revolutionary strug-
gle. 1 have, therefore," he adds, "in every case
