1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
stitution and the law. I have been taught to be-
lieve that there was no well-defined liberty gave
in the supremacy of the law, that there was no
regulated liberty save where the law was supreme;
but it seems that the code of the Senator from
Massachusetts is, that this martial law exists in
this country, and that itis above all law and above
the Constitution:
" The civil power, in mass and in detail, is superseded,
and all rights arc held subordinate to this military magis-
tracy. All other agencies, small and great, executive, legis-
lative, and even judicial, arc absorbed in this tiauscendent
triune power, which, lor the time, declaims its absolute
will, while it holds alike the scales ot justice and theswoid
of the executionei. The existence of this power nobody
questions. If it has been rarely exorcised in our country,
and never in an extended manner, the power none the less
has a fixed place in our political system. A-s well strike
out the kindred law of self-defense, which belongs alike to
States and individuals. Martial law is only one form of
self-defense.
" That this law might be employed against slavery was
first proclaimed in the House of Representatives by a Mas-
sachusetts statesman, who was a champion of freedom—
John (iuiney Adams. [Applause.] IIis authority is such
that I content myself with placing the law under the sanc-
tion of his name, winch becomes more authoritative when
we consider the ehcumstances under which lie first put it
forth, then repeated, and then again vindicated it.
"It was as early ass the25th May, 1836, that Mr. Adams
first expounded what he called 4 the war power and trcaty-
mafcBig power of the Constitution.5 Then it was that he
declared :
<•'' From the instant that your slaveholdmg .States be-
come the theater ot war, civil, servile, or foreign, from that
instant the war powers of Congiess extend to interleience
with the institution ol slavery in oveiy way in which itcan
be inteifcred with, from a claim of indemnity lot slaves
taken or destioyed, to the cession of a State burdened with
slavery to afoieign Powei."
Ci Again, on the 7th of June, 1841, after many years of re-
flection and added oxpeiience in public life, he terrified
siavemasters by showing that universal emancipation might
be accomplished tlnough this extraordmmy power.
" After wauls, on the Hth ol April, 1810, lor I he third time,
he stated the doettine in the IIou*e of Representative-, and
challenged cnticism oi icply. I forbear to read the whole
speech, though it is woithyof constant repetition. An
extract will suffice.
" 1 I lay this down as the law of nations. T say that the
military authority takes for the time the place of all muni-
cipal institutions', slavery among the rest. Under that state
of things, so far fi oiu its being true that the States where
slavery exists have the exclusive management of the sub-
ject, not only the Pi evident of the Untied States, but the com-
mander of the jirmy has power to order the universal eman-
cipation of staves.' [Applause.J
•'And ihen again he announces in woids furthci appli-
cable to the present hour:
"'Noi is this a mete theoretic statement. Slavery was
abolished in Columbia first by the Spanish Cenetal Mu-
ullo, and secondly by thcAmciican Geneial Bolivar. It
was abolished by virtue ofa military command given at the
head of the army, and its abolition "continues to be law to
this day.'
" Tiie representatives of slavery fumed and raged at these
words, and at their venerable author; but nobody answered
them. And they have stood ever since in the records of
Congress, firm and impregnable as adamant."
That is the position which is taken under shel-
ter of the name of Mr. Adams. The Senator was
very much mistaken when ho said that nobody
answered it. Itis well for the Senator that he con-
tented himself with resting it upon a dictum of
John Quincy Adams. It affords but another evi-
dence that very great and very learned men often,
when distempered by a single idea—as I regret
to say Mr. Adams was in the latter part of Ins life
on the subject of African slavery—give utterance
to the greatest and mostastounding heresies. Mr.
Adams did it in this case. If the Senator had
looked into the Constitution of his country, if he
had looked into the judicial decisions and into the
legislative decisions upon this subject, or if he
had looked into the elementary writers, he would
have found precedent against him; but it is a very
convenient way to cloak one's self under the man-
tle ofa great name, particularly when itis sought
to impose on the ignorant and credulous. 1 will
show you that this position ol JMr. Adams was
answered, answered at the time, answered in a
manner that the Senator from Massachusetts and
all the host that follow Ins standard never have
met, and never will meet, in successful argument.
It was answered by a distinguished citizen of Ken-
tucky, by Judge Nicholas, an extract from the
decision of whom I read a moment ago on another
branch of the subject. Judge Nicholas issued a
pamnlot entitled Martial Law, in 1842, in which
he leviewed the position of Mr. Adams in abold,
clear, lucid, logical argument, that I defy the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to meet successfully. I
shall have occasion to read a few extracts from
that pamphlet before I am through; but before I
do that I beg to read from Mr. Lieber. He speaks
upon this, as he does upon all other subjects dis-
cussed by him, with great force and wisdom. At
page 110 of his work on Civil Liberty and Self-
Government, he says:
"All continental Governments which were bent on de-
feating the action of the new constitutions, even while they
existed, resorted to declaring huge cities and entire districts
in < a state of siege,' thus subjecting them to martial law.
Al! absolute Governments, whether monarchical or demo-
cratic, have ever found the regular course of justice incon-
venient, and made war upon the organic action of the law,
which proves its necessity as a guarantee of liberty.
" It h obvious that whatever wise provisions a eonshtu
tion may contain, nothing is gained if the power oi'declin-
ing martial law be left in the hands of the Executive; for
declaring martial law, or proclaiming a place oi district in
a state ol' ssiego, simply moans the suspension of the due
cour.se of law, of the light o (habeas corpus, of the common
law, and oi the action of couits. The military commander
places the piisoneis whom he chooses to withdiaw from the
ordinaiy courts befoie coiiits-martial. There wore many
French departments.in 'a suite of siege' befoie the coup
d'etat. After it, all France may be said to have been so.'"
Thus a wise philosopher speaks. At page 117,
the same author says:
« Ever bince standing armies have been established, it has
been necessaiy, in vatioits ways, to prevent the army fiom
becoming independent of the legislature. Theie is no lib-
erty—lor one who is bred in the Anglican school—where
there is not a perfect subtnis-ion of the atmy to the legisla-
te e of the people. We hold it to be necessary, therefore, to
make but brief approbations lor the army. The King of
England cctmiot laise an atmy, or any part of it, without
act of Parliament; the army estimates are passed for one
year only,so thatweie Pailiament to refuse appropriations
alter a twelve mouth the army would be dissolved. The
mutiny bill, by which powci is given to the king to hold
courts-martial foi ceitain offenses in the atmy, is likewise
passed for a year only; so that, without repassing it, the
crown would'have no powei even to keep up military dis-
cipline "
Thus you see that our English ancestors and
their descendants on the other side of the water,
have been more rigid on this subject than we have
been. Our Army regulations are a permanent
statute; their mutiny act that gives them the right
to hold courts-martial is passed every year. Here,
under the Constitution, ourappronriations for the
Army can extend to two years; tliey limit theirs
to one year.
Upon the question of the power to declare mar-
tial law, I find but one decision where the matter
came directly in issue, though there are many
decisions that touch it incidentally. There is a
case in the third volume of Martin's Louisiana
Reports, (Johnson vs. Duncan et al., syndics,)
where the question was made directly; and that
the Senate may see it, I will read one of the grounds
before the < ourt:
"A motion that the court might proceed in this case, has
b«e« resisted on two grounds:
" l. That the city and its environs were, by general orders
of the officer commanding the military district, put, on the
15th of December last, under martial law."
There the point was made dircctly that the
functions of the court wore suspended in conse-
quence of martial law having been proclaimed in
New Orleans, so that there could be no dodging
it. In delivering the opinion of the court, Judge
Martin said:
At the close of the argument, on Monday last, we
thought it our duty, lest the smallest delay should counte-
nance the idea that this com t entertain any doubt on the
first ground* instantly to declare, vira voce, (although the
piacttec is to deliver out opinions in willing,) that the ex-
eici-eof an. tuthonly, vested bylaw in this court, could not
bo suspended by -any man.
<• lit any other State but this, m the population of which
are mauy'iudmdurils, who, not being perteetly acquainted
with their lights, may easily be imposed on, it could not be
expected that tin* judges of this court should, in complying
with the constitutional injunction, in all cases to adducc the
reasons on which theit jiirfgwictit is founded, take up much
time to show that lhn eouit is bound utterly to disregaid
what is thus called tow, if anything be meruit thereby
but the strict eiiiomngot the lule.s and articles foi the gov-
ernment of the Aimv ot the United States, established by
Congress oi any act of tint body iclating to military mat-
ters "on all individuals belonging to the Army or militia in
the sorvice of the United States. Yet wc arc told that, by
this proclamation of maitial law, the officer who issued it
has conferied on himself, overall his fellow-citizens within
the space which he has de«cubed, a supreme and unlimited
power, winch, being incompatible with the exercise of the
functions ofcivd mui:istiatcs, necessarily supersedes them.
" This hold and novel assertion is said to be supported by
the ninth s-eetion of the fust article of the Constitution of
the United States, in which are detailed the limitations of
the power of the Legislature of the Union. It is there pio-
vided that the pnvitezeof the writof habeas corjms shall not
be suspended, unlets when tn eases of invasion or rcbullxon,
the public safety may require it. We are told that the com-
mander of ihe military dtsttiet is the person who is to sus-
pend the wiit, ami is to do so whenever, in his judgment,
the public safety appears to require it that, as he may thus
paialyze the aim of the justice of his country in the most
important case, the protection of the personal liberty of the
citizen, it follows that, as he who can do the more can do
the less, he can also suspend all other functionsof the civil
magistiate, which he doos by his proclamation of martial
Jaw." **********
** The proclamation of martial law, therefore. If Intended
to suspend the functions of this court or its members, is ail
attempt to exercise powers thus exclusively vested in the
Legislature. I therefore cannot hesitate in saying that it Is
in this respect null and void. If, however, there be aught
in the Constitution amHaws of the United States that ically
authoi izes the commanding officer of a military district to
suspend the laws of this State, as that Constitution and
these Jaws are paramount to those of the Slate, they must
regulate the decision of this couit." * * * *
" It it be said that the laws of war, being the laws of the
United auihonxe tin; pioeiamtmon ol maitial law,
I answer that in peace oi in vvai, no law can be enacted but
by the legislative power. In England, hoin whence the
American jurist douveshis principles m this respect,{ mar-
tial law cannot be ut.e<l without the authority ol Parlia-
ment.' (5 CotnyiiSj^U.) The authority of the monarch him-
self is insufficient. In the case of Grant rs. Sir C. Could, (2
Hon. HI. 69,) which was on n, piohlbjiion (applied foi nithe
Court of Common Pleas) to the defendant adjudge advocate
ol a court-martial to prevent the execution of the sentence
of that military tribunal, the counsel, who le&isted the mo-
tion, said it wiw not to be disputed that martial law can
only be eveicised m England so far as it is authorized by
the mutiny act and the articles of war, all which are estab-
lished by parliament or its authority, and the court declared
it totally inaccuiate to state any other martial law as hav-
ing any pi.ice whaievci within the leahu of England. In
that country, and in these States, by maitial law is under-
stood the juiNprudence of those cases which aw decided
by military judges or courts-maiiial. When martial law is
established and prevails in any country, said Loid Louglt-
boioagh, in the ease cited, it is totally of a different nature
from that which is inaeemately called martial law, (be-
cause the decisions are by a couii-martial,) but which hears
no all'muy to that wluch'was formeily attempted to he ex-
eicised in this kingdom which was contrary to the constitu-
tion,i\m\ which has been for a eentuiy totally exploded.
When maifial law prevails, continues the judge, the au-
thoi ity under which it !•< exercised claims jurisdiction over
all vulitaj ?/ peisons in all eueumslanees. Kven their debts
aie subject to inquiry by military authority. Eveiy species
ol offense committed by any poison who appertains to the
atmij is tned, not by :i civil judicature, but by the judica-
tme <)f the coips oi icgnnent to which he belongs.
u This m maitial law as defined by Hale and Hlaekstone,
and whnh the eouit deelau d not toc.\istin Ihigland. Yet
it is eonlmed to nnhtauj pei-ons. Here it is contended,
and the eouit must admit it we sustain the objection, that
it extends to all peisons, that it dissolves for awhile the
government of the State.
" Yet, according to our laws, all military courts are un-
der a constant subordination to the oidiuary eomts of law.
Officers who have abused then powers, though only m le-
truid to their own soldieis, are liable to prosecution in a
comt ot law, and compelled to make satisfaction. Even
any fla^iant abuse of auihoi ay by members ol a eouri-mar-
tial, when sittni" to judge theirown people, and determine
in cases entirely ot a inihtaiy kind, makes them liable to
the animadversion ot the civil judge. (De)oJme 4-17, Ja-
cobs's Law Diet-,  ><??£<? com t-nmrtial.) Howpreposteioiis
then the idea that a military commander may, by his own
authoiity, destroy the tnbunal established by law as the
asylum of those oppiessed by military despotism."
And Judge Derbigny, in the same case, said:
<• I will therefore examine how martial law ought to be
understood among us-, and how far it introduces an aiteia-
tion in the ordinaiy course of government.
"To have a«oneet idea of martial law in a free country,
examples must not be nought in the aibitnuy conduct ot
absolute Coveinments. The monaieh, who unites m his
hands all the powers, may delegate to his genetals an au-
thority as unbounded a-his own. IHitma Kepubhe where
the Constitution has fixed the extent and limits of oveiy
branch of government, in time ot wai as well as of peace,
theie can exist nothing vague, unceitain, or arbitrary, in
the cxetcisc ol any authority.
"The Constitution of the United States, in which every-
thing necessary to the general and individual security has
been foreseen,"does not provide that in times of public dan-
tror the executive power shall reign to the exclusion of all
others. It does not trust into the hands of a dictator the
reins of the Government. The frameisof that charterwere
too well awaic of the bnzaids to which they would have
exposed the fate of the Republic by such a provision ; and
had they done it the States would have rejected a Consti-
tution stained with a t lausc so Uneatemng to their liber-
ties In the mean time, conscious oi the necessity of re-
moving all impediment-' to the exercise ol the executive
power in cases of rebellion or invasion, they have peimit-
ted Congress to suspend the privdegc oi the wntof' habeas
corpus in those circumstances, it the public safety should
i equire it. Thus fat and no further goes the Constitution.
Congiess has nothitheito thought it neees'-ury to authorize
that suspension. Should the case ever happen, it is to be
supposed that it would be accompanied with such icstric-
tions as would pi event any wanton abu<e of power. 1 In
England,' says the authoi ot a justly celebrated work on
the constitution of that country,' at the time of the inva-
sion of the Pretendei, assisted by the forces of hostile na-
tions, the habeas corpus act was indeed suspended ; but the
executive power did not thus of ifspff stretch its own an-
thoiilv; the precaution was deliberated upon and taken by
the rcpioseritatives of the people; and the detaining ol in-
dividu lis m consequence of the suspension ol the act was
limited to a fixed nine. Notwithstanding the ju'-t icais of
internal and hidden enemies which the circumstances of
the times might i«jisc,the deviation from the founcn mutse
of the law was earned no fuither than the single point we
