610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
every voter, which can be done in an hour's time
and by an hour's investigation. I appeal to my
colleague to say if that is not entirely reasonable ?
Mr. DAWES. I wish I knew whether the
House is going to grant the request of my col-
league or that of the gentleman from Virginia.
The two are no more alike than a white and a
black bird are. The gentleman from Virginia
wants the House to instruct the committee to call
the conductor and one of the commissioners.
Mr. UPTON. One or more.
Mr. DAWES. I replytothatthathehascalled
them already. But my colleague wants him to
call all the ten voters. Now, I will say, in answer
to my colleague, that the committee never enter-
tained a douot that all those ten voters did what
the gentleman claims they did. They admit here,
in the presence of the House, that ten men did go
and put their ballots—some say into a hat; but it
makes no difference whether they were put into a
hat or into a handkerchief; they did deposit their
votes on that very day for the gentleman from
Virginia. My friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Wright,] who appealed to the generosity of the
committee to let the gentleman stay here two
weeks longer, forgets that there is a man outside
here who had seven times the number of votes that
this gentleman received.
Mr. DELANO. Not at the same election.
Mr. DAWES. No; they hold their elections
there any time they please.
Mr. DELANO. It was on a different day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the merits of the contest are before the House. It
is a mere question of subpenaing witnesses.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I only want the House
to see that the gentleman from Virginia is not, he
will allow me to say, entirely clear and frank with
the House. He comes in with what appears to
be a fair enough request that we shall take the test-
imony of the conductor and one or more of the
commissioners; he does not tell the House that he
did it himself to the full extent of his desire; and
then he gets my colleague to help him; and my
colleague says In? wants us to take the testimony
of the whole ten voters, so that the committee may
be satisfied on a point upon which they have fallen
into an error. The committee tell the House that
they admit all that ho says. There is 110 dispute
about the circumstances under which the ten votes
were deposited. The only question is whether,
under the circumstances and m view of the man-
ner in which those votes were cast, they consti-
tuted a legal election, and that is a matter to be
argued to the House by and by.
Mr. UPTON. I do not like the manner which
the chairman of the Committee^yf Elections has
of putting things to this House. He accuses me
of being wanting in fairness and frankness, and
he talks about my getting his colleague to aid me
in this matter. I have not exchanged a word with
his colleague on this subject.
Mr. DELANO. Never.
Mr. UPTON. 1 am indebted to him for his
advocacy of my motion.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will amend my remarks,
and say that my colleague volunteered to put the
request upon a ground that the gentleman from
Virginia does not put it on himself.
Mr. UPTON. A word or two more and I am
done. The honorable gentleman talks about my
coming before the committee. I have been placed
in an exceedingly embarrassing position here. I
have been made to feel exceedingly uncomforta-
ble, and I must have been recklessly indifferent
or amazingly self-reliant not to have felt embar-
rassed in the position I have occupied here. Now,
so far from its being true that I have been to the
committee to ask this and that and the other, 1
never exchanged a word with any member of the
committee, save thechairman, until after they made
then-report. Ihaveeven avoided makingacquaint-
ancesin this House, lest it should be supposed that
I had some sinister purpose. That has been my
position.
Now, I find, from a hasty perusal of the man-
uscript report of the committee, that they have
fallen into a very grave error,and have impugned
tho vital testimony in my case. What do I ask?
Not any delay. X will engage to get these men
here before the day which has been set apart for
the consideration of the report of the committee.
It need involve no delay. The testimony I pro-
pose to offer is of the highest character. Does the
chairman of the committee seek to exclude it upon
merely technical grounds? ,
Mr. HUTCHINS. I rise to a question of or-
der. I move to lay the resolution on the table.
I have not withdrawn the motion, and I wish to
know if it is debatable ?
The SPEAKER. What the gentleman states
is the fact. But the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Wright] rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to make some remarks, and
there was no objection. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] obtained the same
leave, and the House seems to have abolished, by
general consent, the rule prohibiting debate.
Mr. UPTON. I have only one thing further
to say. I call upon the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Elections to do me the justice
to remember, that the very day after the question
was submitted to the House by the distinguished
Representative of the metropolitan district of the
great State of Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] which required
the committee to consider my case, I introduced
myself to the honorable chairman, and asked him
to pass upon the cas« at his earliest convenience.
I did so because I felt tho embarrassment of my
position. I told him that I did not wish to occupy
a seat here if I was not entitled to it. He told me
that the committee had already taken up another
case, in which there was a contestant, and that
as there was no contestant in my case, it might
with propriety be postponed. 1 could make no
reply to that, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I was about to say, as my friend
has said, that he has always treated the commit-
tee properly, and that he never, to my knowledge,
approached any member of the committee with
any view that was not entirely proper, and I trust
that he will say that no member of the committee
ever suggested to him any thing not entirely proper.
If they took liberties with him that were not jus-
tified 111 saying to him that he should employ
counsel to lay his case before the committee just
as he wanted ts, I have to ask his pardon for that
suggestion.
The gentleman wonders why I oppose his res-
olution. It is simply this, and nothing more than
this; that ho comes forward with his resolution
and puts it on aground that it cannot, in point of
fact, stand on. He puts it on the ground that the
committee have misconstrued the testimony al-
ready before the House. If that is his ground, I
have to say that it will not make that any clearer
for him to recall these witnesses. The testimony
is printed; and the House is a better judge than
the committee as to what it means. If the gentle-
man says that he wants to introduce new testi-
mony, not introduced before, he has yet to put it
on that ground; and when ho puts it 011 that
ground, I have only to ask him to state to the
House the reason why he has not already intro-
duced it; and if that reason be satisfactory to the
minds of the House, the Committee of Elections
will not put itself in an ungracious attitude by
attempting to shut out any testimony. Tho com-
mittee are not in that position now. Thev are de-
fending themselves against the imputation that
they do not know what a printed deposition means,
and that they must send to Virginia to get a man
to testify what it means. That is all. If the gen-
tleman will say that I10 wants new testimony,'and
if there is a rpason why it was not brought before
the committee up to this time, I will withdraw all
objection. But when he comes forward and says
that the printed depositions are so and so, that the
committee has fallen into a palpable error as to
their meaning, and that he wants to get witnesses
to come and tell the committee what they mean,
then it is due to the committee of nine members,
appointed by the Speaker, and who are unani-
mous in their conclusion here, to say that the
House is a better judge of testimony than the wit-
nesses whom it is proposed to call.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
laid 011 the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretory, notifying the House
that the Senate .had passed an act (No. 109) for
the relief of the legal representatives of J. E. Mar-
tin, deceased; and joint resolution (No. 33) di-
recting the removal of the Army bakeries from the
Capitol; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, ail act (H. R. No. 255) making an appro-
priation for the purchase of cotton seed for general
distribution. ....
POSTAGE DELIVERY IN CITIES.
Mr. BAKER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office andPost
Roads be lequested to inquire into the propriety and expe-
diency of establishing by law a system for the free receipt
and delivery, by postmasters, of all mail matter in cities and
villages containing upwards of ten thousand inhabitants,
in conformity with the admirable and economic post office
system of the principal cities of Europe.
CHARGE AGAINST ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Whereas it has been affirmed on this floor that five regi-
ments of Illinois volunteers in the service of the United
States did, on the occasion of learning the contents of the
report of the Secretary of War, lay down theii arms in token
of their refusal to fight: Therefore,
Resolved, That the committee of Congress on the conduct
of the war he instructed to inquire into this alleged fact,
and report to Congress.
Mr. FOUKE. I object to the introduction of
the resolution now in the absence of my colleague,
[Mr. Logan.]
WASHINGTON DEFENSES, ETC.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to take up
the amendment to House bill No. 165.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 165) making an appropriation for completing
the defenses of Washington was taken from the
Speaker's table, the question being on the fol-
lowing amendment of the Senate which was non-
concurred in by the House, but which was in-
sisted oil by the Senate.
Add tho following section:
Sec. 3. Jliid he it further enacted, That no volunteers or
nnlitia from any State shall be mustered into the service
of the United States on any terms or condition1, confining
their service to the limits ot said State or vicinity ; and if
any such volunteer militia are in service contrary to the
piovisions of this act the same shall be discharged.
Mi. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to insist on
the disagreement of the House, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. Will the gentle-
man from Missouri allow me to understand tho
matter of this bill ? I want to know whether one
of these amendmentson which the House insisted
is that provision which repeals the statute in re-
lation to the enlistment of minors?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York that all the amend-
ments are concurred in, except the one just read
by the Clerk.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I want to know
what became of the amendment relating to the
discharge of minors?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The House con-
curred in that amendment of the Senate, and it is
now a part of this bill. The only amendment now
pending is the one just read.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Am I right in
considering that the two Houses concur in repeal-
ing the section authorizing the discharge of mi-
nois!
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then theamend-
ment passed without many of the members of this
House being aware of it.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. That was theirown
fault. I ask the previous question 011 the motion
to insist.
Mr. STEVENS. Will tho gentleman with-
draw the call for a moment ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that if this
bill passes, minors will not be discharged from
enlistment ?
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. Minors over eigh-
teen will not be.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. What is the
provision ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The amendment
provides that no minor shall be enlisted.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to know whether
the amendment just read has been insisted on by
the Senate ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The amendment
was put on the original bill by the Senate, and
was non-concurred ill by the House. The Senate
insist upon it, and my motion is that the House
