1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
insist on its disagreement, and ask a committee of
conference.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that, on the con-
trary, the House ought to i*ecede from its disa-
greement, and agree to the amendment of the
Senate. I think it is a very good provision, and
I hope the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri will not prevail, but that the House will
concur with the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I trust not. I trust
that the House, having already by its vote author-
ized the State of Kentucky to raise twenty regi-
ments on that condition, will not now stultify its
action. The Committee on Military Affairs felt
instructed to report in favor of non-concurring in
the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Missouri allow me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to suggest that the
House struck out of the Kentucky bill that very
provision in regard to the troops not being liable
to be sent out of the State. The amendment of
the Senate is, therefore, in conformity with the
bill authorizing the raising of troops in Kentucky,
and the gentleman from Missouri is entirely mis-
taken in his statement.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman does
notexactly state the position of the Kentucky bill.
That bill allows the troops raised under it to be
carried out of the State whenever in the opinion
of the commanding general it shall be desirable,
or the emergency shall require it. But the whole
purport of the act was to raise a body of troops
to serve in Kentucky.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me. The provision in controversy here now is
that such troops shall not be confined in their ser-
vice to the State in which they are raised. The
Kentucky bill was originally reported to the
House in that shape, and the House corrected it
m that particular.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state and re-
peat, that the whole purport of the act authorizing
twenty thousand men to be raised in Kentucky
was that they were for service in Kentucky. But
it was left in the discretion of the commanding
general of the national forces there to take them
out of the State if he should deem it important or
necessary; and I believe that this amendment, if
concurred in, would strike down what has been
already done by the House.
In addition to these forces of this character in
Kentucky, there are in the State of Missouri now
already mustered into service about six or eight
thousand men. They have been mustered into
scrvice under an agreement between the President
and the Governor of that State. If they are dis-
missed under this bill, we shall have gone to the
expense of raising and equipping these eight thou-
sand men in Missouri in order to throw the money
away, when it is well known that we have not too
many men there or anywhere else.
And the same thing is true of the State of Mary-
land. There was a body of men raised in a cer-
tain portion of that State upon that condition, and
if this amendment should pass, we should have
gone to the whole expense of equipping and put-
ting this body of men into the field simply to be
disbanded. I do not know how many of them
there are in Maryland—the gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Thomas] can inform the House; I
think, perhaps, a brigade was uused upon this
condition.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Missouri inform the House under what law, or
under what authority, any such body of men was
raised in the State of Maryland ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I shall not under-
take, in this discussion, to go into the question of
the law, or the authority which the gentleman
asks for. I believe it was upon an understanding
between the President of the United States and the
parties engaged in laising this brigade in Mary-
land that these troops were to be raised, upon the
condition that they should not be ordered out of
the State, but should be employed for the defenses
of the State. It was thought important by the
President to raise this brigade in that portion of
the State; and although he deemed that the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of the United States
could, 111 his discretion, make such an arrange-
ment, he could not, perhaps, make it upon any
express provision of law provided for that pur-
pose. If troops were raised under the act of Con-
gress, coming under all the obligations of the act
of Congress, still the President had it in his power
to say to them that, except under extraordinary
circumstances, he would not order them out of the
State. He ha.d the power and authority to make
such an arrangement if he deemed it expedient,
or for the public service. And he has done so;
he has exercised that discretion; and having ex-
crciscd it, if this amendmentshould pass, the sum
and substance of it would be, that the Govern-
ment has gone to this large expenditure to raise
troops that were absolutely necessai*y, for Con-
gress to dismiss them from service where they are
needed, and to fill the places of whom other troops
would have instantaneously to be raised.
I hope the House will concur in the motion I
have made, that it will insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate, and ask for
a committee of conference. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House re-
cede from its disagreement to the Senate amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
amendment would not be in order pending the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. Does not that motion take
precedence of the motion to insist?
The SPEAKER. It would if made; but it can-
not be received while the demand for the previous
question is pending.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am willing to
withdraw the demand for the previous question
for the gentleman to make any motion or to sub-
mit any remarks. I prefer, however, myself to
retain the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do want to make a motion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to understand that I pre-
fer to hold the floor,not because 1 desire any lim-
itation of debate, but because I think the House
will not desire to expend more time than the
morning hour upon this matter.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
the gentlemanfrom Missouri, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, does notstatothe
question with perfect fairness. My recollection
of the determination of the House upon the bill
authorizing the raising of twenty thousand troops
in Kentucky is, that that bill, as it passed, pro-
vided that the troops to be raised in that State could
be ordered out of the State in case of necessity.
No case is made out here why this law should be
passed in the form insisted on, because an under-
standing: may have been had between the President
of the United States and any person who raised
the forces either in Missouri or Maryland. It is
very evident that there is no warrant of law for
raising these men under the circumstances named.
Then again, if there were, in my judgment this
would be a most impolitic measure to be enacted
into a law. It is making a distinction between our
soldiers; it is giving advantages to a certain class
of soldiers which are denied to others. Nor is there
any imaginable reason why there should not be
the discretion lodged in the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army to make use of all the military forces
in whatever place he may conceive their services
are most needed. It is not to be piesumed that a
man fit to command will remove these men from
the limits of Missouri if their services are more
needed there than in any other place. There is
no reason which has been yet urged why this spe-
cial privilege should be granted in this bill, and I
imagine none can be urged with force.
* Place these men upon precisely the same foot-
ing as other soldiers. It is not right that troops
should be raised m one State in the Union, and
that they should have the privilege of confining
their services to the limit of that State, when troops ;
raised in other States—in New York, Pennsyl-
vania, or Ohio, if you please—shall be moved all ■
over the United States, wherever it may be the :
pleasure of the Commander-in-Chief to move
them. What reason can be given for it5 j
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouti. If the gentleman j
wants the reason, I will give it to him. I will ]
state that when the bill in regard to raising: Ken- j
tucky forces was before the House, I undertook, ■
among others, to give the giounds why there
should be a different organization theie, or why
we might be permitted to have a different organ-
ization there, from that existing elsewhere. And
I endeavored to make the gentleman sensible that
when an enemy was overrunning a State there
was a different state of circumstances existing to
that existing in another State, in the State of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, for instance. And
I undertook to tell him what I believe to be true,
that if the State of Pennsylvania was now under
the heel of the confederate armies, he would ex-
perience some different sensations from those
which he has experienced during this war.
Now, sir, it was argued before the House with
great power by certain gentlemen who then ad-
dressed it upon this bill, that we could get troops
in Kentucky under that provision, whereas under
another provision we should probably fail to get
them. I know it is a fact, which has been demon-
strated^ in Missouri, that men will sometimes fight
for their homes and their firesides when they will
not go outside their State to fight; and, in this in-
stance, they could notgo outside theirState safely
if they would. With the circumstances surround-
ing them, is it to be wondered that they should be
unwilling to go away when their own State was
invaded? They were willing to contend against
the enemy in their own State; and when the dan-
ger ceases there, the President has power to dis-
charge them. The enemies of the country are in
our midstin Missouri, in the southern and middle
part of the State; and these men, raised upon this
agreement between the President and the Governor
of Missouri, are the best men that could possibly
be found to confront that movement in our State,
because they know the mentand know the coun-
try. And 1 believe they are better calculated to
do the service which is demanded of them than
any other class of men that can be found else-
where. I cannot for my life conceive why any
one should continue opposition to this condition
when it is well understood that we haveacontest
in our midst in Missouri, in Kentucky, and also
in the State of Maryland. I say I cannot conceive
why an objection can be raised to bringing into
service these men upon this condition.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I would
like to have the attention of the members present
while I submit a few remarks on the matter now
before the House. In the first place, let me say
that this amendment of the Senate has been brought
before the House in a most extraordinary man-
ner. Some three or four weeks ago, by a very
large majority, after full discussion, this House
passed a bill permitting the enrollment in Ken-
tucky for the period of twelve months not exceed-
ing twenty thousand men, to serve the United
States in that S^ate or out of it as the general com-
manding shall require. That was the provision
of the bill. The only difference between the sol-
diers contemplated by that bill and the five hun-
dred thousand authorized by Congress at its last
session is, that while one is enrolled for three
years, the other is to be enrolled for only twelve
months. They are both for the purpose of pre-
serving the integrity of this Union and the pro-
tection of loyal men.
I will now respond to the inquiry of the gentle-
man over the way how these volunteers which
have been enrolled m the State of Missouri were
mustered into the service. Perhaps it ought to
come from anothergentleman. They arc enrolled
for a period of three years for the purpose of pro-
tecting their homesteads at home against the in-
roads of the enemy. Them is no provision, I
believe, that they are not to work or light out of
the State. In the State of Maryland a like force
constitu tes a part of the Army offive hundred thou-
sand men. That the United States have enrolled a
corps for the protection of the frontier of Mary-
land upon the Potomac, " to operate there or in its
vicinity," is the language of its organization. I
believe that that force is organized by virtue of a
specific statute passed at the last session of Con-
gress.
Look, sir, at the condition of Kentucky at the
beginning of this session. Knowing that the events
which have happened were likely to happen, my
objcct was to strengthen the arm of the General
Government by permitting it the use of all its well-
j drilled soldiers in that region by enrolling a corps
j which would cooperate with them—a corps that
, j would remain behind after the drilled soldiers ad-
j vanced, to guard the passes, to protect the rear of
the Army, and to keep open communication with
