1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
113
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Powell.
that admired liiitish Government for the Invading com-
mands, who is, by proclamation, to emancipate the three
millionsol lus black feilow-citiaens. But he should remem-
rw! ml ml".®'' U be,"ow the pleasure of that immaculate
Goiiimnuii to preach a crusade against negro slavery,she
wa  formerly tl.e patron and even attempted to be the mo-
nopolizer of the slave trade; that she even forced the slaves
upon this country in despite the remonstrance ofour father^
asi she is now attempting to force her opium upon the
otunese; that she may again change her views, drop her
ciusade agaist negro slavery, and preach a new crusade., as
lormerJy, against the Piotestant icligion or any other ciiei-
ished right of New England. Doesthatalsolieatthemercy
of her proclamations? Can &he thus put down that religion
and put up the Catholic oi any other in its place?
" But, says Mr. Adams, this is not a mere theory; 'his
doctrme has been earned into piactical execution.5 He
cites us to the example of those eminent man-slayeis and
expositors of the law ot nations and of the usages of civil-
ized wai fare, Generals Moiillo and Bolivar. He say* thev
both did the thing in Colombia, though he dues not explain
how; after one had emancipated all the slaves, it was still
left for the other to do. Neither has he done his argument
all the justice he might, in favor of the might ot military
power, trom the example of thy be--t of those two eminent
c.vp0Mt0H. He fojgot to tells us that Bolivar, after havm«"
emancipated the blacks, by virtue of the same maitial law
enslaved the white?, and placed a ciown on lib own head.
We of the South, even, who are so much interested in the
subject of slave property, would deem this a much more
striking and convincing example of the extent of mihtaiy
powei than that of the mere emancipation of slaves."
It is a principle in the American constitutions,
not only in the Constitution of the United States,
but it is, I believe, distinctly avowed and asserted
in the constitution of every State of the Union,
that the military shall be subordinate, and shall
be kept in subjugation to the civil power, that the
law shall be supreme. It is asserted distinctly in
the constitution of Massachusetts. On that point
I will read one more short extract from Judge
Nicholas's pamphlet:
kt How differently from his forefatheis of Massachusetts
does Mr. Adams consider the influence of ibiuijm laws, and
the overshadowing supremacy of military powei. They
say in their constitution: 'The people of this Common-
wealth aie not controllable by any other laws than those to
which theii constitutional lepresentative body have given
then consent.' He says they aie controllable bythe aibi-
tiaiy will of a militaiy chief, ioreign or domestic ; and that
even then constitution is in subordination to the law of wai
and the law of nations. Then Provincial Congies*, writing
to the Continental Congress, in May, 1775, on the necessity
of their4 taking up civil government,' said: 1 As theswoid
in all free States should be subseivient to the civil powers,
and as it is the duty of the magistrate to support it for the
people's necessary defense, we tremble at having an army,
although consisting of our own counti ymen, estuhhshed here
without a civil power to provide for and control them ' Tins
being m time of actual war, a wai of i evolution, too, what
a silly set of old-fa^hloned fellowsthat Provincial Congiess
must have been to be thus sighing tor a civil governments
control the army, they not knowing, in their simplicity, that
it was the undoubted pieiogativc, by the law of nations, for
the military to control the civil power in time of war. Fight-
ing as they were for their lives and liberties, in the mid-t
of an actual war of revolution, they trembled at the idea of
an army of even their own counuymen, because rhei e was
no adequate civil power to contiol it. So little of this fear
of military sway is there in Mr. Adams, that he contends
the militaiy rightfully does and should overmaster and con-
trol the civil authority in tune of war from invasion or
insuirection."
How differently did our fathers act. Martial
law was never declared during the war of the Rev-
olution, so far as I know, it was not declared
during our war with Great Britain of 1812, save
and except by General Jackson, in a single in-
stance at New Orleans. The great and good
Washington conducted the war of the Revolution
without ever resorting to any such extraordinary
power. Indeed, the temper of the times would
have forbidden it. The stern patriots who were
engaged in that struggle for civil liberty would
not permit such a thing to be done; they would
not have countenanced it for a single moment. |
When General Washington resigned his commis-
sion at Annapolis, on the 23d of December, 1783,
Thomas Mifflin, President of the Continental Con-
gress, addressed him thus:
"You have conducted the great military contest with
Wisdom and ioitltude, invariably regaiding the rights of the
civil power through ail 'Jisasteis and changes."
That was the highest compliment which could
be conferred on that illustrious chief; but in these
times we have a President who allows his com-
manders-in-chief to declare martial law in the
States; to issue edicts overthrowing the constitu-
tional rights of the people, and prescribing the
qualifications of electors. We find them levying
forced contributions, not for military purposes,
but in the way of charity, from the people of one
of the States of the Union; and all this is borne.
Sir, let me tell you that if the representatives of
New Series—No, 8.
Senate.
the American people _ submit to such acts, they
surrender their Constitution, they surrender their
liberties; and, indeed, in view of all these things,
it seems to me that we are yielding and throwing
away our liberties faster and more submissively
than any free people ever before surrendered their
dearest^constitutional and civil rights. I will read
to the Senate another extract from the speech of
Mr. Webster on Jackson's protest. It so clearly
points out the danger to free Governments from
executive encroachments that he seemed to have
looked with prophetic vision to these times:
"Mr. President, the contest for ages has been to rescue
liberty from the grasp of exccuticc power. Whoovei has en-
gaged in her sacied cause, fiom the days of the downfall of
those gt eat aristociaeies which stood between king ami peo-
ple to the tune of out own indopende.nce, ba^ sti unified foi
the accomplishment of that single object. On thelong list
ot the champions of human fiecdom theie is not one name
dimmed by the reproach of advocating the extension of ex-
ecutive authouty. On the con ti my, the uniform and steady
purpose of all such champions has been to limit and le&train
it. To this end, all that could be gained from the impru-
dence, snatched from the weakness, 01 wiung from the ne-
cessities of ciowned heads has been carefully gatheied up,
secured, and hoarded as the rich treaties, the very jewels
oflibouy. To this end, populai and leptcsentaiivc light has
kept up its warfare against prerogative with various suc-
cess; sometimes writing the history ot a whole age with
blood, sometimes witnessing the martyrdom of Sydneys
and Russell-*, often battled and repulsed, butstill gaming on
the whole, and holding what it yarned with a grasp that
nothing but its own extinction could compel it to lelmquish.
" Th tough all thishistoiy of the contest loi liberty, execu-
tive power has been regarded as a lion that must be caged.
So fai from being the object of enlightened popular u u-t—
so far from being considered the natural piotection ol pop-
ulai ritfht—it has been dreaded as the great object of dangei.
" Who is he so ignoiant of the histoiy ol liberty at home
and abroad; who is he fiom whose bosom all infusion of
American spuit has been so entncly cvapotated as to put
into the mouth of the Piosidentthedoctiine thattbedefen.se
of libeity natutally results to executive power, and is it-;
peculiar duty? Who is he that is generous and conlid
ing towaids power whete it is most dangei ous, and jealoiH
only of those who can restiam it? Who is he thai, levers-
ing the order of Stale and upheaving the base, would poise
the pyramid of the political system upon its apex? Who
is he that declares to u^, through the President's lips, that
the secuiity for tieedom rests m executiveauihouty ? Who
is he that belies the blood and libels the fame ol his ances-
try by declaring thatthey, with solemnity ol lorniand foice
of manner, have invoked the executive power to come to
the protection of liberty ? Who is he that thus chaigc*. them
with the insanity or iceklessness of thus putting the lamb
beneath the lion's paw. No, sir; no, sir. Our security is
in our watchfulness of executive power. It was the consti-
tution of this depaitment which was infinitely the most
difficult pai t m the gieat woik ol cieating oui Government.
To give the executive such power as should make it useful,
and yet not dangeious ; efficient, independent, strong, and
yet prevent it fiom sweeping away cveiything by its mili-
tary and civil power, by the influence ol paiionage and fa-
vor—this, indeed, was difficult. They who had the woik
to do saw this difficulty, and we see it. If we would main-
tain our system, we shall act wisely by preserving every
restiaint, every guard the Constitution has piovided. When
we and those who come after have done all that we can do
and ail that they can do, it will be well for us and for them
if the Executive, by the power of patronage and party, shall
not prove an overmatch for all other branches of the Gov-
ernment.
" T will not aoquiescc in the reveisal of all just ideas of
government. I will not degiade the character of popular
representation. I will not blindly coniide when all e\-
petience admonishes to be jealous. I will not trust execu-
tive poioer. vested in a single magistrate, to keep the vigils
of liberty.
11 Encioachment mu>t be icsmed at eveiy step. Whether
the consequences be prejudicial or not, if theie be an ille-
gal exeicise of powei, it mtM be resisted in the proper man-
ner. We are not to wait till great mischief come, till the
Government is overthiown, or libeity itselt put in e.xticme
jeopaidy. We should not be woithy sous of our f.itheis
weie we so to regaid questions aflecting tieedom."
The eloquent extract just read from Mr. Web-
ster is so full of wisdom and truth, so applicable
to the times, that I wish thegreat truths contained
in it, could be indelibly impiebsed upon the mind
of every American citizen. The principles so
eloquently and forcibly set forth by Mr. Webster
are utterly at war with Mr. Adams's heresy on
martial law.
This doctrine of martial law has not existed in
England for two hundred years. I have exam-
ined every book on martial law that I could find.
Samuels on Military Law (page 188) says:
"The military state receives its law?, as it !ia« been ob-
served, but m ii rude and unpoltolied foiro, nevertheless
with all their rough intrinsic value, in the first instance,
from Parliament, through the medium of an annual stat-
ute—the mutiny act."
The British Parliament passes the mutiny act
annually, and it passes the army appropriations
annually. They guard the military more scru-
pulously than we do. Under our Constitution
we can make our appropriations for two years.
It was decided distinctly by Lord. Loughborough,
in a case to which I have alluded, in 2 Henry
Blaclcstoiie s Reports, that the doctrine has not
existed m England since the Petition of Right. I
have the Petition of Right here, but 1 shall not
trouble the Senate by reading the clauses that pro-
hibit martial law. In Grant's case, reported in
2 Henry Blackstone's Reports, Lord Loughbo-
rough said:
"The suggestion begins by stating the laws and statutes
ot the realm respecting the protection of personal liberty
it goes on to stutMlmt no person ought to be tried by a court-
martial tor any ofiense not cognizable by muitial law, and
so on. In the preliminary observations upon the case, niv
brother, Marshall, went at length Into the history of those
abuses ot inaiti.il law which prevailed in ancient tunes.
I his leads mo to an observation that martial law, such as
if is described by Hale, and Hich also as it is maiked by
Mi. Justicc Blackstone, does not exist in England ,u ail.
Where martial law is established and prevails m any coun-
try, it is of a totally different natuie fiom that which is in-
accurately called martial law merely because the decision-
is by a eouit-matttal, but which bears no affinity to that
which was formerly attempted to be excised in tUU king-
dom, which was contiary to the constitution, and which
has been for a century totally exploded."
All-the martial law we have here is that which
necessarily arises under our articles of war. It
is a law of Congress, and Congress alone can
make it. If you claim any martial law outsid$of
that, you overthrow the Constitution of your
fathers.^ It is settled in England that "martial
law, as it exists at present in this kingdom, forms
a part of the law of the land. It. is enacted by
the same authority which is the origin of all the
statutory regulation." (Tyler on Military Law,
p.105.) Scott on Military Law asserts the doc-
trine held by Tyler, and it is declared from the
highest authority that the power to declare martial
law has been repudiated in England for two hun-
dred years. Mr. Wharton says, in the definition
\ read sometime nince, that it is inconsistent with
the Petition of Right. I ask the Senate ifthe clause
in the Petition of Right or in the Bill of Rights which
prohibits martial law is any more explicit or clear
than our Constitulion. Certainly the Petition of
Right is not and the Bill of Rights is not more so;
and yet you are willing to surrender the power lo
a Commander-in-Chief to overthrow the Constitu-
tion and all the laws of your country, to turn your
Congress out of doors, to repudiate your judges,
to overthrow the State constitutions, to supersede
and overthrow all civil authority, to establish a
religion, and compel the people to worship in such
form as he may indicate. That is the doctrine an-
nounced by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
hope it never will be again promulgated by an
American Senator, or harbored or entertained for
a single moment by an American citizen. It
shows a subserviency to the military and execu-
tive power that no man bred in the school of
American liberty and who properly appreciates
constitutional freedom should ever for a moment
entertain. It is a doctrine that should be avowed
only by despots and tyrants, and asserted and pro-
claimed only by those who are willing to be the
slaves of tyrants.
Senators, if you maintain this Union at all, you
must do it through the instrumentality of the Con-
stitution. I have before said that the Union with-
out the Constitution was worthless. The Union
is only to be admired, only to be loved, because
of the broad, the strong, the impenetrable shield
that the Constitution throws around the rights
and the liberties of the people. You may admire
the country for its wide extent, its broad acies,
its magnificent rivers, its noble seas, its gigantic
mountains, but you can only love it becau.se of its
Constitution, for that secures to us all our rights;
and while we defend it, while we protect it, while
we maintain it against every usw rper, whether he
be high or low, as American Sena.ors and the de-
scendants of freemen should do, all will be well;
but if we relinquish it, the saddest disasters will
follow.
In 1851, Mr. Webster, the eminent statesman
of Massachusetts, a man who was not driven off
by a single idea, a man who studied the Consti-
tution, who expounded the Constitution with an
ability, with a force, with a power, with a co-
gency, and with a lucidness that perhaps was
unequaled by any ofour statesmen, said:
" If I have attempted, to expound the Constitution, 1 have
attempted to expound that which f have studied with dili-
gence and veneration from my early manhood to the present
