612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the loyal States. What is the fact now? Look
to the northeastern line of Virginia. General
Garfield is now there in winter quarters to guard
that frontier when he ought to be upon the line.
If we were allowed to enroll this corps of Ken-
tuckians he would be enabled to advance while it
would protect his rear. We could take care of
Humphrey Marshall and his marauders. Look
at the battle of Somerset, which was gained the
otherdaybyourforces. Howsoon will the troops
of the enemy, which were scattered in every di-
rection, be gathered together again and ready for
another inroad? Nor do we know how soon Gen-
eral Thomas will make an assault upon Bowling
Green. He will be obliged to leave a part of his
well-drilled army at every gap upon his line of
advance to prevent his rear being annoyed or cut
off from its communications. We want men from
our own State for that purpose. They know the
fastnesses of the mountains. They know all the
country, and they know the men who are to be
guarded against. They will be betterguards there
than any others, and it is for that reason that we
ask Congress to pass the bill authorizing the en-
rollment of such a corps in Kentucky. After we
have put upwards of thirty thousand men into the
field to serve during the war—twenty-seven regi-
ments of infantry and four or five regiments of
cavalry and artillery—we think, sir, that we can
raise from our yeomanry who love and adhere to
the Union a corps of ten or twelve thousand men
who would keep the peace upon the borders while
their brethren are fighting at a distance in the
southern country, if they are removed there.
This was the reason for this measure; and I
would like to know from the other side of the
House why it is that they object to ICentuckians
being enrolled to defend themselves and the bor-
ders of their State from inroads of the hordes of
the southern confederacy? We have information
that General Beauregard and fifteen thousand of
his trained bands have gone to Kentucky to unite
with the force now there against us. Have we
too many men there? Nobody will contend that
we have. Why, then, is this measure opposed?
There must be some secret behind their opposi-
tion which we have not heard; and I would like
to have it developed. They are not willing to meet
the proposition fairly. They attempt to pass a
provision upon an appropriation bill for the erec-
tion of fortifications around Washington city,
which will have the effect of tying the hands of
the Government and preventing the passage of the
Kentucky bill. They are not disposed to meet
the proposition fairly; but by specious indirection
they endeavor to induce or force the President of
the United States to dismiss tharforcc now keep-
ing the peace upon the borders of Maryland, and
to prevent the enrollment of a like force for the
safety of the borders of Kentucky. Let us meet
the question fairly. Let us have a conference with
the Senate, and have a talk. There can be no rea-
sonable or just objection to that; and I hope that
there will be none.
Mr. Speaker, I will not consume any more of
the time of the House to prove the necessity and
the importance of this corps, not only to the State
of Kentucky but to the Union generally. 1 will at
the proper time and in the proper way. I intend,
ifGodis willing, to place the position of Kentucky,
now and heretofore, before this House so that the
men who have misrepresented her will blush with
shame, men who have alleged that she has acted
ignominiously in this controversy. She has more
than her quota of troops for the Union now in the
field. She is and has ever been ready to pour out
her best blood for the perpetuity of this free Gov-
ernment; and when those who did not know her
and her song, denounced her as having pursued
an u ignominious course," my blood, old as it im,
began to run warm through my veins, and if I
had been a younger man I would have stopped the
further use of any such language upon this floor.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to peimit me to say a word.
Mr. HICKMAN. I gave way to the gentle-
man from Missouri to ask me a question.
TheSPLAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentle man demanded the previous question.
Mr.HICKMAN. He consented to withdraw
it for a motion to roeede, and for me to say what
I have to say on this subject. I ask the gentle-
man himself whether it was not the understand-
ing that I should say whatever I desire to ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly, sir.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I address my-
self to the courtesy of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will say what I have to
say in a few minutes, and then the.gentleman can
occupy the floor.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will call for the previous question when he con-
cludes.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think if I yield any fur-
ther that I will be ruled out myself.
Mr. Speaker, if there is any secret in connec-
tion with this proposed measure it is very certain
that I am not m possession of it; and it is most
likely that it is in the keeping of those who are
now advocating this measure so strenuously.
This is precisely the same objection I raised to
the bill providing for volunteers in Kentucky,
and which the House, after consideration in that
respect, reformed. I do not object to it because
it is proposed by this bill to defend Missouri. I
am anxious that Missouri shall have all the de-
fenses she can have.
My objection is entirely different from that. I
think if the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wick-
liffe] had implicit faith in the good manage-
ment of the Commander-in-Chief of our Army,
they would require no such special provision as
this in this bill. It is not to be presumed that
men will be removed from Kentucky, or Missouri
either, as long as there is a present necessity to use
them there. But suppose the necessity for men
in either of those States should no longer exist;
suppose the s^at of war should be removed from
Kentucky, or from Missouri, into Illinois, or into
Ohio, or into Pennsylvania ;^s there any reason
why the troops should not be removed there
also; or why these men, now provided for by this
law, should be retained and paid, in Missouri,
for their whole term, when there was nothing for
them to do? I want to put the defenses of Mis-
souri and Kentucky precisely upon the same foot-
ing as those of any other State—neither higher
nor lower. I am for defending ail the States; and
1 am for raising men in such a way that they can
be put to the defense of any State, whether it be
n border or a middle State. This is my objection
to the bill, and it goes no further than'this. It is
not a just bill; it is a selfish bill in its provisions.
It requires privileges to be conferred upoirthe
soldiers raised under it different fiom what have
been extended to others who have been raised in
other States.
Gentlemen have no right to ask for this; they
have no right to presume that these soldiers can
be withdrawn from the States as long as there is
any necessity to have them there. They must
have as much faith in the commander of our
armies as we have faith in him. This is taking
the power out of his hands wjiich he ought to
possess. He ought to have an unlimited control
of the Army, and I am for giving it to him until
he proves that he is unqualified for his office.
The ground I take then is, that all our soldiers
shall be put upon the same fooling, and that they
shall all alike be under the sovereign and supreme
control of the commander of the Army.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 150)
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, for the year
ending June 30, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending June 30, 1862; and an
act (H.R. No. 139) authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to strike fioin the pension rolls the
names of such persons as have taken up aims
against the Government, or who may have, m
any manner, encouraged the rebels; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri to give way to me for a few
minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman from
Missouri withdraw the demand for the previous
question ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
withdraws it, I will renew it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. The reference
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] tothecorpsorganized in Maryland,and
dismissed, if this Senate amendment be concurred
in by the House, makes it my indispensable duty
to submit some facts for the consideration of mem-
bers before they are brought to a vote upon this
matter—facts perhaps unknown to any one else—
and if I can place before gentlemen the facts of the
case as plain as they have been in my mind since
this unfortunate war.commenced, there will be no
hesitancy in this House, by their vote, in doing
justice to the constituency I immediately repre-
sent.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] asks what peculiar reasons there are
for this special organization. It is but necessary
for gentlemen to cross the line of Pennsylvania
and cross into Maryland, and commune with her
population there, to understand that we have an
element of population in Maryland—and the same
is true of Kentucky and Missouri, also—and I am
not ashamed to refer to it, though I am deeply
sorry that I must refer to it, that we have an ele-
ment in this unfortunate rebellion which docs not
exist in the non-slaveholding States in this Con-
federacy; and I was surprised to find anygentle-
raan ask what are the peculiar circumstances of
our community which justify the formation of
this special organization. We have a secession
element among the white race. We have twenty
thousand men in Maryland watching and waiting
for an opportunity, but kept in check by an over-
whelming two-third majority of the people of that
State. They are known to the Union men of
Maryland; they are appreciated by the Union men
of Maryland: and the Union men need no aid from
this Governmentbut the mere privilege of arming
themselves under the laws of the land to keep that
element in its proper position. While therefore
I am not ashamed to say that we need a local
guard, I am sorry to know it. When your Army
marches south, do you not leave behind you this
secession element? Who, then, are to guard the
community at large against their machinations?
The people who know them best, and, perhaps,
fear them least. They do not desire to guard that
element otherwise than by lawful authority. We
want no guerrilla warfare. We want an organ-
ized corns under the supreme law of the land.
We have another element in Maryland which
I must necessarily refer to, and 1 do not refer to
it, too, with any blush of shame. Having in July
last adverted to it, I am still not ashamed to ad-
mit that there is slavery in Maryland. This is
another dangerous element in the rear of your
armies, and who better qualified to keep them in
subjection to the laws of the land than the people
who are in their immediate vicinity? Do gentle-
men desire that opportunities for insurrectionary
outbreaks should l>e embraced by that class of our
population, and that they shall bring terror and
perhaps death to our fellow-citizens in the border-
ing States, who are ready to defend the Union and
the laws of Congress upon the battle-field? Do they
want to afford them an oppoitunity, by the ab-
sence of an armed guard, to light up and illumine
the whole horizon by the flames of burning dwell-
ings, or to fill the land with the shrieks of women
and children falling under their murderous hands?
I will not grant the possibility of such a purpose
existing here. It certainly will not be avowed,
and it will not be acknowledged or vindicated be-
fore any civilized or christianized community.
Then, if we need such a guard as I have indi-
cated, who is better qualified to be that guard
than the citizens of Maryland themselves? Under
the influence of such considerations, though ut-
terly unacquainted with the details of military life,
I olieied my services as a mere recruiting sergeant,
and in that capacity mciely, to the Secretary of
AVar and to the President of the United States,
making no charge for seivices, seeking no com-
mand. 1 received authority to organize that corps
of five thousand men in western Maryland for the
purposes I have set forth. The authority was
given by a letter from the Secretary of War,
which is now on file m the Department, indorsed
in writing by the Chief Magistrate of the United
States, which is on file also.
There was another purpose in that organiza-
tion; but before I proceed to that head I will stop
to say that for the purpose for which this guard
was raised mairied men, and men of large estate,
have volunteered and gone into the service of the
United States, who would not have been willing
