2594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
June 5,
gislature. How far will New York go? How far
will any of the States go? In this regard they
are unlimited, and before the country knows
where it is it will be involved in a debt larger than
our present war debt.
The very least thing in the bill is the only one
that seems to have attracted the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Delano,]
and that is the provision in reference to selecting
and fixing the places for founderies and arsenals
in the western country. Navy-yards, armories,
arsenals, and everything of that kind, this board
can absolutely establish where they please. Can-
gress will have nothing to do with the country if
this board is to be appointed. If it does pass, I
think this House had better adjourn sine die, for
with i|uch, a board in existence, there will be no
earthly necessity for it to meet again
Mr. DELANO. Let me say a word.
Mr. STEVENS. I have only five minutes, but
I will gladly hear what the gentleman has to say.
Mr. DELANO. I do not know how it may be
in reference to the provisions of the bill to which
the gentleman refers. I have no doubt they are
as he has stated t.iem, but I will tell the gentle-
man that so far as the armory and foundery are
concerned, it does not leave it to the President or
a board of engineers to determine finally where
these establishments are to be located. Although
the fortifications are to be located and may be con-
structed under the charge of the President, yet
that is not the case in reference to the foundery
and armory, under the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 understand the matter as 1
have stated it; but the bill is short, and every gen-
tleman can understand it for himself. But is not
this quite an ingenious bill ? Not content with all
the items that I have recited, it contains also the
provisions of a Military Academy bill. This bill,
indeed, reminds me of the amazing boast which
gentlemen may have read of in the Bible, and
which we are told had so many heads and horns
and, I believe, tails. [Laughter.] It contains ns
much as a Noah's arlc. [Renewed laughter.] It
would he difficult to name anything which it does
not provide lor.
I now withdraw my amendment, and renew the
motion to strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. I object to the gen-
tleman withdrawing his amendment, because 1
have a few words to say in opposition to it.
The objections of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania are of but little weight when they are cahnly
considered. The Military Committee, in report-
ing this bill to the House, have chosen to consider
not only the permanent fortifications of the coun-
try, but also the oidnance which is necessary to
be placed upon them, as well as the men who are
to be educated to work them for the common de-
fense. It does not seem to me that the bill is in-
congruous at all; but, on the contiary, it is one
symmetrical in all its parts. For the defense of
the country you have to have to have forts, and
and you have to have guns to put on them, and
you have to have educated men to ply these guns.
One is as essential as the other for the defense of
the country.
Now, as to the cxtraordmaiy expenditure re-
ferred to. I do not know but that under this bill
large sums may be expended, but I know this:
that whatever is necessary for the defense of the
country the people are willing to appropriate.
And more than that, I know that they are willing
to place their money in the hands of the best men,
educated men, men of experience, experts, who
know what is best for the defense of the country.
They would rather take the opinion of such men
as to what is best than that of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman moves to
amend it in that way, I must certainly object.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not mean to do
any such thing. In the first place, the gentleman
asks who will consent to have the millions already
appropriated for fortifications now in existence
withdrawn. It has been demonstrated that not a
dollar ought to be expended in th& manner already
provided. It has been demonstrated during this
war, that all that money will be thrown away if
it be expended as has been proposed. Yet the
gentleman at the head of the Committee of Ways
and Means would insist that $6,000,000 should
be thus thrown away.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to repeal that
law, butl am not willingto provide for an expend-
iture ten times as large, of precisely the same
character.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman
knows that there is no power granted under this
bill to expend ten times as much on these fortifi-
cations. It does grant, however, the power to
expend the specified sum on the recommendation
Of a board of fortifications. It provides for an
exigency which might occur when Congress was
not in session, that the President may order these
fortifications to be proceeded with, but when Con-
gress is in session and there is no such exigency,
the expenditures under this bill are to go before
Congress for its sanction. They are to pass like
all other appropriations, through the ordeal of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania would himself have su-
pervision of all of them.
I say that it is no objection that this money is
proposed to be withdrawn, because it has been
demonstrated in this war that, as proposed, the
money will be expended to a good purpose. Then
we will have the best information afforded us by
scientific officers of the Army and Navy. We
will find out some places in which this money
may be profitably expended.
The bill does not provide that the States can
go on and make any expenditure they please,
and that we shall have to come in and give our
bonds for it. A reading of the bill will not bear
out any such idea. The bill says that the Presi-
dent may accept loans from a State, and that i'f
he accents them, they can only be expended on
works in that State. That is the provision.
That may have been essential to us. It is not so
much so now; because under the judicious man-
agement of the Committee of Ways and Means
our bonds are above par. There was a time
when it would have been important for the States
to have advanced money for these fortifications.
If it had been necessary to make fortifications in
the State of Maine and the Government had not
the money on hand, it would have been import-
ant to have obtained a loan from the State of
Maine for that purpose. I say, sir, that there is
not an objection which can be made to this bill
which cannot be made to every bill providing for
the defense of the country.
In relation to a foundery and armories at the
West, we have had a commission to fix their loca-
tion, and because of the local interests in the
West, it has been impossible to arrive at any de-
termination. Under this bill, if this board con-
siders an armory necessary in the West, they
have the power to locate it with the sanction of
the President.
[llere the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I now withdraw my amend-
ment and move, its a test question, to strike out
the enacting words of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS then moved that thecommittee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and theSpeaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Train reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
bill of the House No. 415, authorizing the ap-
pointment of a board of fortifications, to provide
for the sea-coast and other defenses of the United
States, and for other purposes, and had instructed
him to report the same back to the House with
the recommendation tluit the enacting clause be
stricken out.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was concui led in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the enacting clause of the bill was strick-
en out; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be punted five thousand extiacopies
of the report of the Smithsonian Institution for the yeai
1861, the wood-cuts to be furnished at the expense of the
Institution ; tlnee thousand copies loi the use of the mem-
bers of the House and two thousand for the use of the In-
stitution.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. WALTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That thirty thousand extra copies of the me-
chamcai pouion of the Patent Office report for 1861 be
printed ior the use of the House, and ten thousand for the
use of the Patent Office.
I desire to say that that is the usual number of
flic mechanical portion of the Patent Office re-
port heretofore ordered to be printed, and further-
more, that the mechanical report for this year
differs materially from those of previous years in
that it contains no engravings. It is a small vol-
ume, and will not entail any heavy expense upon
the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. The printing of these works
is a heavy item of public expense. The number
of members is smaller than it has been hitherto;
and I submit whether it would not be proper pro-
portionately to diminish the number of extra
copies of this report.
Mr. WALTON. The Committee on Printing
have reported the usual number, but I will not
object to an amendment such as the gentleman
from Tennessee suggests.
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot move the amend-
ment at once, because it will require some calcu-
lation to get at the exact numbers.
Mr. WALTON." I move to strike out "thirty
thousand," and insert "twenty thousand."
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was then adopted.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DELANO. I propose to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the purpose of taking up the bill in relation to the
penitentiary for the District of Columbia; but be-
fore making that motion, I move that general de-
bate upon the bill be closed in fifteen minutes.
Mr. McPHERSON. When that bill was last
up, it was the understanding that two hour
speeches should be made upon it, and I hope the
gentleman wili not now limit the debate to fifteen
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. It is now late, and the gen-
tleman cannot possibly have his bill acted on this
afternoon; and I suggest that a day be set apart
for the consideration of the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. DELANO. That is what I have been try-
ing to have done for a week past, but it has been
uniformly objected to.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
that Wednesday next, after the morning hour, be
set apart for the business of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. DELANO. I will withdraw my motion
to close debate, and ask unanimous consent that
Wednesday next, after the morning hour, be set
apart for the business of the District of Colum-
bia.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
SOLDIERS IN DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to mfotm this lIou-?e. whether any of the regular or volun-
teer soldiers of the United States Aimy are now confined
in the pemtentiaiy of the Distuet ol Columbia; and it so,
to state their names, the offences of which they vveie con-
victed; and by what tribunal they were sentenced to Paid
prison, and the time foi which each one was sentenced.
NAVAL PRIZES.
Mr. IIOLMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tiiat the Secretary of the Treasury bo directed
to inform tiie House how much money has been paid into
the Ticasuiy of the United States as the pioeeecte of the
sales of ve&beis and cargoes which have been captured by
the navies of the United States on the high seas since the
commencement of the present war, fiom whence and when
received, with the particulars thereof; and whether any
part of such money hag been paid to the officers and seamen
of the vessel by whieJi the capture was made, and if not,
that he state the purpose of his Department with reference
to making such payment to such officers and seamen, un-
der any claim based upon the laws of tlie United States in
reference to captures on the high seas.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the unanimous consent
