114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Aprill 23,
37th- Cong.... 2d
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Cutler.
Ho. op Reps.
dnv Tf I have endeavored to defend and uphold the Union
of the States, it is my five,I jufement and my un-
alterable affections have impelled me, ami still impel me,
to resard that Union as the only security for gencmi pros-
perity and national glory. Yes, gentlemen, the Constitu-
tion and the Union ! T place them together. If they stand,
they must stand together; and if they fall, they must fall
together. , , - *
"There arc some animals that live best in the fire, and
there are some men who delight in heat, smoke, combus-
tion, andevtm general conflagration. They do not follow
the things which make for peace. They enjoy only con-
troversy, contention, and strife. Have no communion with
such persons, either as neighbors or politicians. You have
no more right to say that slavery ought not to exist m vn-
glnia, than a Virginian has to say that slavery ought to
exist in New Hampshire, This is a question left to eveiy
State to decide for itself; and if we mean to keep the States
together, we must leave to every State this power of decid-
ing for itself.'*
These are the words of a wise man and a great
man; and he justly warns you against the results
of such a course as is indicated in that brief sen-
• tence. I tell you now, Senators, beware of these
one-idaa men, whether they are politicians or di-
vines. Their teachings have done no good. Let
us take warning* from unci follow the wise teachings
of the great Webster, wid the illustrious fathers
who went before him. They have taught us that
we should resist all encroachments upon the Con-
stitution at every hazard, and that the military
power should be kept in strict subordination to
the civil authority.
It is now proposed under the war power, as it
is termed by some here, to overthrow every ves-
tige of the Constitution, to place our rights and
liberties in the hands of a single man, to make his
will law. That is the doctrine expounded by the
Senator from Massachusetts. We have already,
in my humble judgment, suffered enough infrac-
tions of the Constitution to be committed without
a just and manly rebuke of the usurpers, without
now disposing of it by wholesale, by surrender-
ing to one man the power to overthrow our sys-
tem of government. What have we seen within
the last year ? The President of the United States
has added thousands of men to your regular Army
and to yourNavy without warrant of law, usurp-
ing the powers of Congress, which alone has u
right to raise armies and provide a navy; anil
money has been taken from thoTreasury without
warrant of law to bring the armies unlawfully
raised into the field. The writof habeas corpus lias
been suspended; citizens have been seized with-
out charge and without warrant, although the
Constitution says that they shall only be arrested
on warrant and for probable cause. Men have
been taken from their homes and hurried to dis-
tant forts. Hundreds of citizens of my own State,
some of them men of the highest character and
Btanding, have been confined for months in your
northern baetile without chnigc, without warrant,
who have bogged all the time to be confronted
with their accusers, who have asked to be tried
by the courts, but the usurpers of your Constitu-
tion said no. Your Secretary of State issued his
order, and men who were his peers in every re-
spect—Governor Morehead, Mr. Stanton, and
other gentlemen whom 1 could name—were hur-
ried to your forts and kept there without law, with-
out warrant,and have since been released, notby
virtue of law, but by the will of your Secretary.
We have seen tho officials of a large city in a
neighboring State—tho police commissioners of
Baltimore—.seized in a similar way by the mili-
tary authorities. They presented their petition to
the Senate, demanding that they bo either released
or handed over to the civil tribunals to be tried,
protesting their innocence; and what was the re-
sult? Only two members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee were in favor of reporting anything for their
relief. I reported a preamble and resolution de-
claring that they should be immediately released,
or handed over to the civil authorities for trial; it
went on your Calendar last summer, and has re-
mained there ever since; and some ten or twelve
votes were the most I could ever get to take it up
for consideration.
What else has been done? The Constitution
guaranties liberty of speech and freedom of the
press. The freedom of the press, which I had
been taught to believe was the palladium of our
liberties, and formidable only to tyrants, has been
overthrown; papers advocating certain views have
been denied circulation through the mails. All
this has been done under the plea of necessity,
which has been the tyrant's plea the world over.
We find here that the chosen men of the people
and the States, who are placed on the watch-
tower of liberty as defenders of the Constitution,
have so far failed to speak, as they should, in
trumpet tones against those who thus overthrow
the Constitution and the liberty of the people.
Would our fathers have thus acted ? No, sir, no;
they, as became the representatives of a great and
free people, would have spoken boldly and fear-
lessly in their places; they would have passed
their resolves in condemnation of this abridgment
of the rights of the people and this overthrow of
constitutional liberty. We, however, do not. I
made one effort, but it parsed unheeded. If God
spares me, I will try once more to get up the res-
olution to which I allude. For slighter viola-
tions of the constitution of Great Britain our Eng-
lish ancestors brought the head of one king to the
block, and sent another a wanderer and an exile
from his throne and his kingdom.
A wise man of Greece once said, that was the
best Government where a wrong done to the pooi-
est citizen was an insult to the whole State. Here,
in this once free, happy, and prosperous country,
we appreciated the maxim of the Grecian sage;
but now we see, with apparentindifference, many
of our most distinguished citizens seized without
warrant, without charge against them, torn from
their homes and families, hurried to distant pris-
ons, and there kept for months in close confine-
ment, all the time protesting their innocence, and
demanding a trial in accordance to the Constitu-
tion and laws of the country, which was refused
them. Some have been released, not by the law,
but by tho will of the usurpers who imprisoned
them; others still languish in the prisons, and
Congress has not dared to rebuke those who have
thus denied to citizens their constitutional rights.
The right of the people to keep and bear arms
is secured by the Constitution. The right to be
free from unreasonable seizures and searches is
declared. These rights have been disregarded.
Indeed, almost every one of the great privileges
which the Constitution declares belongs to the
citizen has been overthrown. Not content with
that, the astounding heresy is now avowed that
you must give up the entire Constitution and laws
of the United States and all the institutions of the
States to the will of the President and to his com-
manders, under this assumed power ta declare
martial law. In the name of the liberties of a great
people, in the name of the venerated Constitution
of my country, I, for one, protest against all these
things.
I know, Senators, that my loyalty to the Con-
stitution of my country has caused me to be sus-
pected of disloyalty to the Union of our fathers;
but I care not what suspicions may be enter-
tained, I, for one, while I am here, will speak what
I believe; I will utter language becoming a Sena-
tor representing a brave and a free people. I will
fearlessly utter my sentiments and denounce all
who endeavor to overthrow the Constitution of
my country, which they and I are bound by oath
to support, and I will let consequences take care
of themselves. I know that in these times, per-
haps it may be said that the very speech I have
made to-day i3 an evidence of treason. Sir, if
loyalty to the Constitution of my country be trea-
son, then am I a traitor. I have been loyal to that
Constitution as I understand it, and I understand
it only as our wisest and most illustrious fathers
interpreted it. I shall continue in my place to
denounce every encroachment on the Constitution
of my country, I trust always in a becoming man-
ner, and in such a way as not to exhibit any harsh
or acrimonious feelings towards Senators who
differ from me; but I mean in a manly, calm way
to denounce every encroachment on the Consti-
tution of my country and the liberties of the peo-
ple, let the consequences be what they may. If
I did less I should not discharge my conscientious
duty. I intend, above all things, to be on good
terms with myself; I will do nothing but what I
think is right. Doing that, I am willing to sub-
mit my action to the judgment of my countrymen.
In the present distempered state of thepublicmind
I will, I have no doubt, receive the harsh censure
of some; but in after time I expect my action to
be approved by those who love constitutional
liberty.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. W. P. CUTLER,
OP OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
April 23, I8G2,
On tlie bill (li. It- No. 106) to facilitate the suppression of
the rebellion and to prevent its return.
Mr. CUTLER said:
Mr. Chairman: In the preamble of the bill un-
der consideration I find the following weighty and
startling words:
'■ Slavery has causcd the present rebellion in the United
States, and there can ho no solid and permanent peace and
union in this Republic so long as that institution exists."
Sir, I believe these words are true. This con-
viction imposes upon me the duty not only of urg-
ing the President to use his power as provided in
the bill, but opens the whole field of inquiry as to
what policy is demanded to secure " solid and
permanent peace and union." I shall -therefore
address myself directly to the inquiry whether,
under the Constitution, Congress has amy right,
to interfere with the system of slavery in the
States.
I approach the subject with some reluctance,
because I have, up to the breaking out of this re-
bellion, held that slavery was a local affair, and
that Congress, having no rights over it, had no
duties to perform in the premises. But I have
always claimed that if the guardians of that insti-
tution, in their folly and madness, ever did suc-
ceed in giving it nationality, so that I should be
held responsible in any way for its future exist-
ence, it should have no mercy at my hands.
I am also compelled to approach this question
and look at it from the quietstandpoint of a plain
business man, making no pretensions to political
sagacity, having a thorough dislike for all politi-
cal strategy, and no taste whatever for the mere
agitation of any question. But I find a deep,
strong, and rapidly increasing under-current ot
thought and feeling among quiet, intelligent peo-
ple, running in the direction of a final and com-
plete solution of this question of slavery.
This inquiry has produced some agitation, and
may produce more. I have not in times past fur-
nished, nor do I expect in future to furnish, much
contribution to such agitation; but I must say
that of one thing I have as thorough a contempt
as is consistent with that courtesy I desire at all
times to extend to those who differ with me in
opinion. I allude to that kind of political man-
agement which seeks to control or suppress agi-
tation upon this subject by dint of hard names,
scornful epithets, and blustering threats.
I remember once to have read of an eastern
monarch marching at the head of the most nu-
merous army ever mustered, who was exceed-
ingly annoyed by the boisterous agitation of the
waves of the sea, which threatened to interrupt
his progress and defeat his plans. He resorted
to a pronunciamiento, and undertook to lecture
the sea into obedience. Now, in my humble
judgment, Xerxes made a great ass of himself, and •
lost some money, when he undertook to chain
down the sea. There are people to-day who are
attempting as foolish a task, and will some time
or other be crowned with the same honors. You
might as well read the riot act to a West India
hurricane as to attempt to scold the people of this
country into silence on any subject.
This agitation, sir, will never stop until this
whole question of slavery is settled m accordance
with the judgment and conscience of an intelligent
Christian nation. The short logic now running
through the minds of many people is this: sla-
very is the cause of this war; therefore slavery
must be destroyed.
It is quite evident that the mind of the Pres-
ident—with the simplicity,earnestness, and hon-
esty which characterize the man—is running in
the same deep and thorough channel. In his re-
cent message, he makes the " abolishment of sla-
very" a question of " self-preservation," and as
such commends it to Congress. As a faithful
guardian of the national life, he has uttered a
warning voice which it would be unwise, if not
criminal, to disregard. While he has shown a
proper deference to those interested, and sought
