1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
to volunteer and march elsewhere, leaving their
homes to the perils which would surround them.
I saict there was another motive for this organi-
zation. We have along the borders of Maryland
and Virginia two great thoroughfares—the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal, opening up communica-
tion between the coal regions of the Alleghanies
. and tide-water; and the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, running alternately in Virginia and Mary-
land, and opening a communication with the val-
ley of the Mississippi. We foresaw and provided
for the contingency, that at a day not far distant
these great thoroughfares would be opened to the
depredations of that population to which 1 have re-
ferred—the secessionists of Maryland and of the
adjoining counties of Virginia. "When the Army
murchcs forward—Godspeed the day—this corps
is organized to take their place on the border, that
no danger may be left in the rear. No military
commander will leave his rearunprotected; no mil-
itary commander will leave this large field in the
west and this line of communication liable to be
interfered with by the secessionists lurking in the
mountains, and thereby cutting off the means of
supply for the Array as it moves southward.
We want this force, then, for the triune purpose
of keeping in order these secessionists in Mary-
land, the keeping in order the negro population
of Maryland, and for the other higher purpose,
perhaps, of keeping open communication from
points herewith the valley of the Mississippi, over
which the large supplies for our vast armies here,
and as they march south, must necessarily be
drawn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I will yield to
the gentleman from Illinois to hearwhat he has to
say. He may make some remarks that will re-
quire a response from me.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 wish to make a few remarks;
but I supposed the gentleman from Maryland had
concluded.
I wish, Mr. Speaker, very briefly to urge, as
the same point is presented here, what I urged be-
fore with reference to this matter. The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Blair] says that if we con-
cur in this amendment, we shall be obliged to dis-
band a certain class of soldiers that we have bui
just now enlisted, and shall lose the expense of
their enlistment. Now, I have two things to say-
in reference to that, in the first place, I do in-
sist—and I state it hereon my responsibility as a
member of this body—that we have more soldiers
by thousands and tens of thousands than any-
body commanding them knows what to do with.
That is simply an i neon trove rtible fact that nobody
who understands the truth of the case will deny.
If Beauregard sends twenty thousand of his troops
to Kentucky, we have fifty thousand that we can
spare from over the Potomac to go and checkmate
them at any time; and the reason now urged for
not moving our troops at all is that they are so
numerous, that the machine is so cumbersome
that nobody can handle or manage it. I say, then,
that, even if this amendment would lead to the
disbanding of these troops—which it would not
do—we have still enough soldiers left to take their
places; and we had better disband them, and save
the further expense of supporting them, if we do
not really need them.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the reason alleged by gen-
tlemen for employing this peculiar class of sol-
diers, to wit, that they will light for their homesand
firesides more enthusiastically than they will fight
for anything else, may be a very good argument
in the mind of the Commander-in-Chief for em-
ploying them in Maryland, or in Missouri, or in
Kentucky, but it is no reason whatever for leav-
ing it in the power of these soldiers, when they have
reached the borders of Maryland, orMissouri, or
Kentucky, to lay down their arms and say that
their obligations cease when they reach their own
State lines.
Mr. Speaker, I never will consent to enlist any
soldiers in the Army of the United States whose
allegiance is bounded by State lines, or who adopt
that miserable, shameful, cowardly policy of neu-
trality, like stalwart sons standing by a mother
who is attacked by robbers and saying they are
going to be neutral in the fight. I will never vote
money to support any soldiers who thus owe a di-
vided allegiance, or whose allegiance and patriot-
ism are circumscribed by the boundaries of their
States,
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not ask the gentle-
man to vote for any such soldiers.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to say to the
gentleman from Illinois that he has made a most
unfair representation in regard to this matter, and
I am very much pained to be compelled to say so
to him. I do'not know and I do not think that
any man on earth knows a single soldier enlisted
on this condition in Maryland orMissouri who is
not as loyal to the Union as the gentleman is, or
any other man on earth. I must say that he does
not make a fair representation of the facts when
he says that these men's allegiance is bounded by
State lines. They go into the military service of
the Government, and as long as they remain in it
they stand precisely as other soldiers of the Uni-
ted States do; and when their services are no longer
wanted, they can be discharged from the service.
Mr. WEBSTER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, I desire to state a fact.
Forces organized in the State of Maryland under
the name of home guards are to-day doing service
in the State of Virginia—on the eastern shore—
withoutany objection on the partof the men thus
enlisted.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the leave of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, 1 desire to make a statement.
Mr. EDWARDS. I rise to a question of or-
der. I desired to make a very few remarks upon
this subject, but I was superseded by the gentle-
man from Maryland; and now 1 find that the floor
is being yielded to gentlemen all round the Hall.
I object to any further yielding, unless the gen-
tleman resigns the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will proceed. No objection was interposed when
the gentleman from Maryland yielded the fioor to
him.
Mr.LOVEJOY"? Iftheallegiance ofthesemen
is, as is claimed, universal, then why object to
this amendment? All that we are contending for
is that the allegiance and obligations of these men
shall not be bounded by State lines, but that these
soldiers shall be enlisted like any other soldjers,
and then they can be employed at the discretion
of the commander, whoever he may be.
I wish to impress upon the House, in the first
place, that we have a superabundance of troops.
I would that God in his providence would send
us some one to manage them, and I believe that
he will. I trust that he has done so in the present
Secretary of War. I have faith that he has raised
us up such a man. But we have more troops than
we can manage; and if a few should be dismissed
who will not come into the service on an equality
with the troops of other States, we can do without
them. If there is no such discrimination, then the
gentleman fioni Missouri and other gentlemen
cannot reasonably object to the amendment; for
all that it proposes is to place them on the same
footing as the soldiois fnun other States, and that
their first, supremo, and constant allegiance shall be
to that Govrnnfbnt which protects their homes.
Now, I thank the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Thomas] for his candor and truthfulness.
The fust reason he gives for the employment of
these troops is, that we want to put down seces-
sion, and, therefore, we must have these troops.
That I undeistand was the purpose of raising the
whole of this immense Army—to put down seces-
sion. Secondly, the gentlemen says that we must
have those home guards to put down the negroes,
to guard the negroes—in other woids, to guard
the""master in his unrighteous clutch upon the ne-
gro. Sir, I will not vote a cent, I will not vote a
man,for any such infamous anddevilish purpose
as that. Never. ThisArmy wasnotraisedtokeep
men in bondage. This Army was not raised to
guard the master while he scourges the slave.
This Aimy was not raised to hold the poor, tor-
tured woman while her naked flesh is being torn
by the accursed thong.
Mr. MALLORY. I call the member from Illi-
nois to order. I insist that it is unbecoming m
this Hall, Unbecoming the subject, and unbecom-
ing this nation, for gentlemen to rise here and de-
nounce a whole class of the population of this
country, as he has ]ust done. 1 arrest him for
ungentlemanly conduct.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I have yielded
for a long time, and very patiently, to the gentle-
man from Illinois, and at his request.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose that I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land yielded the floor to the gentleman from Illi-
nois,  nd has a right to resume it at any time.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Chair first decide
the question of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Illinois has a right to discuss any
general subject.
Mr. MALLORY. Is notlanguage such as that
used by him out of order on this floor?
The SPEAKER. Such discussions have been
indulged on both sides since the Chair has occu-
pied its position.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I insist on re-
suming the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I shall claim it when the
gentleman is through.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I was about to
say, Mr. Speaker, and I may, perhaps, say it
here very opportunely, that there is not.a mem-
ber on this floor who can say, I believe, what I
can utter, and I would not have uttered it but for
the extraordinary exhibition of the gentleman over
the way, [Mr. Loyejoy.] I am the son of a slave-
holder, and the grandson of a slaveholder. I have
lived from my boyhood to this hour in a slave-
holding community. I never have been willingly
the holder of a slave at any period of my life. I
can say more than that: that although I have had
a very limited income during my whole life, never
having had any aptitude for accumulating a large
estate, or any taste for the pleasures that grow
out of such accumulation, I have purchased and
have manumitted eleven human beings, who are
now as free as the gentleman from Illinois-.
I say again, that it is a miserable perversion of
my language to intimate that I had proposed a mili-
tary organization to prevent the slaves of Mary-
land from leaving their masters. That section of
Maryland which I happen to represent has very
few slaves within its bounds—very few. Out of
some ninety-three thousand of a population there
are not eight thousand slaves.
I spoke of this military organization having a
healthful influence on these eight thousand indi-
viduals, and also on another class. I am not to
be deteired and intimidated from declaring what
I believe; and I foresee, as all of us must foresee,
that when the Army marches south, and the own-
ers of slaves flee before it, leaving their slaves be-
hind them, those slaves, without masters, if left
withoutguides, withoutdirectors, will swarm into
the border States. We have sagacity enough to
foresee that thousands and hundreds of thousands
of that slave population me possibly to flock into
the border States. It is against that influx of an
army of ignorant, lll-tiamed negroes that I desire
to see my constituents guarded. Ifgentlemen from
other States are very fond of that class of people,
we will let them cross the narrow confines of Mary-
land and go to Pennsylvania, to Ohio, and to Illi-
nois; Kentucky will not object to that; Maryland
will not object to it. But if we are to have that pop-
ulation in our midst, while politicians are specu-
lating and guessing and conjecturing as to what
is to be the"final destiny of these negroes, are we
to have no guard, no protection against them?
Gentlemen may talk about the humanity of such
a proposition. It would be as reasonable to send
out into the wilds of Africa, and brUg in whole
ship loads of gorillas, man-monkeys, baboons,
and wild animals of the desert, and turn them
loose on the border States, and then deny to us
the privilege of arming, not to reduce them to sub-
jection, but to protect ourselves against their in-
surrectionary outbreaks; their fires by night and
their murders by day. I avow that that is the
object of the organization, until we shall, not by
wild declamation, but after a statesmanlike dis-
cussion of the question, have settled what is to bo
the destiny of this African tace. I maintain that
we of the border States, who are to receive the
first influx of that population, have peculiar in-
terests which justify our desire to be armed under
the authority of the United States, under the au-
ihoiiey of the Chief Magistrate of the United
States, under the command of the Commanding
General of the Army of the United States, I
think it not an unreasonable request to ask my
fellow members from other States to concede to
us this privilege. . . .
But, says the gentleman from Illinois, we have
already an abundant force; we have more men in
the field than we know how to dispose ofc I tee!
