1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
3TTH Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Eebel Property—Mr. Cutler.
Ho. op Reps.
their cooperation in any practical measure, it can-
not be supposed that he intends that a question
of self-preservation shall ever pass out of the
hands of the sovereignty whose life is endan-
gered—for to admit that each State, acting as
States, can control and finally determine a ques-
tion of life and death for the whole nation, is
simply absurd.
The question then is upon us, and while my
own views are quite decided,and have been formed
outside of the arena of prevailing agitation, I shall
present them with great diffidence, and in the
spirit of earnest inquiry as to what is the right
way, disclaiming all right or intention of speak-
ing for anybody but myself. I shall indulge in
an independent utterance upon the " v«xed ques-
tion,'* having a proper regard for differences of
opinion and a proper disregard for personal con-
sequences.
It cannot be denied that this general dread and
real abhorrence of slavery prevailing in the minds
of right-minded people is accompanied with the
feeling that nothing can be done to secure its final
overthrow without violating the Constitution of
the United States. I recognize this wide-spread,
universal regard for the Constitution as one of the
grand safeguards of national existence, and not to
bo lightly esteemed by those who give direction
to public opinion.
The inquiry therefore meets us at the threshold
of the discussion: does the Constitution, by a
fair construction of its powers, authorize or per-
mit such interference by Congress with slavery
as will lead to its ultimate extinction?
U is not simply in its property aspects that sla-
very is urged upon our most serious considera-
tion. The relation which that system bears to
our democratic institutions of government, the
effect which its existence has had and its contin-
uance will have upon their perpetuity, the antag-
onisms which naturally and necessarily flow from
that source, and, above all, the intimate and direct
connection between that system and the present
rebellion, furnish topics of serious inquiry, and
give rise to the question, still more serious, whether
the Constitution itself is competent to grapple with
impending dangers from this source and supply an
efficient remedy.
The inquiry, of course, must lead to an investi-
gation of the real merits of the system of slavery,
a careful consideration of its powerand tendencies
for mischief, and involves the right and duty of
Congress in the premises.
Without promising to pursue anything like
logical accuracy in the discussion,! offer the fol-
lowing propositions as a basis, and will attempt
to prove them sound;
1. It is the right and duty of Congress to de-
stroy every enemy that threatens the national life.
2. Slavery is such an enemy. Therefore it is
the right and duty of Congress to destroy slavery.
It will be conceded that our fathers, by the for-
mation of the Constitution, succeeded in creating
an absolutesovereignty for all purposes, expressed
in thcinstrumentitself. These purposes are clearly
set forth in the preamble in the following lan-
guage:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquility, piovide for the common defense, promote the
goneiaJ weltare, and secure the blessings of liberty to oui-
selves and our posterity, do oidain and establish this Con-
stitution for the United States of America."
Now, whatever other objects, purposes, or aims
the people may have had, it is absolutely certain
that unity,justice, domestic tranquillity,defense,
general welfare, and liberty, were intended to be
secured to themselves and posterity, by ordaining
and establishing the Constitution. These objects
became the law of the new being thus created. It
lives to secure them. A blow aimed at any or
all of them is a blow aimed at its own life. As
a sovereignty created for these objects, it has a
right to live.
This right to exist involves the right to destroy
enemies. If it has a right to destroy enemies,
there must be a corresponding right to discrim-
inate and determine who and what are or arc not
enemies. If this right of discrimination and de-
termination exists, it will hardly be denied that
Congress, acting in its coordinate capacity, is the
proper organ of the Government to exercise this
function.
I do not go to the preamble in search of a dis-
tinct grant of power. I go there to ascertain the
purposes for which the Constitution was formed.
1 assume that theGovernmentestablished by that
instrument is absolutely sovereign to carry out
and secure these purposes. To deny to a sover-
eignty thus formed the power necessary to carry
out and secure the purposes of its own creation,
really involves the absurdity of denying that it
is a sovereignty at all. I need not point out spe-
cific clauses, because self-preservation, or,in other
words, the carrying out and securing the purposes
of its own creation, is the aim, end, substance, and
fulfilling of the whole instrument.
No one, surely, can^ieny that the causes of the
present most wicked and outrageous rebellion,
which, thus far, has succeeded in destroying the
"unity" and "tranquillity" of the nation, are
proper subjects of inquiry and determination; and
if, upon such inquiry, it shall be found that sla-
very is its author—or if its identification with this
rebellion is such as to demonstrate its utter an-
tagonism with the purposes for which the Consti-
tution was formed—then it is not only the right
but the duty of Congress to take such measures
as it may deem proper for its destruction as a
public enemy. The safety of the people is the
supreme law, to which every interest, every in-
stitution, every man's life, even, must yield obedi-
ence.
But I am met.at this point with the objection
that slavery is guarantied by the Constitution—
that the web of its existence by some mysterious
process is so interwoven with the warp and wot)t
of that instrument that to touch slavery you de-
stroy the Constitution.
It is far from my purpose to enter into a nice
discussion of constitutional law, but rather to
state facts and to pursue those inferences which
seem palpable and open to the most slender com-
piehension. It is a fact that nearly all the con-
troversies which have hitherto prevailed on the
subject related to the extension of the system or
to the return of fugitive slaves. These contro-
versies are inapplicable to a proposition to destroy
the system, upon the ground that it is a public
enemy. Granting that the Constitution did guar-
anty the return of fugitive slaves, it docs not fol-
low that it undertook to keep up a supply of fugi-
tives. But wo may understand the subject better
by inquiring into the facts of tfie existence of the
system in this country, and may thus see whether
the Constitution is in any way responsible for it.
That slavery in this country had its origin in the
forcible abduction of its victims from a foreign
country, and that their bondage ensued as a usual
status of captives taken in war is tiue, but that
the persons now held in slavery arc captives taken
in war will not be claimed. The status of those
now held in slavery is determined by applying to
each individual an old heathen maxim, "partus
seqidturvenlrcm)"" the child follows the condition
of the mother." From whence is that maxim de-
rived? From a nation whom God in His wrath
has tried, condemned, executed, and buried out
of sight, mainly because it persistently applied
that maxim to crcatures boin in His image, thus
perpetuating a system which dishonored Him,
and more than anything else wrought out its own
national ruin.
Now,thisgreatnation,leadingthe van of Chris-
tian and democratic progress, digs out of the fire
and brimstone of Roman perdition this maxim,
makes it the very basis and foundation of a sys-
tem which dooms to slavery the laborers of halt
a continent, and then coolly throws the responsi-
bility of the abhorrent deed upon the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Now, let us see how
the case stands. The Constitution says, no per-
son shall be "deprived of liberty without due
process of law." This heathen maxim deprives
a whole race of liberty, and assigns as the only
reason, not that they are black, not that they are
captives, but that the mother was a slave. Here
is a direct, positive, fatal conflict with the Con-
stitution.
It may be claimed that this maxim has been
recognized by judicial and legislative action, and
has become the local common law of the slave
States. Grant thatfit is so. This assumption
relieves the Constitution of any paternity of the
system, and to this extent, surely, there is no
guarantee. No local or common law can repeal or
abrogate the Bill of Rights. More than this, the
heathen maxim—partus sequitur ventrem—works
a corruption of blood. Now, if there is any one
of the old feudal principles of despotism more
thoroughlycondemned andabhorredthan another,
this idea of corruption of blood is that one. It
was not only buried by common consent of the
Anglo-Saxon race, long before the formation of
the Constitution, but the possibility of its resur-
rection was forever precluded in that instrument;
and yet it is the very life, indeed the only blood the
system of slavery has in it.
So far is it from bcingtruethatslavery is based
upon the Constitution, it may be stated as a gen-
eral proposition, that neither the organic or statu-
tory laws of the slave States themselves undertake
to create the relation of master and slave, but treat
it as an existing fact. The constitution of Ken-
tucky, adopted in 1850, however, was probably
intended to form an exception to this rule. It is
there provided, (article 13, section 3:) '
"That ihe right of property is before and higher than any
constitutional sanction; that tlie right of th« owner of a
slave to such slave and its increase, is the same and as in-
violable as the right ot the owner of any propeity whatever."
There we have the higher law of slavery, some-
thing above constitutional sanction. The same
provision found its way into that graceless polit-
ical reprobate called the Lecempton constitution.
This is not so much an effort to create the insti-
tution, as it is an attempt to perpetuate a relation
alreadyexisting,and to withdrawitfrom the reach
of legislative and judicial interference. It is a con-
cise embodiment of the results of the system and
an indorsement thereof by the organic law. This
culmination of the slave theory, us stated in the
Kentucky constitution, did not satisfy its friends,
and hence the demand for what, was intended to
be a complete panacea for all its ills—the JDred
Scott decision. 1 have thus briefly stated the facts
relating to the vitality of slavery, and described
the thing which is claimed to be guarantied by
the Constitution.
Now, when I am daily met with the demand,
most vigorously and earnestly, and with apparent
sincerity made, that I shall live up to and respect
the guarantees of the Constitution in regard to
slavery*, I think I have a right to demand, where
arc those guarantees written in the instrument
itself? I do not want outside understandings or
conversations to be substituted for the text; but
where is it nominated in the bond that the sov-
ereignty created by the Constitution shall enforce
that decree of hell by which, with the brevity and
point of a thunderbolt, the child born in the image
of God is severed from the womb and consigned
to the stall of the brute? Give rac the text of the
organic law of this great nation, which sanctions
or enforces the robbery of cradles to supply sin-
ews for a toil creative of luxury for an oligarchy.
Where are we bidden to enforce a theory and to
protect an interest which declares itself to be above
all constitutional sanction?
I claim that the Constitution gives no guarantee
whatever for the existence of slavery, but that it
lives solely by its own local law, and that local
law is in palpable violation of the Constitution.
But I go further, and say that if the life of the
institution had been guarantied by the Consti-
tution, if it had drawn its life-blood from that
source, if it becomes a public enemy its right to
live is forfeited. I say this, because the condi-
tion of life for every being is, that it shall not use
its powers to strike down the life of its creator.
If it does, then its own life is forfeited. And I
venture to assert, as an historical fact, that no
proper judicial tribunal has ever considered and
decided the question, whether, under and by vir-
tue of the Constitution, a child born of a slave
mother can in consequence be held to service for
life; but, on the contrary, the courts have treated
the relation of master and slave as an existing
status, without having inquired into its right-
fulness.
It is therefore atleastan open question whether
there can be such a relation under the Constitu-
tion, or rather, whether the Constitution does not
sweep away every local law that is in direct con-
flict with its own provisions. And it was to avoid
this very question that slaveholding Senators re-
sisted a trial by jury of fugitive slaves. Mr. Ma-
