1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1635
if he docs not find protection, ho is at least tempted
with the indulgence of his appetites. He will fly
io the city of Washington, and, in the houses of
the multitude of his own color and class here, he
will find refuge, and live by idleness or by crime.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is the gentleman from Ken-
tucky willing that I should ask him a question?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr, HICKMAN. I wish to understand whether
it is the opinion of the gentleman from Kentucky
that because Maryland and Virginia ceded the
District of Columbia to Congress there was, un-
der that provision of the Constitution which gives
to Congress exclusive legislation over the District,
an implied understanding that thronghoutall time
the then existing institutions of Maryland and
Virginia should be continued in force, and that
Congress would have no right, or were morally
bound not to exercise that power guarantied in
the Constitution ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Chairman, my
opinion on that question is simply tins, that Ma-
ryland and Virginia made the cession without the
slightest thought or apprehension that slavery
would ever be abolished in the District of Colum-
bia, in the midst, as I may say, of both States
while they retained slavery. That is my opinion.
And is it not most natural that this should have
been the consideration given by the parties to the
subject? Abolition then scarcely existed in idea
among the people of the United States. It was not
apprehended. There was probably no thought of
it on either side. The ideas that governed all the
parties were of a different character.
Now, the question is whether, if the grantee
accepted this territory as a donation for an avowed
purpose, the Government can afterwards, without
a breach of faith, use it for another purpose, dis-
agreeable and obnoxious to the grantor? It seems
to me that there would be some breach of faith in
doing so. This is, however, an argument and a
statement that is familiar to you all, and I will not
press it.
You may produce much mischief by this meas-
ure. Whatis the good? Slavery has been, under
one influence or another, disappearing from this
District for years. It has been decaying and going
out. Your bill would not, probably, have a thou-
sand slaves to act upon. What, then, is the deep
anxiety to pass this measure? Why should Con-
gress,-at a time like this, devote its attention with
so much earnestness and apparently with so much
purpose, to this measure ? Let slavery alone. It
will go out like a candle. No disturbance will
follow it. No violation of public feeling will fol-
low. No apprehension will result from it. This
measure will create discontent among the people
elsewhere, and will lead them to consider it but
as an augury of what is to come afterwards. The
good you can do by it is little, is minute, in com-
parison to the great question involved.
Hut are the views of gentlemen limited merely
to giving to the slaves of this District the benefit
of the law? Those who urge it will have more
candor than to say so. They do not limit their
views merely to the locality of this District. No,
sir, it is the commencement of a great system; it
is the beginning, not the end. You try your
power here. You execute it here. This thing
done, it opens the prospect of further action, and
of further disturbance of the community. Hav-
ing done it here, where it involves, perhaps, in the
judgment of men, nothing but a mere question of
"good faith, the measure can be effected elsewhere,
where it will involve a question scarcely less vital
—a question of constitutional power. You are
trying yourstrength now. Youare piacticmg for
the greater combat. From this ground, occupied
as a sort of camp for the purpose, it is suspected
you intend to make war on the same institution
in the States.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that that appre-
hension will be increased by another thing, by
another consideration. This measure might be
of itself of but little significance, if H could be
entirely limited to the District of Columbia. If
that was to be " the be-all and the end-all" of it, it
might not be a thing worth debating. But, sir,
wo cannot avoid connecting it with the whole sys-
tem that has been presented to us here for the ab-
olition of slavery elsewhere. There are now on
our table from ten to twenty propositions of one
soit or another, all contemplating the confisca-
tion, or, in terms, the liberation of the slaves of
the people of the United States. This is one of
them. The publicmindcannotavoidmakingthe
connection. This is but one linkin the chain,and
a small one; but it is a link in the mighty chain
of measures which are in progress here now. It
is that which gives it its most disastrous effect.
You first attack in the weakest part of the line of
your opponents. You attack in the District of
Columbia. You carry your point here. That
gives you confidence and courage to attempt it
elsewhere. Regarding itasastepin the progress,
the people of the United States are alarmed at the
consequences which may result from it, not merely
the people of the South, but the people of the
North, who want to see this great Republic pre-
served m peace, and to see peace and justice going
hand and hand through every quarter of it. And
there are people who believe that the scrupulous
preservation of the Constitution, and the scrupu-
lous preservation of the country's good faith, to-
wards every State and every Territory, is the
best way of preserving the affections of the people
and of maintaining the integrity of the Union. Is
there not, then, danger that we create a feeling of
apprehension which will disturb our country—to
what extent we cannot imagine? The weary
rebels, who are now fainting under the defeats
i which our brave army has inflicted on them, will
feel a new desperation with every new assurance
that peace is to bring the spoliation of his prop-
erty ofalldcscriptions. Itwillinspire an instinct-
ive spirit of hostility and desperation. That is
the nature of man.
And will it not be said, Mr. Chairman, that we
arc taking advantage of the disturbed and dis-
tressed condition of the country, which has ban-
ished from this body, for a time, the Represent-
atives of ten States ? Will it r.ot be said that that
which your predecessors could not do, you now
do when the Congress and country are still muti-
lated, and when there is no entire repiesentation
of the people here? You take advantage of this
sort of interregnum in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to do what you would not be able to
do when the people of the United States wcie all
represented.
It seems to me, gentlemen, that the go^d in-
tended is very small, and not to be compared to
the mischievous consequences which may reason-
ably be apprehended. 1 am therefore opposed to
it. There is another principle applicable to this
bill that it seems to mo we ought not to pass by,
at any rate, without some reflection. There is a
question continually made, whether there can be
propeity in man. I do not intend to enter into the
discussion of any question of that sort. If there
can be property in man, all that there is valuable
in that property, the substance of that property,
is in the labor of the slave, is it not? That is all
the value there is in it. You cannot have more of
him. Whether you hire or whether you buy, that
is all the interest you can have in him. Those
who deny that there can be property in man can-
not deny that theie may be property in the ser-
vices of a man. You do not deny that there may
be property in the services of the man who is
apprenticed to you.
Now, whether the property be in man or in the
services of man, seems to me immaterial upon
any question whatever. It is not upon any nice
question of casuistry, nor upon any nice technical
question of law, that I desire to address this com-
mittee upon this bill. Here is by law, constitu-
tional law, a right given to certain States, and m
the District of Columbia, to the service of per-
sona whom they hold as slaves. To take that
fiom them is as little constitutional as it would be
to take from them any pioperty which they own.
Can you do it ? Can you do it in the face of that
I Constitution which deelan s that great important
English principle, that no man, no fi eeman, should
be depuved of life, liberty, or property, but by
the judgment of his pe< is, in accordance with the
laws of the land? What a mighty tower of sticngth
there is in this great principle. It is of more value
in the influence it exerts upon the minds of the
people than it is in the meic piotection it gives to
material pioperty. It is that, it is such like prin-
ciples, it is such like forms of law, it is such like
manly declarations of law, made by legislatorsand
by people, with arms in their hands, demanding
! their rights as we gained ouis, as the people ot
1 England gained Magna Chaita, replete with the
I wisdom of the people, that gives value to liberty.
It is by these principles that nations grow great
and are made free; every man asort of sovereign,
a king within a certain dominion, and that do-
minion is in the protection of his life and his
property, unless taken from him by the judgment
of his peers, or by the la r of the land.
No w, sir, does not this great principle strike our
minds when a proposition of this sort is made.*
You may reject the idea of property in man; you
may reject slavery in all its aspects and in all its
interpretations; let it be so. If it were an original
question proposed, you would have few, oppo-
nents; but it is here so blended with ou1* institu-
tions, so blended with the property of the coun-
try, blended with the domestic relations, with ail
the social relations of life where it exists, that you
not only take from a man his property by this
proposed law, but you tear to pieces the social
system which has been built up with it, of which
it forms a part, and a very material and charac-
teristic part.
Now, gentlemen, I do not wish to be understood
here as arguing this question as a lover of slavery;
not at all. I do not stand forward as the advo-
cate of it further than it is sanctioned by the laws,
the Constitution of my country, the rights of my
constituents, and of all else who in the Congress
of the United States I am authorized to legislate
for. If it did not exist among us, I dare say
there would be very few of us for its introduction
here. It would not have my sanction; but it is
here by law, which has been in existence for two
hundred years. Two centuries have given their
sanction to it; and is it not treating it very lightly,
in the light of the sanction of two centuries, to
raise the original question as to the invalidity of
slavery everywhere? As long as it exists here in
the shape in which it now exists, the only ques-
tion I desire to have with you, the only question
I desire to argue with you, is, whether these per-
sons arc not so far and m such character property
as to come within the protection of that Consti-
tution which says that no man who owns prop-
eity shall be deprived of it except by the judgment
of his peers and the laws of the land, or by due
process of law ?
Now what is " process of law?5' What is the
''judgment of his peers?" We all know what
these expressions are. They are legal terms. The
" peers" there alluded to are jurymen. The pro-
cess of law alluded to is, as defined by Coke and
every otherjunst, a judicial trial. That is the pro-
cess of law by which a man's property can be
taken fidm him.
I may not be correct in my application of this
great principle to this bill. I do not mean to state
anything further than my convictions authorize
me to do. I do not know that the question has
such application that it ought to stay our hand.
I confess I do not know how the argument that is
to be derived from this question of constitutional
protection is to be avoided. It is not an argument
against your power to do this thing so much as it
is an endeavor to call to your mind all theconsid-
etations which render this thing now injudicious
and hazardous; more so now than in any past time,
when there was reason enough in the opinion of
our predecessors for rejecting it.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have said more upon this
branch of the subject than I intended; but itis so
connected with that other question directly in-
volved in this measure, that I could not well com-
plete my argument without ad verting to it.
There are, as I have said, various propositions
before the House for the confiscation of property,
, including slaves; and another series of them for
direct manumission, or the liberation of slaves by
manumission. Now, the question is, whether we
have the power to do it ? VVe have declared over
and-over again, this Congress has declared more
i than once," with almost entire unanimity, that
! Congress had no power to interfere with slavery
i in the States; that it was a subject of local, do-
| mestic jurisdiction, that, with all other subjects of
. this class, it belonged exclusively to State author-
ity. Would you change thatgieat principle of our
Govern ment?
The General Government was to have and ex-
ercise only those groat national powers which
, were necessary to us as a whole community. The
! government of the States was left to the States.
] Their institutions, the management of their ser-
: vants, and all the relations of domestic life, were
I left to the States, and would you strike out that
