1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
principle? The regulation of this labor, of all
those relations which may exist by virtue of the
employment of labor, by hiring, or by buying, or
by apprenticing—everything of this sort of a local
character belongs to the local jurisdiction. Con-
gress has no right to interfere with it. It is a great
law of jurisdiction which renders this Government
tolerable. Congress would be entirely incompe-
tent to the exercise of this local jurisdiction; and
if they undertook to exercise it,they would doit
very unsatisfactorily. You have no power to in-
terfere with it in the States. How do you derive
that power? Where do we get the power to con-
fiscate or to liberate? It is not in the Constitution.
You yourselves have conceded that it was never
intended to be there; but that this power is in the
States alone. Yourselves have conceded that.
Now you are called upon to say by act of Con-
gress that this property, or these persons, that
these slaves, shall be emancipated.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. May I make an in-
quiry of the distinguished gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I make it that 1 may have the pleasure
of hearing him, and not to find fault with the
argument he is making. He has assimilated the
property of a master in the services of his slave
to the property of the master in his apprentice;
and so far as is necessary to test the legal princi-
ple he is discussing, it may also be assimilated
to the property of a parent in his minor child.
Now, the inquiry I wish to make is this: sup-
pose that at the time of taking a statutory appren-
tice, or at the time of the birth of a child, the age
of majority for the child and the expiration of
the apprenticeship is fixed by the law of this
District, or of any of the States, at the age of
twenty-one years; and suppose the State, or the
Legislature of this District, in the exercise of mu-
nicipal legislation, should change the law so as to
terminate the minority and the apprenticeship at
eighteen instead of at twenty-one years, and thus
should take from the parent and from the master
three years of service, would that be a depriving
the citizen of property without due process of law,
within the meaning of Magna Charta or of the
Constitution of the United Slates? Is not the prop-
erty in these personal relations within the full
control of the municipal legislation of every su-
premo legislature?
Mr. CHITTENDEN. It seems to me the gen-
tleman's whole proposition would be answered by
my saying to him that the United States have no
right to prescribe any age of majority—the States
have; and the States have a right to dispose of
slavery as they please.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Permit mo to say a
word.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am willing to yield all
courtesy to the gentleman from Ohio, but I find
if I do not go on that I shall be taken out of my
course, and my time will be consumed.
War is supposed to give us this power, which
peace does not. The Constitution denies it in time
of peace. That I may assume as granted by all—
that there is none so bold to deny it. But the state
of war is supposed to give the powerto Congress.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that the Constitu-
tion is an utter fallacy, or that it is the same to-
day and to-morrow, in peace and in war. It was
made for peace and for war. It was made, as Mr.
Madison says, for duration, for all time, so far as
human hands could aspire to make a work that
should be perpetual. It would have been imper-
fect if it had not. It has that power which pio-
hibits it in time of peace to emancipate slaves in
a State. Can that power rise up out of any state
of things against the Constitution? The Consti-
tution gives you a right to make war, and the Con-
stitution gives you impliedly all of the powers
incidental to it. The war power, as it may be
called, gives you that. Does it include a power
hostile to theConstitution itselP Thatwould have
been a strange harmony, indeed. No, sir; all
must harmonize with the Constitution.
There are some gentlemen, sir, who seem to
me to think that no war measure can be of suffi-
cient energy that does not find its beginning and
source somewhere outside of the limits of theCon-
stitution. But the Constitution is a tame, sober
instrument that yields nothing to peace, or to war.
It has no sensations. It has no enthusiasms. It
is a calm, steady, cold rule of the Governmental
all times, through the night and through the day,
through storm and sunshine, through peace or
war. That is what it is. It does lack those sen-
sations which we have in a high degree. They
seem to think that sojfie portion of these unconsti-
tutional enthusiasms must come into a war meas-
ure to give it efficacy and force. Not a bit of it.
Mr. Chairman, the Constitution is our strength.
It warms the heart of the people, and it is their
defense and protection. What has filled the fields
with six hundred thousand men in arms in op-
position to this rebellion? It is the Constitution,
the bond of freemen, the bond of a free Govern-
ment. Let that admonish us that our strength is
in the Constitution, and that it is not in the sen-
sation sort of measures which we attempt some-
times to get up here as more forcible than the Con-
stitution. It is not the phantasy nor the chimera
which politicians may delight in. But what do
the people delight in ? What makes them rush
to battle and to lay down their lives to preserve ?
It is the Constitution. It is known to the people-
known to their wives and to their children. It is
the heritage of the poor man, that puts him upon
an equality in point of rights under the laws with
the highest and most aristocratic in the land. It
is our spear and shield. It is our strength. It is
that which has guided our Army and enabled it
to overpower all who opposed it. That is your
strength; never let it go. The more faithfully you
adhere to it, the more constantly you worship it,
and show by your acts that you will do nothing
not warranted by it, the more you will have the
favor and confidence of the people, and the more
the Government will have strength. All outside
is mere aberration, all outside is delusive—there
is no strength in it. Adhere to that as the line of
our policy. Allow of no policy, indulge in no
practice that shall take you beyond the limit of
your power. That limit of your power is the land-
mark of the rights and privileges of your constit-
uents. Its limit to-day protects me. You may
struggle against its limits. We as legislators may
struggle against the limits that constrain us, but
they defend the limits which protect the inter-
ests and the rights of the people. Whenever you
enlarge your powers by going beyond the Con-
stitution, you diminish their rights or enlarge
their rights. The people are for the Constitution
whether you are or not, and we must all thank
lleaven that it is so.
Mr. Chairman,! have but little more to suv,
and but a little tune to say it in. Other measures
aieproposed. You propose the confiscation of all
of the property of rebels, theiraiders and abettors.
Let me ask gentlemen to consider for a moment
what is the extent of this rebellion ? What is the
number of people who would be included in this
proscription? The rebels, their aiders and abet-
tors in ten States of the Union, who would that
include? Who should be considered by legal in-
terpretation as aiders and abettors? All who have
paid taxes? All who have made contributions to
support the rebellion? All who have taken up
arms, or all who have given aid and comfort to
those who have taken up arms in support of the
rebellion? How many would that leave? Too
many, I fear, Mr. Chairman, have voluntarily
taken part in the rebellion; many have taken part
through intimidation; many through fear; many
not knowing what else to do. Here is a plain man,
not versed in public, affairs, knowing that his State
took a particular direction, finding the secession-
ists usurping the State under the forms of law, and
prescribing his duty. He is incapable of arguing
these questions with the leaders of the rebellion.
Shall he be included? You take the principal and
his aiders and abettors. You include all; you
include ten States. The exceptions will be but
vci y few, if you consider who are the principals
and who the aiders and abettors of this rebellion.
Here are these ten States, and by your law of
confiscation you proscribe man, woman,and child.
As my honorable friend from Mass:ichusett [Mr.
Thomas] said yesterday, you take no notice of
any discrimination in the guilt of those parties.
He who tempts and he who has been tempted
! stand upon an equal footing. Your justice does
j not stop; your vengeance, at least, does not stop,
I to make a'discrimination. A promiscuous, a uni-
S versal decree of proscription goes forward, and all
I arc impoverished, and all are stripped of every
| particle of property. What a measure it is. There
! is nothing human in it butits presumption. Who
| ever heard of a human decree before that should
I strip of all the comforts of life, which should strip
of all the means of subsistence, which should strip
of clothing and of bread, five millions of people,
in a bill of one section? Did ever human presump-
tion and human crime rise higher than that? Gen-
tlemen will not do it, upon reflection. I mean no
reproach when I speak such things. I address
my argument to the measure. Gentlemen must
have different views of it altogether from what I
have; they have not looked at it in the light 1 have,
or it is impossible that the measure should remain
one moment before the House. The whole his-
tory of mankind does not furnish anything like
it. Such a decree of proscription was never be-
fore issued by any human authority. No plague,
no pestilence, which ever descended upon man-
kind, has ever wrought such mischief as this
would. But this is our wisdom; this is our mod-
eration; this is the wisdom and moderation with
which we would invite back to the Union our
erring, our guilty brethren, who have been en-
gaged in rebellion against the best Government on
earth. We arc trying to get them back, and we
are wooing them m this way. The lion has a way
of wooing his mate, and this must be somewhat
in the order of that sortof wooing. You woo him
back, and tell him come back, and what do you
do ? Is there anything of that forgiveness which
the prodigal son received; anything of that rejoi-
cing which welcomed his return. " Is there any-
thing of that sort in store for me?" he says. " I
have been guilty; I desire to return to the bosom
of my country; 1 have seen the folly of my ways,
and 1 wish to come back, and will you not allow
me, will you not invite me ?" "Oh, yes, we will;
we are willing to have peace, but we must first
strip you before you come back of all you have;
we must take from you your bread and the bread
of your wife and children;" and we take away at
one time, at one moment, and by one decree, all
the means of subsistence, and all the property, of
five millions of people, male, female, children,
adults, and all.
Such is the bill. To inquire whether such a
measure is against the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, would seem to bo mockery. Such a
measure is against the very instincts of mankind;
against the lessons of human policy; against all
lessons of Christianity and humanity. Why in-
quire whether it is against the Constitution of the
United States? God and man, so far as I can read
them in history, have forbidden it; and 1 think
that, as I have read it, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States has also forbidden it. The Constitution
of the United States has divided the powers of this
Government into three departments, the legisla-
tive, which we are, the judicial, and the executive,
and neither of these are to execute the powers
distributed to either of the others. Here is the
great division,and here is the greatsecurity—the
legislature to make the rule, the judiciary to admin-
ister, and the President to execute it. Such is our
system. You destroy that system by this meas-
ure. You pass your bill of confiscation; you send
forward your own commissioners to carry the law
with them, and they, like the ministers of venge-
ance, follow in the rear of this bill, and bring up
the rear of your vengeance by seizing and con-
fiscating without the authority of any judge or
jury all this property.
Now, I say the Government has forbidden the
exercise of this power of confiscation. The Con-
stitution says you shall pass no bill of attainder.
It was enough to mankind that this word should
find a place in the Constitution of the United
States. What is this bill but a bill of attainder?
You apply it to those you consider as criminal,
those engaged in rebellion, their aiders and abet-
tors, and you punish the crime by declaring a
confiscation of their property. You pass your
judgment, and send your own officers to execute
it. "That is a bill of attainder. The Constitution
did not use the word in any technical sense. We
should abuse the power of construction by refus-
ing to consider this as the enunciation of a great
pnnciple; and that principle is, you are too pow-
erful, by the legislative power which is given to
you, to have also added to you the power of judg-
ment. You cannot administer your own laws.
That would make you a despot. You shall only
pass laws, and those laws shall undergo the su-
pervision and judgment of the judicial tribunal
before they reach the people.
That is the security between your powers and
the rights and safety of the people. Do you not
