1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
arc to be given by the Departments to the warden
from time to time upon his request; the shoes to
be paid for by the Departments ordering them at
the customary rate for shoes of like quality.
The second section provides that all prisoners
that are or may hereafter be confined in the pen-
itentiary for a term of years, who conduct them-
selves so that no charge for misconduct shall be
sustained against them, shall have a deduction of
one month in each year made from the term of
their sentence, and shall be entitled to their dis-
charge so much the sooner, upon the certificate
of the warden of their good conduct, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HALE. I agree to the provisions of this
resolution, but I will suggest to the chairman if
he has considered whether it is a constitutional
enactment by which Congress undertakes to re-
move the penalty inflicted by the judgment of a
court. The Constitution, I think, confines it ex-
clusively to the President,and it seems to me that
the pardoning power is with him. I have not ex-
amined the subject, and 1 want some one who has,
to give me an opinion upon it. That is the way
it strikes me.
Mr. CLARK. It struck me on reading this
joint resolution that it certainly was a very singu-
lar one in both its provisions. I suppose it has
been considered carefully by the Committee on
the District of Columbia, but I desire to call the
attention of the able chairman of that committee
to it. It seems to me—though perhaps 1 ought
not to say it—that he has not exercised his usual
judgment on this subject, or else he must have
very different notions from what I have in regard
to it. It provides for the taking of the manage-
ment of the penitentiary out of the hands of the
Secretary of the Interior, where it should properly
be, and dirccts the warden to go on and make
shoes for the Army. But suppose the Army can
get their shoes of a better quality somewhere else;
should they not be allowed to do so?
Mr. GRIMES. This does not deny them that
privilege.
Mr. CLAR.K. The chairman says this does
not deny them that privilege; but I ask him to
look at the provision and see how it is drawn. It
says on the requcstof the warden they shall give
him an oider for shoes, whether they want tiiem
or not. He is to go to the War Department or
the Navy Department and say he wants an order
for the making of shoes, and they are obliged to
give him an order. Let me read it; and I call the
attention of Senators to it: " orders for which
shall be, by said Departments,given to the warden
from time to time upon his request." I would
leave the War Department and the Navy Depart-
ment at liberty to order their shoes when they
want th^m; and I would let them get them any-
where elsH. I do not believe it is sound discretion
in Congress to undertake to interfere with the
management of that prison. We should leave it
to the Secretary of the Interior, who is always
here, and who will have the management of it,
and do it very much better than we can. I have
no doubt, if they find it necessary and beneficial
to the Government to make shoes, they will make
them; but I would not direct them to do it. I do
not believe the chairman of the committee has con-
sidered this subject so well as he considers a great
many measures; and I desire to ask him if he has
turned his attention to the second section, which
undertakes to do precisely what my colleague says:
pardon pro tanto a criminal there.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to be perfectly frank
about the resolution, and in doing so I will state
that, individually, I never was in favor of the pas-
sage of the first section. I have reason to know
thai the resolution was drawn at the Interior De- j
partment,and that its passage has been sought by j
the Secretary of the Interior, of course with the !
best of purposes. It never occurred to me that it !
was good policy to require either the Department
of the Army or the Navy to take their shoes in
the way the resolution specifies; but I reported
this resolution in obedience to the instructions of
the committee.
In regard tothesecond sectional entertain none
of the doubts that seem to be entertained by the
two Senatois from New Hampshire. I know
that such a system prevails in a great many
States of the Union; it does in Ohio; it does in
Iowa; t think, too, in Indiana—and with the
most beneficial results.
Mr. WRIGHT. Most excellent.
Mr. GRIMES. "Most excellent" results,
says the Senator from Indiana, who was for many
years Governor of that State. I never heard any
doubt of the constitutional power of the Legisla-
ture of a State to say, when a man is sent to the
penitentiary and behaves perfectly unexception-
able, that there shall be deducted from his term a
certain number of days as an inducement to him to
behave well and work well while he is there. It
is no pardoning power; but it is a curtailment of
the judgment of the court. It may be that act-
ing retrospectively, it may infringe the Constitu-
tion; but certainly it does not prospectively; and
that was the purpose of the resolution. I do not
know exactly how it was drawn; the fact islam
not responsible for the phraseology of the reso-
lution.
Mr. HALE. Upon hearing the Senator, I think
he is right. If it is made a prospective law I
have no objection to it; but it is obnoxious to
censure, so far as it relates to those now in prison.
It now reads " all prisoners that are or may here-
after be confined in said penitentiary."
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know but it may be
obnoxious to the charge.
Mr. HALE. I will move to amend the reso-
lution in the second line of the second section by
striking out the words "are or," so that it will
read, " that all prisoners that may hereafter be
confined in said penitentiary," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. It is proper that I should state
to the Senate what is the condition of things in
regard to the work in the penitentiary. For some
considerable time the convicts have been employed
in the manufacture of shoes that are suitable for
supplying the Army. The Army has procured
a good many of them. I understand they are of
unexceptionable quality. I have a communica-
tion in my possession from the chief clerk, I think,
of the Bureau of Clothing in the War Department,
saying that the articles they manufactured for sup-
plying the Army have been as good as they could
procure anywhere else. The warden of the pen-
itentiary, supposing he would be able to make sale
of the shoes that were manufactured by the con-
victs, has gone on and employed all the labor that
was possible for him to employ in that particular
way. He has exhausted all the means of the pen-
itentiary in the procurement of leather to be man-
ufactured into those shoes; and now both the Army
and Navy Departments decline to receive any more
shoes, but choose, on the other hand, to make
large contracts with manufacturers in other sec-
tions of the Union and allow these shoes to re-
main on hand. The committee addressed an in-
quiry to the Quartermaster General, asking why
he was unwilling to take these shoes from this
branch of the Government at the same rate he was
paying for shoes elsewhere, and they received no
reply.
Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps he had a contract.
Mr. GRIMES. He had a contract for a given
number; but he had not necessarily a contract for
enough to supply the whole Army. He could
have taken these three or four thousand pairs 6f
shoes and deducted them from the-amount that he
would have advertised for in his next succeeding
contract, if he had been disposed to assist in the
operations of a coordinate branch of the Admin-
istration. That was no excuse, though, for not an-
swering our letter. A similar inquiry was ad-
dressed" to the War Department, and no reply was
received from that Depaitment. Under the cir- ;
cumstances, the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia undertook to report it to the Senate, and
they recommend that it should pass. These are
all the facts in regard to it.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Iowa has
stated nearly all that I wanted to say on this sub-
ject. I was in favor of a resolution < f this kind.
I have not seen the resolution as it is drawn, and
I do not know that it meets the object intended;
but I do not see any reason why the Government
should not take these goods off the hands of this
coordinate bianchof the Government. They have
given us no reason why they should not. ft is
proved that these shoes are made asch^ap as they
can get them anywhere else, and are as good, and
even better. 1 believe it is admitted that they are
better than they can getanywhere else. The ward-
en having this leather on hand, and having these
convicts engaged in the business, they have ac-
cumulated until he has" no room" to ^towthem iti;'
and yet the Department will go anywhere else-
and make contracts and take'them from aftybad^
else,.and refuse to take these, which, irj fact', be-:
long to the'Government. I was unable to seeriny
good reason for it. They refused to give fis'arfjr
reason for it, and'I was in favor of a resoltitionto
compel them to take them, for really they belong*
to the Government, and I cantiot see why they,
cannot use these as well as to go on contracting-'
with others. There can be no good reason given.
It may possibly be that this resolution is not
worded so as to meet this exigency do not know
that it is; but I believe the thing is right in itself,
and I hope it will pass in a shape to answer the
purpose.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I agree most
fully in the proposition of the Senator from Iowa
in relation to the reduction of the time of the im-
prisonment of a convict for his good behavior. It
lias been found to operate very well in Indiana.
My object, however, in rising to make a remark
on this subject is, to call the attention of the Stri-
ate to another provision that I think should be'
made, which, if adopted in the penitentiary of the
District of Columbia, the only institution of the
kind under the control of the General Govern-
ment, would have an immense effect as an exam-
ple upon the States. We have not less than
twenty thousand convicts in the different State
prisons. One of the best prisons in Europe,, un-
der the management of the Government of Prus-
sia, has a feature that is not in any of our prisons
in America, and which I should like to see in-
grafted upon them. I can assure Senators, after
having taken some interest in this subject in my
State for eight years, for in that State the Gov-
ernor has a general control of the prisons, I
watched very closely the workings of the prin-
ciple to which I refer; and I should like to have
this bill recommitted for the purpose of having it
ingrafted on the penitentiary here for the sake of
its influence upon the States,
The King of Prussia butseldom pardons a con-
vict. It is very rarely that a man is pardoned. A
majority of them serve three years, and many of
them ten years. At the end of a convict's term
there, instead of adopting the policy that we have
in most of the States, of giving him the proceeds
of his labor, or, as they do in some of the States,
giving him ten dollars or fifteen dollars and a suit
of clothes to go home in, nothing is given to.the
prisoner except what will take him home. In
one instance there, a convict who had labored
eight years had earned over $600. Not a cent of
the money is paid to the convict until he returns
to the place where he was convicted, and the judge
who sentenced him certifies, say in six months,
twelve months, or two years, that he has become
a good citizen and obedient to the laws, and kind
to his family, and then the money is paid to him.
I should like to see this principle ingrafted on the
penitentiary here under the control of the General
Government. It would be an inducement to the
convict not only to labor during his term, butalso
an additional inducement to reform and become a
good citizen, if he knew that in case the court that
sentenced him, gave him a certificate of good char-
acter, the money he had earned would be refunded
to him. I should like to see this bill referred back
to the committee, in order that they may amend
it so as to ingraft this principle upon the peniten-
tiary here. I am riot aware of any that have this
piinciple except t.he prisons of Prussia, and there
it works to a charm. It is an inducement to the
convict to labor and reform. I am aware that "we
have very good regulations, but there is no State
in the Union that I am aware of that has such a
regulation as I have stated, requiring,that.the
money should be held until the convict had re-
turned to the neighborhood in which the offense
was committed, and after a certain length of time
received a certificate from thejudge who had sen-
tenced him of his good behavior, and then returned
to him.
Mr. CLARK. I think it may be said to be evi-
dent, from what is said by the Senator from Iowa,
that this is a contest between the Interior De-
partment and the War Department. I understand
him to say that the resolution is drawn by the In-
terior Department, or at their suggestion. It would
seem, then, if that be so, that the Interior Depart-
ment is Hying to compel the War Department to
buy the shoes that they have manufactured. I
