1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
illations,'not less than fifty dollars, as the Secretary of the
Treasury,with the approbation of the President of the United
States, may determine upon; or wheic any creditor of the
floating debtot the United States, in any sum ofnotless than
$2,500, bping a citizen or subject and re&ident of any foreign
country shall demand it, said bonds shall be issued to such
creditor, the principal and inteiest theiem being expressed
in the cunency of any foreign country, and payable there:
Provided, however, That none of said bonds shall issue ex-
cept at their par value; and to such creditors of the floating
debt of the United States as shall elect to receive them in
satisfaction of their demands : Provided further, also, That
theclaimsanddemands of such creditors shall,in all cases,
have been first-audited and settled by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury.
Sec. 4- *dnd be it farther enacted, That the United States
notes and bonds authorized by this act, or that have been
heretofore authorized, shall be signed by the Treasuier of
the United States, or lor the Treasurer by such persons as
may be specially appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury
for Mich pui pose, and shall be countersigned by the Register
of the Tieasury, or for the Register by such persona as the
Secretaiy of the Treasury may specially appoint fot such
purpose; and all the provisions of the act entitled " An act
to authorize the issue of Treasury notes,5' approved the 23d
day of December, 1857, so far as they can be applied to this
act,and not inconsistent therewith, arc hereby revived and
reenacted; and the sum of $300,000 is hereby appropuated,
out of any money in the Tieasuiy not otheiwi&e apprupii-
ated, to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to carry this
act into effect.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Ohio, I desire to
submit, for the same purpose, the following, which
I propose to offer, at the proper time, as a substi-
tute for the whole bill:
A bill to authorize an issue of six per cent, bonds, and an
issue of Treasury notes, and for the funding theicof, and
of the floating debt of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
tor the purpose of raising money for the prosecution of the
war, and for other purposes heieinafter specified, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue, on the credit of the United States, Coupon bonds or
registeied bonds to an amountnot exceeding $500,000,000,
to bear date of tlje 1st day of January, 1862, and payable at
the office of the Assistant Ticasurer, in the city of New
Yoik, in thirty-one years from date, or at such time or times
as they may be retiied by the operations of a sinking fund,
as hereinafter provided, but redeemable at the pleasuie of
the Government of the United States after twenty years
shall have elapsed from their date; said bonds to hear in-
tciest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually, at the office of the Assistant Tieasurer, m the
city of New York. And said bonds maybe of such denom-
ination, not less than twentj-five dollais, as may be deteim-
ined upon by the Secretary of tbeTieasuiy. And ifdeemed
expedient, the Secretary may issue bonds, as hereby author-
ized, the principal and interest wheieof, to an amount not
to exceed $250,000,000, may be expressed in the currency
of any foreign country, and payable therein. And the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may sell or exchange such bonds for
the lawful money of the United States, or for thecuirency
or credits of the associated banks of the cities of New Yoik,
Boston, and Philadelphia, at any pace which will not yield
the puichaser a rate of interest greater than seven percent,
pei annum upon the amount of principal expressed m said
bonds.
Sec. 2. Be it fmthqr enacted, That upon the issue and
sale of any bond or bonds issued in pursuance of this act,
and at the date of such issue and sale, theie '-hall be set
apaitfoi the redemption of such bonds, a sinking fund, equal
to one percent, of the amount of principal of bond** issued,
winch sum, so !-et apart, may, in the fust instance, be a por-
tion of the proceed* aiismg from then sale; and theieafter,
to wit, on the 1st day of Januaty and the 1st dav of July ot
each year, and until'thc final payment in full oi the bonds
issued by virtue of this act, there shall be set apart and paid,
without expense, to said sinking fund, and as a part thereof,
from any money in the Treasury not otheiwise appropri-
ated, a sum equal to one half of one per cent, of the
amount of principal of all such bonds issued, unless the
same shall be canceled in some other manner than that pro-
vided for in this act; in which case the sumsemi-annually
set apart to said sinking fund shall be equal to one per
cent, per annum of the amount of principal of*aid bonds
outstanding; and the said sums leserved and set apart at
the sales of said bonds, or that shall be paid over semi-annu-
ally, as provided, shall be invested m the bonds issued by
vntue of this act, and the bonds shall be purchased by the
Secretary of the Trcasuiy (except in the fiist instance) m
upen market, or in such manner as the Secretary may deem
best for the public interest—hut not by lot—which bonds so
purchased shall have wnttenor printed upon them the fol-
lowing inscription: 'kThis bond having been set apart by
operation of the sinking fund heieby established, is held a*
an investment of said sinking fund, and this inscription is
intended as full notice thereof, and that the same is can-
celed, except for the purposes of said Milking fund.115 And
the Secretary of the Tiea«ury is hereby authorized and re-
quired to pay to said sinking fund the interest ansing on all
the bonds held for the smkingfund according to their tenor,
which payments shall inure to the benefit of and be added
the amount of the sinking fund, and shall continue till
said bonds are retired by the operation thereof; and Con-
gress may, from time to time, provide by appointing com-
missioners,or otherwise,for the management ot said sink-
ing fund, and may have full control and supervision of the
same, but shall not reduce or change the amounts to be paid
to the same, either of principal or inteie&t or mode ot in-
vestment; and the faith of the Government is hereby sol-
emnly pledged to the punctual payment of the semi-annual
installment ot principal and lntei est to this fund.
Src.3. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That in place of issuing
the whole amount of bonds hereby authorized, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury he, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue, on the ciedit of the United States, and sell at their
par value, for the lawful money of the United States, or
use the same at their par value in the payment of claims
against the United States, growing out ot any contracts
to$ materials that have been or may be made by the sev-
eral Departments of the Government for the prosecution
of the war, or otherwise, or in payment of personal ser-
vice in whatever capacity rendered, notes to the amount of
$200,000,000, payable in one year from their date, at the
office of the Assistant Treasurer in the city of New York,
not beaiing interest, and of a denomination not less than
five dollars. But the amount of notes so issued shall not,
in the first instance, exceed the sum of $200,000,000; nor
thcieaftei the amount of the estimated revenues from all
sources (except impost duties) payable within the year for
which said notes shall be issued; and said notes shall bear
the following inscription : " This note is issued in anticipa-
tion of. and is receivable lor, taxes assessed and to be as-
sessed tor the support of the Government, and to be can-
celed and discharged upon its payment into the Treasury,
or on its conversion into six per cent, bonds, as hereby au-
thorized." And in placeof such notes, or any part thereof,
the Secretaiyof the Tieasury is authorized to issuenotesor
the United States, payable in peiiods of not less than one
jear from the date thereof, and beaiing an interest not ex-
ceeding two and a half pei cent, per annum; and the holder
of any of the notes hereby authorized, whether bearing m-
teiest or not, and whether due at the time or not, may con-
veit the same into the bonds hereby authorized to be is-
sued, and beaiing an interest at the rate of six percent, per
annum, in sums of twenty-five dollars, or of any multiple
theieof. And in case of such conversion the holder or hold-
ers of such notes shall advance to the Government the
amount of the semi-annual interest next falling due on the
bond or bonds they may receive, unless such conversions
bear the date of the day at which the Interest on the bonds
falls due ; and upon such conveision the notes received in
exchange for the bonds issued shall be canceled ; but the
Secrctaiy of the Treasury may issue new notes, with or
without interest, as provided, to an amount equal to the es-
timated amount of the uncollected taxes or revenues out-
standing at the time, except impost duties, but not to exceed,
at any ono time, the amount hereby provided, and not to
exceed, with the six per cent, bonds issued, the sum of
$500,000,000.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM addressed the com-
mittee for an hour^on the subject of the bill and
amendment. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Before he had concluded,
Mr. BINGHAM desired to interrupt him.
Mr. YALLANDIGI-IAM. I will yield to my
colleague if the committee will extend my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has 110 power
to extend the gentleman's time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not wish to interfere
with the course of my colleague's remarks; but I
should like very much to be permitted to make a
remark just there.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I cannot yield un-
less my time is extended.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to ex-
tending the time of the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. EDWARDS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I should not be disposed to
make a single exception to the rule. I know, how-
ever, that an hour is a short time in which to dis-
cuss a matter of this kind; and I propose that by
unanimous consent, until this subject is exhausted,
each gemleman, if he chooses, may be allowed an
hour and a half.,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope that prop-
osition will be acceded to.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
proposition ?
Mr. EDWARDS. I object.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw his objection to that prop-
osition. This is a special order; it is not general
debate, but is confined to this particular subject.
I hope we may be permitted to have an hour and
a half speeches.
Mr. EDWARDS. I cannot consent to with-
draw my objection.
Mr. HOOPER. The unusual exigencies of the
country require that we should look for other and
deeper sources of revenue than any to which we
have heretofore been accustomed. We are con-
tending for the maintenance of the Government,
for the preservation of the Union, and for the en-
forcement of the laws, on which depend the exist-
ence as well as the security of property.
To insure our success 111 this contest, great and
unusual exertions have already been made. An
enormous Army, a powerful Navy, with vast
stores of artillery and ammunition, have been
created. In providing for the sustenance, com-
fort, and equipment of this Army and Navy, the
Government have been obliged to incur expenses
far exceeding 111 magnitude any which have been
hitherto known in our history. To continue them
in their present state of efficiency, larg-e additional
sums must be expended; and it now becomes the
duty of Congress to devise methods by which
these sums can be obtained with the least hardship
to the people and the least risk to the credit of the
Government.
In considering the means by which this is to be
effected it must be remembered that it is hardly
possible for the Government to raise money for
any purpose without occasioning some inconven-
ience to individuals. To oppose necessary meas-
ures, therefore, simply upon the ground that it
will injuriously affect this class or that class of
the people is unreasonable. Parties interested
may endeavor to show that the same objects can
be effected with less hardship than by the meth-
ods proposed, or may endeavor to alleviate any
objectionable features so far as may be consistent
with the attainment of the desired end; but they
should always remember that the end aimed at
must be attained; that its attainment will require
individual sacrifices in some form, and that it is
the part of wisdom, of patriotism, and of discre-
tion to submit to such necessary sacrifices cheer-
fully when called upon; and not by their opposi-
tion attempt to excite popular clamor and weaken
public confidence in the Government to which
they are indebted for the safety of their persons
and the security of their possessions. Every step
which tends to weaken the public credit has the
effect of rendering private property more inse-
cure, because it obstructs the Government in pro-
curing its neeessary funds in the ordinary way,
and may oblige it to resort to the arbitrary modes
of forced loans and heavier rates of taxation. At
this moment, therefore, when for the time every
hope of aid from foreign capital is idle, when the
country is compelled to look to her own resources
for the means with which to maintain her integ-
rity and subdue the rebellion, not only does every
dictate of patriotism and every ennobling senti-
ment of humanity call upon the capitalists of the
country to rally in defense of the Government,
but the meaner instinct of self-preservalion ad-
monishes them to submit to slight sacrifices now
that they may secure and preserve their property.
Three measures have been considered m the
committee which are, to some extent, connected
together, and form a comprehensive system by
which, it is believed, the Government will be en-
abled to procure the sums necessary to the suc-
cessful prosecution of the war, while, at the same
time, the burden upon the capital of the country
will be light, and the public will be benefited in
some important particulars.
The first of thepe measures is the one now be-
fore the House, by which the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to issue United States
notes, not to exceed $150,000,000 in amount, (in-
including those authoiized by previous laws,) of
denominations not less than five dollars. They
are not to bear interest, but are to be issued and
received as money, convertible, at the option of
the holder, into six per cent, stock of the United
States, the principal and interest being payable
either here or abroad; and these notes are to be a
legal tender.
The second measure consists of a tax bill, which
shall, with the tariff 011 imports, insure an annual
revenue of at least $150,000,000.
The third is a national bankinglaw, which will
require the deposit of United States stock as
security for the bank notes that are circulated as
cunency.
In order more fully to understand and more
easily to meet any objections which may be urged
against the first of these measures, being the one
now occupying the attention of the House, it will
be desirable to notice the other two, which are
designed to be more permanent in their character,
and'upon the expected results of which the pres-
ent measure is m some degree based.
The tax bill is now being peifected in its de-
tails. It proposes a moderate rate of taxation upon
most of the articles of necessary consumption,
with higher rates on distilled liquors and other
articles of luxury, on legacies and probates, on
passengers by railroads and other conveyances,
on newspapers, and telegraphic messages. Ftom
these sources, taken in connection with the tariff
upon imports, it is confidently expected, after a
most careful investigation, the Government will
derive an annual revenue of at least $150,000,000.
The ordinary expenses of the Government do
I not exceed $75,000,000, which, being deducted
