1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Cutler.
Ho. of Beps.
we cannot if we would, and would not, I trust, if
we could, shirk any of the reproaches or respons-
ibilities attached to the condition of laborers.
But we are met here by those who, from the mo-
ment their infant feet could wander from a mother's
care, all the way up through youth and manhood,
have been trained to regard, a laborer as an inferior
being; haveboughthim and sold himand scourged
him; have, by the inexorable necessities of the
system, denied him earnings, family, wife, chil-
dren, everything that men desire to live for, and
have blotted out from his sight God's wvealed
pathway to a better world.
Now, is it to be wondered at that scholars from
such a school should give evidence of proficiency
in then* training when they are brought into direct
contact with laborers in legislative halls? Is it
matter of surprise that time-honored settlements
and compromises of vexed questions should be
trampled upon, treated with contempt, and all the
vials of invective wrath poured upon the freemen
who dared to complain or resist? Is it matter of
surprise that the overseer's lash should be trans-
ferred from the plantation to the Halls of Con-
gross; bluster and threats should form the staple
of logic, and pistols, knives, and clubs the con-
clusions of argument; that executive opportunity
should furnish to rebellion all its material to de-
stroy the life of the nation and lay waste its ter-
ritory? Is it a matter of wonder Uiat like the
frogs and vermin of Egypt, this system should
crawl up and take possession of the palaces, tables,
and bedchambers of this capital? That in the day
of the nation's peril the Pharaoh then in power
should despise and neglect the opportunities of a
nation's salvation, and with hardened heart and
blind imbecility invite the Almighty's wrath?
These things are all the legitimate fruits of sla-
very. Every tree shall be judged by its fruits;
and to this judgment the people of this country
are now bringing this system. They have aright
to pass judgment upon it,or anythingelse that so
intimately concerns their safety and welfare; and
I will venture to say that no opinion or sentiment
is more rapidly forming in the minds of quiet,
thinking, intelligent people than this—that the
practical results of this system tend necessarily to
fatal divisions and rebellions in our republican
Government, and that it is consequently a dan-
gerous foe to public tranquillity and safety.
But I also propose to show that in its neighbor-
hood relations it is an intolerable nuisance, and
ought, therefore, to be abated. The system oper-
ates directly between master and slave, and if its
effects were confined solely to them its neighbor-
hood relations could have no place in the discus-
sion. But this is not the case. There are two
classes of persons upon whom it operates, who
have rights under the Constitution, and who have
at least as strong a claim for protection in those
rights as slaveholders.
I refer to non-siaveholders residing in the slave
States, and to other citizens temporarily sojourn-
ing in those States. When slavery first appeared
in our paradise, it came sneaking in like Satan on
a primitive enterprise, who " sat, squat like a
toad by the ear of Eve," and beguiled her into
transgression. Then it had no argument or rea-
sons, no law or constitution,and had no religion;
it only asked for a night's lodging; would sleep
in a shed, and work faithfully and quietly in the
field. But now, in the plenitude of its power, it
turns round and preempts the whole country by
virtue of a night's hospitality. It is full of argu-
ments and reasons, a member of the church in
good and regular standing, and has absolved
about all the law and constitution there is in the
land. Now it finds that afavorable pubhcopinion
is necessary to its own existence. The institution
cannot prosper unless it is popular, and, like a
grist-mill or tavern, it must have the " good will"
of neighbors. After it has deprived the mass of
its immediate neighborsof all means ofeducation,
the task of controlling public opinion was not
hopeless. Indeed,a few catch-wordsandphrases,
appeals to prejudices, were sufficient; but this has
not always answered. It was found that men
would think and talk and print things not favor-
ableto the system.
Assigning as a reason that sentiments, openly
avowed, hostile to the system, would encourage
revolt among the slaves, thus acknowledging that
the inexorable necessities of the system required
it, its guardians have actually succeeded m estab-
lishing a despotism over their entire territory
more rigid and cruel and fraught with more na-
tional disgrace than anything that has cursed
Europe for the last century. There is no free-
dom, and has been no freedom of opinion for years
in the slave States, even among the free white
men. A rigid censorship has been exercised, and
a cruel inquisition made as to the sentiments of
every man on this subject. No man dare speak
or write sentiments hostile to the institution. And
this has been avowedly a slavery necessity. I
will not take time to go.into detail on this subject.
Volumes might be penned illustrating the stub-
born fact which I have stated, that there is and
has been no freedom of opinion, but that the night
of despotism had, before the rebellion broke out,
settled down all over the land at the bidding of
slavery. And I stand here to denounce with un-
measured indignation such a nuisance as abso-
lutely intolerable.
If the miserable slave, toiling in his bondage,
has no right to appeal to the nation's sovereignty,
if judicial decisions have denied them all right of
a hearing, so that they are driven to God alone,
surely the burning infamy of such a despotism,
exercised upon bone of our bone and flesh of our
flesh, men who are white enough to have rights,
might startle the guardians of a nation's honor,
and lead to the inquiry of abatement.
But slavery has other neighbors. The freemen
of the North desire occasionally to prosecute law-
ful pursuits, or find recreation and pleasure in
traveling through the boundaries of States where
the Constitution is presumed to be protection and
defense. But long bclore this lebfllinn broke out
such visits were absolutely forbidden, except
upon terms involving the personal degradation ot
northern men. No such visitor was allowed to
discuss openly the fundamental dogma of the
Declaration of Independence. If be crossed the
slave line he must leave behind him his manhood,
his conscience, his freedom of thought and speech,
and submit to an mqui«)tion as hateful as ever
cursed the despotisms of Europe. Now, why this
insult upon neighbors ? Simply because slavery
demanded it, because the guaidians of that insti-
tution said it could not live unless these degrading
restrictions were enforced. It was not because
slaveholders were the worst of men, but because
the worst of systems required it; and I do not re-
call this as a personal matter with slaveholder,
but to show what theyiegard as necessary for
the existence and prosperity of their institution.
What is to bo done with freemenrights m this
regard when reconstruction comes? Do you say
they will abandon such naughty ways hereafter?
The blistered limb might as well trust a second
time the burning heap of coals. No, sir, if the
life of the institution has been hitherto dependent
upon such neighboihood annoyances, it will be
none the less so in future. Do you intend to give
up by leconstruction the light to visit the sepul-
chers of your honored dead, whose bones rest
under the surface of a soil redeemed from rebel-
lion by their blood? Or do you intend to confine
such pilgrimages to those only who can procurc
a pass from the chairman of some central com-
mittee, who can certify that the holder hereof is
" right on the goose?" Do you ask the rightful
sovereigns of this country ever again to submit to
the insults and outrages of former days? If you
do, I think you are mistaken in the temper and
determination of the people. There is no remedy
for such outrages except by removing their cause.
And, 1 say, if State rights and State institutions
are hereafter to inflict such outrages and insults,
I would grind them into powder finer than Mosos
made from the idolatrous calf of the Israelites. I
will never consent to leave to posterity to fight this
quarrel over again whenever it suits the personal
ambition of an oligarchy to conspire against a
nation's tranquillity. If no indemnity can be had
for the past, security must be made doubly sure
for the future.
I have thus passed under review, very briefly
and hastily, some of the pointsof conflict between
the system of slavery and the Constitution, and
have endeavored to point out its irreconcilable an-
tagonisms and deadly hostilities to a republican
government. I have purposely avoided as much
is possible the commercial ana personal aspects
of the subject. The inquiry whkh I have started
as, whether it is an enemy to trie nation's sov-
ereigntyjand whether its hostility is of that marked
and determined character that that supreme law
" the safety of the people" requires its annihila-
tion. If I have no right under the Constitution to
prosecute this inquiry; if I have no right, acting
here as an humble unit among: the guardians of the
nation's sovereignty, to determine what are and
what are not enemies, and to act accordingly; or if
1 have entirely misjudged as to the real character
of the institution itself; then I desire to drop the
discussion, for I have no wish to agitate this or
any other question merely for the sake of the ex-
citement growing out of such agitation. But this
question is upon us in all its length, breadth, and
overwhelming magnitude. I desire to have it set-
tled and settled forever, I stand here not acting
simply for myself or for a living constituency. 1
am the trustee of unborn millions, and I try to
recognize fully the weighty and solemn responsi-
bility of the trust. I want to know whether! live
and whether my children are to live under a sov-
ereignty or not; whether that sovereignty is com-
petent to protect its loyal citizens from insult and
outrage wherever its glorious flag waves; whether,
when the organic law declares the preservation ot
its own unity and the domestic tranquillity of the
nation to l>e the objects of its creation, the con-
dition of its existence, I have a right to inquire
what enemy has destroyed both unity and tran-
quillity, and whether, in my action here, I have a
right to deal with that enemy as with all other
enemies. If this nation is to be a mere province,
to be controlled by States and State institutions;
if enemies can grow up in our midst, too power-
ful or too sacred to be touched; if the Constitu-
tion was really intended by its authors to commit
suicide in the day of its trial, and acknowledge that
an enemy to its own unity, a violation of natural
justice, a persistent disturber of the domestic tran-
quillity, a foe to the public welfare, and a destioyer
of the people's liberties, may hold sway perpetu-
ally without the powerof self-defense; if the bold
political absuidity of an imperium in imperio is
notonly to be tolerated but allowed to " cry havoc
and let loose the dogs of war" upon the national
life with impunity and without punishment, this
great sovereignty had better at once go into bank-
ruptcy or apply to probate for a guardian.
But I may be asked, why do you not. regard sla-
very now, as formerly, a local thing, which may
be allowed'to exist beyond the reach of the Gen-
eral Government? I reply, I must judge a tree by
its fruits: this rebellion is the ripened fruit of sla-
very. I may live for years by the side of a neigh-
bor of whose vicious temper I may be well aware,
and from whom 1 may expect some fearful devel-
opment in crime, but I may treat him all the while
as a neighbor, certainly may not touch him as a
criminal. His evil disposition may, however,
lead him with malice aforethought to take the life
of his fellow. Am I expected to treat him, after
the overt act, just as I did before? Does the law
treat him just as it did before ? This rebellion ia
the overt act of slavery. You may as well ask
rue to regard with like complacency the quiet
house cur sleeping at my feet, and the same ani-
mal langing the streets as a slabbering mad dog.
This rebellion is slavery run mad, and God never
ordained but one cure for hydrophobia, and that
is death.
It may also be urged that Government can only
deal with individuals who are the guilty actors in
the rebellion. While I deny utterly the propri-
ety of strait-jackets for a sovereignty struggling
for its own existence, I desire to say most emphat-
ically that the individual actors in this scene ought
to be dealt with with unsparing severity.
When it pleased the Almighty first to establish
a constitutional government on earth, when He
had given the race an organic law, and had or-
ganized the nation of His choice under "stat-
utes and ordinances," and had by His own elec-
tion designated their rulers and leaders, He was
met in His wise and beneficent designs almost
at the outset of the enterprise with a most determ-
ined and formidable rebellion. "Two hundred
