618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
from the estimated revenue, will leave an amount |
sufficient to pay an interest of six per cent, upon i
a loan of $1,250,000,000, or nearly three hundred
million dollars more than the estimates of the sev-
eral Departments of the amountof the public debt
at the end of another fiscal year, if the state of
affairs should remain in the same deplorable con-
dition as now.
Tins tax bill will give to the bonds of the Uni-
ted Siates the chaiacter so much desired by cap-
italists, that of a sure interest-paying security.
Wit!> such a character there would be no harm
done if the principal were never paid, so far as
those holding the bonds are concerned, because
capitalists m the aggregate do not care for the pay-
ment of their principal; the only \alue which they
place upon the capital is derived from the fact that
it will yield them a revenue; and if atany time the
capitalist should wish to use the principal of his
bond he knows that he can always sell it to an-
other who desires to invest as much as he desires
to sell. The amount of debt of the British Gov-
ernment is so great that the most sanguine politi-
cal economist can devise no method by which it
can be extinguished; but yet the bonds represent
ing that very debt are of great value. Capital
seeks them for investment because the interest is
sure; and the only reason that they are ever below
par is, not because the payment of the principal
is more or less hopeless, but because the rates of
interest in the market at the time being are higher
than the rate provided for in the bonds*
There is another advantage attached to this
scheme of taxation. As the surplus, after de-
ducting the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment, will be more than sufficient to pay the in-
terest upon any debts which the United States lias
now incurred or hereafter proposes to contract,
when this rebellion shall have been subdued and
peace shall have once again spread her wtngs over
the land, the revenue will increase with the pros-
perity of the country, and the excess will operate
as a sinking fund, by means of which the whole
debt can be gradually extinguished. We have
seen, in our own experience, at no very distant
date, a surplus revenue used to diminish the na-
tional debt by even paying for it an exorbitant
premium.
Having thus, as we believe, provided a wise
system of taxation which should enable the Gov-
ernment to borrow all the money whicti it may
need, at fair rates, it is proposed, m order to give
still further assistance, and also with the object
of securing a much-needed reform, to recommend
a general banking law. The views which have
been considered m framing that bill will serve to
jpve a clearer understanding of its provisions.
For nearly thirty-years the country has been
without a uniform paper currency. As nearly all
the business of the country is done by means of
paper, specie being seldom used except in the pay-
ment of balances, the inconveniences resulting
from this want have been very great. The trav-
eling public, icmittei s of small sums by mail, and
the laboring classes, who often receive their pay
in uucurrent funds,chiefly expcricnce these incon-
veniences. In order to relieve this want it is ne-
cessaty to give to the paper currency three quali-
fications:
First. It must be well secured, so that the peo-
ple may feel that they are sure of obtaining its
value when needed.
Secondly. ItmusthaveaGovernmcntal indorse-
ment or guarantee, so thattho people everywhere
may be able to distinguish it, and the Govern-
ment prove its confidence in it by taking it in pay-
ment of taxes, assessments, and other dues.
Thirdly. It must he guarded, as far as possi-
ble, against arbitrary increase.
These requisites have all been provided for in
the bill. The paper currency is to be secured by
a deposit, with the Government, of United States
stocks, the market value of which shall be equal
to the amount of the currency issued. There
can be no higher security known to the Govern-
ment, and its permanent value has heretofore been
shown. The Government, upon the receipt of
such security, is to certify on the face of the notes
for currency, that the same are "secured by pledge
of United .States stocks," and is to take, them m
payment of all taxes, excises, and other dues,
excepting only for duties upon imports. Lastly,
the Government cannot increase the amount of
the currency* except? upon the application of a
bank, and the banks cannot increase it except upon
application to, and depositing security with the
Government.
It has been suggested that, as far as the Gov-
ernment alone was interested, the objects which
it had to gain could be attained in an easier and
less expensive manner; the paper circulation of
the country being in reality a loan from the peo-
ple without interest, it would be equitable and just
thattheGovernmentshould take this loan dircc'ly
into its own hands, and furnish all the paper cir-
culation,instead of allowing the benefitof it to pri-
vate associations and individuals. But the com-
mittee deemed it more wise to attain their proposed
ends, if possible, without disturbing existing insti-
tutions, or habits, or doing anything that might
injuriously affect private interests. The currency
is therefore left to the banks; they are only re-
quired to deposit security for it, and to submit
to certain established rules and regulations pre-
scribed in the bill, in order to insure conformity
of management for the common benefit of the
banks themselves and of the public.
To many of the banks these requirements will
not be difficult of performance, as they already
hold stocks of the United States, which they will
be at liberty to pledge. In exchange for the re-
strictions imposed upon them, the banks will
enjoy the benefitof a fixed and permament inter-
est upon their hypothecated stocks. "An odor
of nationality," as Mr. Webster called it, is also
imparted to their bills, enabling them to circulate
wider and further than before. And what would
become a constant drain upon their specie is
checked by the consent of the Government to
receive their notes in satisfaction of its dues.
Thus arc scoured all the benefits of the old Uni-
ted States Bank without many of those objection-
able features which aroused opposition. It was
affirmed that, by its favors, the Government en-
abled that bank to monopolize the business of the
country. Here no such system of favoritism ex-
ists. It was affirmed that, while a large portion
of the property in the several States, owned by
foreign stockholders, was invested in that bank
and Us branches, yet it way uYi justly exempted
from taxation. Heie every State is left at perfect
liberty, so far as this law is concerned, to tax
banks within its limits in whatever manner and
to whatever oxtentitmay please. It was affirmed
that frequently great inconvenience and sometimes
terrible disaster resulted to the trade and com-
merce of different localities by the mother Bank of
the United Slates arbitiarily interfering with the
managementof the branches by reducing suddenly
their loans and sometimes withdrawing huge
amounts of their spncie, for political effect. Here
each bank transacts its own business upon its own
capital, and is subject to no demands except those
of its own customers and its own business. It will
be as if the Bank of the United States had been
divided into many parts, and each part endowed
with the life, motion, and similitude of the whole,
revolving m its own orbit, managed by its own
board of directois, attending to the business inter-
ests of its own locality; and yet to the hills of each
will be given as wide a circulatian and as fixed a
value as were ever given to those of the Bank of the
United Slates m its palmiest days. It is not to be
supposed that variation in the rates ofexchange will
entirely disappear. Specie itself yields to the law
ofdemandandsupply,and fluctuates in value with
the continual changes of the balancc of trade. But
this currency will approach as near uniformity in
its value as possible. These institutions all origi-
nate among the people in their own localities, and
are not created by the Government. The Govern-
ment simply authorizes the in-vestment of capital
in the loans, and the use of the bonds representing
the loans as the basis of a sound circulation.
This measure will, therefore,give to the people
that which they most desire, a currency winch
shall not only purport to be money, but shall act-
ually be money in a broader and more positive
sense than are the notes of the Bank of England,
high as they are m the estimation of the commer-
cial world, for the reason that the entire-capital of
the Bank of England is vested in its Government
stocks, paying a very small rate of interest, and
upon these stocks are based, therefore, the ulti-
mate security of their bills, which is a divided se-
curity, because the depositors of the bank look to
it equally with the bill-holders; while the plan
prtfjfogfed by the committee contemplates the hy-
pothecation of the stocks of a Government with
fewer liabilities, paying a larger rate of interest,
which are specially pledged for the security of the
currency alone.
Having thus considered a method by which the
ordinary expenses of the Government can be paid,
and the interest upon its contemplated loans se-
cured beyond reasonable doubt; having also con-
sidered a method by which a sound paper currency
will be guarantied to the people, and by which a
comparatively clear market will be secured to the
Government for the negotiation of future loans,
the way is now prepared to consider the precise
measure pending before the House.
The levying of the contemplated tax, the proper
inauguration of the new banking scheme, and the
successful negotiation of a new loan, are matters
that will require time. In the meanwhile the
Treasury is comparatively empty, and the de-
mands upon the Government are numerous and
pressing. To enable the Government to support
itself during this interval of time, and to facilitate
the negotiation of their loans, the committee have
decided to recommend the issue of Government
notes.
So much has been said and written, and so dis-
cordant are the views entertained in regard to
money and finance, that many consider the sub-
ject an intricate one, that it is useless for them to
attempt to understand without more attention and
time than they are willing to devote to it. But,
in reference to tire presentcondition of the country
and wants of the Government, the case may be
stated in a few words and within the comprehen-
sion of all.
Throughout the North the country abounds
with necessaries and luxuries. The means of
transportation are insufficient to convey to the
sea-board the surplus food now ready, with un-
paralleled bounty, to meet all the demands of
other nations. Our stores and warehouses are
filled with everything required for convenience or
comfort. An Army of more than half a million
of soldiers is in the field, and a powerful naval
force on the waters, provided already with every-
thing needful for their comfort and our defense.
The question we have to consider is, how this
armed force which has been thus raised and pro-
vided shall be paid for? And how shall we pay
for what is necessary to maintain it in the future?
There is an abundance of everything requisite for
the purpose; the question is, simply,how can the
Government best provide the means of paying
thube who have supplied and may continue to sup-
ply those forces ?
There are but two ways in which this can be
justly and fairly accomplished. One is by taxa-
tion; in other words,calling on every man to fur-
nish at once his just portion of the amount re-
quired. The other is by loans; that is, by using
the obligation of the Government to pay at some
future time, with such rate of interest as may be
agreed upon; thereby allowing our descendants
to share some portion of that burden which is in-
curred as much for their benefit as for ours.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend loans, with taxation to meet the interest and
ordinary expenses of the Government; and the
measures they have considered are for that pui-
pose. The people are ready and willing and
anxious to be taxed, to an extent that will secure
the prompt payment of this interest, and a sinking
fund that will provide for the payment of the prin-
cipal in twenty or thirty years. By joint resolu-
tion Congress has pledged itself to meet their
wishes in that respect with great unanimity; and
the tax bill, as mentioned heretofore, is now being
perfected in the committee, and will soon be sub-
mitted.
It is proposed to issue $500,000,000 of bonds,
payable in twenty years, with interest, semi-an-
nually, at the rate of six per cent, per annum, upon
which the committee confidently rely for adequate
means to maintain the Government and cany on
the war until the rebellion is subdued. There
would be no difficulty in relying upon these bonds
alone, if the parties who contracted to furnish the
necessary supplies,and other creditors of theGov-
ernment, were the parties who are also to receive
and hold the bonds that are to be issued. But,
unfortunately, these contractors and others have
incurred large debts to banks and capitalists, which
they are called upon to pay, and have thus far
been put to great inconvenience by the delay of
