1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Constitution at that day. There were those who
opposed the Constitution then on the ground that
the words which the gentleman from Ohio now
relies oh—14 to provide for the common defense
and general welfare"—gave unlimited and general
power to subvert all the particular enumerations
of power m the Constitution. Mr Madison, in
replying" to that class of objections, says;
« Some who have not denied the necessity of the power
of taxation, have grounded a very fierce attack against the
Constitution on the language in which it is defined. It
has been urged and echoed that the ' power to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imports, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general welfare of
the United States,' amounts to an unlimited commission to
exercise every power which may be alleged to be necessai y
for the common defense or general welfare. No stronger
proof [says Mr. Madison] could be given of the distress
under which these writers labor for objections than their
stooping to such a misconstruction."
These are very emphatic words. I will read
one more paragraph:
" Had no other enumeration or definition of the powers
ofthe Congress been found in the Constitution than the gen-
eral expressions just cited, the authors of the objection
might have had some color for it; though it would have
been difficult to find a reason for so awkward a form of
describing an authority to legislate in all possible cases. A
power to destroy the freedom ofthe press, the trial by jury,
or even to regulate the course of descents, or the forms of
conveyances, must be very singularly expressed by the
terms sto raise money for the geneial welfare.'"
That is what Mr. Madison says; and he says
much more to the same effect.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I have to thank
the committee for its kindness and indulgence. It
was, perhaps, a duty which I owed to my con-
stituents, that I should say something in rcspect
to this matter. 1 have discharged that duty. I
have done it without fear. I have done it with a
heart impressed with tine importance of the sub-
ject, with a consciousness of the time in which we
are acting, and of all the circumstances which
surround us, and which invoke us to a course of
justice, moderation, and gentleness. Let us show
mercy—that quality which
" bccomcs
The thioncil monarch better tlmn his crown."
We are now in a condition, or soon will be,
having shown our power in war—our country
being clothed in victory, the rebellion being sup-
pressed—to exhibit generosity, to repair, to build
up, to consolidate, not our Government, but our
Union. That is the great task which now de-
volves on the country. Let its perform it as be-
comes the American Congress. Our great safety
is in the Constitution. Let us take care of the
Constitution, and the Constitution will take care
of us. That is all my doctrine on the subject.
Take care of the Union. Never consent to any
dissolution of it. That is a thing never to be
yielded. In yielding that, you yield everything.
But now wo are not called upon to do it. Victory
has crowned our arms. Victory ought to make
us generous, and generosity will be wisdom.
With these remarks, and with my thanks to the
committee for its indulgence, I will trespass no
longer on its patience.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I had hoped,
in view of the many days which have elapsed since
this bill was first presented in the other branch of
the national Legislature, in view of its full discus-
sion in the Senate, and in view of the opportuni-
ties which have been given to gentlemen here and
to the countiy at large to consider the propriety
of itsprovisions, that this Ilousewould have gone
direct to the question whether the bill should pass,
without further debate.
Mr. W1CKLIJFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 hope the gentleman will
excuse me at present.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I do not want to d iscussit.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will yield for the purpose
of his offering an amendment, if he desires.
The CHAIRMAN. Th e gentleman will luive
an opportmniy to offer his amendment.
Air. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have been
disappointed in these expectations. I say this
without any disrespect to the venerable gentleman
from Kentucky, and my remark does notarise so
much from the fact that he has felt it his duty to
address the committee at great length on the merits
of the bill os from the other consideration, that it
was the pleasure of the House not to close debate
upon it.
This bill, Mr. Chairman, is very simple. Its
first section contains all that is important in it, or
that requires a moment's consideration. It is:
That all persons held to service or labor within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, by reason of African descent, are hereby
discharged and freed of and from all claim to such service
or labor; and from and after the passage of this act neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude, except for crime, whereof
the party shall be duly convicted, shall hereafter exist in
said district.
Another provision of the bill is for compensa-
tion, to be assessed by a commission, to be paid
as ransom for these bondmen. Another section
makes an appropriation of §1,000,000 for ransom
money, and another an appropriationof $100,000
to aid the voluntary colonization of such of tjie
" freed men" as may desire to emigrate from this
country to some other. These are the provisions
of the bill.
Mr. Chairman, I had supposed that a bill so
plain and simple in its provisions did not require
much time for consideration, especially in view
of the fact that the power to legislate as proposed
is conceded by the venerable gentleman from Ken-
tucky; and will not, I presume, be questioned
by any gentleman on this floor. The grantin the
Constitution is as comprehensive as words could
make it:
<c Congress shall have power" * * * * " to
exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over
such district," * * * * " as may, by cession
of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, be-
come the seat of the Government of the United States."
Subject to this condition, this District became the
seat of the national Government. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden) had the can-
dor am? the good sense to acknowledge that the
exclusive power to legislate, as proposed by this
bill, over this District was in the Congress of the
United States. All, then, that remains for the con-
sideration of the House is, " is itpolicy, is it wis-
dom, is it just, under the circumstances, to exercise
the power?" That was the point made by the
gentleman from Kentucky in his argument. He
said that this was an inauspicious time to exercise
this admitted power. He deemed it an inauspi-
cious time for the Government to exercise this
unquestioned power to legislate for the liberation
of all slaves wrongfully deprived of their liberty
111 the national capital. And yet, sir, the gentle-
man fitly and truthfully said of this fiee Govern-
ment of ours that it is " the £ieattst provision for
the rights of mankind and for the amelioration of
their condition." These last were words worthy
of the gentleman from Kentucky, and fit to be
uttered by him at the close of his illustrious, well-
spent, and beautiful life. They are words emi-
nently descriptive of the true purpose and spirit
of our own American Constitution. The Magna
Charta of England, which the gentleman cited in
support of his argument against the justice of this
bill^ the gentleman will pardon me for reminding
him, differs widely in the provision to which he
referred from the broader and wiser provision of
our own American Magna Charta. That great
charter which the barons wrung from the tremb-
ling, unwilling hands of their king, six centuries
ago, and which the historian of the English con-
stitution declares to be " the keystone of English
liberty," only provided in the section which the
gentleman cited that—
il\'o i'rftman t-hall be taken, or imprisoned, or disseized,
or outlawed, 01 bani.^bed, or an> injured s no* will we
pas< upon him, noi send him, by learn! judgment of
his peers or by the law of the land.''—Magna Chaita,
see. 4.">.
That provision, sir, only protected from unjust
seizure, imprisonment, disseizin, outlawry, and
banishment those fortunate enough to be known
as freemen; it sccured no privileges to vassals or
slaves. Sir, our Constitution, the new Magna
Charta,which the gentleman aptly says is thegreat-
est provision for the rights of mankind and for the
amelioration of their condition, rejects in its bill of
rights the restrictive word " freeman,"andadopts
in its stead the more comprehensive words " no
| person;" thus giving its protection to all, whether
i born free or bond. The provision of our Consti-
tution is, 4iiio person shall be deprhed of life, or
liberty, or property without due process of law."
This clear recognition of the rights of all was a
new gospel to mankind, something unknown to
the men of the thirteenth century, who then de-
manded and received for themselves the acknowl-
edgment of their rights freemen, The barons
ofEngland demanded the security of lawfor them-
selves; the patriots of America proclaimed the
security and protection of law for all. The later
and nobler revelation to our fathers was that all
men are equal before the law. No matter upon
what spot of the earth's surface they were born;
no matter whether an Asiatic or African, a Eupo-
pean or an American sun first burned upon them;
no matter whether citizens or strangers; no mat-
ter whether rich or poor; no matter whether wise
or simple; no matter whether strong or weak, this
new Magna Charta to mankind declares the rights
of all to life and liberty and property are equal be-
fore the law; that no person, by virtue of the Amer-
ican Constitution, by the majesty of American
law, shall be deprived of life or liberty or prop-
erty without due process of law. Unhappily, for
about sixty years this provision of the Constitu-
tion, here upon the hearthstone of the Republic,
where the jurisdiction of the Government of the
United States is exclusive, without State limita-
tions and subject to no restraint other than that
imposed by the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion, this sacred guarantee of life and liberty and
property to all has been wantonly ignored and dis-
regarded as to a large class of our natural-born
citizen s
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will ask him if he does not know—of
course he does know—that at the date of Magna
Charta, England was full of a class of people who
were, in some degree bondmen, known as villains?
Mr. BINGHAM. That I understand to be the
fact.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that Magna Charta was intended to embrace
the liberation of those villains; and did they not
continue afterwards exactly where they were be-
fore?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly, their vassalage
or villanage did continue, as Magna Charta se-
cured the rights only of freemen before the law,
not of villains, as they called their servants. If
1 heard the gentleman distinctly, he quoted the
words correctly from Magna Charta:
No fieeman shall be taken or nnprisonod," &c., *
* * " ''unless by legal judgment of his peers or by
the law of the land."
The employment of the term freeman," as
descriptive of the persons entitled to the guar-
antees of Magna Charta, necessarily implied that
there were at the time persons in the realm who
were not freemen, nor entitled to the protection
secuied to freemen and to freemen only. That,
sir, was precisely the scope of my remarks when
I undertook to direct the attention of the House
to the wondrous difference between the English
Magna Charta, signed by the trembling hand of
an unwilling king in the thirteenth century, and
that other greater and better Magna Charta of the
eighteenth century—the American Constitution—
signed by the hand of that peerless man, our
Washington, of his own free will, and as the
chosen representative of the people, who hailed
him Father of his Country. That Constitution, I
said before,and in answer to the gentleman's sug-
gestion, I beg leave to repeat it, proclaimed that
all men in respect of the rights of life and liberty
and property were equal before the law; and that
no person, no human being, no member of the
family of man shall, by virtue of Federal law or
under the sanction of the Federal authority where
ever the Federal Government has exclusive and
supreme authority, be deprived of his life, or his
liberty, or his property, but by the law of the
land—not by the law of Maryland or of Virginia,
but by the law of the land, the law of the Repub-
lic, the law of the whole people of the United
States. If the people of America had not thus "de-
clared for the rights of all they never would have
imperiled life and fortune and earthly honor for
the rights of any.
Mr. Chairman, I was saying when the honor-
able gentleman from Kentucky interrupted me,
that for some sixty years this provision for the
protection of the rights of mankind, under the law
and by the law, here, upon the very hearthstone
of the Republic, has been disregarded, and not
only disregarded, but violated by the Federal Gov-
ernment, and by the assent of the Representatives
of the American people.
Gentlemen are aware of that fact, and the ques-.
tion to-day before this House is, whether the Rep-
resentatives of the people, under their oaths and
in compliance with the clear requiremerft of the
Federal Constitution,here within the limits ofthe
