1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
3Tth Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Iiebel Property—*Mr. Allen.
Ho. op Rbps.
CONFISCATION OP BEBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM ALLEN,
OF OHIO,
In the Hoose op Representatives,
Jtpril 24, 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. ALLEN said:
Mr. Chairman; I am reluctant to claigi the at-
tention of the committee when matters of more
importance than my remarks might receivc its con-
sideration. But in view of the discussions which
have already been had in this Hall during the
present session, I desire in an informal and brief
manner to present my views upon some of the
measures winch now engage the attention of Con-
gress and the country.
- Sir, we are in the midst of a civil war of formid-
able proportions and appalling magnitude. When
and with what result that war will end no one can
with certainty predict; and perhaps it is neither
prudent or profitable at tins time to attempt to
speculate upon that subject. It is certainly, how-
ever, the desire of every patriot that it shall term-
inate in the speediest possible manner by a return
of the people of the rebellious States to their alle-
giance to the Federal Government, and by a will-
ing submission on their part to its constituted
authorities. When that period shall arrive, the
people of the country will demand that the army
which has been so suddenly called into the mili-
tary service of the country shall bedisbanded,and
its gallant soldiers be permitted to return to their
peaceful avocations and to the endearments of
home, that the country may be as speedily as
possible relieved from the financial embarrass-
ment in which it is now involved, and which must
continue and increase as long as hostilities con-
tinue to exist between the Government and the
rebellious States. I believe the loyal people of
the country will be willing to make every sacrifice
that patriotism can demand to restore the Govern-
ment to its original unity and strength; that for
this purpose, and this alone, they will willingly
sacrifice their property and their lives. But when
the object of this war is diverted from that for
which it was inaugurated, and the great struggle
now going on becomes one for the existence of a
party or a theory, instead of one for the existence
of the Government as our fatheis gave it to us,
they will not render that cordial support which is
necessary to insure the complete triumph of our
arms.
I concur most cordially with my colleague,
[Mr. Harrison,] who, in the course of his able
speech, submitted to the committee some weeks
ago, declared that, in his judgment—
"The predominant sentiment of the people of all the
loyal States is that the wat must he efficiently prosccuted
in conformity to the Constitution, and for in maintenance
and preservation, and for no other purpose."
Sir, I have no doubt of that sentiment among
at least nine tenths of the people of the loyal
States. The war was inaugurated to vindicate the
Constitution and the laws, and not for the pur-
pose of violating them. And neither the plea of
a military necessity, or any other that can be
framed by the ingenuity of man, will be sufficient
to justify any of the departments of the Govern-
ment in violatingthe Constitution and laws which
it is sought to make the people of the rebellious
States obey. Sir, there can be no dispute as to
the original objects of this war. They are plainly
stated in the proclamation of the President, issued
on the 15th of Aprtl last, as well as in all his subse-
quent proclamations on the same subject. I will
read a portion of his first proclamation, which is
as follows:
" Whereas the laws of the United States have been for
some time past, and now are, opposed, and the execution
thereof ob&tructed'in the States* of South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Alabama, Floiida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and ioxas,
by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or by the powers
vested in the marshals by law :
" Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States, in virtue of the power in me vested by the
Constitution and the laws, have thought fit to call forth,
and hereby do call forth, the militia of the several States ot
lite Union, to the aggregate number of seventy-five thou-
sand, in older to &uppresysaid coinbmauons, ana to cause
the laws to be executed."
Under this proclamation thousands of our brave
countrymen rallied to the rescue of their country.
Nootherappeal was made to them than that which
was suggested by this manifesto. No other ap-
peal than that would have produced ^uch an out-
burst of popular feeling and patriotism. The ap-
peal was made to the people to vindicate and aid
in enforcing the laws of the land against those who
were in arms against the Government, trampling
the Constitution and laws under foot, and was not
an appeal to the loyal people to violate them be-
cause the people of the disloyal States were doing
so. This proclamation of the President was under
the authority and in the precise words of the act of
Congress passed in the year 1795, but a few yeais
after the Constitution was adopted, and which was
passed for the purpose of can ying into effect that
clause m the eighth section of the first article of the
Constitution which authorizes Congress to pro-
vide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions. The proclamation of the Pres-
ident subsequently issued calling for additional
volunteers was based upon the same clause and
was for the same purpose—namely, to suppress
unlawful combinations against the laws. This
resistance to the laws was treated by the Govern-
ment at the beginning, and ever has been treated,
as a rebellion—not as a public war; no war has
ever been declared either by Congress or the Pres-
ident, and the rules which govern two sovereign-
ties or nations at war with each other do not apply,
except so far as it may become necessary to apply
them for our own protection in consequence of
the magnitude of the rebellion; for sincc the war
began it has become necessary to send flags of
truce to the rebels, to recognize the rank and com-
mand of their military officers, exchange prisoners
with them, and in many instances to deal with the
so-called confederate Statesas a belligerent power.
But these are only acts growing out of the im-
mediate operations of the armies, and demanded
by the exigencies arising in a conflict of arms be-
tween two powerful sections of a common coun-
tiy. But when we shall cease to regard the Con-
stitution, and to fight the battles of the country
outside of it and the Union, applying in this con-
test with the rebellious power all the rules of in-
ternational law regulating two soveieigntiesat war
with each other, we admit the so-called confeder-
ate States to be a government, and we should no
longer denounce their people as rebels and trai-
tors. Nor have we aright, m that event, to seri-
ously complain if other nations treat them as a
government, and claim the right to exercise that
intercourse with them which neutral nations are
permitted to have with either or both of two bellig-
erent Powers.
* But, in addition to the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, to which I have alluded, treating this as an
insurrection, we have theact of Congress of July
last, which is merely an amendatory act of that
of 1795. But it is a loss of time to dwell in show-
ing that the Government has thus far prosecuted
hostilities against the seceding States for the pur-
pose of executing the laws and protecting the pub-
lic property. Every call that has been made for
troops, and every other act thus far on the part
of the Government, has been for this and no other
ostensible purpose.
During the time that recruiting was going on
for the Army, if there was any considerable sen-
timent in favor of prosecuting the wai in any other
than a constitutional manner, or for any other
than a constitutional purpose, it remained for some
reason comparatively quiet. This House went
so far at the extra session of Congress in July
last as to pass almost unanimously certain res-
olutions offered by the distinguished gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] which de-
clared:
4'That the existing civil war should not be waged on the
pait of the Government in any spirit of oppression, norfor
any purpose of conqucstor subjugation, nor for the purpose
of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or estab-
lished institutions of the States, but to defend and maintain
the supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the
Union with all the dignity, equality, and lights ot the sev-
eral States unimpaired, and that a^ ebon as these objects
are accomplished the war ought to cease.,}
For this resolution I believe every member pres-
ent at the time, with three or four exceptions,
voted. The term " established institutions of the
Stales," would plainly include the institution of
slavery,al though some persons havetried toavoid
that construction by denying slavery to be an insti-
tution of civilized society. 1 will not say that the
resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky was
adopted as a matter of policy, for the purpose of
lulling the suspicions of those who might hesi-
tate to enter the military service for the purpose of
fighting to vindicate the anti-slavery sentiment of
the country; but I must say that the passage of
this resolution, and the suppression for the time
being of anti-slavery projects, was very inconsist-
ent with the nohcy which has been advocated by
so manygentlemen on the other sideof the House
since the beginning of the present session.
Prom the very fhst day of this session, resolu-
tions and bills proposing emancipation in various
degrees, from the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia to those proposing its entire ab-
olition in all the States, have been continually in-
troduced, and are now being matured. The first
of these measures, the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, has already passed the two
Houses of Congress by the entire vote of the Re-
publican party, and is now a law. This is but
the first act in the programme which the party in
power, in my humble judgment, have laid down,
and intend to carry out. The passage of this
measure will be followed by the announcement of
the success of others, all looking to the one grand
object of prolonging the war until slavery is abol-
ished in all the States, or until the free States are
separated from the slave States in which it is
found impossible to abolish the institution. Itmay
yet be denied by many of the leaders of the Re-
publican party that such is the design of the party.
13ut have they not heretofore denied their inten-
tion to interfere with slavery in any place where
it already existed in the States or in the District
of Columbia?
I recollect that during the last Congress a prom-
inent member of the Republican party, then a
member of this House, and now a Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] declared on this floor, in
the strongest terms, his opposition to the abolition
of slavery in this District while the institution
existed in Maryland and Virginia. Now he, with
his Republican colleagues, have originated and
passed a bill which some of them, less than two
years ago, protested against. The same distin-
guished gentleman, on the lltli day of February,
1861, while a member of this House, introduced
the following resolution:
"Resolved, ThatncithertheCongressoftheUnited States
noi the people ot the non-slaveholding States have the con-
stitutional right to legislate upon or interfere with slavery in
any of the efaveholding States in the Union."
Which received the unanimous vote of this House.
Yet the same gentlemen on the Republican side
of the House who supported this resolution are
now supporting measures in dircct violation of it
—measures proposing to interfere with the insti-
tution whore it exists, not only in the District of
Columbia, butin the States. Most of these propo-
sitions for emancipation in the States have sought
to reach the institution under the head of confis-
cation of rebel property, by bills providing for
confiscation generally, and emancipation particu-
larly. The most recent project on this subject,
however, is that which came from the Executive
Mansion in the shape of a proposed resolution for
the consideration of Congress, as follows:
" Resolved, That the United States ought to cooperate
with any State which may adopt gradual abolishment of
siaveiy, giving to such State pecuniary aid, to be used by
such State m its discretion to compensate for the incon-
veniences, public and private, produced by such a change
of system."
And which was at once adopted by the dominant
party in Congress.
Why this message was sent to Congress by the
President at the time it was, or what its precise
object and meaning are, I have never heard satis-
factorily explained. There was to ordinary minds
no apparent necessity for such a proposition at
the time, as no State had at any time proposed
emancipation norasked Congress to cooperate with
it in a measure of that kind; nor is it probable that
the bona fide citizens of any of theslave States will,
for a considerable time, ask any such relief of the
national Legislature. A few men from the free
States who go into some of the slaveholding States
as soldiers or adventurers may go through the
forms of voting on the subject, assuming, under
