1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend from
Massachusetts states, with a great deal of gravity,
that there is no doubt about the constitutionality
of this tax; and one would suppose from the tone
in which he says it, that the question is already
settled. Now, sir, every one who knows anything
about the Constitution, knows that when it was
formed it was expressly provided, that when you
came to the taxation of slaves five should count
for three persons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to see that
clause .of the Constitution
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it pro-
duced.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Such were the debates at
the formation of it; such were the debates during
the discussion of the Constitution at its adoption;
such have been the decisions of the Supreme Court
in giving the history of this matter, and the pur-
poses, among others, for which it was framed; and
for my honorable friend now to stand up and say
there is no question but this tax is a constitutional
tax, in the tone and manner in which lie expresses
it, is to me a little extraordinary. 1 have been ac-
quainted with a great many anti-slavery men, and
have heard a great many anti-slavery speeches,
and among those things which have always been
claimed by persons arguing against slavery, and
speaking of the advantages which the slave States
held over the free States, one prominent point was
always this: that in the Constitution they have had
this privilege, that you could not tax their slaves.
Mr. SUMNER. That is on a capitation tax.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On a capitation tax, my
friend says. Now, sir, that is conceding all that
could be desired. On a capitation tax, he says,
the slaves could not be taxed.
Mr. SUMNER. Except in the way indicated
in the Constitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is to say, five slaves
can be taxed as much as three free men, and no
more. What then becomes of your constitutional
provision, that in levying taxes upon slaves, you
can only tax five slaves as much as you tax three
free persons, when by this very proposition you
propose to tax five slaves, every one of them,
and not tax free men at all ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say but a very
few words on this subject, and my honorable
friend will pardon me when I say, I desire to say
them now without being interrupted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would not misstate the
Constitution if I did not mean to say much.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not misstating the
Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desired to call the at-
tention of the Senator to the fact 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is on the floor, and this conversation
is entirely out of order, and is too often indulged
in in the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Chancellor Kent, 1 sup-
pose, knew something about the Constitution;
Judge Story, I suppose, knew something about
the Constitution.
Mr. GRIMES. That is doubted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. " That is doubted," my
friend from Iowa says.
Mr. GRIMES. Denied.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is " denied" that they
knew anything about the Constitution. Several
of the Justices of the Supreme Court, in discuss-
ing this power of the Constitution, expressly
state what the object of this provision was, and
yet my honorable friend from Massachusetts
gets up and speaks as if it were a conceded thing
that there is no doubt about the constitutional
power.
Mr. SUMNER. Had this been a capitation
tax, or poll tax, 1 should be with my friend from
Wisconsin; I should regard it as a conceded
thing, but it not being a poll tax, I regard it as ;
equally a conceded thing that it is constitutional.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How could a poll tax be
levied upon slaves except by levying it upon the
masters who own them, or claim to own them?
There is no other way of imposing a tax on slaves
but by imposing it upon the masters who claim
to own them. This is but, perhaps I might say,
an ingenious mode of expression to avoid the levy-
ing of the tax directly upon the head of the slave,
to say that you levy it upon the master who claims
to own him. When this proposition was intro-
duced by my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] it was much more ingeniously drawn. It
was drawn in this way, that every person who
claims to hold another to service for life or for a
term of years 
Mr. SUMNEIl. That is my language.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not the language
of your amendment. The language of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island was, that
the service or labor of every person who was
claimed to be held to service or labor by another
person, for life or for a term of years, should be
liable to pay this tax. That had a semblance of
justice and equality about it, because it extended
'to all sections of the country alike; and yet the per-
son who drew that amendment, in his care to
avoid what might appear to be a capitation tax
upon slaves, in using that general language to
avoid it, in fact, used such language—I mean the
original amendment, as proposed by my honora-
ble friend from Rhode Island—as would have em-
braced every man's children in the United States
under twenty-one years of age. It would have
been a tax not only upon slaves and apprentices,
but a tax upon children also; but at the sugges-
tion of some one, the amendment was subsequently
altered in that respect, so as to prevent its opera-
ting as a tax upon the children of individuals.
Now, I seriously doubt, indeed I may say that
my conviction is, that this tax is a tax in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
Another objection I have to the levying of it at this
time is that, practically, it will come out of our
friends, and not out of our enemies in this rebel-
lion; and therefore I doubt the wisdom or the
policy of the tax. The State of Missouri is now
holding a convention, and perhaps will pass on the
very question, whether she will not adopt the
policy of the Administration, and favor a gradual
emancipation of slavery m that State; and at this
hour, and at this very moment, in my judgment,
nothing could be more unwise than for the Con-
gress of the United States to impose such a tax as
this.
Mr. President, I shall not take up the time of
the Senate any further than to say that I have
been taught from my youth, in the reading of the
works of Kent and Story upon the Constitution—
I have always heard men who have discussed
the question of slavery state this as an instance
wherein the Constitution gave advantages in favor
of those who were holding slaves—that it was im-
possible for this Government to levy a tax upon
slaves, and I cannot give to this measure my sup-
port. I think I cannot do it without trampling on
the Constitution of the United States,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is always very safe for
a person who is making a statement which is un-
warranted by fact to refuse to be interrupted; and
I suppose it gives force to his argument to repeat
the misstatement in a loud voice and emphatic
manner. The Senator from Wisconsin did not
object to being interrupted by the Senator from
Massachusetts upon another point, but he was
quite unwilling to be interrupted in regard to his
statement of a clause in the Constitution; so that
it was not because of the inconvenience of inter>
ruption, but because of the inconvenience of find-
ing the clause in the Constitution which he so em-
phatically undertook to recite and to repeat.
He said that the Constitution stated that in tax-
ing slaves, five should count as three. Now, sir,
I undertake to say that the Constitution states no
such thing. There is not a word in the Consti-
tution from its beginning to its end on this subject
of taxing slaves. There is a provision in the Con-
stitution that in the apportionment of taxation be-
tween the States on a direct tax, that apportion-
ment of taxes to the respective States shall be made
upon a basis of population; that is, a basis of pop-
ulation according to the census; and in making up
this statementof the population of a State to ascer-
tain how much of a direct tax shall be apportioned
to the State, five slaves are to count as three free
persons. But that is a very different provision
from the one which the Senator undertook to re-
cite. Then, to make it the more emphatic and con-
clusive, he says it is presumed Story knows some-
thing, and it is presumed Kentknows something;
and because Story knows something and Kent
knows something, I suppose it justifies lum in
stating as a clause in the Constitution what is not
in the Constitution.
I have no.idea of again entering, into ati argu-
ment on this question. "I once very briefly ex-
pressed my views about the constitutionality of
laying a tax upon the service or labor, which one
person claimed to have a right ;to in another., I
suppose it to be constitutional; I think so still, I
think the direct taxalluded to in the Constitution
is a tax upon lands. I believe that is the view of
the commentators, that it means the .apportioning
to the several States of a tax upon real estate,-as.
we did by the act passed in July;' that I believe
is the direct tax contemplated by the Constitution.
Under the tax bill which we passed'in July we
provided thateach State should pay suoh a propor-
tion of the tax. I remember to my State there waa
apportioned a large tax, and a certain fixed sutft
was apportioned to all the other States upon the
basis fixed in the Constitution; and in determining a
how much should be paid by the State of South
Carolina, the State of Wisconsin, and the State
of Illinois, we based that upon the population of
those States calculated according to the terms of
the Constitution. That, I tlunk, is what the clause
means, and in my judgment it does not prohibit
the passage of such a provision as has been incor-
porated into this bill, and which I trust may stand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not aware that I have
spoken in a very loud voice. I know my voice
is clear and distinct, and perhaps easily heard by
the Senate; but I have not spoken , in any very
loud voice that I am aware of this morning. So
much for the criticism upon the manner of saying
what I had to say.
Mr. President, Judge Story, quoting from tho
decision of Judge Chase, of the Supreme Court,
m the case of Iijflton vs. The United States, says:
" I am inclined to think that the direct taxes contem-
plated by the Constitution are only two, namely, a capita-
tion or poll tax simply, without regaid to pioperty, profes-
sion, or other circumstance, and a tax on land."
My honorable friend says all the direct tax he
knows anything about is a tax on land. How
can you get a capitation tax on land? I suppose
a capitation tax is upon the head. The very
meaning of the word " capitation" is upon the
head, and*itis conceded by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts that if this is a capitation tax
it is unconstitutional. What is it, I ask, but a
tax by the head? It is nothing else. A mere
change of the form of expression does not make
any differerice. It is a tax of two dollars on every
slave; that is, it is a poll tax of two dollars on
every slave; and it is conceded by the Senator
from Massachusetts that if that amounts toacapi-
tation tax, it is unconstitutional.
But further, Mr. Justice Story, referring to
what was said by the Judges of the Supreme Court
in the case that has been alluded to, said, speaking
of the decision of Mr. Justice Paterson:
"And lie proceeded to state that the rule of apportion-
ment, both as regard? representatives and as regards direct
taxes, was adopted to guard the southern States against un-
due impositions and oppressions in the taxing of slaves."
That was the very purpose of patting in the
clause, and I remember reading the discussion that
took place between old John Adams and others
who were in the convention, on that subject They
all understood and knew what it meant; and it
was tho result of their compromise and the mode
in which they fixed upon it that, for direct taxa-
tion by a capitation tax, which is so much per
head, or for taxation upon lands, the several
States should be rated in this proportion: you
should embrace all free persons, and then count
only three fifths of all other persons, which meant
slaves. I know the word " slaves" is not used
in the Constitution; the Constitution does not
mention the word " slave;" but the general clause
"all other persons," "free persons" having
been mentioned before, as a matter of course em-
braces and was intended to refer to the slaves.
In levying the taxes, the Constitution provides
that in your capitation tax you shall not put a poll
tax upon the slaves unless you put a poll tax upon
the white and the free people, and that when you
do put a poll tax upon them you shall only count
five slaves to three free men. Now, sir, whether
this was a wise provision of the Constitution or
an unwise one, is not for mc to discuss. It is
enough for me to know that it was placed there,
and that those who put it there intended to place
it there. Certainly, I do not question the motives
of any other Senator in voting for any proposition
he chooses to support; but as I understand the
