1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1639
District of Columbia, will faithfully execute their
great trust, and declarc by law that hereafter, in
all the coming future, no American citizen nor
human being shall, within the limits of this Dis-
trict, be deprived of life or liberty or property
without due process of law." That, sir, is the
question, the great question of this dayand hour,
I have said that these persons who are the sub-
ject-matter of this legislation were natural-born
citizens of the Republic. Shall we hesitate, can
we hesitate, within the admitted limits of our
power, to do justice to our own citizens by the
enactment of this law? I regret, although I do
not propose to make any change in the text of the
bill, that it was so carefully worded as to say that,
"all persons held to service or labor within the
District of Columbia by reason of African de-
scent." I would have preferred if the bill had
declared that "all American citizens held to ser-
vice or labor within the District of Columbia by
reason of African descent are hereby discharged
and forever freed from such servitude."
We are not to be cheated by the tests of citi-
zenship that arc sometimes set up touching the
elective franchise and eligibility to office. It is
too late in the day for any American statesman*
to undertake to demonstrate that none are citizens
of the United States save those entitled to the
elective franchise or to the exercise of the func-
tions of office. I stand here to assert the proposi-
tion that, by thedecision of every State and Federal
court in the country, more than one half the white
population of the United States who are excluded
from the exercise of the elective franchise, and
from all civil offices, arc citizens of the United
States. I undertake to say, by the decision of
your Federal tribunals, that women—that all the
women of this Republic born upon the soil—are
citizens of the United States, though neither en-
titled to vote nor to hold civil office. All the na-
tive-born women and children of the land, though
not entitled to vote nor eligible to civil office are
citizens of the United States within the judiciary
act of 1789, and within the Constitution of the
United States, mid as such entitled to sue and he
sued in your Federal courts, and to plend and be
pleaded uieiun.
The Constitution leaves no room for doubt upon
this subject. The words "natural-born citizen
of the United States" occur in it, and the other
provision also occurs in it that " Congress shall
have power to pass a uniform system of natural-
ization." To naturalize a peison is to admit him
to citizenship. Who are natural-bom citizens but
those born within the Republic? Those born
withm the Republic, whether black or white, are
citizens by bull)—natural-born citizens. There
is no such word as white in your Constitution.
Citizenship, therefore, does not depend upon com-
plexion any more than it depends upon the rights
of election or of office. All 11 om other hinds, who,
by the terms of your laws and a compliance with
their provisions become natuiahzed, are adopted
citJzensofthe United States; all other persons born
within the Republic, of parents owing allegiance
to no other sovereignty, are iiatural-boi n citizens.
Gentlemen can find no exception to this statement
touching natvtrni-born citizens except what is said
in the Constitution in relation to Indians. The
reason why that exception was made in theCon-
siitution is apparent to eveiybody. The se%eial
Indian tribes were recognized at the organization
of this Government as independent sovereign ties.
They were treated wiihas such-, and they have
been dealt with by the Government ever since as
separate sovereignties. Therefore, they were ex-
cluded from thegeneial inle.
I adopt the woids of that man whose clear in-
tellect, through a long and laborious life, contrib-
uted much that will endure to the jurisprudence
of his country—the lamented Chancellor Kent, of
Now York—who dcclaied that every person ofAf-
rican descent, born in this land, is a citizen ot the
United States, and although born in a condition
of slavery under the laws of any State m which
he might be held to service or laboi, still he was
a citizen of the United States under disabilities.
The Federal Government neither legulates nor
confers under any circumstances the enjoyment
of the elective franchise among the States, and
therefore the question so flippantly asked, when
we propose the liberation of slaves, are you going
to give them the right to vote, may as well be
omitted here. We have just nothing to do in our
legislation with that question; we have no power
whatever over it. The right to vote does not in-
volve the right to citizenship. Neither are the
rights of men or citizens to protection under the
law dependent upon the right of suffrage in them.
Are not children natural-born citizens of the Uni-
ted States? Are not they entitled to protection as
citizens everywhere in all the States of the Union ?
Does not the Constitution provide that the citizens
of each State, being ipso facto citizens of the Uni-
ted States, shall be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States; and
does not that apply to the minor citizens of the
United States as well as to the major citizens of
the United States? It is not the privilege to vote
that is thus guarantied to all citizens of the Uni-
ted States. The Constitution does not read, as I
have heard it quoted upon this floor, that the citi-
zens of each State should be entitled to the privi-
leges and immunities of citizcns of the several
States. No, sir, the word used in the Constitution
in this clause is not ©/, but in, the several States.
" All privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States in the several States," is what is
guarantied by the Constitution. There is an ellip-
sis in the Constitution, as gentlemen doubtless
know, which must be supplied to express clearly
its meaning. The great privilege and immunity
of an American citizen to be rcspccted everywhere
in this land, and especially in this District, is that
they shall not be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. But what civil political
right does the State of Ohio give to the black
man? Does it allow him to vote? Does it allow
him to intermarry with the whites?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman would get
a full and satisfactory answer to his question if
he would read the statutes of Ohio.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have read them.
Mr. BINGHAM. If lie has read them, then
the gentleman ftom Kentucky knows that, among
oilier things, the laws of Ohio fully provide for
the protection of the right of every citizen of the
United Suites, whether black or white, male or
fem.de, old or young, man or child—that is, that
they shall not'be deprived of life, or liberty, or
property, without due process of law.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The question I was in-
quiring about was not about the protection of life.
What political rights do the black men hold in
the State of Ohio?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman's inquiry
about their right to vote 1 had anticipated and an-
swered. I suppose the gentleman did not hear it.
I say that he would be a very bold man who, at
this time, would venture to aver that nobody is
a citizen of the United States who has not the
right to vote. I say fuither, there never has been
a time since the existence of this Republic, when
a majority of the citizens of the United States had
the right to vote. Your wives and daughters arc
natural-born citizens of the United States. Citi-
zenship is their bn-th-iight. There is, there can
be no question about this. I will not repeat my
argument. 1 have thus spoken to answer and dis-
pose of that tnllmg quibble interposed here eter-
nally against any attempt to do justice between
man and man, as if a man's right to live or breathe
the air of heaven depended upon his right to vote.
The que.stion is not whether you will confer the
elective franchise, for upon that question you have
no power for Fedeial purposes, either as to black
or white citizens within the several States. The
Federal Government hns no power to regulate the
elective franchise in any State in reference to per-
sons of any complexion. \ou cannot pass any
such law "The elective franchise can only be ex-
ercised in any State by virtue of State law, and
State law alone.
But, sir, if the right to the elective franchise is
to be the test of citizenship, I beg gentlemen to re-
! member that when this Constitution was oidaincd
I and established under which we legislate, it was
| ordained and established through the suffrage of
I peisons of African as well as of European descent
I in the majority of the States of the Republic. They
[ assisted in the election nf the very persons through
i whose agency the Constitution was finally ratified.
! Look at the records of Noith Carolina for inform-
1 ationon that subject; look into the legislative rec-
i ords of Maryland and Delaware, and look at tiie
: records of the New England States, and you will
I find that the persons of African dcsccnt did enjoy
the elective franchise, and had a voice in the adop-
tion of your Constitution. To this day they hold
and enjoy that right in several of the States of the
Republic. You cannot, afe FederaHegislators, pre-
vent the exercise of this right by the colored citi-
zens'; you cannot help it. The old Bay State, true
to her sacred, herimmortal traditions", recollecting
that her soil is holy ground, marked with the foot-
prints of the apostles and martyrs of civil and re-
ligious liberty, has held to her ancient faith that
rights, even political rights, are inseparable from
manhood and citizenship, and in no wise depend-
ent upon complexion or the accident of birth. I
trust in God whatever States may falter, Massa-
chusetts may continue in the ancient ways for-
ever more. Taxation without representation once
stirred the American people like the blast of a
trumpet; rather than submit to it they proclaimed
resistance unto death. In the purer and better
days of the Republic, taxation only with represent-
ation, was the very sign under which the JefFer-
sonian Democracy were wont to conquer. Still, I
concede that all political rights must be controlled
by the majority.
If there were anything in the argument con-
stantly reiterated here and elsewhere, about hu-
man rights being dependent on and confined to
those who enjoy political rights, you might as well
go back at once to the civil polity and civilization
of the pagan world, and assert that none but those
who have a voice in the State have a right to be
free; that your wives and mothers and daughters,
because they have no voice in the legislative coun-
cils or in the elections of States, are not to be con-
sidered as invested with the rights of citizenship
or the sacred rights of human nature. That is not
the lesson learned by those who made and who
transmitted to us the Constitution of the United
States. They found out and adopted a wiser ,justcr,
and better polity than pagan ever knew. They
learned it from the simple but profound teachings
of Him who went about doing good; who was no
respecter of persons, who made the distant land of
his nativity forever sacred to mankind, and whose
intense holinessshed majesty ovei the manger and
the straw, and took from the cross its shame and
reproach. By His great apostle came to men and.
notions the new message declaring the true God,
to whom the pagan inscribed unknown upon His
altar; that God who made the world, and giveth
to all life and breath, and hath made of one blood
all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the
earth. From this new message to men has sprung
the new and better civilization of to-day. what
was your declaration at Philadelphia on the 4th
of July, 1776, that "all men are created equal,"
but a reiteration of the great truth announced by
the apostle of the Nazarene? What but this is the
sublime principle of your Constitution, the equal-
ity of all men before the law? To-day we delib-
ciate whether wc shall makegood,by legislation,
this vital principle of the Constitution, here in the
capital of the Republic!
The question, I repeat, is not whether these
bondmen, about to be declared freemen,shall vote.
That question is not now before us; the question
is one of mightier import: "Shall these men be
permitted to enjoy life and liberty and property
under the sanction and shelter of the law?" Rep-
resentatives of tin; people, shall these men, natu-
ral-born citizens of the Republic, bo by your law
made secure in their persons, in their lives, in their
j liberty, in their property, within this District, or
: will you reject this wise and beneficent bill, and,
| like your predecessors in this House, ignore the
! requirements of the Constitution, and disregard
the obligations of your oaths ? I may be allowed
to say, without intending offense to any, as my
own "judgment, in no spirit of censure upon any
one who conscientiously differs with mc in opin-
ion, that the Repjcsentative who refuses to pro-
vide the necessary means, in accordance with the
spirit of the Constitution, for the protection ot
every person in life, in liberty, m property, where
ever our jurisdiction is exclusive, trifles with his
oath and' breaks it. Such legislation is the first
duty of the national Legislature, and its faithful
execution the first duty of the national Executive.
That is the view which I entertain of this meas-
ure and of our duty. 1 go for this bill becauscit
is constitutional, as the gentleman from Kentucky
said m his argument, and because it is just as. well
|| as constitutional, _ *
I! If it is not just to protect the rights of all under
