120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[April 24,
Sim Com...,2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Alien.
Ho. op Reps.
theiiatneofaprovisionalgovernmentor otherwise,
to act for the State, and having voted in favor of
emancipation, Congress may then proceed to carry
out the wishes of these men who are but its own
agents, and thus the free States through Congress,
under color of the sanction of authority derived in
this illegal manner, may do that which it is admit-
ted by the resolutions so unanimously adopted a
year ago, that neither Congress nor the non-slave-
holding States have the rignt to do. The people of
the free States thus, by the consent of their own
citizens, would,by the power of Congress, abolish
slavery in these States. This would be about as
legal a proceeding as that ofa felon sending his ac-
complice in advance into a neighbor's house, that
the accomplice being in the occupancy of the house,
assuming to act for the rightful occupant, might
confer title to stolen property by such assumed
occupancy. If at any short day any request of
this kind is made of Congress it will, in my opin-
ion, be through some such subterfuge, for 1 am
satisfied that the bona Jide citizens of these States
do not desire the passage of emancipation bills at
this time.
It may bo that this suggestion of the President
was in part made from the fact that those schemes
which proposed emancipation m the States, under
the plea of a " military necessity" and without
constitutional authority, were so transparently
absurd that the Administration was fearful they
could not bo sustained, and that it was thought
best to try to accomplish the groat aim by an-
other resort and upo'n a new idea. And I am
further inclined to conjecture that the President
became alarmed on account of the conservative
position he found himself assuming on this sub-
ject, and that being no longer able to resist the
" irrepressible conflict" which was waged against
hiin hy the ultra portion ofthe Republican paity—
which I am sorry to believe includes most of its
leaders—-he sought this proposition as a means
of letting himself down from the proud position
he had attained in^he minds of the conservative
iiHtasos of the people of the country. Much as
I admire the President for the independence, of
thought and sound judgment which he has on
many occasions exhibited, I fear ho in this in-
stance yielded to the entreaties of politicians, in-
stead of following the dictates of his own judg-
ment, ua welt aa the feelings and sentiments of the
people of the country. For both he and gentlemen
on the other side of the House will learn that most
of these measures will not be sustained by the peo-
ple,except in those radical sections of thecountry
whereon this subject they are "joined to their
idols, and forget the interest ofthe white man
hi prosecuting their projects of false philanthropy
lor I ho black race. '
1 he late local elections throughout the country,
and particularly in the great West, in which the
Democracy and other conservative men of the
country have achieved the most complete, and in
many instances unexpected victories, are but the
muttermgs of a storm of indignation which will
sweep over the entire country, hurling from place
those who persist in using this Government for
their personal interest and political preferment,
,WrlcT,;uaslll'y isbieedingtotheamount
of ®.),U()0,000 per day, (and which is to be replen-
ished by an exorbitant and oppressive system of
taxation,) and while thousands of our bravo coun-
tiynieu are laying down their lives upon the battle-
lie u, leaving homes desolate and friends discon-
solate, to restore the Government as it was prior
to the election of the present Chief Magistrate,
feu, 1 indulge in no idle prediction when I say
hat the people neither East or West will much
longer be made the dupes of politicians and specu-
lators, for the pitiful consideration of a little worn-
out twaddle about the " negro" and " ne°To
slavery, and for the still less beneficial conskfer-
ation of having their fertile and beautiful country
overrun by an ignorant population of worthless
negroes, to annoy and disturb society, drivino-
rom employment white persons who rely on dailv
labor for their support. 3 y
_ Another and to my mind most probable motive
m sending to Congress the message alluded to,
was to inaugurate a policy looking to an ultimate
separation of the Gulf States from the Confed-
eracy , and to enlarge the area of a northern confed-
eracyof free States. I have everteen satisfied that,
with all the pretenses of the leading members of
the Republican party of devotion to the Union,
a majority of them do not in reality desire to see
the tfnion exist as it was, but desire that slavery
shall either b,e abolished in all the States, or that
a northern confederacy of free States shall be estab-
lished in which they may rule supreme. The lat-
ter result would bemostacceptable to the capitalists
of the eastern States, to whom weoftheWestare
made tributaries in all things. If a southern con-
federacy should maintain control as it would of
the Mississippi river, that great natural outlet for
our commerce, this would force us for all time to
come, as it has since the rebellion, to find an out-
let to the eastern cities for our trade, and thus be-
come tributaries to their commercial interests upon
their own terms.
We have had an illustration on a small scale
during the last few months of the manner in
which eastern capitalists would make us subserv-
ient to their interests, by the manner in which the
railroad interests ofthe country have been iden-
tified with the Government. For several months
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad—one of the prin-
cipal thoroughfares of the country—which was
in places destroyed at the beginning of the rebel-
lion, has remained obstructed, from the fact that
the Government has not afforded it that protection
which was m its power. And this is said to have
arisen from the fact that the late Secretary of War
and his immediate friends were largely interested
ill another lival thoroughfare,which has been, dur-
ing that time, monopolizing the transportation of
freight, passengers, troops, and munitions of war,
upon such terms as its managers might demand;
and the consequence has been that our produce has
been taxed to advance the interests of these pa-
triotic gentlemen, as is evidenced from the fact
that since the first-named road has been opened
there has been a reduction on freight of some
live dollarsnn the ton between Cincinnati and the
eastern cities, which amount now goes into the
pockets of our people instead of those of eastern
railroad capitalists. I only mention this as an in-
stance, less important, of the manner in which we
of the West are made to play into the hands of
eastern capitalists, tor the consideration of their
cooperation on the negro question.
The late Secretary of War, while his Depart-
ment was committing the most gross abuses—ac-
cording to the statements of his political friends—
wiim loudest in his protestations of devotion to the
anti-slavery cause. In proportion as these abuses
grew extreme in his Department, he grew extreme
in uis views, until he became the great champion
of the radicals on this subject, receiving their un-
qualified approbation and applause.
Some months ago the country was thrown into
a state of alaim by a letter of Secretary Sewavd,
(an eastern gentleman also,) addressed to the
Governors of various States, intimating the ne-
cessity of immediately strengthening our coast
defenses. Some of the States have proceeded to
expend money, as suggested, in increasing their
defenses, and it is proposed to reimburse them
from the Federal Treasury; a bill is now before
one of the committees of the House to receive
loans from the States in which such defenses are
situated, and to issue the bonds of the Govern-
ment to the amount so accepted, which is noth-
ing more than the Government issuing its bonds
to those States that they may convert them to
their use in what they may be pleased to call
strengthening their " coast defenses." What the
probabi lties of foreign intervention were at the
lime, which was supposed to be the cause of the
extraordinary letter from the able Secretary of
btate, he was best qualified to determine, although
lie has m more than one instance proven to be no
prophet. But this much the far-seeing Secretary
well knew, that whether foreign intervention took
place or not, his State and bis section would lose
nothing by these precautions, as all or nearly all
the money expended by the Government in this
way would go into the hands of eastern gentlemen.
JNow, since for a time apprehensions of foreign
intervention have subsided, it is mooted that it
may be necessary to not only strengthen but re-
model our whole system of coast defenses, for
wliioti very large appropriations must be made,
and a host of additional officers be appointed, for
tear an ivon-clad steamer down about Norfolk
called the " Merrimac" may slip into some ofthe
harbors of the great eastern cities, and lay them
in ashes before their citizens shall be aware of her
approach—an occurrence certainly less probable
than foreign intervention was some months ago.
Again, we have before Congress a bill for a Pa-
cific railroad, a measure which, in a proper form,
at a proper time, would receive the assent of most
of our people; but on examination of the bill,
there will be found a clause requiring the iron used
in the construction of the roau to be of American
manufacture without regard to its cost; and this at
once explains the reason why its passage is urged
so earnestly by certain eastern gentlemen from
sections interested in the manufacture o*f iron.
Thus it is that nearly every measure in Congress
that is of any advantage to any section, is framed
with a view of advancing the interests of the East
in a special manner. Whether it be tariffs, tax
bills, railroad bills, fortifications, Government
contracts, or what not, the eastern States are sure
to have the " lion'sshare." And I have no doubt
our eastern friends will do all in their power to
consummate their measures, while they have their
allies in the West who are content with the "ne-
gro" for their share of the benefits of the Gov-
ernment; and that the war will be prolonged, if
necessary, until they shall have secured the suc-
cess of their enterprises.
But I am traveling with my remarks outside of
the course I had intended to pursue. I was pro-
ceeding to notice some of the apparent changes of
the policy and sentiments of the Republican party
within the last six months on the subject of in-
tervention on the part of the General Government
with the institution of slavery.
As a further evidence of a decided change in
what appeared to be the policy of the dominant
party up to the time the present session began, it
will be remembered that shortly after the com-
mencement of the session, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] offered a resolution reaf-
firming the " Crittenden resolutions," passed so
unanimously in July last; but this House refused
to pass the resolution. The proposition was laid
on the table. And when, at a later day, 1 offered
a resolution declaring that "in the judgment of
the House, no part of the appropriations now or
hereafter made, nor of the taxes now or hereafter
laid, should be used in carrying on a war for the
purpose of emancipation," it met with a similar
fate, those voting to lay on the table being all Re-
publicans, and those voting against laying on the
table being Democrats and gentlemen from the
border slave States. I thought my resolution a
very fair one, and that since there had been so
much said on the subject of emancipation during
the session, if the majority of the House were
opposed to making the war one for that purpose,
they would unhesitatingly adopt it; and that while
Congress was appropriating money to the amount
of some nine hundred millions of dollars annually,
and since it was proposed to levy a direct annual
tax upon the country of over one hundred millions
of dollars, it was due to the great mass ofthe people
who, in my judgment, are opposed to all these
emancipation schemes, that they should have some
assurance as to the manner in which their money
was to be applied. For, as I have already said,
while the people of the country will, as I believe,
cheerfully contribute all that they have to support
the Government, they will not willingly, in a time
of general depression and distress, cheerfully sub-
mit to a tax on their property eventually amount-
ing to its value, and hand over to the tax-gatherer
their last dollar, to be carried to the Federal cap-
ital, one portion to be distributed among an array
of officers and Government contractors, and the
residue applied in keeping an army in the field
iUUri!*'lcbe contt'actors may continue to plunder
the Treasury, and the abolition sentiment be vin-
dicated. Much as they may be opposed to the
institution of slavery, they will not cheerfully suf-
fer such sacrifices as they are about to be called
upon to make, when neither the black nor the
white race will be benefited thereby, and when
the object of these privations and sacrifices is that
of violating the organic law of the Government,
instead of sustaining it, as was the declared object
at the beginning of the war.
I was struck with much astonishment at the re-
marks made by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
