THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
the law, then the provision should not have been
put into the Constitution in the first place; if it is
not iust that every person, wherever your juris-
diction is exclusive, should be secured and pro-
tected by law in the enjoyment of his life, iiberty,
and property, then 1 say let us at once blot out
that provision of the Constitution and restrict the
rights of life and liberty and property under the
law only to those who are fortunate enough to
have been born "freemen" by existing law, de-
claring thatthose who are slaves by inhuman and
unjust statutes are not entitled to the protection
of our law or of our Government
Viewing the matter in this light, I cannot see
with what propriety the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr, Crittenden] made the remark that
this was an unpropitious time to adopt that which
has been rejected in all the p^st. And in order
to support that, he remarked that in all the past,
now for some sixty years, the institution ol sla-
very has been sanctioned in the capital of the Re-
public by the laws of the adjoining States.
Why, sir, in all the past history of the human
race for sixty centuries the worst and the blackest
crimes known among men have been sanctioned,
if you mean by "sanction" their repeated com-
mission. Murder.is well nigh as old as the race;
it is as old at least as the first family of man. I
do not think that sort of an argument shouldkeep
us from doing justice at once and without delay,
by giving the protection of law to all who are to-
day wrongfully denied their rights in the capital,
and to all who may hereafter reside or be brought
here. That is the only question before us now,
But gentlemen say the time is unpropitious. Un-
propitious to do what? To give a practical illus-
tration of your bill of rights; an inauspicious time,
by legislative enactment, to give a significance
and efficiency to the provision of the Constitution
foi the protection of all in their rights; the time
unpropitious to illustrate by legislation for the
capital that principle of vour Constitution which
is its chicf glory—that all are equal before the law;
the time unpropitious to ameliorate the condition
of men who, in flagrant violation of your Consti-
tution, are deprived of the right to enjoy the free-
dom of their own person; who are deprived of the
right to enjoy the products of their own toil; who
are deprived of the right to enjoy the comforts of
their own homes, and to give 'their protection and
care to their own children. The time never was
and never can be unpropitious for an honest en-
deavor to do right.
Sir, I think there is no time unpropitious for an
aetofsimplejustice. Gentlemen talk about justice.
It is a term used in the Constitution; it is a term
well understood among men. It was well defined,
I believe, by Justinian, and I have never heard
his definition questioned; that was, to give to every
man his right. An unpropitious time to do justice;
an unpropitious time to say, by law, that invol-
untary servitude or slavery within this District,
where our jurisdiction is acknowledged to be ex-
clusive, is forever prohibited except as a punish-
ment for crime, upon due conviction. Happily
the language of this bill, forever prohibiting sla-
vciy here, is the very language of one of the first
enactmentsof Congress under the Constitution of
the United States. The fathers of the Constitu-
tion did not say that their first session was an
unpropitious time to enact a law providing that
slavciy should be forever prohibited in all the ter-
ritory of the United States, stretching from the
waters of the Ohio to the base of the Rocky
mountains. In the First Congress of the United
States, under the Constitution, was reenacted this
precise provision for all the Territories of the
Union. And yet we are to be told now, with such
a brilliant example before us in the legislation of
the country,that this is an unpropitious time for
doing justice here at the seat of Government, and
for removing forever hereafter, by law, from the
American people the danger and shame and dis-
grace ot allowing the spirit and letter of their Con-
stitution to be violated, at the very heart of the
Republic, under the very eyes of its lawgivers.
The Republic cannot much longer submit to this
indignity and live.
YVhy, sir, if this great wrong is to go on, if the
Republic is to be disgraced for an indefinite period
by this traffic heie, under the very shadow of
your flag, within the very walls of your Capitol,
whetf. man can assure himself that the Republic
can stand? 1 heard a remark made by a gentle-
man this morning—and I heard it I confess with
surprise and pain, for it looked like an apology
or defense of the institution of slavery here—that
to say that slavery was incompatible with the per-
manency of the Republic was to cast a reproach
upon the Constitution, and a reproach upon the
men who made it. That remark must have been
made thoughtlessly and without due considera-
tion, because nothing is clearer, in the constitu-
tional history of this Republic, than the fact that
the fathers of the Republic did deem the existence
of this institution as incompatible with the safety
of the Republic. Let gentlemen tkJio make re-
marks of that sort remember—and I only turn
aside to refer to it now to vindicate the framers of
the Constitution—that when the original draft of
that great instrument was reported to the conven-
tion, the provision which authorized the admis-
sion of new States into the Union contained the
expressive words that " new States may be ad-
mitted into the Union upon the same terms with
the original States."
The original States under the Constitution had
the power expressly reserved—not granted by the
Constitution—but expressly reserved for carry-
ing on the traffic in foreign slaves for twenty con-
secutive years. The fathers of the Constitution
were determined that no such privilege should be
guarantied or extended to any new States organ-
ized under this Constitution and admitted there-
after into the Union; and in order to give effect to
that determination they struck from the text of
the Constitution the words, " upon the same terms
with the original States." These words were
struck out purposely, that the new States organ-
ized thereafter should not come into the Union
possessed of the power of increasing this terrible
and destructive element in our social system. The
fathers of the Republic knew well that slavery
must be restricted and finally abolished, or the
Republic would perish.
My friend and colleague near me knows very
well the conditions upon which our own State—
of which we are both proud—came into theUnion
before the expiration of the time reserved by the
original States for the foreign slave traffic, with a
perpetual fetter upon her that she should not ex-
ercise that power so reserved by the original
States. Ohio was organized as a State, and ad-
mitted into the Union six years before the expira-
tion of the time reserved by the original States
for this tiafTic, but was all that time and forever
after, by the law of her admission, forbidden to
engage in either the domestic or foreign slave
traffic. This restriction was imposed in accord-
ance with the very purpose of the framers of the
Constitution, as already shown by the record of
their proceedings in convention. I say this not
only to vindicate the framers of the Constitution
from the reproach seemingly cast upon them, but
to give weight to whatever I have said in advo-
cacy of this bill. In enacting this law, we do but
walk in the footsteps of those illustrious men who
gave us the Constitution.
This change in the original draft of your Con-
stitution; the legislation of the First Congress re-
enacting the law of liberty for all the Territories;
the act for the admission of Ohio on the condition
of perpetual freedom to all law-abiding men within
her limits, were butso many acknowledgments of
the great truth that "all men are created equal,"
not in stature, not in intellectual power, not m
wealth, not in social position, not m political priv-
ileges, but equal in respect to those rights which
are as universal as the material structure of man,
as imperishable as Ins immortal nature, and to
protect, not to confer which, all good Govern-
ments are instituted among men. Pass this bill
in recognition of that great truth, in obedience to
the leqmrements of your Constitution to protect
the rights ot all under the law, and give witness,
by the significance of the act, that the world
moves, and that those who are m unjust bonds
arc not forgotten.
We are deliberating here to-day upon a bill
which illustrates the great principle that this day
shakes the throne of every despot upon the globe,
and that is  whether man was made for govern-
ment or government made for man. Those who
oppose this bill, whether they intend itor not,by
recording their votes against this enactment, reit-
erate the old dogma of tyiants, that the people are
made to be governed and not to govern. 1 deny
that proposition. I deny it because all my con-
victions are opposed to it. I deny it because lam
sure that the Constitution of my country is against
it. I cannot forget, if I would, the grand utter-
ance of one of the illustrious men of modern times
-—of whomGuizot very fitly said that his thoughts
impress themselves indelibly wherever they fall—
standing amid the despotisms of Europe, con-
scious of the great truth that all men are of right
equal before the law, that thrones may perish, that
crowns may turn to dust, that scepters may be
broken and empires overthrown, but thatthe rights
of men are perpetual: he proclaimed to listening
France, the strong, true words, " States are born,
live, and die upon the earth; here they fulfill their
destiny; but after the citizen has discharged every
duty that he owes to the State, there abides with
him the nobler part of his being, his immortal facul-
ties, by which he ascends to God and the unknown
realities of another life." I would illustrate that
utterance of the French thinker by incorporating
in our legislation this day a provision that every
human being, no matter what his complexion,
here within the limits of the capital of the Repub-
lic, shallbe secure in theenjoymentof his inherent
rights; thatthe citizen is more than the State; that
,the protection of his rights is of more concern than
any or all mere State policies. I would pass this
bill, not only for the sake of giving present relief
to the unfortunate human beings for whose special
relief it is designed, and who, if I am rightly in-
formed, are being carried hourly away from your
capital in order to perpetuate their too long en-
dured captivity, not only to burst their fetters, not
only to kindle a new joy in their humble homes
by inspiring in them a sense of personal security
and safety, but I would pass this bill for the pur-
pose as well, of giving a new assurance that the
Republic still lives, and gives promise not to dis-
appoint the hopes of the struggling nations of the
earth.
I would have the declaration made here now,
beneath the dome of the Capitol, careless of all
consequences upon the future conduct of traitors
in arms against us, that no man shall ever, in the
coming future, as long as the Republic stands,
here, at least, where our power of legislation is
supreme, be deprived of his life, of his liberty,
or of his property without due process of law; and
thtttsluvery or involuntary servitude shall never be
tolerated here m all the hereafter, except as pun-
!; ishmeot for crime upon due conviction. That is
simple justice; nothing more, nothing less; and
! it does seem to me that further argument in favor
I of a proposition resting upon the broadest, clearest
; principles of simple, even-handed justice isunne-
1 cessary. One year ago this day, slavery opened
; its batteries of treason upon your garrison in Fort
; Sumter at Charleston; let the anniversary of that
! crime be signalized by the banishment of slavery
! forever from the national capital,
j Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, a great truth
; is weakened by what men call elucidation. Illus-
I tration obscures it; logic and argument compro-
| mise it; and demonstration brings it to doubt. He
; who permits himself to be put on its defensive, is a
weak man or a coward. A great truth is never so
! strong as when left to stand on its simple assertion.
The thing right forever remains right, under all
possible circumstances and conditions; in all times,
places, and seasons. Nor can it be changed atall.
Not all power, nor the combination of all power,
| no matter how employed or applied, can change it
m the least. It matters not at all how men call
it—though the unanimous world conspire to call
it ill, and tag it out with all vile epithets; though
all obscene mouths make it common, and lewd
' tongues toss it into sewers, and delicate and re-
fined ears may not hear it—it is nowise changed.
No matter what ill happens to it; though cast out,
; exiled, banished, and outlawed, marked and for-
ever banned, made leprous with contumely and
' reproaeh; though prisoned, tried, condemned, and
executed, and its body, like carrion, cast to vul-
! tures, it still lives, is still right; holds its old place
! and old scepter. Nor can any man, by any power,
under any circumstances, for anything, be ab-
; solved from the allegiance he owes it.
• So, too, its great opposite, wrong, must forever
j be wrong, and not right. No matter, though
; taken from its native hell and enthroned a crowned
1 king; though a universe bow to it, and cry " all
; hail!" though constitutions be written to sus-
, tain it; though laws be enacted in its name, and
I ermined judges wrench the maxims of " wisdom's
