618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Treasury, I ask the Clerk to read an extract from
that letter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Immediate action is of great importance. The Treasury
is nearly empty. I have been obliged to draw for the last
installment of the November loan. So soon as it is paid, I
fear the banks generally will refuse to receive the united
States notes, unless made a legal tender. You will see the
necessity of urging the bill through without moie delay."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Has the
gentleman any further communication that has
been received from the Secretary of the Treasury
with reference to this hill ? If there has been any
received I hope he will be kind enough to have it
read to the House.
Mr. SPAULDING. A communication hasbecn
addressed by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I have no
objection to its being read.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would like to
know whether the gentleman intends to have the
"whole of the communication read, or only ex-
tracts ?
Mr. SPAULDING. I ask the Clerk to read
what I send to him. The balance of the communi-
cation is in relation merely to formal amendments.
What the Clerk will read is all of the communi-
cation that refers to the principle of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means received the letter which
it was expecting from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ?
Mr. SPAULDING. This is the one.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should be glad to
hear the whole of it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Extract from a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Committee of Wuys and Means.
Treasury Department, January *29, 1863.
Sir: Ihave the honor to acknowledge the icceiptof a
resolution of the Committee of Ways and Means, ict'orring
me to House bill No. 240, and lequesting my opinion as to
the propriety and necessity of its immediate passage hy
Congress.
Tlie condition of the Treasury certainly render* imme-
diate action on thcsubjectof atf'ording provision for the ex-
penditures ol tlie Government, both expedient and neces-
sary. The general piovisions of the bill submitted to me,
seem to mc well adapted to the end pioposed. Theie aie,
however, some points which may, perhaps, be useluiiy
amended.
The provision making United States note* a legal tendci
has doubtless been well considered by the committee, and
their conclusion needs no support from any observation ot
mine. I think it my duty, however, to say, that in respect
to this provision my reflections liave conducted me to the
same conclusions they have reached, ft is not unknown
to them that I have felt, nor do I wish to conceal that I now
feel, a gieat aversion to making anything but eom a legal
tender in payment of debts. It has been mv anxious wish
to avoid the necessity of such legislation. It is, however,
at present Impossible, in cou^equonce of the large cxpendi-
tuies entailed by tlie war, and the suspension of the hanks,
to procure suflieient coin for disbursements; and it has,
theiefor<;, bceome indispensably nece^aiy that wo should
rcsoit to the issue of United States note*. The making
them a legal tender might, however, still he avoided if the
willingness manifested by the people geneinllv, byrathoad
companies, and by many of the banking m>titution>, to
receivc and pay them as money in all transactions weie
absolutely or practically universal; but, unfmtiinatciy, theie
arc some persons and some institutions which refuse to le-
eeive and pay them, and whose action tends not merely to
the unnecessary depreciation of the notes, but to establish
discriminations in business against those who, in this mat-
ter, give a cordial support to the Go\cinm<-iit, and in favor
of those who do not. Such disci nmnation* should, If pos-
sible, he prevented; and the provision making the notes a
legal tender, In a great mea.Mue at least, prevents it, hy put-
ting all citizens, m thl* respect, on the same level, both of
rights and duties.
The committee, doubtless, fee! tlie necessity of accom-
panying this measure by legislation necessary to secuie the
highest credit as well as the In rgc-st currency of these note*
This security can be found, tri my judgment,by ptoperpio-
vistons (or funding them in interest-bearing bond*, by well-
guarded legislation authouzing banking associations with
circulation based on the bonds in which the notes are fund-
ed, and by a judicious system of adequate taxation, which
will not only ercate u demand for the notes, but—-In seem- I
ing the prompt payment of interest—mwj and Mi-tain tlie ;
credit ot the bonds. Such legislation, it may bo hoped, will 1
divest the legaltender clause of the bill of injurious tonden- {
cies, and secure the earliest possible return 10 a sound eiu-
rency ot coin and piomptly convertible notes. i
I beg leave to add that vigorous military operations and j
the unsparing retrenchment of all necessaiy expenses will I
also contribute essentially to thw desirable end. !
i have the honor to be, with vcrv great respect, yours I
truiy> * B.V.Cll ASE. ;
Hon. Tiiaddeus Stevcns, Chairman. \
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING-. I now call for !'
the reading of the rest of that letter. l|
Mr. SPAULDING. There is not the least ob- ||
jection to its being- read. It is, however, in the jl
committee room. I will state what the remain- li
der of the letter is. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury suggests some amendments to the bill. He
proposes twonew sections to the bill, one relating
to counterfeiting, and the other in regard to the
manner in which the notes shall be executed. He
proposes,instead ofhaving them signed by clerks,
that there shall be a seal or die engraved upon
them, which will indicate the authority under
which they are issued.
Mr. ROSCOE COCKLING. Are those the
only amendments?
Mr. SPAULDING. There are two or three
smaller amendments, not affecting the principle of
the bill, however, in any way. We propose in
the committee to act on those amendments to-
morrow morning. If the letter were here I would
not have the slightest objection to its being lead.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to ask the gentlemen
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
they intend to propose to have action on this bill
before action is taken on the tax bill ?
Mr. SPAULDING-. I have been anxious to
have the tax bill brought in to be first considered;
but the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
who is chairman of the sub-committee on the tanlf
and tax bills, informs us that the sup-committee
having that matter in charge will not be able to
report to the Committee of Ways and Means for
several days yet. The necessities of the Treas-
ury, therefore, will compel us to act on this bill,
however reluctantly, before the tax bill can be
introduced.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope that the
remaining portion of the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury will be printed in the Globe.
Mr. SPAuLDINGr. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
has read the whole letter, und I ask linn to state
whether the Secretary is for or against this bill
with the legal tender provision in it.
Mr. SPAULDING. He is for it. I have
another letter from him, in which he states that
lie is anxious to have it passed in that form.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Let us have that
read.
Mr. SPAULDING. It is a letter to myself.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means whether the por-
tion of the Secretary's letter which has been read
is not all of it that appertains to the principle of the
bill; and whether the balance docs not relate merely
to matters of detail?
Mr. SPAULDING. Yes, sir. I will read a
paragraph of the letter written by the Secretary
to myself this afternoon:
£ came with reluctance to the conclusion that the legal
tender clause is a necessity; hut i came to it decidedly and
support it earnestly. I do not hesitate since I have made
up my mind." * * * * «The conclusion r
have ait ived at has convinced me that it is important to the
success of the measure."
And (lieu, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the
House (ntholfp.ist four o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
JN SENATE.
Tuesday, Februmy 4, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of cit-
izens of Boston engaged in the manufacture of
steam machinery, ill which they protest against
a bill now pending before the Senate which abol-
ishes the several grades of engineers now existing
by law, and substitutes other grades inferior 111
character, and liming no legal standing: on board
of the vessels, where it is essential thatan officer's ■
rank should be fixed to insure harmony. As that
bill was yesterday referred to the Committee 011 i
Naval Affairs, I ask that this memorial take the 1
same direction.
It was so referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a. petition of cit- j
izens of Hancock county, Illinois, piaymg for
the location of a national armory at such point 1
on the foot of the lower rapids of the Mississippi ;
river as may after the necessary survey be found :
most convenient and suitable; which was ordered ;
to Ho on the table. j
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of two thou- j
sand and sixty-one citizens of Pennsylvania, pray- i
ing that the law may be so amended that homce- !
opathic surgeons may be eligible to surgical ap-
pointments in the Army and Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of Eliza-
beth Smoot, one of the heirs of Robert Speiden, a soldier in
the war of 1812, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
RESOLUTIONS OE MICHIGAN.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to present the joint
resolution of the Legislature of Michigan, asking
for the enactment of a law making frauds upon
the public Treasury a felony. I ask that it may
be read, printed, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Joint Resolution in regard to frauds upon the Treasury of
the United States.
Whereas the people of the loyal States of this Republic,
actuated by a patriotism that knows no limit, have thrown
their fortunes and their lives into the great conflict which
has been forced upon them; and whereas it is charged that
tiaitors in the disguise of patriots have plundered our Treas-
uiy, destroyed our substance, and paralyzed our efforts, by
a system of fraud and peculation: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Slate of Michigan, That our Senatois in the Congress
of the United States be instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to give the subject consideration, and, if neces-
sary, to use their efforts to procure the passage of a law
making all frauds which may be committed by any person
or persons, their agent or agents, directly or indirectly, upon
the General Government or us Treasury, a felony, punish-
able by imprisonment for yeais, or for life; or, it the exigen-
cies of the case shall require it, duiing the war, like treason,
by death upon the gallows.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to furnish each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress with a copy
of this preamble and resolution.
HENRY T. BACKUS,
President of the Senate.
DEXTER MUS&EY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Approved, January 115 1862.
AUSTIN BLAIR.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I also present a preamble
and joint resolution of the Legislature of Michi-
gan, recommending the imposition of a national
tax according to the value of property, which I
ask may be read and referred to the "Committee
on Finance.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Joint Resolution relating to tlie mode of raising revenues
by Congress.
Whereas, by the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States every direel tax must be apportioned among
the several States of the Union in pioportion to their pop-
ulation, and not according to their wealth, and all such
taxes must, therefore, bear with oppiesbive weight upon the
West, as compared with the commercial and manufactur-
ing States of the seaboard, vastly more wealthy in propor-
tion to population than those of the West; and whereas the
power of Cor.gtess to levy and collect taxes is not limited
to direct taxation, but includes the right to levy and collect
duties, imposts, and excises, as well as direct taxes; and
whereas it is but equitable and just, that while the right to
impose a direct tax is made available, that Congress should
also resort to and make use of all tlie other modes of taxa-
tion authorized under the Constitution which have a tend-
ency to more nearly apportion taxation among the States
according to their wealth; and whereas all the legitimate
means within the power of the Government should be re-
ported to m order to maintain it and suppress the rebellion
against its authority : Theiefoie,
Be \t resolved. That the Senators of this State in Con-
gie.ss be instructed, and the Representatives be requested,
to use all their pioper influence to procure such action as
will not only bring all the available resouiees of the coun-
tiy to the suppoit of tlie Government, but will bring them
to that suppoit m such a manner, whether it be by further
imports upon i evenness, or taxe-- upon equipage, gold and sil-
ver plate, or any other aitieies of utility or luxury, or in any
other oi all such legitimate modes as will have a tendency
to equalize the burdens of taxation upon the various sec-
Uuns of the country m pioportion to their wealth, and enable
and requite those mo^t able, and having the most interest
in the pinsmvation of the Government, to contribute their
fnl! «haie nf the means icquisite to maintain and uphold it.
Resolved* That the Governor bu requested to tiansmit
copies of this lesolution to each of oui Senators and Rep-
resentatives m Congress. BYRON G. STOUT,
President of the Senate jrro tempore.
DEXTER MUSSEY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Approved, January 15, I860.
AUSTIN BLAIR.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I also present a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the same State against
the sale of intoxicating liquors to officers and sol-
diers of the Army; which I ask may be printed
and laid on the table.
