1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
3fan Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
Julian] in the course of an able speech which he
delivered in the early part of the session. I knew
that gentleman was radical in his opinions, but I
did not think that he or any other gentleman would
publicly announce the sentiments which he did on
that occasion. In the course of his remarks he
used the following language:
" The nation is greater than the Constitution, because it
made the Constitution. We had a country before we had
a Constitution, and at all hazards we must save it. The
Constitution was made for the people, not the people for
the Constitution. Cases may atise in which patriotism
itself may demand that we trample undei our leet some of
the most vital principles of the Constitution."
The gentleman is entitled to great credit for can-
dor of statement, but not, in my judgment, for
sound logic. The fact that the nation—or the
people who comprise it—through their delegates,
framed the Constitution, which was afterwards
ratified by the States, does not authorize Con-
gress, which is the crcature of the Constitution, to
violate that instrument while it remains in force as
the organic law of the land. The people of the
nation having adopted the Constitution as it is,
are bound by its provisions until they amend it in
the manner therein provided for, or by common
consent annul it. But in no case, while it is in
force, can a majority of the people, assuming to
be the nation, violate the national compact to the
injury of the humblest citizen. While it may be
true that the nation is greater than the Constitu-
tion, it followson the same principle that the Con-
stitution is greater than Congress or cither of the
departments of Government which the Constitu-
tion has called into existence. And neither Con-
gress nor any other department of Government
can exercise powers not authorized by that instru-
ment, which is the "source of their being."
If it be admitted that either of the departments
of Government have the right, in a particular in-
stance, to disregard the Constitution, because,in
the opinion of some organization of men over
zealous m a particular cause, a military necesstty
requires the exercise of unconstitutional powers;
the same necessity may constitute an excuse for
the most flagrant and oft-repeated violations of the
Constitution and abuses of power by the officers
of Government, when their personal interest or
that of their friends prompt them to their commis-
sion; and in the end all constitutional as well as
natural rights will be at the disposal of our rulers;
and instead of having a Constitution and a Union
to vindicate we shall fin<J ourselves without hope
for the future, serving no other purpose than that
of sustaining those in power who are trampling
upon the rights which were handed down to us by
the patriots of the Revolution.
I know whenever the slavery question arises
there is a disposition to pass lightly over all such
considerations as I have indicated; but if viola-
tions of the Constitution are permitted, they will
not stop with measures connected with the insti-
tution of slavery, but the same gross violations,
under the same plea, will extend to all the opera-
tions of the Government upon all subjects. I
cannot, therefore, conseift to any plain infractions
of the Constitution, under any plea whatever.
Although I might not be disposed to cavil about
the exercise of doubtful constitutional powers
when the exercise of such powers were required
for the public welfare, yet I have not thus far seen
the necessity of Congress or the Executive exer-
cising any powers for the emancipation of slaves,
if by any reasonable construction of the Consti-
tution they may do so; and, in my humble judg-
ment, no such power can be exorcised by cither
over any of the slaveholding States of the Union.
But it is unnecessary to argue the question of
power over the States as heretofore understood by
all parties. I have already referred to the resolu-
tion of the 11th of February, 1862, supported by
every Republican member of Congress, not even
excepting the distinguished gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] who is so notorious for his
radical views on this subject.
I might also refer to the following resolution,
offered about the same time by Mr. Palmer, of
New York, a Republican, and supported by the
entire Republican delegation present in the House
at the time:
"Resolved. That neither the Federal Government, nor
the people or governments of the n<m slaveliolding Stales,
have a purpose or a constitutional right to legislate upon,
or interfere with, slavery in any of the States otthe Union.
In addition to these resolutions we have had the
declarations of the leaders of the Republican party
upon all occasions since its organization that they
had no intention of interfering with the institu-
tions of any of the Suites; that it was to the exten-
sion of slavery that the opposition of the party was
raised, and not against it where it already exist-
ed. Those who are now in rebellion against the
Government denied the truth of those declara-
tions. Theycharged that the party was insincere
in making them; that the party being based upon
the " one idea," that of hostility to slavery, its ob-
ject was toget control of the Government by these
promises of non-intervention, and then bring the
whole power of the Government to bear against
the institution whciever itcxisted, and that the
only safety of the slaveholders was to seize their
portion of the public arms and public property,
that these might not be used in sustaining and
waginga war against them and their institutions."
The Republican leaders denied those charges, and
the resolutions to which I have referred were per-
haps intended as further evidence of their sincerity.
It is to be lamented, however, that these resolu-
tions, as well as all other measures looking to a
peaceful adjustmentof our difficulties, weie with-
held until the Gulf States had withdrawn, and had
agovernment of their own m operation. A heavy
responsibility rests upon those who trifled until
the last moment with events that were to determine
the fateof thirty millions of people. I believe the
people of the country and posterity will hold the
men responsible who, having the poweV to pro-
pose and adopt measures for conciliation with the
people of the South, sneered at their complaints
until the time for conciliation had gone.
But what I have to say in regard to the pro-
posed means of emancipation is, that when they
are adopted they will confirm the charges made,
and the distrust expressed by those who arc now
in rebellion against the Government; and notonly
will the people of the South be confirmed in then-
belief of the insincerity of this party, but the peo-
ple of the whole country will be brought to the
conclusion that such was the policy of the party
from the beginning, and that they have secured
power by false pretenses. The pledges made to
the people by this party are too fresh in their rec-
ollection to be so soon forgotten. A standing ap-
peal of the party, when rallying friends to its sup-
port, was addressed to those " who desired to sec
the Government restored as it was in the days of
Washington and Jefferson, and to those opposed
to peculations and frauds in Government, to rally
to the support of the party." " The Government
has been restored as it wns" with a vengeance.
Instead of peace, harmony, and general prosperity,
we have war, revolution, and general bankruptcy;
instead of freeing the Government of peculations
and frauds, we have them increased a hundred
fold. The Treasury is bleeding at every poie by
the depiedations of Government contractors and
unfaithful officials.
" Homes for the homeless," were among the
pledges of tho party; but theie seems to have been
a condition that those who receive them should
serve three years in the Army, fighting for them
before enjoying them.
But these are results which may not have in-
tentionally been brought about, at least not by the
President, who no doubt would gladly have had
his Administration a more prosperous one. But
they are results which were foretold yearsagoby
the Democratic party, in the event of the success
of a sectional candidate to the Presidency. The
Republican party sneered at these predictions, and
denounced those who made them as " Union
croakers," scoffing at the idea of an attempt to
disrupt the Union. Time has shown who was
right and who was wrong in their views of policy.
Let facts speak for themselves. We have the re-
sults before us, and let each man judge for himself
as to where the responsibility rests.
But to return to the subjects of confiscation and
emancipation, which are frequently used as sy-
nonymous, but which are very distinct-, confis-
cation meaning to apply to the use of the public
Treasury, emancipation being the actof liberating
those in bondage. The motive in blending the two
subjects together is, no doubt, to carry emancipa-
tion, which is the absorbing idea with gentlemen
on the other side of the House, under the head of
" confiscating property of rebels." Emancipation
and confiscation are so distinct that it is entirely
useless to consider them in the same bills. No one
seriously proposes to sell the negroes of rebels and
place the proceeds in the public Treasury, which
would be the only way ofconfiscating them. This
would be recognizing them as property, which, I
amquitesure our Republican friends will never do.
It has been said by gentlemen on the other side
of the House that those who refuse to support
bills for the emancipation of the slaves of rebels
arc for making this species of property more sacred
than other property. This is a slight admission
on their part that slaves are property, which I
have never admitted to be the case, except m those
States where the institution exists by municipal
regulation, or in those instances where the provis-
ion of the Constitution extends for the recapture
of fugitive slaves. If slaves are property, and it
confiscation bills are to be passed,a general law for
confiscating the property of rebels will suffice. But
the bills which have been introduced on this subject
provide in some manner for confiscating the prop-
erty of disloyal persons, and then conclude with
a section, to which the residue of the provisions
are a mere prelude, providing for the emancipa-
tion of persons claimed to be held to service or
labor by disloyal persons. The object of framing
those bills in this way is doubtles to compel gen-
tlemen to vote for the whole of them, including
the abolition of slavery, or be liable to the charge
of opposing the confiscation of rebel property,
which gentlemen suppose a very grave charge,
but which I am at all times ready to incur when
there is no constitutional authority for such con-
fiscation. The only manner in which the private
property of rebels can be confiscated is in pur-
suance of such laws as have been or may be enacted
for the punishment of treason, in obedience to the
thiid section of the third article of the Constitu-
tion, which is as follows:
" Tteason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adheting to their enemies,
giving them aid and eomiori. No person MiaU be eonvieteu
oi treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the
same overt aet,ot on confession in open couit.
"The Congress shall have power to deelaie the punish
m^nt of treason; but no attainder of treason shall work eor-
mption ol blood or jorjeiture, exccpt during the tijc of the
peison attainted
If the property of rebels is forfeited, it must
necessarily be for treason, as there is no other
crime that, by the Constitution, incurs this pen-
alty; before the property can be forfeited the owner
must be convicted, and this, according to the sec-
tion of the Constitution just read, can only be on
confession in open court, or on the testimony of
two witnesses to the same overt act. The con-
viction must be through the medium of a court;
not only must the conviction be in a court, but the
trial in such case according to the second section
of the same article of the Constitution, shall be
by jury. The conviction must be in pursuance
of existing laws defining the degree of guilt. Laws
cannot, be enacted for the purpose of reaching back
to acts not made cuminul by statutes existing at
the time of their commission, nor can statutes be
framed increasing the penalty of crimes already
committed beyond their penalty at the time, for it
is expressly declared by the Constitution that" no
ex -post facto lawshall be passed." Trial for trea-
son, as well as all other crimes, when committed
in any State, shall be in the State where committed.
When trial and conviction of the patty accused is
had, which mustnlso be upon presentment or in-
dictment of agrandjury, (fifth article Amendments
to the Constitution,) then follows, as the result of
that conviction, forfeiture of his property, if an-
nexed as a penalty by existing laws; but the for-
feiture is only, at most, during the life of the per-
son attainted. Thus it is that numerous guards
and restrictions are thrown around the adminis-
tration of the pumshmentof the crime of tieason,
which is the crime of which those engagedin the
rebellion are guilty.
It may be said that laws thus tardy in their
operation cannot be executed in a rebellion so for-
midable, and that we must not thus be restrained
in administering punishment to those who have
been attempting to overthrow the Government—
that there are no courts in many of the States to
administer the law on this subject. If the Con-
stitution has not made ample provision for emer-
