1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gray fathers" for its support; though jurors be
sworn by it, and all magistrates bound to enforce
its decrees; though its name be written in all holy'
places, and graved on all shrines,and its maxims
mingled in the rites of holy ministration, and its
sanctified hands only can bless and curse, join
and put asunder; though it reign till hoary pre-
scription grows up and surrounds it with a wall
of custom and habit and use, that existed "time
whereof the memory of man runneth not to the
contrary;"still itis wrong,and notright. Ilsreign
is an usurpation, its laws an outrage, against
which rebellion is righteous; and the immunities
and privileges which it confcrs are the fruits of
robbery, murder, and ravishment.
No man can rightfully do a wrong; nor can one
man authorize another to do the wrong; nor can
ten, five hundred, or five hundred thousand men.
No matter with what formality or solemnity the
power is sought to be conferred, whether by com-
mon consent, or by the legislative forms of a State
or nation, the power of attorney is invalid, and
the thing done pursuant to its scope is a crime. A
thousand years of growth cannot change wrong
to right.
The proposition which lam to consider asserts
a great truth, broadly and clearly. 1 will listen
to no argument against it, nor will I detract from
its force by being put upon its defense. This
measure is indeed worthy of an American Con-
gress. Look through our huge tumid volumes
of statutes, and mark on every page our ever-
lasting legislation for the material interests of
property, and not a solitary entfetment for truth,
humanity, and justice. Everything astute and
shrewd and sagacious, to foster, cherish,and build
up the privileges and interests of those strong
enough, in the absence of law, to protect them-
selves; and not a single section or clause to lift
the crushing weight of two hundred years of kill-
ing oppression from the weakest and poorest ele-
ments of humanity, our subjects though they are.
Nay, that very poverty and weakness are the sole
pretexts for the wrongand oppression. We have
now before us a bill that proposes diiectly to de-
throne and annihilate a huge, hoary wrong, and
recall and reenthrone the banished right.
With me to argue, declaim, or inveigh against
this measure, is the idlest waste of the most use-
less breath that indolent trifling can indulge in.
1 turn to the great rules of right, and I see that
you have razed out the decalogue of Omnipotence,
and have daubed and smeared over the eternal ad-
amant with the code of slavery; and 1 know that
it is all a huge he, without semblance or seeming
of truth
It is idle to establish to me the inferiority of that
sinless race—I see that they are men; useless, by
curious physiological and ethnological disquisi-
tion , to affirm a difference between the African and
Caucasian tribes—for I know that God created
both. It is, to me, blasphemy to attempt to show
that the Creator intended this race for slaves, for
the very elements of our common nature, which
are the common basis upon which God planted the
races, gives that dogma the he. If I was to base
an estimate upon the practical givings out of this
House, on a recent memoidble occasion, I should
suppose that these, my views, were not those of
a majority of tins body. So low in the ranks of
humanity do these bondmen stand, that they were
deemed the proper subjects of taxation. The pro-
prietary interest of the master in the slave pre-
dominates over the human interest of a man in
himself; and had the selfishness of the masters and
their allies have permitted them to unite with the
large body of gentlemen who votrd to tax slaves,
the tax would have been laid. Nay, so unhuman
were they practically held, that they could not be
the subjects of a capitation tax even. For as a
capitation tax the scheme was conceded to be un-
constitutional. I do not stop here to combat that
low dogma, that that is pioperty which the lasv
of the place makes property, i only assert that
property is the only universal basis of taxation;
and where a given subject is assessed with a tax,
that that is a practical recognition of such subject
as property. It is idle to seek a confusion of ideas
in a confusion of words, and so escape; of what
avail to call this a relation, and then say you li-
cense the relation. In that form the proposition
is just as obnoxious to me; I would permit for no
millions such a relation, nor would I under any
form derive money from it for any purpose. I
would as soon think of filling the exchequer with
the gains of prostitution.
As men, a capitation tax may be so laid as to
fall on these persons. Every other possible form
reduces them to things, and in no other way can
they be taxed.
Slavery is a hideous anachronism, coming to us
out of the barbarism and old dead night of the
past, with no good in it, bringing no good with
it, and allied to no good about it; growing day by
day more abhorrent and unseemly; and must be
consumed by the light and heat of our Christian
civilization.
It need not be urged as a palliation or offset, that
the condition of the slave is more elevated than
that of his ancestors or brethren in Africa. That,
if true, was neither intended or desired by the
master. It is in opposition to his wish, and in
spite of his most persistent efforts to the contrary.
He has done all in his power to prevent it; for just
in proportion as the slave rises in the scale of man-
hood, he sinks in the scale of servitude. The
master punishes with imprisonment a woman for
teaching a slave to read, and the crude notions of
Christianity that he permits them to imbibe are
warped with a diabolism that makes them the
more submissive to his will, and hence the more
abased.
I can, to some extent, understand and make
allowance for the position and views of gentlemen
on this subject whose birth and education, whose
habits of hie and thought and culture were in the
thick, unnatural, hot, and stimulating atmosphere
and surroundings of this institution. Its rude
barbaric phase of life, with its unnatural sights
and sounds, its troops of half-naked, abject, cow-
ering, ministering forms, and its voices and strange
language, half sad, half jubilant, and all a wail
and hymn of despair, were the first images and
sounds that met their baby senses. To them it
always was, and for them always must be, an un-
questioned, seeming, positive good. Its images
lun through all the memories and the traditions
of their families; is part and parcel of all they are
and have; and m its absence they can imagine no
future. Something of this I can understand and
allow for; and these gentlemen for these views I
do not reproach.'
But I cannot understand and I will make no
allowance for those men who draw their being
and life and growth from another source, in the
midst of another atmosphere and surroundings,
where this thing is a banned and branded outlaw
and felon—who, on any pretext, for any purpose,
not only excuse and palliate, but justify and sus-
tain slavery; who violate all the instincts of their
nature, trample on all the traditions of their fath-
ers and scoff at all the teachings of their motheis,
and willingly submit themselves to the yoke and
scourge and do the behests of these task-masters
for such hire as they can give.
Oh ! it will forever remain to me one of the most
incomprehensible of the inscrutable ways of Prov-
idence how—upon the soil and in the atmosphere
of the North—how or why matter should ever be
permitted to crawl into the similitude of abased
humanity, and become impregnated with life so
grovehngas to ally and link itself to this slaveiy,
and turn and with beslavered hands tear open new
ways whereby this thing might march to new
conquests and increased power. And yet that
such men have existed, and did so grovel and so^
ally themselves, is emblazoned on the page of
aheady written history. And it was under the
consecrated banner of that "holy alliance," that
marched the fearful events that conducted us to
the present catastrophe. The party perished,
utterly and completely in a single day, that the
country mi«;htlive. The paity perished, and most
men found their manhood again.
And yet, although this slavery is shaking a
hemisphere in its death agonies, and although the
great party lies in dead and scarcely seen fragments
in the land, having passed through that damna-
tion that precedes death, a few scattered and bat-
tered survivors of its old host, whom no judgments
can convert and no calamities instruct, still dream
of the lesurrection of the party, of the restoration
of slavery, of a reconstruction of the old alliance,
and a return of the old joint power and glory.
Were ever even dreams so provocative of sarcasm
and ridicule ? The very bones of their party are
too dead to exfoliate even, and decent chanty cries
for earth to cover them from the gaze of scoffing
men; As well might a brood of obscene insects,
warmed into life in a rottiog carcass, dream of
restored life and strength to the dead monster in
whose corrupted ftesh they riot. s *
And yet here and there are ruhningfftbramlfro,
and there is a fearful putting together of soft ad-
dled heads, and terrible plottings and arraftgings
and rearrangingsofrickety,worn-out, useless^ and
obsolete party machinery. Oh,it is an absurdly
idle and laughter-provoking farce, this reconstruc-
tion of the party. The great old leaders, where
are they? One prematurely slumbers where the
translucent waters of his magnificent lake break
in lisping wavelets at his feet; and the rest, in the
grand proportions of patriots and heroes, march
at the head of countless millions, whose armed
tread trample alike on the shackles of the slave
and on the shackles of the party.
It is here alone that puny hands are raised, and
piping, petulant voices cry out and exclaim against
the progress of events, and propose to reconstruct
the party. My colleague, [Mr. Vallandigham,]
said well in the declaration that none of these men
" made his mark;" and the aside that 11 none of
them ever will" was still better.
With me this measure is one of power, and there
can be no question of that. I read in the Constitu-
tion of our fathers that the Congress shall " exer-
cise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever"
over this District. Not merely that Congress has
legislative power, but "exclusive" power; not
merely in a few specified cases, but in " all cases
whatsoever." Where is the room for doubt, the
ground for argument, or the excuse for cavil, in the
presence of this explicit declaration. But we are
told that the cession of this territory and people to
the United States was accompanied by certain con-
ditions that hedge in and fence around this slavery,
and wall us away from all interference with it
except to aid it, perhaps. Conditions! What con-
ditions? Where are they set down, and in what
terms ?
It is said they were not written, but implied. Im-
plied? When, how, where, and by whom ? Were
the parties who made that solemn cession fools?
Had they intended that the grant should have
been accompanied by conditions, think you they
would have left their existence to implication?
Never. They would have been solemnly written
down and placed beyond cavil, and yet it is in
this very fact that no conditions were written, and
that nota single cotemporaneous word was uttered
of any conditions, that evidence only is found that
conditions were implied. If conditions had been
written, or could as clearly be implied, they are
a limit upon the exercise of the " exclusive legis-
lation in all cases whatsoever," and therefore void.
But aside from this plenary power of the Con-
stitution, the argument upon the facts establishes
these never to be shaken conclusions. The pro-
prietor of the territory and sovereign of the peo-
ple transferred both absolutely, without reserva*
tion, condition, or qualification. And this trans-
fer was so made with the fullest consent of those
whose lives and fortunes were thus committed k>
the new sovereign. No right of self-government;
i no right to question or even suggest in whatman-
j ner they might thereafter be governed by the new
j sovereign was reserved to the so-transferred peo-
j pie, strange and anomalous as that may be. No
i pledge of any sort that their status or privileges
j sliould remain as they were was given or asked.
And this, too, when they knew that the new sov-
ereign would have absolute power over all. The
supposed benefits to arise under the new sovereign
were deemed an ample compensation tor any dis-
abilities that might be imposed; and this people
thus m advance pledged themselves to the unques-
tioning obedience of every decree of the new sov-
ereign, unless they should contravene the laws of
ughtand humanity, which no sovereign, however
absolute, can violate. The people of this District
may not now rightfully question the adoption of
this measure. Thus, then, stands the argument:
the Constitution confers upon us "exclusive"
power in "all cases whatsoever." This people
j were transferred to us pursuant to this broad power
I and with their own free assent. There were also
transferred to us certain bondmen, who became
our subjects. This measure restores them_to free-
dom—reestablishes a great and everlasting right—
and there I leave it.
Ingenious and learned men have applied to this
measure the little questions of technical legality,
