1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it is a tax imposed over the whole country, im-
posed on every man in it. That is a capitation
or poll tax. We tax lawyers in this bill; we
tax their license to practice. Is not the taxation
on lawyers a poll tax as much as the tax upon
slaves? Again: suppose we were to impose cer-
tain taxes on the service due from an apprentice
to a master, would that be a capitation or poll
tax ? Is it not a proper subject of taxation ? The
master has property in the service of the slave,
and we tax that property or claim of property.
I agree with the Senator from New Hampshire
on that question, and I would he as far as he from
any recognition of the right of property in man.
I will never make the recognition; and yet 1 am
here to legislate practically on this question.
What is the fact? We know that slavery exists
in this country; that some four millionsof blacks
are already in this condition; that the master
claims propeity in the service of his slave, and
has property in the service of his slave. We pro-
pose to tax that. I care not what you call it. It
is property which the master claims and enjoys,
and it is a proper subject of taxation. That is
what this amendment proposes to do. It pro-
poses to impose a tax upon the claim of service
which the master has in his slave—neither more
nor less.
Mr. President, where these strong constitu-
tional arguments are found against the imposition
of this tax I cannot see. It is no moiea capita-
tion tax than the tax imposed in this bill upon law-
yers; it is no more a capitation tax than if this
bill imposed a tax upon the service of appren-
tices. It is in no sense n capitation or poll tax.
I shall vote against the reconsideration.
Mr. HAIILAN. Sometimes m stating our po-
litical theories we talk rather loosely. I think the
Senator from New Hampshire did so this morn-
ing when ho attempted to convince the Senate that
nothing could be considered in the light of prop-
erty so fully as the beasts of the field, tiic fishes
of the sea, and the fowls of the air. I would not
attempt to discuss a question of this kind with
him; but from my memory of rny early reading
of elementary law books, 1 think these things are
not regaided by publicists as property, not one of
them, no more so than the water of the sea or the
air that we breathe. We attach the idea of prop-
erty to a thing which acquires value m conse-
quence of labor or in consequence of the applica-
tion of human genius or skill. The birds of the
air, I think, aie not property in that sense, nor the
fishes of the sua, nor the wild beasts of the field.
It is only after they have acquired an additional
value by the application of human labor, human
genius,or human skill, that we attach to them the
idea of property.
A savage captured in the jungle, and instructed
and rendered useful in civil society, may be treated
as piopcrty in a qualified sense without violating
these elementary principles, atleast, until the cap-
tors shall receive fair remuneration for the labor
and human skill applied in his improvement. The
savage thus civilized and improved comes under
an implied obligation to pay the captor who be-
comes his instructor for the benefit conferred. It
is on the same principle which is supposed to obli-
gate the child to remunerate the parent for pro-
tecting, feeding, clothing, sheltering, and educa-
ting him during infancy. The party on whom the
benefit is conferred is held to owe the benefactor
a fair return. And this implied debt may be held
to be property without violating any elementary
principle'of law or justice. Negroes brought to
this country fiom Africa in a savage condition,
and taught to labor and to fulfill many of the obli-
gations that men owe to each other in civil society,
being elevated in the scale of human existence, are
held'm some of the States to be property—they
are bought and sold as such—and taxed as prop-
erty understate laws. The people of these States
cannot, therefore, complain if this Government
should tax them as it (axes other property.
I have never considered slaves as property, ex-
cept m the qualified sense above explained, nor
do I believe that this Government should treat
them as property in such a sense as to conflict
with their rights as human beings; nor do I ad-
mit that whatever rights of property may exist in
the labor of the negro originally captured, brought
to this country, and civilized, can rightfully be
perpetuated in his children born under the flag of
ihe Union, and consequently entitled to the pro-
tection of the Government. The child cannot be
treated as attainted in this country, and robbed of
his natural rights, by cither the misfortunes or
crimes of his ancestors. To compel the child to
toil his whole life, and his posterity to the end of
time, on account of a debt due to another from his
mother, violates so flagrantly every principle of
natural justice as to be entitled only to denuncia-
tion.
But that they are thus held by the citizens of
several States in the Union is none the less true.
They are held under State laws as property, and
as I have before remarked, they are taxed by State
authority as property, and this Government may
certainly tax their masters for their use as prop-
erty, without sanctioning the title by which they
are held, or indorsing the original justice of the
owner's claim to the service. The only thing as-
sumed by this Government m levying the tax on
those who claim to be the rightful owners of the
services of others, is that a debt may legally and
justly exist, payable in labor; that such a debt
due in labor is properly liable to taxation for the
support of the Government. It does not inquire
into the character of the title in the individual case
presented more than the title to land, factories, or
distilleries, before making the assessment. Land,
factories, distilleries, debts payable in money or
labor, are property; hence they may be taxed. You
do not trace the title by which they are held in
any case; you tax them wherever they are found;
you require the claimant in whose hands the prop-
erty is found to pay the tax. In taxing the own-
ers of slaves, you violate no principle, you lend
no indorsement to title; you follow a uniform rule
of assessment, and the tax would he just in its
application. The claimants of slave labor are
able to pay a reasonable assessment; and ought
to be required to bear their just proportion of the
public burdens.
I will not enter on an examination of the con-
stitutional question raised. It has been ably de-
bated by others; and I find that the most able con-
stitutional lawyers of the Senate differ in opinion.
It can therefore bo considered only as doubtful.
I will give my country the benefit of that doubt.
For myself, after listening attentively to the
reasoning of others, and giving to the subject as
candid and thorough an examination as I have
been able during this debate, I say frankly I have
no doubt of our constitutional authority to levy
this tax. I will vote against the reconsideration.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, when this
question was under discussion some days ago, I
stated briefly my objections to the proposition to
impose this tax, and adverted to the decision of
the Supreme Court on the subject, and the com-
mentaries of the ablest writers on the Constitu-
tion that the country has had, with a view to show
that it was in conflict with the provisions of the
Constitution to impose it. I do not propose, this
morning, to recapitulate what I said then, but I
think it proper that I should say, though I do not
suppose it will affect anybody's voteexcept my
own, that if the amendment be retained in the
bill I shall content myself with voting against the
hill itself when it is put upon its passage. I can-
not, and I will not, vote for this or any other bill
which, in my judgment, contains a provision in
gross and palpable conflict with the Constitution.
The Senator from Massachusetts asserts, in
very positive and emphatic terms, that there is
no doubt about the constitutional power of Con-
gress to impose this tax upon slaves, admitting
at the same time that if it be a capitation or poll
tax, we have no constitutional power to impose
it. Now, f should like to know from the Senator
from Massachusetts what m his judgment is a
capitation or poll tax?
Mr. SUMNER. A tax on every head through-
out the country.
Mr. BROWNING. Does the Senator mean
that every head must be included to constitute it
a poll or capitation tax ?
Mi. SUMNER. 1 do.
Mr. BROWN LNG. The Senator, then, would
insist that if a tax were imposed upon aclass of
persons,and upon the beads of that class, it would
not he a capitation tax.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it would not be, es-
pecially if it were imposed on that class on ac-
count of tiny particular business.
Mr. BROWNING. That is not the question
I am asking. If it wete a direct tax of so many
dollars per head imposed upon a classes a class,
would it, or would it hot, be a capitation tax?
Mr. SUMNER. I sayfrankly that I think it
would not be a capitation tax, but then I adtl
especially if it were ifiiposed on a clasfe with, ref-
erence to their particular business, as lawyers or
auctioneers. The Senator ha^ already voted for "
a tax on both of these classes. ; '
Mr. BROWNING. I have not voted for a tax
upon either of those classes as classes. I wish
to get at a distinct understanding of this matter.
I do not desire to misunderstand, and do hot in-
tend to misrepresent the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, but I do desire to get his idea. Now,
sir, suppose we should pass a law imposing a tax
of ten dollars per head upon every white person
in the United States: I ask the Senator whether
that would be a poll or capitation tax in his
opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that it would
be a capitation tax; but I hesitate when I say that.
I must confess I hesitate when I say that would
be a capitation tax, because my idea of a capita-
tion tax is one that is universally applicable to
every head.
Mr. BROWNING. Now, sir, I suppose that
if a tax of two dollars per head upon every white
person in the United States would be a capitation
or poll tax, a tax of two dollars per head upon
every black person in the United States would be
equally a poll or capitation tax. I think there is
no escaping that conclusion.
But, sir, the Senator placed his advocacy of this
proposition, his argument in favor of tile consti-
tutionality of the proposition, upon the ground,
not that it was a capitation tax—I concede that—
but that it was a tax upon the business of the per-
sons upon whom the tax is imposed. That was
the distinct and exclusive ground upon which he
based the constitutional right to impose this tax.
The same ground was taken by him in the previ-
ous debate, and I then read in the hearing of the
Senate the next following provision in the Con-
titution: "no tax or duty shall be laid on ai tides
exported from any State, "and I asked theSenator,
to which he has given no reply, whether pork
packing was not a business, and whether he,could
evade that provision 
Mr. SUMNER. Whether what was not a
business?
Mr. BROWNING. Packing pork, and export-
ing pork; and whether ho could evade that pro-
vision of the Constitution which declares that no
tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported from
any State; and I ask again whether we can evade
that provision of the Constitution by imposing a
tax of two dollars per barrel upon every banel
of pork which shall he exported from Illinois by
saying that we do not lay it on the exportation,
but that welay it on the business of packing pork?
No answer was given. We can do that just as
well as we can evade the other constitutional pro-
vision by saying that a tax of two dollars per head
upon negroes is not a poll or capitation tax, but
a tax upon the business of raising and working
slaves. It is, as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire says, a change of names only; the substance
remains. We are accomplishing the substance
under the name and pretext of a mere shadow.
We may evade every other constitutional provis-
ion just as easily and just as ingeniously, in my
opinion, as we shall evade this.
Now, sir, 1 am not going any further into this
discussion on the present occasion. I only repeat
that I can content myself by recording my vote
against the bill when it is put upon its passage,
if this amendment shall be retained.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 presume there is no differ-
ence among Senators in their desire to follow the
Constitution. The Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] on my right cannot be more desirous
to follow it than the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Wilmot] who is on my left. In that
respect they are equal. Nor do I believe that the
Senator from Illinois over the way can claim to
himself any particular monopoly of devotion to
the Constitution. In that respect, sir, wo are all
on an equality, but our difference is as to the
meaning of the Constitution. And permit me to
say that it is a poor argument which finds its chief
force in asseverations of devotion to the Constitu-
tion. For myself, conscious of my obligations,
and of my loyalty, I make no such asseverations.
Nor again, sir, do I believe that the Senator
