m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 24,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Mien.
Ho., or Reps.
geneies like the present, it is no part of our duty,
sworn as we are to support the present Constitu-
tion, to undertake to make a new one. But if we
shall succeed in subduing the rebels, so that the
practicability ofpunishing for treason shall arise,
there will be no difficulty in executing the law on
this subject. But for the present we shall have
enough to do in using all the power of the Gov-
ernment in suppressing rebellion and restoring
Federal authority in the seceding States. "When
thisisaccomplisfied,thelawscan be executed, and
not effectually until then. As was suggested by
the learned gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] in his very able speech upon this sub-
ject,even if the rebellion should not for a time be
suppressed in all the seceded States so far as to
permit the restoration of the judiciary and the ex-
ecution of the laws therein, yet many, and per-
haps most, of those actively engaged (as leaders
at least) in the rebellion, might be tried in some
of the States where the judicial authority has not
been obstructed, or where it has been restored. For
instance: in Tennessee, Kentucky,and Missouri,
the military operations of the rebel government
have been extensive, and, although many of the
leaders have not been actually present in these
States in person heading the rebellion, yet they
havebeen constructively pre sent, from the fact that
they have directed, controlled, and superintended
those military operations, and are therefore liable
to trial,conviction,nnd punishmentin some ofthe
loyai States for treason. 1 suppose the president
of the so-called confederate States mi^lu be tried
in Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, or
Maryland for treason beforeacourt and jury which
would administer the law in all its rigor, but, to
use an old adage," as catching is before hanging,"
it is needless to speculate upon this feature of the
question now.
It remains to bo seen yet whether the Govern-
ment will find it practicable to execute the penalty
of the law against those in custody of its proper
officers, and against the trial and conviction of
whom there is no impediment; or even whether the
rigor of the law will be visited on those already
convicted of that moat heinous of crimes, " pi-
racy." If it shall be found impracticable to exe-
cute the penalties of the law in these cases, when
the remedy is plain, why complain aboutpersons
oseuping punishment where there is no remedy,
or an incomplete one ? If the penalty of the law
which affects the person cannot be executed
against n party in custody, why need the penally
be visited on the property of those not in custody,
if it were legal and possible to do so?
The Constitution has provided that " no attain-
der of treason shall work corruption of blood or
forfeiture, except during the life of the person at-
tainted." This is a humane provision, intended to
confine the punishment to the person committing
the crime,and to preventtheiniquiticsoftheguilty
party from being visited oil his innocent family;
but the confiscation bills alluded to propose to
punish the guilty party by taking from his fam-
ily, who may have been guilty of no crime, then-
means of subsistence, turning them out of house
and home, to become outcasts in the world, for
no fault of theirs. 1 ask if humanity sanctions
such measures as those, if there were no constitu-
tional impediment. Another objection to the jus-
tice of this absolute confiscation oi property, not
only for life, but in lee, is that suggested by the
same distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Thomas,] to whose able remarks 1
have already adverted, namely: that it takes from
the hundredsand thousands of Union men in the
disloyal States the means by which they mio-ht,
111 the future, indemnify themselves for outrages
committed upon them and their property by the
rebels, whose property would be liable to respond
to theamountof damages incurred by Union men
from their illegal acts. But if the property of reb-
els is appropriated by the Government, Union
men in the disloyal States, who havebeen dispos-
sessed of their entire property by those in rebel-
lion, whether under the color of so-called confed-
erate law or without the sanction of law, will be
left without a remedy for all tune to come.
But it is claimed by those who admit that these
sweeping acts of confiscation and emancipation
nave no sanction in the Constitution in times of
peace, that Congress, by virtue of the war power,
can confiscate the property and emancipate the
slaves of rebels. If Congress, or any of the
departments of Government, have .any " war
power," varying from their power in peace, they
must derive it from the Constitution, as they are
called into existence by it and receive all their
powers from it. What is the " war power" of
Congress, as it is called? The eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution provides that—
"Congress shall have power to declare war, giant letters
of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning cap-
tures on land and watei."
"To raise and support armies;" to provide ami main-
tain a navy j1' " to make rules for the government and reg-
ulation of the land and naval forces.5'
" To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws ot Hie Union, feupiness msuirecuonb, and repel m
various."
" To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing sueh part of them as may be em-
ployed in the bcrvice ofthe United States."
The above paiagiaphs contain all the power
that is vested m Congress over the military oper-
ations of the country. Congress? has the power
to declare war; but that power has not been ex-
ercised against the disloyal States, for the reason
that it would at once be recognizing them as a
foreign Power.
The proclamation calling out the present mili-
tary force was based upon and authorized by the
third paragraph quoted, namely: that Congress
shall have power " to provide for calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections,"&c. The present military opera-
tions are 'not governed, therefore, by the first
paragraph quoted, which applies to a case of war
arising between this Government and a foreign
Power. Provisions concerning captures,and the
granting of letters of marque and reprisal apply
also to a war with another Government, in which
all the inhabitants are to be treated and held as
alien enemies, and their property the subject of
capture and prize, without regard to the feelings,
sentiments, or course of the individual owner of
such property; but certainly no one would favor
the capture of the property, cither on land or sea,
of unoffending Union men, because they might
happen to be residents of the disloyal States. It
seems to me, then, that the first paragraph gives
no power to Congress to forfeit the private prop-
erty ot individuals in the insurrectionary districts,
when such property is not used in or designed for
the purposes of the rebellion. The power to make
rules for the government of the land and naval
forces has reference to the organization and dis-
cipline of the regular Army, and confers no power
upon Congress to authorize the spoliation or ap-
propriation of private property'without compen-
sation. The paragraph authorizing the calling
forth the militia to suppress insurrections, &c.,
confers no power beyond the authority to fix the
occasion when and the number to which the mili-
tia may be called out.
The succeeding and closing paragraph on this
subject authorizes Congress, when the militia is
thus called out, to provide for organizing, arm-
ing, and disciplining them, and for governing such
part of them as may be employed in the service
of the United States.
When the military force (regular or volunteer)
has been organized, armed, and disciplined, it is
the province of the Commander-in-Chief to order
them, or such poriion as inay be necessary for
the purpose, into the insurrectionary districts, and,
by force of arms, repress and subdue those m ac-
tual resistance to the laws; but it is no part of
the duty of the commnndingnffieer, or his subor-
dinates, to hear and determine who is loyal in sen-
timent, or who is not; nor to confiscate or eman-
cipate, at pleasure, the property of those that are
deemed disloyal. He has nothing to do with those
not found resisting the laws or in arms against the
Government. Nor has he any right to interfere
with the private property of individuals, whether
found in actual resistance to the laws or not, un-
less such property is used directly in aiding or
carrying on the rebellion, or actually designed for
that purpose. Of course all arms and munitions
of war are ofthe latter class, as well as supplies of
any kind designed for the use of those in arms
against the Government.
But the fact that private property may indirectly
be used to aid m the rebellion by being applied
to the use of rebels in arms, when not of itself
contraband, furnishes no ground for its capture
by a military force engaged in suppressing rebel-
lion. If the people of the seceding States were
aliens, and we had a right to deal with them as
such under the laws of nations, we would have a
right to capture their property wherever found;
and in that event no distinction would be made
between loyal and disloyal persons, as all citizens
of the disloyal States would be presumed to be and
treated as enemies. But such is not, or should not
be, the policy in this war. We cannot treat loyal
Union-loving citizens as enemies, because they re-
side in disloyal States, where they have already
suffered immense hardships at the hands of rebels
because they remained loyal. And yet, if we are
to confiscate property or emancipate slaves to
weaken the enemy, as claimed by some, there is
as much necessity to confiscate the property and
emancipate the slaves of loyal as of disloyal per-
sons residing in the slave States; for the property
of the loyal men in the seceded States forms a part
ofthe resources of the rebel government as much
as that of the disloyal. Taxes may be levied upon
it in either case for the support of government, or
it may be taken in either case to be applied to the
purposes of revolution.
It is said that the slaves of the rebel masters
must be emancipated, because they are a source
of strength to the insurrectionists. That they may
be set to work in building fortifications, or even
bear arms, or at least may be used on the planta-
tions while their masters fight. The slaves of loyal
masters are liable to be used in the same way, if
not with the consent of their masters, without it.
And whether their masters are in the confeder-
ate army or not, the slaves, by their labor, con-
tribute to the resources of and are the basis of
the wealth of the confederate government. The
same leason, then, that would require confiscation
or emancipation in the one case, would in the
other. Great complaint has been made of certain
military commanders in surrendering slaves, to be
used, as has been alleged, in promoting the rebel-
lion. And yet white men, who have been taken
prisoners, in arms against the Government, have
repeatedly been returned; and these, if not to bear
arms, return to contribute by their means to the
rebellious movement. These men taken in arms
are guilty of treason, and the Constitution does
not require their surrender; yet we "swear them,
and let them go," or exchange them for those of
our own section who may have been taken pris-
oners by the confederates. And yet, when a black
man—whose surrender is required by theConsti-
tution—is given up on claim of his owner, it is a
wonderful outrage, and woe be to the military
commander who requires the confirmation ofthe
Senate after the act of surrendering one of those
fugitives.
But, suppose emancipation bills and confisca-
tion bills are passed in every form in which they
have been suggested on the other side of the
House. Of what avail will they be? They can-
not be successfully carrie^ into effect until the re-
bellion is suppressed. Even if that most odious
and inhuman of all propositions—of arming the
slaves—is sought to be carried into effect, in which
our soldiers would be as apt to become victims of
these ignorant and treacherous creatures as those of
the confederates, and which would at most accom-
plish the inhuman massacre of innocent children
and helpless females, you must get to the slaves
before you can arm them; and you cannot get to
them for this purpose until you have not only
conquered the rebel army, but you must firsisub-
due every man, woman, and child in the fifteen
slavcnolding States, for they would all resist to
the last so barbarous an attempt.
There is little danger, however, in my opinion,
of this project being carried into execution. It
was thought by many before the rebellion that
the slaves on the first outbreak would rise en
masse in insunection against their masters. No
such disposition has been shown on their part as
vet. When the inhabitants were compelled to
leave Beaufort and vicinity, the negroes made a
heavy charge on the abandoned property of their
masters, and, from accounts, could bo induced to
do nothing but riot on what remained on the de-
serted plantations, showing no disposition to aid
in building intrenchments or perform any manual
labor whatever. So it is said to be with the so-called
