620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
steamers, tout giving as an excuse for it the fact
that France had entered upon the construction of
this class of steamers; and that, as a matter of
defense, and a matter of great precaution, it was
well for England to venture upon the same enter-
prise.
Now, sir, so far as this subject has progressed
in France, the experience of that nation is no bet-
ter, and stands on no different ground. France
commenced this enterprisein 1856, and constructed
some six or eight of this class of steamers, not
large, but small steamers, what are called gun-
boats; and they were used with some degree of
success in the Crimean war, but have, every one
of them, been abandoned since; and France has
enteredupon the construction of a steam fleet of
an entirely different construction, a larger class of
vessels, abandbning the first class as a failure; and
they hold that the whole thing to-day is an exper-
iment.
So much, Mr. President, for this enterprise of
iron-clad steamers by the great naval Powers of
the globe. Now, how do we stand here? At the
last session, feeling the necessity of harbor defense,
river defense, coast defense, and of strengthening
the Navy generally, this identical subject was
brought to the consideration of Congress, and
upon the recommendation of the committee of
which the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire is chairman, a bill was passed authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to appoint a commis-
sion of construction to examine into this subject,
and making an appropriation of one or two mil-
lions of dollars to try the experimentof construct-
ing two or three steamers of a certain class. That
commission was instituted; it entered upon its
duties in the vacation of Congress, and it lids
made its report to the Secretary of the Navy, and
that report has been published and communicated
to Congress, and the result of that examination
is that the whole thing is an experiment abroad
and at home, and a doubtful experiment.
You have two millions of money already in-
vested in this class of ships; and that board, com-
bining the best intelligence and the best experi-
ence of the Navy, hold that to-day the experiment
is a doubtful one. 1 do not understand that that
board tecommend this measure; 1 do not under-
stand that the Secretary of the Navy recommends
this measure; it comes to us unaccompanied by
any explanation of the measure itself. It comes
to us unaccompanied by any statement showing
the confidcncc which the Committee on Naval
Affairs have in the subject. I submit, Mr. Pres-
ident, that in this greatoxigency of public affairs,
the nation is in no condition to enter upon untried
and doubtful experiments, and for this reason I
am opposed to the wlvde measure.
But, sir, 1 have another reason,and one vastly
more conclusive as a practical question than that
which 1 have already slated. It is that, tins country
isinnocondition to build these vessels; there is not
now a single roiling mill in the United States to
make this armature. There arc only some six or
seven mills where it can be hammered at all, and
they of very limited capacity. It is impossible to
get this iron abroad, of course,under the present cir-
cumstances. Before you can extemporize mills to
meet this necessity, the great exigency in which,
I suppose, the measure lias originated will have
passed by. My belief is, from the best examination
i can make on the subject, that you cannot build
these twenty steamers in the next twelve months.
What are they designed for? They are designed,
I suppose, for this rebellion; they are a measure
growing out of ourdomestic exigencies; and they
are designed, I take it from the models 1 have seen,
for river and harbor operations Well, sir, is the
Senate prepared to-day to say that it will enter
upon an enterprise, enter upon the construction of
mad-clad steamers designed for the prosecution of
this war, to have a bearing simply upon this re-
bellion, which are not to be completed for the
next twelve months? Sir, if this whole thing is
not brought to an end in the next six months, the
nation will be beyond the hope of relief from
measures of this kind. I say, therefore, that the
enterprise is an impracticable enterprise. The
honorable chairman of the Naval Committee un-
doubtedly has information on the subject, and, I
dare say, he will communicate it to the Senate;
but, according to my comprehension of the sub-
ject, it cannot be accomplished within the next
twelve months.
For these reasons,briefly stated,I am opposed
to the whole measure as utterly impracticable,
upon any information I have been able to get upon
the subject. The honorable chairman of the com-
mittee has charge of the whole matter, and is un-
doubtedly in possession of all the facts touching
upon the subject, and I very cheerfully give way
to him, as I see him rise to explain the bill to the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. I propose to occupy the attention
of the Senate for but a single minute on this sub-
ject. In the first place, in regard to the time within
which these boats can be built, or most of them,
1 am told that instead of twelve months being re-
quired ,they can be ready for sea within five months
In regard to their not being recommended by the
head of the Department, let me say that they are
recommended by the President and by the head
of the bureau; and that yesterday I received from
the Secretary of the Navy a letter which I am
sorry I have not by me at present—a very press-
ing letter urging me to press the bill upon Con-
gress. It is because 1 am so pressed by the Ex-
ecutive that 1 have waived both the amendments
which I had prepared to the bill before. As to the
history and details of this matter I do not propose
to speak, when there sits before me a man who is
so much better informed on the subject than I am,
who has given his attention to it, and who, I think,
will satisfy even the Senator from Maine himself,
or if not him certainly the Senate, that the Sena-
tor is entirely mistaken in his estimate of the
value that is attached to these vessels by this coun-
try, by England, and by France. I give way to
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GXUMES. Mr. President, lam very much
obliged to the Senator from New Hampshire for
his compliment. I have very little to say in re-
gard So this bill. I must confess, however, that
I am somewhat surprised at the information winch
has been given to us by the Senator from Maine.
His intelligence, which undoubtedly he believes
to be correct, in regard to the success or non-suc-
ccss of iron-clad steamers, is novel to me, and I
thought 1 was pretty well read upon this subject.
So far from such vessels not being successful,
every experiment thus far that has been tried with
them proves them to have been a peifeet suc-
cess.
The only time when iron-clad steamers were
under fire was at the attack on the fortress of
Kinbrun, during the Crimean war. The French
undertook to build six iron-clad gunboats,and the
English following then example, built six also.
Three French vessels got into the Crimea in time
to take part in that action; none of the British
vessels were there. The French vessels went up
and anchored within eight hundred yards of the
fortress, a stone fortress, where they were sub-
jected to the hot and direct fire of eighteen and
twenty-four pound guns', and one of them, accord-
ing to the report that was spread before the world,
received forty-seven direct shot, besides a great
many glancing shot, and the only injury that was
done to her was to start two rivets, whilst the fire
from these gunboats destroyed the fortress.
That is the only instance where iron-clad ves-
sels have been under fire. So far from these ves-
sels being regarded as an experiment m France,
on the 1st day of May last France had more than
one hundred gunboats of various sizes which
were more or less iron clad. Some of them were
not fully iron clad; others were completely iron
clad; and she not only had more than one hun-
dred gunboats at that time, but she had five frig-
ates then ready for sea, and has been laying down
the keels and making preparations for the con-
struction and completion of several since. You
all know that Great Britain has now the Warrior ,
and Hero leady for sea. We were told a little
while ago that the Warrior was coming to our
coast—a large, immense frigate, which, according
to naval authorities, is a complete success; and i
preparations have been made for the building of i
a great many more. \
Now, sir, in regard to the time which it will j
require to construct these vessels, I am not able to '
speak any further than as the Senator from New 1
Hampshire has already told us, that the Secretary j
of the Navy says, and the Assistant Secretary of '
the Navy (whom 1 believe to be one of the most .
accomplished public officois this country overbad, j
and who seems to think and to dream of nothing !
else but naval matters) says, that one or two oY ;
them can be built in the course of four or five
months.
Mr. MORRILL. I did notunderstand the Sen-
ator to say that Mr. Fox says so.
Mr. HALE. Oh, yes; Mr. Fox told me so
himself, wjth his own mouth.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care if they cannot.
I believe that it is for the interests of the section
of the country that the Senator from Maine him-
self represents that we should build these vessels.
I believe that the introduction of steam into naval
warfare has revolutionized the whole system of
coast defenses, and I do not want any better evi-
dence of it than the success of the rebels in attack-
ing our vessels as they pass up and down the
Potomac river. Nearly eight thousand shot have
been fired at our vessels by the rebels from their for-
tifications along the line of that river, and only one
of our vessels has been materially injured, and
only three or four of them have been damaged at
all. I believe that one of these gunboats, made
sharp at the ends, and thoroughly incased in iron,
with a powerful engine,and one fourteen or fifteen
inch gun on board of her, would do more to de-
fend the harbor of New York than the best forti-
fication there is there, that has cost this Govern-
ment a million or one and a half or two millions
of dollars.
I am in favor of this measure, not solely be-
cause I am anxious that these vessels shall be
used in the present war, butbecause I believe they
will*more successfully defend the commerce of
our country and more successfully defend the
harbors on our Atlantic seaboard in which I, al-
though a representative of a remote State, am as
much interested as are the people living immedi-
ately along the Atlantic—than will even stone
fortifications; and I would much more cheerfully
vote money out of the national Treasury to build
vessels of this description and to man them and
to place them in your harbors for coast defense,
than I would vote to build stone walls, as is pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs,
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, 1 am sorry to
say that I am not ready to vote for this bill in the
shape in which it is here presented to us; and for
the best reason in the world, thatalthough I have
lead a great deal both for and against iron-clad
steam gunboats, I am not willing to take the re-
sponsibility of determining whether ornot,atthis
particular juncture, it would be prudent to adopt
this species of naval vessels. I do not know
whether this would begood policy or bad policy.
I do not know whether this money would be well
expended or not, simply because it has not been
my business to know anything about it. Who,
then, is to judge? The President of the United
States and his counselors, who are the command-
ers-in-chief of the Army and Navy. I am willing
to vote him a certain sum of money, to be used as
he thinks best in the emergency, and let him take
the responsibility. If every proceeding of this
kind is to come here and to be submitted to our
judgment, and the responsibility to be divided be-
tween the President, his Cabinet, and the Con-
gress of the United States, then 1 should like to
know who is to be responsible for a failure? It
seems to me that this is a perversion of the whole
theory of our Government, making the President
the Commander-in-Chief.
I am willing, as I have said before, to vote men
and money; but I desire that the use to be made
of the men and the money, and the purposes to
which they are to be put, shall be decided by the
President and his advisers; and I want him to take
the responsibility. How are we to get along if
Congress is to be consulted as to all the move-
ments of the Army, and how it shall be armed,
and what kind of weapons it shall carry? If fail-
ure results, to whom shall it be attributed? I
think there is the mischief about this whole thing;
and there, I think, is the bottom of the mischief
about which gentlemen complain when they speak
of the inefficiency of our force. Why is it so?
Because that force is not under the direction of a
single responsible head, but the responsibility is
scattered about with many people, no one of whom
is competent, I should think, to decide the ques-
tion submitted to him. What do I know about
the efficacy or efficiency of an iron-clad steam-
ship? Certainly not half so much as the honor-
able Senator from Iowa; and if he has spent time
enough to come to a conclusion upon it, he not
boing^.milttary man, notbeinga naval officer* not
