1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
37th Cong....2d Sbss.
Court of Claims—Mr. Porter.
Ho. or Reps.
contrabands brought into this city. They have no
disposition to engage m any business or perform
any labor whatever, while they can be keptatthe
Government's expense. ^ There is no danger of a
very formidable army being composed out of such
a population, under the lead of the kind-hearted
gentlemen who would be placed in command.
These negroes prefer their freedom for the priv-
ilege of living without labor, and our Republican
friends will not find it an easy task to get them
into the military service or any other service in-
volvinglabor. Neither, as I apprehend, are there
many who seriously contemplate a-policy of this
kind; but such propositions serve to pander to
the prejudices and passions of a certain portion in
the loyal States, and serve to further exasperate
those in rebellion, and prolong the bloody strug-
gle, which is inuring to the benefit of a certain
class, while it impoverishes the great mass.
So far as there is anything practicable in these
propositions for emancipation, the country is real-
izing all it would in ease of their passage. Hun-
dreds and thousands of slaves will and do escape
wherever the Army advances. They will not be
pursued by their owners if disloyal, and the con-
sequence is that they will escape to the North,
ana wc will have our satisfaction of them without
the passage of these bills. If this is the natural
consequence of the rebellion, all must submit to it.
"What more do gentlemen who favor emancipa-
tion desire? Do they desire that the soldiers of
our Army shall be engaged in running down and
carrying off negroes, and nothing else? The eman-
cipation now going on without law ought to suf-
fice; especially when it could not be accelerated
by congressional enactments.
Again: by your impracticable and unconstitu-
tional enactments, will you add to the efficiency
of our grand Army now in the field? Will these
brave soldiers fight any more valiantly when the
abolition of slavery is declared to be the object of
the war, than they do when the perpetuity'of the
Union is the paramount object? Certainly not.
The majority of these men have been opposed to
the abolition sentiment when at home, and will not
cheerfully vindicate it on the tented field. They
have fought at the ballot-box at home against this
doctrine, and will not fight in its favor abroad.
On the contrary, when ihe objects and policy of
the war has changed, as seems the determination
of the party in power, they will conclude that they
have been made the dupes of politicians to sustain
their schemes of self-aggrandizement, instead of
the more glorious purpose ofsustaining the " stars
and stripes.'5
Sir, as was said by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Steele] in his remarks in the early
part of the session, " when you adopt your pro-
posed policy you paralyze our grand army."
It is said " Nero fiddled while Rome was burn-
ing," and little less than the reckless spirit of that
tyrant could induce gentlemen at this critical time
in the history of our country, when tens of thou-
sands of our brave countrymen are falling victims
to the dire misfortune^ of civil war, when the
country is in a blaze of discord and ruin, tottering
and groaning under the weight of its dreadful ca-
lamities, to be forcing upon it the very policy
which helped to inaugurate this fearful struggle.
What is to be the effect of these measures upon
the loyal people of the border slave States? Sir,
you have the testimony of every gentleman pres-
ent from those States who has addressed the
House on the subject, and who is identified by
birtlweducation, and interest with the people of
those*States. They all concur in saying that they
will be disastrous to the Union cause there. I can-
not more correctly give the expression of senti-
ment from gentlemen representing those States,
than by reading the following extract from the
eloquent and able speech of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Wadsworth,] made early in the
session. He said:
" News comes to us frequently of once faithful but faint-
ing hearts who have stood manfully with us, succumbing
to this destructive agitation. When they road that you
intend to proclaim emancipation, to repeal the fugitive slave
law, and to exterminate slavery in the States and the Dis-
trict, they taint and fall, and they say you justify the ground
upon which the rebellion originally started. Why do you
drive them from you? Ts itthat you may secure the sup-
port of the African lacc? Is it for any benefit which they
may bring to you ? Do you prefer to fiatcrnizo wan the ne-
groes of the slave States rather than with the freemen there ?
This day you have to make that choice. If you are for the
emancipation of the slaves, you arm each man of those
States against you. You must choose between negio sla-
very or the white people of fifteen States in opposition to
you.'* *
The venerable gentleman from the same State,
[Mr. Crittenden,] and his venerable colleague,
[Mr. Wickliffe,] two distinguished statesmen
and patriots, who were the co temporaries of Clay,
Webster, and Jackson and the other statesmen
and patriots of those better days of the Republic,
have both repeatedly appealed to the dominant
party to abstain from the rash measures proposed.
But neither appeals, entreaties, or arguments
from any source seem to be heard by those who
are determined to use power while they have it to
further their political purposes. Sometimes there
is a suspension of movements on this subject, but
it is only temporary. But why should gentlemen
of the party in power pursue the course which has
thus far been pursued and is likely to be pursued?
They have the complete control of the Govern-
ment in all its branches, and cannot they afford
to be generous? All the patronage of the Gov-
ernment is at their disposal; scarcely a post office
in the country which has an annual income of
twenty dollars has been permitted to remain in the
hands of a Democrat, although lie might be ever
so loyal, and be found in many instances doing
more to sustain the Government than h is successor.
In all the Departments of the Government—except
perhaps in the War Department—the guillotine
has been used unsparingly; and even in this De-
partment the appoin tmcnts of Democrats have been
to places in the active service, and will be found to
be comparatively few. Yet this fact has not in
the least prevented the conservative masses of the
country from giving the Government a hearty
suppoit. Thousands and hundreds of thousands
of Democrats have been found willing to accept
the position of high private in the Army at thir-
teen dollars per month.
Now, while those brave men are in the field
fighting to sustain the Government, that the dom-
inant party may enjoy the spoils which they have
so long been struggling to possess, should not the
leaders of the party be satisfied to enjoy this pat-
ronage, without trying to force upon their polit-
ical opponents the doctiines they have over ab-
horred? Yet such seems to be the object; and if
any one dares to protest against the policy of this
party, he is denounced as an enemy of his coun-
try, as if it was necessary to be in favor of the
measures and success of the Republican party to
be a patriot. Surely these things cannot last. I
do not complain of the dominant party enjoying
the patronage of Ihe Government; itis their right
to do so, although the circumstances which sur-
round the Administration would afford an excel-
lent opportunity for magnanimity. Yet the party
is responsible for the acts of it? Administration,
and but few true Democrats will care to share its
responsibilities, and in the end its disgrace, for the
consideration of any place, high or low, within
its gift.
What I have said in opposition to these meas-
ures of emancipation and confiscation has been
from an earnest conviction that they are without
warrant in the Constitution, and would tend to
widen rather than heal the breach now made in the
organization of the Government, and because I be-
lieve their effect will be to inaugurate a policy that
will forever alienate the people of the fifteen slave-
holding States of the Union from those of the
North and West, and array them further in hos-
tility to a Government which would devise means
to deprive them of their constitutional rights rather
than to aid them in retaining them. In that event,
we will become involved in a long, bloody, and
suicidal struggle which will eventually terminate
in the total ruin of both sections of the country,
and an entire separation of these States.
Sir, I am in favor of that policy which will
strengthen the hands of the Union men of the
slavcnolding States, and which will dissipate the
apprehensions of those who have been deluded into
the support of the rebel government from the be-
lief that this war is waged for the purpose of con-
fiscating their property and for the desolation of
their homes, that they may bo induced to again
render that willing support to the Government of
our fathers necessary to its existence, and with-
out which no free Government can long endure.
Let us for the time, forgetting all mere abstract
opinions, remembering only that we have a com--
mon interest and a common destiny, strike hands
on that patriotic sentiment of the hero of New
Orleans: f< the Union, it must and shall be pre-
served;" and prosecute this war while prosecute
it wc must for its original object," the suppression
of rebellion and the execution of the laws."
When we firmly unite on that policy, and not
until then, can we confidently indulge the fond
hope which pervades the American heart, that the
star-spangled banner shall again wave in triumph
over every portion of the vast Confederacy.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G. PORTER,
OF INDIANA,
In the House op Representatives,
JfyrU 15, 3862.
The House having under consideration the motion to .re-
consider the vote by which the bill to amend an actto estab-
lish a com t lor the investigation of claims against the United
States was rccomiued to the Committee ou the Judiciary-
Mr. PORTER said;
Mr. Speaker: It may be well that I should
state, before proceeding to explain the provisions
of this bill, that in ncaily all its leading features
it is similar to the bill which passed the Senate,
aftergrave consideration and discussion, attheiast
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress. The bill
was not reached on the Calendar of the House
before the final adjournment.
In the judiciary act of J789 it was provided that
the courts of the United States should have juris-
diction of all suits in law or equity in which the
United States were plaintiffs or petitioners; but
no provision was made by which a citizen might,
under any circumstances, bring suit against the
Government to recover a claim of any character
which lie held upon it. His only chance for relief
was by a resort to Congress.
The inconvenience and injustice to the citizen
of refusing him a judicial hearing was long felt.
In the vast class of controversies arising upon
contracts for military and naval supplies, mate-
rials, and equipments, foi postal scrvice, for the
construction of public buildings and other works,
&c., the Government was authorized to resort to
its courts to enforce the most minute provisions
of every contract; but against the citizen seeking
redress for a breach, ho weverfiagrant, by the Gov-
ernment, of the same contract, the courts were
closed. When he turned for redress to Congress,
he found himself before a body engrossed with
public duties too important to allow a deliberate
consideration of his claim, too numerous to hear
and investigate it properly if desirous, bound by
no judicial precedents securing uniformity of de-
cision, and addicted to delaying for years decis-
ions upon claims which a court could have readily
disposed of in a day. A business man ordinarily
felt that it was better to submit at once to the loss
of his claim than to lose the time, incur the ex-
pense, and subject himself to the annoyance and
uncertainty incident to its prosecution in each
House of Congress. Nor was the Government
a gainer by its illiberally in this respect. The
Calendar of each House was filled with claims,
persistently pressed from Congress to Congress,
by dishonest claimants, and more dishonest claim
agents, which no court would have entertained,
and which had no foundation of justice whatever.
Yet these claims, made specious by fraudulent
proofs and representations, and strengthened often
by skillful combinations between claimants, were
frequently passed by Congress, to the great detri-
ment of the Treasury.
Judicial precedents not controlling, an exam-
ination by any considerable number of members
in either House being impossible, caprice, com-
miseration, political partiality, or prejudice, the
popularity and tact of the member having a claim
m charge, a sudden and hasty consideration of the
question in a confused or thin House, and per-
haps—though very rarely—interest, hidden out of
sight, though not"less active and potent on that
account; ail these became elements not seldom
controlling, very frequently affecting, the decision
of claims.
