1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
being conversant with this subject, except so far
as he learns ltfrom the books; if he has come to an
opinion upon it, how many other Senators here
have ? My honorable fnend from Maine says that
the preponderance of scientific opinion is against
these ships. I do not know; I am noj. competent
to judge about it; I question whether 1 should be a
competent judge if all the witnesses of both sides
were to testify before me. I suppose, however,
tjiat the President, guided by the Secretary of the
Navy and the naval officers from whom he re-
ceives his information, is competent to judge, and
I desire that that tribunal shall judge and take the
responsibility. I therefore propose to amend the
bill, so as to make it read:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized and
empowcied to cause to be constructed by contractor other-
wise, as he shall deem best for the public interest—
I suppose that refers to the method by which he
is to have these boats built—
twenty iron-clad steam gunboats, or 6uch other ships-of-
war as the President may order for the use of the Navy of
the United States.
And then let people who are competent to decide
this question, decide it, and take the responsibil-
ity; because I have no notion of taking it here;
and if we do take it in this case and in many oth-
ers, what is to be the result? A resolution has
just been offered to inquire as to the difficulty be-
tween General Hunter and General Lane. Now,
what can we know about that? How can we de-
termine whether General Hunter is right and Gen-
eral Lane wiong,or the reverse? I know nothing
about it, and I cannot possibly know. I would
leave all these things to the Commander-in-Chief,
where the Constitution legitimately put them, and
J think wisely. I hope that this bill will be
amended, so as to leave to the proper authorities
the choice. If they decide in favor of iron-clad
gunboats I shall be perfectly satisfied. If, on the
other hand, some other boat should come up in
the meanwhile which they think better, let the
men who know about it, the men whose business
it is to know of it, skilled in that kind of expe-
rience, and learned in thatkind of learningdecide;
and not come here and endeavor to scatter the re-
sponsibility over two or three hundred men who
know nothing of it, and have no means of know-
ing.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania evidently seems to labor under the impres-
sion that there is some innovation by this bill on
what has been the established usage heretofore.
I apprehend there has been no appropriation made
for the construction of any vessel, unless it was
specifically declared in the act what was the char-
acter of the vessel that was to be built. I know
that has been so for the last ten or twelve years,
becausc i have looked ihrough the appropriation
acts to see, having had occasion to draw up one
or two provisions of this kind before. If we
wanted to buiid steam sloops of the first class, we
said so, and so on. This is always done; and in
this instance it is done on the suggestion of the
authorities themselves. This bill [apprehend was
drawn at the Navy Department; but t do not know
that certainly; it is a House bill; but I know it
meets the views of the Department. I am per-
fectly content, though, that the amendment should
be made.
Mr. COWAN. I have only to say that I know
nothing about the practice heretofore. If the prac-
tice has been as the Senator from Iowa states, I
think it is a \>a.d practice, and it should be aban-
doned as soon as possible. I do not know any rea-
son why,particularlyin this emergency, we should
perpetuate an error which is not only vicious in
theory, but mischievous in its consequences. If
the Department have decided on this kind of ves-
sel, there is no necessity for putting it in the hill,
and it is imposing the responsibility upon an im-
proper branch of the Government. I cannot con-
ceive of anything which is calculated to render the
force of the nation so inefficient and inoperative,
and to furnish so many excuses why it is not able
to do the work set for it to do, as that we should
be associated with the President in the direction
and control of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will not be adopted. I think the Exec-
utive has quite discretion enough, quite power
enough; and I do not suppose there is any differ-
ence of opinion between Congress and the exec-
utive branch of the Government in regard to this
measure. The Department, as I understand,de-
sires to have the authority to construct this class
of vessels. It comes here with its plans and its
estimates for them. The Senator from lowasays
the bill was probably drawn in the Navy Depart-
ment.
Now, sir, why should Congress belittle itself,
why should all discretion be taken away from the
Congress of the United States, and the power be
given to the Navy Department to build what it
pleases? I think we had better have carefully pre-
pared estimates from all these Departments, that
they had better tell us precisely and exactly what
they want, and let us act upon that knowledge,
and that we had better put in the statutes of the
country precisely the opinions of Congress. I
think we have had quite too much of executive
discretion already; and I believe to-day that one
of the main causes of embarrassmentin the coun-
try has been that there has been quite too much
discretion there.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted, but
that when we pass this bill, and other bills, we
shall carefully consult with the Departments; but
that Congress will be Congress, and not only
canvass carefully all these measures, but that we
shall stay here for months to come and see to it
that the Government of this country moves on.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Iowa, who seems to be versed in these mat-
ters, whether the committee have any estimates
for the steamers, what will be their cost and di-
mensions, &c., which they can give to the Senate?
Mi. GRIMES. The dimensions?
The plans.
I have got no plans.
Then give us the general fea-
Mr. CLARK.
Mr. GRIMES.
Mr. CLARK,
turcs of them.
Mr. GRIMES.
They will cost about half a
million of dollars apiece, as I understand. I can-
notanswer the question of the Senator specifically.
I have not the plans, and therefore cannot state
the dimensions; but my recollection is that they
are to cost about half a million of dollars apiece.
I know that some gentlemen have the idea that
they are all to be built upon one particular plan,
and that they are to be very much like, what we
call in the western country, the Mississippi river
"Broad Ilorns;" that they are to be square at the
ends and flat in the bottom; mere tubs. I believe
it is proposed to build one or two of that desciip-
tion for some particular localities, but only one or
too, and that the general idea is to build them
very strong with iron, with sharp prows at each
end, so that they can go forward either way, and
can be used as rams, with a powerful engine; and
with a cupola or tower on the top, and one- heavy
gun similar to the Rodman, or what was hereto-
fore known as the Floyd gun, a fourteen or fifteen
inch gun, I believe; and 1 believe it is the opinion
of ordnance officers, if such a boat should come
abreast at point blank range of such a vessel as
the Warrior, although it might not penetrate
through the iron casing, would break her side in,
or jam it up, so as to derange her machinery, and
Hinder her worthless. In my opinion, it is the only
kind of coast defense that gentlemen of the At-
lantic States will ultimately be compelled to rely
upon; for I believe a vessel like the Wan ior could
go with perfect impunity into any of their harbors
now.
Mr.COLLAMER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question; whether it is expected that
these will be sea-going vessels?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sii; they are not to be
cruiseis. It is not intended that they should be.
Mr. CLARK. One thing further. I want to
inquire of the Senator whether the committee
have had before them such estimates and plans
in regard to the cost and method of building these
steamers that they can give them to us, or say
that they have examined them, and we can safely
rely on their judgment, because we cannot ex-
amine them for ourselves?
Mr. HALE. I can answer that question. So
far as that is concernc d 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning horn-
having expired, the special order of the day is
now before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let us postpone that for a little
while.
Mr. SHERMAN. You cannot pass this bill
to-day.
Mr. HALE. If that is the opinion of the Sen-
ator, I ask the indulgence of the Senate for about
two minutes, to move to take up the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, on the letter- of the
Secretary of the Navy, in regard to purchases of
vessels by that Department. My object in taking
up the report is to make it a special order, so that
I may submit my views upon it. I decline to do
it on this bill, becausc I do not want to embarrass
it. I simply desire to make it a special order for
Friday morning at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks the .unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the report of the Committee
on Naval Affairs in regard to a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in relation to contracts. The
chair hears no objection, and that subject is now
before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I move that it be postponed until
Friday next at one o'clock, and made the special
order for that hour.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I believe we have a rule
of the gentleman's own initiating requiring a two-
thirds vote to make a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will so
state it. Two thirds of the Senate concurring, the
special order moved by the Senator from New
Hampshire will be made. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all prior orders be
postponed, so that we may go on with this bill,
if it is to be passed at all it ought, to be done now;
and if not, I am perfectly satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois give way? lie is entitled to the floor
on the special order.
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir; I have no objec-
tion to give way if it is the wish of the Senate to
proceed with the consideration of the bill now
before it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to postpone the pending order, and
all prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of the bill now before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not going to detain the
Senate by discussing this question; but I am as
satisfied as I am of anything that this bill ought
not to pass. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
whose duty it is to examine the subject and form
an opinion upon it, have no opinion on this sub-
ject.' They have seen no estimates upon it; and
from anything I have heard to-day from either
of the gentlemen who are well informed on this
subject generally, 1 do not und^istand that they
know what the plan for the construction of these
ships is to be. I undertake to say that my opin-
ion is, from observation of the specifications and
plans, that they are all to be constructed upon one
plan.
Mr. GRIMES. I undertake to say that the
Senator is altogether mistaken.
Mr. MORRILL. Weil, sir, I have seen plans
for these vessels, and I know they have been sent
to the country, and they are all upon one plan.
They arc gunboais of a thousand tons; they are
scows in construction, calculated to go at a speed
of about six miles an hour, never out of sight of
the land, and never to cruise anywhere; and they
are to cost from fifteen to twenty millions of dol-
lars upon any fair estimate that can be made, par-
ticularly to be constructed in this emergency,and
at the iate at which ships can be constructed at
the present time.
Now, sn, this appropriation has not been rec-
ommended by the Secretary of theNavy anywhere
or to anybody. The honorable chairman of the
committee says he has a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy urging that this bill may pass. That
is very likely; but, as I understand the matter,
the bill did not originate upon lus recommenda-
tion; it does not originate upon the recommenda-
tion of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, as I
understand it; or, at any rate, I have a right so
to assume, because, m the documents that have
been sent to us on this subject, nothing of the kind
is piesonted to us. The Secretary has made his
report. In that repoit he mentions the subject ot
armored ships. He states the fact that there are
two or three in process of construction; but he
does not invite Congress to the construction of any
more, and does not suggest it. There is no doc-
ument before the Senate from any quarter show-
ing the practicability of this measure; and 1 go
