1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(the beginning of the end' of slavery. Am I not right, their,
in calling this measure the best bill on winch Congress ever
acted?"
Sir, I did not rise to discuss the merits of this
bill. Thehour for its discussion has passed. The
hour in which to put upon it the seal of the nation
lias come. I trust it is, indeed, the harbinger of
that brighter, brightest day at hand when slavery-
shall be abolished wherever it exists in the land.
This will be the one finality which will give us
a righteous arid a lasting peace.
Lamartine beautifully said of "Wilberforce, that
he went up to the throne of the Eternal with a
million of broken fetters in his hand as evidence
©f a life well spent.
To be envied, indeed, would be the transit of
the man who had held the august office of Presi-
dent of the United States who could bear in his
hand to the throne of the Eternal the broken fet-
ters of the millions of slaves of this nation as evi-
dence of its welcome obedience to the royal law
and golden rule.
Messrs. ROLLINS of New Hampshire, ASH-
LEY, BLAKE,HUTCH INS, and VAN HORN,
next addressed the committee. [Their speeches
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the bill to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia shall cease in one minute after the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the same.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
motion so as to allow one hour for debate, and I
call for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 5G, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Diddle,
Fiancis P. Blah, Jacob 13. Blan, G-eoige II. Browne, Wil-
liam G. Biown, Oalvcit, Ua&ey, Crittenden, Delano, Del.i-
piame, Diven, Duel I, Dunlap, Dunn, En<?!i>h. Filler, Gri-
der, llaisht, Hall, Hauling, Harrison, HoJman, Kerrigan,
Knapp, Law, Lazeai,.Lehman, Mallory, May, Menzies,
Noble, Noiton, Nugen, Odell, Pendleton, Pony, Porter,
Price, Iltcliauison, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas. Fiancis Thomas,
Tram, Vallandmham, YVads woith,Waid, Chilton A. White,
Wiokhffe, and Wright—ofi.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S.* Blair, Blake, Buffinton,
Campbell, Chamberlm, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
hng, itoscoe Conkling, Covode, Davn, Dawes Edgurlon,
Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Fessenden, Fianchot, Frank,
Gooeh, Grander, Hale, Ilanehett, Ilieknmn, Hooper, Ilutch-
ins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W Kellogg, Killings, Lan-
sing, Looniis, Lovejoy, MeKnight, McPherson, Mitchell,
Moorhcad, Anson P. Mori ill. Ju&tm S. Morrill, Nixon, Pat-
ton, Pike, Potter. Alexandei II. lticc, John II. It'cc, Rid-
dle, Edward II. Kolhns, Sargent. Sedgwick, Shanks, Shel-
labarser, Sloan, Spauldmc, Stevens, Snatton,Tiowbudge,
Van Horn, Van Valkcnbutgh, Veriee, Wallace, E. P. Wal-
ton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and
Windom—73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that Mr. Horton had
paired off upon this question with Mr. Webster.
Mr. WHEELER stated that Mr. Sherman,
who is surgeon of one of the New York regi-
ments, had been summoned by telegraph, and
had gone to join his regiment.
Mr. MORRIS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Cutler.
Mr. COX stated that he was paiied off with
Mr. Pomeroy.
Mr. STEELE, ofNew Jersey, announced that
Mr. Cobb was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. RICHARDSON said: I paired off a few
moments ago with Mr. Piielps, of California.
He is for the bill and I against it. I do not think,
however, that this vote comes within the pur-
view of our arrangement, and I therefore vote
" ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above iccorded, the question recurred upon
Mr. Stevens's motion to close debate in one
minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to. *
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
Senate bill No. 108, for the release of certain per-
sons held to service or labor in the District of Co-
lumbia,
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. Mr. Chairman, I re-
gret very much that the House has concluded to
close debate upon the pending bill in one minute
after I have obtained the floor for the first time
since I have held a seat here. My regret grows
out of the fact, not that what I might say would
be in opposition to the bill as it is presented here
before the committee, but because m my view it
it not perfectand complete. It does not cover the
subject-matter that it was intended to meet. I
cannot see why 
[Here the hammer fell, amidst much laughter,
the one minute allowed for debate having expired.]
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sections
for amendment.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGI-L I move to amend the
first section, so as to make it apply to persons of
the Anglo-Saxon race, and to extend it to the
Territories. The bill now before the committee
does not cover the entire subject-matter which it
should cover. If I understand it, it applies only
to persons of African descent in the District of
Columbia. I think we ought to have some little
consideration and regard for those white persons
who are enslaved, and I think that our sympathy
ought not to be confined to the District of Co-
lumbia. I think that while we have Territories
in the Union where white slavery exists,we should
not restrict the operation of this bill to the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I cannot very
well learn what is going on. I understand that
the gentleman's amendment refers to the Territo-
ries. If so, I make the point of order that it is
not geinume to a bill relative to the District of
Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order comes
too late. The gentleman should have made it
before.
Mr. STEVENS. I could not hear what it
was.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regrets that
exceedingly.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. All I ask is to have
time allowed me to show to this House a system
of white slaveiy to which the system of African
slavery in the District of Columbia bears no com-
parison. I think that if there be, anywhere in
this Republic, slaves kept who have Anglo-Saxon
blood in their veins, we should show some sym-
pathy and regard for them, and not confine all
our sympathy to persons of African descent. If,
therefore, I can have time given me 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to say, in the way of
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman,
that it is not timely and appropriate. There will
probably be a bill brought before the House to
strangle this other twin relic to which the gentle-
man refers. But that is not the point now before
the House. I therefore oppose the amendment,
Mr. Cradlebaugii's amendment was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following amend-
ment as a proviso to the first section:
Pioiidcd. That this* net bhall not go into operation unless
the qualified citizens of the District of Columbia shall,by
a majority ot voter; polled, approve and ratify the same;
and to determine tins, the Piribident of the United States
shall foithwith issue hn proclamation ordenng an election
to he held, on twenty day*5 notice, by the qualified voteis
of the District, to determine whethei the provisions ot this
act shall oi f-hall not go into operation. The time, placcs,
mode, and m.inner of conducting the said election, and the
mode of the mums, shall be piesscubed m the said piocla-
mation. Should <i majoiitv of the votes cast be m favor of
this act, the Pi evident shall at once declare the same by
public proclamation, and the act shall go into opeiation.
Put should a majoutv be cast agamfrt it, he shall declaie
the same b> his proclamation.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise the point of order
that the proviso js not germane to the first section,
but should be offered at the end of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WK1GHT. Mr. Chairman, if the ma-
jority of the House will agree that* the question
of the abolition of slavery in the District shall go
to a vote of the people of the District, 1 am en-
tirely willing to vote for the bill. The people of
this District are aloneinterestedin the matter, and
I have yet to learn that the first petition in 13§y.or
of this bill has come to us from them.' I have no
doubt but that Congress has the power to abolish
slavery in the District, and on a more fitting and
appropriate occasion that would be no objection
to considering the measure,even without this pro-
viso. But this is certainly not the time to agitate
this question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I cannot yield. Within the
last t\uo or three days the cheering news has
reached this capital of the successes of our armies
of the West in putting down the great rebellion
now existing in the country. We are now wait-
ing anxiously to hear the result of the next great
battle that has to be fought almost within the sound
of this capital, at Yorktown. While the country
is in this state of suspense, while we hardly know
whether the nation shall live or die, it is not the
time for agitating the country with the abolition
of slavery. Its effect is to divert the attention of
the nation from the great and absorbing question
which now presses upon us, to create distrust and
alarm and confusion. We should now be united,
at least on the question of our national existence.
We should agree to let the negro alone, and ascer-
tain if the white man has a home and a country.
Settle that great truth first, and then it will be
time to talk of abolition in the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. POTTER. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman should confine his remarks to
his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman will confine his
remaiks to his own amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am endeavoring to do so. I
say that the question involved in the hill and pro-
viso is not a question that should be agitated at this
period of time. If the subject is to be acted on at
all, this certainly is not the time to act on it. When
the people of the District want us to abolish sla-
very here, let them make some manifestation of
their will; let them send petitions to Congress for
it. There are no such petitions on our files.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman is mistaken.
There are such petitions before the House.
Mr. WRIGHT. There have been no such pe-
titions presented during the present session of
Congress; and therefore I say that the whole mat-
ter is prcmatuie here, and that this is the most
inauspicious time for such a project of law, for
changing the fundamental laws of the land. Let
the smoke of the battle-fields clear away where
the great question of human liberty and self-gov-
ernment lias just been gallantly fought for; and
where the deeds of our arms have shone out in
these gloomy times with resplendent glory. Let
the brave and loyal soldiers of the Republic re-
pose for one night, at least, upon their dear-bought
fields, without the eternal clamor of abolition dis-
tuibing their dreams. The salvation of our coun-
try first, and the consideration of emancipation
afterwards.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and 1 would recommend to my colleague,
with great respect, an amendment in another doc-
ument. It is somewhere provided that the wicked
shall be damned. I would suggest to my colleague
! that he propose a proviso to that, " providing that
they consent thereto." It would be just as decent
an amendment as the one which he has proposed.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend the amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out all after the word " Provided," insert" this
act shall not take take effect until after the expiration or
tennujauon of the leciproeity treaty.''
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not germane.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last line. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the su-
preme court of his own State has not decided that
an act which was to take effect on condition of the
popular vote being in its favor was unconstitu-
tional; whether that is not reported in 4 Barr's
Reports?
