'2604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
instant taken his s&tt, and did not hear a word of
what the Senator from Ohio said.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, I was going on to say
that while I am very patient in being argued with
from a respectable source, and am willing to have
even toy course in the Senate criticised, i am very
anxious that that criticism shall come from a
source of some authority. When a man gets up
here and undertakes to lecture this body upon
their duty, and to scold them for not doing what
he thinks right, he ought to^iome with Bomc au-
thority, as a gentleman of talent, who has ac-
quired some right to lecture his fellow-men. I do
not deny that a man has a right to take a seat on
this floor, and—if he sees fitto do it—becomethe
mere advocate, the watch-dog for traitors in the
field. He may argue for them, he may scold for
them, he may vote for them, and I shall not un-
dertake to correct him or to lecture him for so do-
ing; but, sir, let not such a one rise here and criti-
cise my course,and much Icssgetupandrcproach,
as he has, the Senate of the United States, and
put on airs as though a gentleman from the wilds
of Pennsylvania should come into the Senate of
the United States, and in the middle of his first
session, reproach the Senate for the course they
had taken. I wonder that the Senate do not trem-
ble under such reproaches! Wha't argument,
what vote has he given, what position lias he oc-
cupied on any question that has arisen here be-
tween traitors and the attempt to punish them,
except to act as their advocate in every case and
on all occasions ? He has a right to do it. I do
Hot criticise him; but let not such a one rise here
to be overseer and guardian of the Senate.
This kind of declamation weighs as nothing.
It is very easy for a Senator to talk about what
he has read in Don Quixote and apply it to the
argument of constitutional questions, and quote
that as an authority on the Constitution. The
authority is like the advocate himself. One is
about ay good ay the other. Sir, who authorized
the Senator to speak authoritatively upon the Con-
stitution? What right has ho to do so? What
reputation had he when he came from home to
justify it? I do not know but that he may be a
great expounder of the Constitution. I can only
say I newer happened to hear of it. It is very easy
to talk from hour to hour and from day to day
about gentlemen's duty to observe the Constitu-
tion. I have already remarked that that is unne-
cessary. Every Senator, no doubt, expects to
follow his convictions and to do his duty accord-
ing to the Constitution.
What is tho proposition under consideration r
I have said that I have steadily voted in favor of
it. Why should I not? Some gentlemen think
it is unconstitutional. I happen to differ from
them, i am not willing patiently to bo arraigned
for that difference. The Senator hasapcrfect right
to entertain his own views in regard to the consti-
tutionality of the proposition, but it would better
become him, or any other Senator, to content
himself by giving his reasons, if he sees fit to do
so, why he had such convictions, rather than to
upbraid others who happen to differ from him.
But what is the proposition? It, is to tax the
owners of slaves for that species of property which
they claim to have. That is all there is of it. It
is said that it is a tax on the slaves. The fact is,
it is no tax on the slaves, but it is a tax on the
owner of slaves, because this is a species of prop-
erty as profitable in a pecuniary point of view as
any other, in the estimation of those who practice
on this principle. I need not here avow my opin-
ion that there can be no property in man. I deny
absolutely that rightfully there can be any such
property. I say, as a matter of common right
between master and slave, on the law of God Al-
mighty, the slave has as much right to the service
of the master as the master has to the service of
the slave; but, nevertheless, in law and in practice
this higher law is violated, and slaves are treated
as property, and I, as a statesman, look rather to
what is than what should be. The laws of the
Suites where slavery exists stamp it as property;
they treat it as propeity, and the most valuable
kind ot propeity. Why, then, should it not be
taxt'd as well as other valuable property > There
is nothing so profitable in this country as slave-
holding has been. There is no man who earns
lii.-> weahh so easily as he who obtains it by ap-
propi laung ihe labor of others, under a law that
permits him to do it. Why, then, should we who
have no such privileges, who can have none such,
according to the institutions under which we live,
hold our hand from this most valuable mine of
pecuniary wealth that exists in other States? Some
gentlemen say the Constitution of the United
States has precluded us from doing this. Just,
equitable, right, most obvious as it would be under
any othex%consideration, if it is prohibited by the
fundamental law of our Government, by the Con-
stitution of the United States, I am the last man
who would touch it. But how do you make it out
that the Constitution of the United States has de-
prived us of the power to reach this property?
Rarely because it is said in the Constitution, that
when you apportion direct taxes among the States,
which is done by an enumeration of the whole
number of inhabitants, two fifths of this particu-
lar class of persons shall not be counted. That is
all there is about it. As for taxing slaves, there
never was such an attempt made by anybody.
You might as well undertake to tax a horse or a
cow, because under their laws they do not look
upon them in any different light. They say this
is property. I take them at their word. Judge
Taney says it is property, just like an ox or a
horse. I say it ought not to be, and I do not be-
lieve that a conscicntious man can hold that it is;
but you hold it so, and you profit by it, and you
grow rich, and your presumption has grown with
your wealth, and with your influence and power
derived from this source. \Why should we with-
hold our hand ? Is there any letter of the Con-
stitution that forbids it? Not at all. Docs the
reason of the rule forbid it ? The rule laid down
in the Constitution is, that on an occasion when
you levy direct taxes you shall lay them accord-
ing to representation, and the representation of
the southern States, as we all know, is fixed by a
peculiar arrangement in the Constitution. There
is the only place you touch it, and that is when it
is apportioned among the States.
But therc'is a power under the Constitution to
lay excises, and all other taxes that any nation
ever did levy. We have not seen fit, in this bill,
to raise what is called a direct tax. That has to
he apportioned among the several States accord-
ing to their representation in Congress. That
provision of the Constitution was putin only to
meet the case where you undertake to tax upon
the basis of an enumeration, and to lay a direct
tax upon that basis on all the States. That is the
only direct tax which the Constitution speaks of,
but it gives Congress the power to layexcises and
other taxes, and under that power they arc left
free to tax this species of property as well as any
other property that is deemed valuable.
When you undertake to distribute taxation
among the people by what is called in the Con-
stitution a direct tax, you must tax slaves in the
proportion there laid down; but that is not what
we are at now. We are attempting no such thing.
We have attempted in this bill to reach almost
every species of'property which it is profitable for
a man to own; and yet some gentlemen seem to
have a kind of religious barrier against touching
this species of property in any way or undei any
circumstances. As to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, you cannot get a negro anywhere that he
will touch, even across a ten acre lot. He is guarded
at all points; he bristles like a porcupine when-
ever it is proposed to touch the institution of sla-
very anywhere. Can you tax their cotton? No,
says the Senator. Can you confiscate their prop-
erty? Horrible! Sir, a man may be a watch-dog
for that institution on this floor, if he chooses; he
has a right to be; but he ought to be content with
his occupation.
Slaves are valuable, and very valuable, and the
labor that they perform has inured to the build-
ing up of great arisfociatic estates in this country;
and I think 1 have shown—indeed it appears with-
out any showing—that we arc not restrained by
anything in the Constitution of tne United States
that admonishes us not to touch this property in a
bill of this kind. I agiee that when you undertake
to lay a capitation or direct tax these persons can-
not be subjected to a taxation in more than a certain
proportion according to an actual enumeration;
but when you come to lay an excise, to tax prop-
erty according as it will bear taxation, you are not
so restrained, and this property,among the most
valuable, has no moie immunity than any other.
How have these gentlemen answered the question
about taxing lawyers, taxing doctors, taxing jug-
glers, taxing merchants, taxing other classes of
men by name according to their occupation and
because it is supposed to be a profitable occupa-
tion, taxing even their capacity for acquiring
wealth whether they obtain it or not? Can you
discriminate between that and taxing slaveholders
for their slaves? If you may tax the lawyer be-
cause he practices law, the doctor because he prac-
ticesmedicine, the mcrchantbecause he is engaged
in business, why may you not tax the man who
owns slaves and makes the rearing Imd working
of slaves his occupation ? Is there such a distinc-
tion? Sir, it is astonishing that this species of
property, most abhorrent to God and man, when
the policy of the Government and of every just
man should be, wherever we can reach it, to lay
a heavy hand upon it, should be the only prop-
erty that is held to be sacred and is sought to be
exempted on all occasions. As I said before, you
cannot propose to touch it anywhere but you find
some gentlemen here discovering constitutional
quibblesto show how itcannotbe done, as though
the Constitution, formed to do justice to every-
body, was framed to enable certain gentlemen to
hold slaves, and profitably hold them. You can
scare some gentlemen out of their wits by the
mere mention of a slave. They are horrified, they
cry, "hands off!" They have probably been
taught from their boyhood to revere this species
of pioperty as something that ought not to be
touched. It reminds me of a story that I read
when I was a boy. In Rolhn's History, we are
told that in olden times the kings of Persia made
war upon Egypt; the two armies approached each
other and were on the eve of a great battle. The
Egyptians worshiped cats, and had done s'o from
generation to generation, just as some of us do
slavery and slaveholders. The Persians being
aware of this weakness existing among the Egyp-
tians collected all the cats they could find arid lied
them together between the two armies, so that no
Egyptian could sling a stone or throw a javelin
toward the Persian lines without being in danger
of wounding his gods. So itis with slavery; some
cannot do what is right, cannot do what is con-
stitutional, because this idol of theirs will be
wounded.
Now, sir, 1 shall vote for this tax. I am glad
of the opportunity to vote for it. There is no pro-
hibition m the Constitution against it; butgeiule-
men say it is exceedingly impolitic, because the
President has thrown out to the people of the
border States the suggestion that if they will con-
sent to it the Govern ment will buy off their slaves,
and if we impose this lax they will hang on to
them with a tenacity that you cannot overcome.
Who ever before heard of such a doctrine as that?
Will they value them the more because you tax
them? Is that the idea? So argues the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and, as if that were not
enough, he says you will inflame their minds and
make them so enormously mad against you that
they will never come into the Union again; you
will irritate them. Can you irritate them any
more than they are irritated already? Do they
not dig up your bones and make drinking cups
of your skulls? Do not the very women poison
their arrows against you,and throw vitriol upon
your dying men ? Do you talk about irritating
such a people? Sir, you will not create a much
greater degree of irritation among them by any-
thing you can do, and certainly taxing slaves
will notniake thcin anymoic savage than though
you did not. That is the perverse philosophy of
gentlemen, but it is not founded in human nature
or human action.
But it is said the loyal men of the border States
will be irritated and they will he overborne. Sir,
the loyal men of the border States do not hold
slaves. More than twenty to one of the loyal
men in the border States do not own a slave; and
they are as intentupon doing justice and bringing
tojustice those who do as any man on this floor.
With all the feeling that is wiought up by the
Unio'n men of the border States against their op-
pressors, they would carry it further than any
man on this floor. It is their standing complaint
against this Government, that it does not do half
its duty in putting down the rascals who perse-
cute them. They complain that when our armies
march into the border States and overcome our
enemies, they treat those enemies who have per-
secuted the Union men unto death, with as much
deference and respect as they do the Union men
