1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Mr. "WRIGHT. There is no such decision, to
my knowledge.
Mr. Sheffield's amendment to the amendment
was rejected,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Fuiiney, their Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate insist on
their amendments to the bill of the House (No.
242) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
further appropriations for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1862; and ask for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses to the said bill.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the bill re-
lating to
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. OLIN. 1 desire to amend the bill in the
thirteenth line of the second section.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment will be in
order except it be pertinent to the amendment
pending.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the amendment by adding at the end of it as fol-
lows:
Provided ctlso} That no person shall bo admitted to vote
at said election who shall not, at all times heretofore, have
been loyal to the Government of the United States.
I do not wish to make any remarks upon this
amendment, farther than to say that I offer it in
good faith; and if it be adopted, and added to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I think it would make it vcrymuch better, though
I would still he opposed to the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 will accept the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
The amendment, as modified, was disagreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I now propose my amendmentin
the thirteenth line of the second section.
Mr. WADSWORTII. I have an amendment
to a preceding clause of thatsection, which I sup-
pose will take precedence of theamendmentofthc
gentleman from New York, i move to strike out
of the second hne of the section the words " loyal
to the United States." The reason why 1 make
that motion is bccanso ! hold the provision to be
unconstitutional. 1 hold jt to be a violation of the
fifth amendment to the Constitution which pro-
vides that—
<l No person shall he held to answer for a capital or other
infamous crime unlesson a presentment or indictment of a
grand jury, except m cases arising m the land or naval
forces, or in the militia while in actual setvieo in tune of
war or public danger; nor shall any person he subject for
the same offense to he twice put in jeopardy of hie or lunb;
nor shall be compelled in any ci uninal case to be a witn<*>.<,
Hgainst himself, nor he deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law; nor shall property be taken for
public use without just compensation."
Of course, that idea is based upon the conclu-
sion that slaves arc property, or that the owner
of a slave has an interest of some sort in htm which
the laws protect; a property which cannot be taken
from him except for crime or by the right of em-
inent domain.
Now, sir, I suppose the term "loyal to the
United States," means where some person has
been guilty of treason, or some simitar offense,
and I say that the Congress of the JJnitetl States
cannot deprive a man of his life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law; and I suppose
the expression " due process of law,5' will be un-
derstood by every one to mean trial and convic-
tion in a com l of justice.
But, if you claim the power to take this prop-
erty under the right of emmentdomain, then I say
you cannot do it without just compensation, and
that that compensation must be paid to the dis-
loyal as well as the loyal. You cannot confiscate
the property of a disloyal man until lie shall have
been tried and convicted in your judicial tribunals.
I presume what I say will have no i nfluence with
the House upon this question; butmy opinion is,
nevertheless, as I state it. •
It is this fifth amendment of the Constitution
which contains the new Magna Charta which has
been spoken of, that no person phall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, except by due pro-
cess of law. It is said that this clause refers to
the slave as well as the master. This is the first '
time I ever heard that the slave had liberty or had
property to be deprived of. If that was the inten-
tion of the Constitution, itcontainod theanomaly
of providing for the importation of African slaves
for twenty years after it was adopted. Virginia
and Delaware wanted to put in a provision pro-
hibiting the further importation of slaves from the
time of the adoption of the Constitution; but the
other States would not consent to it. The same
instrument which contains this new Magna Charta
also contains the right to capture Africans and
bring them to this country for twenty years.
Now, I undertake to say that under this amend-
ment to the,Constitution you can as well take the
life of a disloyal man without judicial proceeding
as his property. Of course you cannot confiscate
his property in this indirect way,by emancipating
his slave without compensation, because you re-
gard him as disloyal. If it were legal, I would
be perfectly willing to take from a disloyal man
almost anything that could be supposed to sub-
serve the public interest, although I must again,
as I have heretofore, enter my protest against all
attempts at confiscation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment. My objection is, that a man who is dis-
loyal forfeits the protection which he would oth-
erwise be entitled to from the Government; that
he cannot claim the protection of the Constitution
which he repudiates and attempts to cast off, and
it is not for us to confer rights upon him which
he distinctly disclaims.
But, in the next place, what I think is a con-
clusive answer is that the man who has determined
to hold slave property in the District of Columbia,
over which Congress has exclusive legislative
jurisdiction in alt cases whatever, holds that prop-
erty with a distinct reference to that provision of
the Constitution. He does it knowing that when-
ever the Congress of the United States may legis-
late in such way as to deprive him of that property
he must submit. I contend that that provision of
the Constitution which gives to us the power of
legislation in all cases whatever, and that exclu-
sively, has no limitation whatever in its applica-
tion to this District, but may deprive a man of his
property, even though it be not in negroes.
I maintain that the fifth amendment to the Con-
stitution has reference to a very different applica-
tion from what the gentleman supposes. It is a
restriction upon the general legislation of Con-
gress, whereas Congress has exclusive legislation
in all cases whatsoever, so far as the District is
concerned. It is made absolute over the sent of
Government. But even if it were a case of doubt, .
I should prefer to err on the safe side, and cast
my vote in favor of the bill, or upon the side of
humanity, rather than upon the side of inhuman-
ity, injustice, and svhat I regard as indefensible
in good morals.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Wads worth
was disagreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I move now to amend, in the thir-
teenth line of the second section, by striking out
the word " not," and inserting the words " prima
facie;" so that the proviso will read:
That the oath of the party shall be prima fade evidence
of the facts therein stated.
Instead of''shall not be."
I regret to feel compelled to move this amend-
ment, for I wish to set the bill pass, and am
ready to vote for it; but it will be perceived by a
moment's glance at the second section, that the
bill as it now stands contains this most extraor-
dinary anomaly which requires the oatli of a pat ty
to verify the facts stated in his petition, and then
provides bylasvthatthe oath shall be disregarded.
It may be important that the petition which is
verified by an oath, should be substantiated by
testimony, and if it be so, it is proper to provide
that the petitioner shall, in some form prescribed,
verify his statement. It is certainly a new form
of legislation; it is an anomaly in legislation to
require that the petitioner shall verify his state-
ment by oath, and then in the same breath de-
clare that the oath shall be no evidence at all.
A Member. It is always so.
Mr. OLIN. Never so. Who says always so?
[Laughter.] It never was provided that a man
should verify his statement with an oath, and then
in the same section declare that the oath shall be
disregarded.
Now, undoubtedly those who framed this bill
never designed to have such a provision in it.
They designed that the oath of the petitioner
should not be conclusive of the facts stated in the
proceeding. It was designed" that it should be left
to be controverted by proofs, or that the facts
stated in the petition should be verified by oath.
It was designed that you should have that secur-
ity , and leave the party interested to disprove those
facts if he could, or saw fit to do so. My amend-
ment will obviate that objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not propose to go
into an argument with my friend from £Tew York;
but I am opposed to this amendment. I am op-
posed to any amendment to the bill, and I hope that
the committee will agree with me, and go forward
and pass this bill as it has come to us from tlvfe
Senate. If gentlemen of the other side offeramend-
ments,let us hear them, and then vote them down.
Mr. BIDDLE. Is it in order to strike out the
first section of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. BIDDLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making the evidence conclusive. Five
minutes afford no time/or the statement of my
objections to this measure. Waiving the question
of its constitutionality, to my mind, at least, the
eminent statesman of Kentucky has demonstrated
that it is utterly inexpedient and inopportune at
the present time,
I leave to the Representatives of the slavehold-
ing States the treatment of this question in its re-
lation to their constituents—those loyal men who
are entitled from us to every consideration that is
due to loyalty and patriotism, displayed under cir-
cumstances of the utmost difficulty and danger.
It is in its relation to interests that I represent
that I shall say a few words on this bill. Why
is it pressed upon us now ? The most ingenious
rhetoric will hardly persuade us, who are on the
spot, that the suffering of the domestic servants
of this city are now peculiarly urgent or intol-
erable. Why is this bill pressed upon us ? There
is an answer which my esteemed colleagues from
Pennsylvania may listen to, at this time, with in-
terest.
I will read from the Republican organ of this
city a few extracts from an editorial, urging the
immediate passage of this bill, and disclosing some
of the reasons for the urgency. It says:
" Current events, which ate well understood, are tending
to mercase the number of lrce ne£rioc-> in thi-> Distnct, in a
dcsrc' which i^ ptonounced < alarming' by many per-iO.i^-,
and which has even atttacted the attention of the city fath-
ers of Washington." **•*«• a it require- no
great comprehension to Undentand'lhat a reservoir without
outlet*, and into which stieams constantly run, must finally
become lull and overflow.'*
The article goes on to complain of some restric-
tions which the Baltimore and Ohio railroad im-
poses upon fugitive negroes, and then says:
uThe Dist net of Columbia, m short, is to negroes an easy
piaee to get into, but a lund place to £ct out ot. It will be
one of the good consequence*, which mav be expected from
the abolition of slavery here that the idea of security to
slave propeitv, which is at tin- bottom of the rule we com-
plain of, will cea?e to be opeiative. With the raihoad to
the Noith open to the negroes, their flow thitherwaid would
be consideiable and constant."' * * * "We
noticed, for example, in the Philadelphia Press of yester-
day, a communication from the seeiet.ny of an association
there to the effect that the ninety-thieecontrabandssentto
Philadelphia nom (iencra! I3ank '.s column, had been lead-
ily lined out, and th.it the new-paper statements that a thou-
sand moie vrcic on then way had produced applications for
them, fiom both city and coutiny, sufficiently extensive to
show that an indefinite numbet might bo favorably disposed
of. Tlifio may bo changes nj opinion hereaftei, (in what
direction nobody can foresee,) hut at present then; is no
doubt that the movement of negroes out of this District to
th« Noith would be huge if the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
would take them as passengers upon the t>ame tooting as
other pa^cngers; of course we do not expect anvthing to
bedone until the emancipation hill, already parsed the Ken-
ate, shall be passed by the House ; but just as soon as that
happens, will not our city government, which has already
taken up the subject of free negroes, exert its influence to
abrogate .i rule which blocks the exodus of that species of
population? If we are to have ' an alarming influx' of them,
let u*, for the first time, open a door through which they
can get out."
Sir, since this is to happen, when this bill passes,
as a Representative of Philadelphia, my vote shall
not help to pass it.
I will not help to make this District the flood-
gate through which all the smaller channels of
industry at the North shall be choked and black-
ened.
Now that you have practically '£ nullified "
the constitutional provision for recaption, great
swarms of fugitives—thousands and tens of thou-
sands of them—may come like black locusts, and
settle down upon us. Against this threatened in-
