«?5
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16m
vasion Pennsylvania may need protection; so far
as my vote can give it, she shall have it now.
1 would not hurry this unfortunate race north-
ward to be repulsed there; I would leave itwhere
nature and circumstances seem to have determined
its abode. For this reason, now and always, I
have opposed all rash and unconstitutional inter-
ferences with this the most difficult and dangerous
subject of our age and country; and now, consist-
ently, I shall vote against this act. No sound
reasons of State policy dictate it; in the opinion of
those bestable to appreciate its consequences, they
will be injurious. The common sense of the coun-
try is warning us that the common-sense policy
towards slavery is, to let the subject alone. So
we shall take from the secession leaders the fuel
with which they kindled and keep alive the rebel-
lion, of which their abolition coadjutors are and
have always been helping them to blow the flames.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I do not rise to answer my colleague, be-
cause I think he has answered himself. J think
the remarks made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] require a specific answer, and
that is this: he, as a lawyer, knows full well, I
have no doubt, that the initiation of almost all
legal proceedings in most of the States, where they
are inaugurated by petition, requires the petition
to be verified by oath, yet that petition docs not
constitute a prima facie case when the party comes
into court to continue-those proceedings.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman permit me 
Mr. HICKMAN. I will if the gentleman will
not take up all of my time. I think that my friend
is trying to get out of the difficulty by occupying
ali of my time.
Mr. OLIN. Let me have a minute, and I will
try and get the gentleman out of his difficulty.
Let me say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that by the practice in his own State and by the
practice in my State 
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has expired. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendmentwas rejected.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the woids il that it shall be a
prima faclc case only so far as to £i ve the commis-
sion jurisdiction." Mr. Chairman, there is a
seeming inconsistency in this section of the bill.
It requires that the parLy should append to his
petition an oath that shall be evidence to any other
extent. Its purpose undoubtedly was to place
the petition before the court and nothing more, to
prevent troubling the commissioners with ground-
less claims. It was to prevent the presentation
of claims without any seeming support whatever.
The gentleman from New York knows no case
in which an oath appended to a paper has this
significance. No more has it when a complaint
is made against a party upon which a warrant
issues. The complaint must be sworn to; but
when the charge comes to be considered the oath
of the party has no effect whatever.
Mr. OLIN. Let me interrupt the gentleman.
Mr. EDWARDS. I decline to yield. I men-
tion this for the put pose of sustaining this bill as
it stands, and that there may be no delay in its
passage.
Mr. STEVENS. I have hardly ever heard a case
so plain as this make so much noise. Almost
every petition of divorce, or commencement of a
chancery proceeding, has to be sworn to, and yet
it is never made evidence. It cannot be made
evidence without express provision.
1 move that the committee rise, to close this
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the debate on the
pending amendment in the committee be closed
in one second after its consideration shall be re-
sumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended,and the House resolveitself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair.)
Mr. EDWARDS withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CRADLEBATJGIT moved to amend so
that the hill shall apply to persons of Anglo-Saxon
blood, and shall be extended to the Territories.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out
of order, as not germane.
Mr. Olin's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I offer the following amendment
to the third section:
And provided further, That any person feeling himself
aggrieved by the determination of the commissioners, in
the amount of compensation awarded, may, within three
months fiom the tnne when the final leportof said commis-
sioner shall be filed, as herein provided, appeal to the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the Disnict of Columbia,
and either party may bo entitled to a trial by jury in that
court, and the judgment in the case shall be fmal upon*all
parties.
Mr. Chairman, in offering this amendment, I
simply desire to perfect a bill for which I intend
to vote. Gentlemen will notice that this bill treats
the service and labor to which persons of African
descent are held, as property, and contemplates
that the average value of the scrvicc shall not ex-
ceed $300. Now, then, the fifth article of the
amendments to the Constitution providesthatpri-
vate property shall not be " taken for public use
without just compensation." The seventh arti-
cle provides that in suits at common law, when
the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dol-
lars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved.
Now, then, as the value in controversy under this
bill may, and in most cases will, exceed twenty
dollars, it would seem important, and I call the
attention of the lawyers in the House to the fact,
that there is no provision securing the right of
trial by jury in this bill. It is especially import-
ant, in my judgment, that we should not, by such
an omission, defeat the objects of this bill, and we
shall all hereafterregretthe fact,if this bill should,
by the competent tribunal, be declared unconsti-
tutional, or any of its provisions.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the process of law
undei which these slaves have been held?
Mr. TRAIN. I do not yield for any interrup-
tion on that subject. I have heard enough of that
in Massachusetts.
I therefore ask the attention of the committee
because this must be deemed a proceeding at com-
mon law, the Supreme Court of the United States
having decided that the limitation of the seventh
amendment to the Constitution applies not to the
States, which fix their own constitutional limita-
tions, but to proceedings in the tribunals of the
United States.
I wish to add that this amendment does not af-
fect the bill, so far forth as it goes to the question
of emancipation, but simply the proceedings in
fixing the compensation to which the owners are
to be entitled.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I oppose the amendment. I
am tired of this miseiable twaddle about due pro-
cess of law for the master when everybody knows
that every slave in the District of Columbia and
m the United States has been lobbed of his free-
dom without process of law.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment of the "gentleman from
Massachusetts, simply for the purpose of saying
that he has not well considered this case. The
limitation he speaks of applies only to suits at
common law, and that is no suit at common law.
A suit m chancery is not affected by it, nor any
other suit, except that at common law, and there
are no suits at common law, and there is no com-
mon law in the United States.
I agree with the gentleman from Illinois, and
hope that no amendment will be made to this bill;
but that it will bo put through just as it is.
Mr. WADSWORTII. I raise a point of or-
der. It is that such remarks are not germane to
the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. ThisisnotaGerman amend-
ment at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRAIN. The member from Pennsylvania
is all wrong in Ins law. This proceeding will be
a proceeding at common law, and nothing else.
Every proceeding in law is a proceeding at com-
mon law, and any party has, therefore, the right
to trial by jury; and the courts have settled that
proceedings in equity are alone exempted from
this right of a trial by jury, for the reason that
the chancery jurisdiction of the courts wetewell
known and established at the time of 4he adoption
of the Constitution. • * • "•
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous.consent, wUk*
drew his amendment. - •? •
Mr. DUNN. I renew the amendment. I'ridb
for the purpose of saying that the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts seems to have
some merit, but I do not know that that will com-
mend it particularly to the consideration of the
committee at this time, as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] announces to the com-
mittee that it is his purpose—and I suppose he
expects others to follow him—to vote down ali
amendments, and to take this bill just as it came
from the Senate. I do not pretend to say that is
not right; I do not pretend to say that the bill is
not now in the best form in which it can be put,
but I must express my astonishment that a mem-
ber of this House should propose to carry through
a measure of this importance without affording
any opportunity for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ghair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman are not confined to his
amendment. Debate has heretofore been allowed
such latitude that the Chair is compelled to con*
fine gentlemen to their amendments according to
the rule.
Mr. DUNN. It seems to me, as I said before,
that the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts might have much to recom-
mend it to the consideration of a committee which
was disposed to deliberate. If, on the contrary,
it is the intention of a majority, or of those who
think they have a majority, to compel us to take
a vote 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
should be confined to the propriety of striking out
the last word of the amendment.
Mr. DUNN. I hope what has been said by
the Chair will not be taken out of my time. It
is scarcely worth while to consume our time in
this discussion, but I must take this occasion to
say, that when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiburne] temporarily occupied the chair as
Speaker of the House, a few moments ago, when
I proposed to move to adjourn, he seemed to be
exceedingly blind and deaf.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a point of order.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " three," and in-
serting " two." I entirely agree with my friend
that, in all probability, the vitality of this bill will
depend upon the adoption of the pending amend-
ment; and as I desiie to see a icasonable bill, one
which will stand the test of the courts, passed at
this time, I hope my amendment to the amend-
ment will be adopted. I propose to substitute two
months for three months, because in the legisla-
tion of Massachusetts it has been found that two
months suffices for this purpose; and I appeal to
every New England lawyer to give his attention
to this amendment, that he may vote understand-
ingly upon it. There is no case where private
property is taken, in which the Legislature of
Massachusetts, at least, has not prescribed this
precise method of coming to that last tribunal,
where civil rights are to be protected, and where
compensation is to be afforded, namely, trial by
jury.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
amendment—
Mr. DELANO called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Shanks and Mr.
Train were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 63.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HARDING. I propose to strike out the
first proviso, as follows:
Provided, however, That the entire sum so appraised and
apportioned shall not exceed in the aggregate an amount
equal to §300 for each person shown to have been so held
by lawful claim. t
There seems to be a strange and unusual haste
in regard to this bill, but notwithstanding I am
precluded from any extended remarks, I beg leave
to call the attention of gentlemen for a few mo-
