1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL mmE,
37th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Management of Navy Department—3Ir. Sedgwick.
Ho. of Reps.
vice, and thaf they, from their habits of life, their
experience, their knowledge of naval affairs, their
education and training, were more competent and
better prepared to do that service to the advant-
age of the Government than any mercantile agcncy
out of the Department and out of the line of its
officers which could be employed. They insist
that they should be men who are subject to mili-
tary discipline, and to exemplary and prompt pun-
ishment for any misconduct; but that if officers of
the Navy could not be employed for that pur-
pose, then the business should be intrusted to
those having experience in sea life, and in the
building or sailing of vessels, and competent to
know of the character, capacity, and value of the
various vessels offered to the Government. They
complain through the entire report that the pur-
chasing of vessels, which was comvncnced upon
their principles by an experienced officer of the
Navy, was taken from htm and committed to a
man who had been engaged all his life in commer-
cial pursuits, and they insist upon it that this
change in the agency of the Government was at-
tended with loss and damage to the Government;
that it was a novel experiment; that it was with-
out precedent and without law, and which, in-
stead of securing benefit to the public service, will
result in loss to it. In accordance with that res-
olution, the committee reported the third of this
series of resolution^ which is as follows:
That the practice of employing irresponsible parties, hav-
ing no official connection with the Government, m the per-
toimance of public duties which may be properly performed
by regular otficeis of the Government, and of puiehat-ing
by private contract supplies foi tin* different Departments.,
wlieie open and fair competition might he properly invited
by leasonable udveitisement ior proposals*, j* injurious lo
the public service, and meets the unqualified disapproba-
tion of this House.
That is the resolution of the committee. One
member of the committee, Mr. Holman, of Indi-
ana 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is not in order to call members by name. The
Chair called attention to it the other day. It is
contrary to pailiamentary rule.
Mr. SEDGWICK. J did it merely for the
purpose of calling his attention and lo give him
an opportunity, which I understand he desires, of
separating from the resolutions of the committee
the resolution which he introduced; not from the
committee, but upon his own personal respons-
ibility.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose
of submitting the question more definitely, 1 will
modify the amendment which I offered to the
fourth of the series of the resolutions, by sub-
stituting for it the following:
Resolved, That Simon Cameron, late Secretary of War,
by investing Alexander Cumrningd with the control of large
sums of the public money, and authoiity to purchase mili-
tary Mipplu-s, without re&tnction, without requiring from
him any guarantee lor the faithful peifoimanceofhis duties,
when the services of competent public ofticeis were avail-
able, and by involving the Government in :t va.-t number
of contract* with poisons not legitimately engaged in the
business pertaining to the subject-matterof such contracts,
especially in the purchase of arms for future dclivciy, has
adopted a policy highly mjmious to the public service, and
desoive? the eensuie of this House.
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Navy, in the employ-
ment of GeoigeD. Motgan, without requiring fioin hhn any
guarantee for the faithful performance of his duties m the
purchase of a las ge number of vessels for the public use, with
a compensation dependent on the puces paid for such ves-
sels, and leceivable from the seller, instead of employing
responsible officer?; of the Government, has adopted a policy
unauthoiized by law, destructive of public economy and
public confidence, and deserves the censure of this House.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mi-. Speaker, I am obliged
to ttie gentleman from Indiana for doing the jus-
tice of separating these resolutions, so that each
person whose conduct is impugned by the reso-
lutions of the committee may stand on his own
merits, or fall by his own misconduct. I propose
to show that the old routine and red-tape system
which would lead to purchasing vessels by naval
officers on any presumption that they have skill
in trading, is a most monstrous proposition which
cannot be sustained for one moment, and which
any sensible man m this House would reject in
Ills own affairs. Ill the first place there is nothing
in the profession of a naval officer to beget this
skill in trade. The whole training of an officer,
and all the habits of his life, are entirely inconsist-
ent with the acquisition of any such skilL This
matter has been tested by experience. The De-
partment availed itself of the skill and experience
of its officers in the first purchases and charters
of vessels, when it was found that the necessities
of war required that this should be done. They
employed a gentleman of age, of mature experi-
ence, ofgreatskili in his profession—a man against
whose integrity and honesty 110 person who
knows him will ever breathe a suspicion. I refer
to Commodore Breese of the Brooklyn navy-yard,
a man of sense and discretion, of education and
skill in his profession, but as incompetent as a
child in all matters concerning the purchase of ves-
sels, as experience has taught us to our cost.
Lot me show the House an instance of this.
One of the purchases most complained of 011 the
part of the mercantile agent of die Navy Depart-
ment was that of the Stars and Stripes. She was
bought for $55,000, and it is said she cost but
$36,000. She was a new vessel, a propeller of
four hundred and seven tons. At the time of her
purchase she was in the employment of the War
Department under a charter,at §10,000 a month.
If the committee 011 Government contracts had
examined with particularity every purchase made
through the mercantile agent, it would not have
found one that would have suited its purposes bet-
ter than this one ill charging extravagance on that
branch of the service.
Through an officer of experience, a man re-
sponsible to m ilitary authority, a man of experience
in the service, brought up to a knowledge of na-
val affairs, the Government purchased two other
vessels—one of three hundred and eighty-nine
tons and one of three hundred and seventy-eight
tons, each of them three years of age, at a cost of
$75,000 each. The Stars and Stripes, a new ves-
sel,and of the same class with the other two which
were three years older, was put-chased by the mer-
cantile agent at $55,000. The one purchased by
the mercantile agent, and which has been seized
upon as a proof of extravagance, cost $132 a ton
new. The others, three years of age, bought by
experienced officers of the Government, cost $194
per ton, and were not new. They were in no re-
spect vessels of a superior class to that of whose
purchase, complaint is made.
That is one specimen. There were other con-
tracts made by that experienced commodore. He
chartered from parties 111 New York several vessels
—live from one concern, Cromwell & Co,—the
Monticelio and Mount Vernon at $8,000 per
month; the Huntsvillc and Montgomery at $10,000
per month, and the R. E. Cuyler at $12,500 per
month. From another party he chartered the
Dawn at $7,000 and the Daylight at $8,000. In
those charter contracts was included an agi cement
by which the Government had a right to purchase
these vessels at the following prices: the Monti-
cello and Mount Vernon at $80,000 each; the
Huntsville and Montgomery at $100,000each; the
R. R. Cuyler at $180,000; the Dawn at $45,000,
and the Daylight at $00,000—all at $070,000.
These same vessels, being for a time 111 the ser-
vice of the Government under charters, they would
have cost in ton months their whole asking pricc.
They were chartered at ten per cent, on their
nominal value, at which the Government had a
right to take them. After these charters had been
running for a few months, the Government em-
ployed a mercantile agent to see if they could be
got rid of. That agent went 011 and purchased the
same vessels that were chartered, and for which
the above prices were agreed upon between the
owners and the experienced agent of the Govern-
ment, at an aggregate saving of $93,000 in that
single transaction—a larger sum than has been
paid to him for commissions.
But there was a little something further about
that. These vessels, chartered by the official agent
of the Government, had been altered to fit them
for the naval service, at a cost of over $50,000, and
it was estimated that it would have cost about the
same amount to restore them to the same condi-
tion in which they had been when chartered, and
which the Government had agreed to do, on their
being returned to the proprietors.
Here, then, is the experience of employing a
naval officer in the purchase of vessels. 1 shall
have occasion to call the attention of the House
a little further to this subject heieafter, to show
that, notwithstanding the responsibility of an of-
ficer of the Wavy, the Government was notsaved
from imposition and fraud. After a J-fttle expe-
rience of that mode of transacting business, the
Navy Department concluded to select an agent, of
experience in mercantile affairs, to attend to; the
business of purchasing an<1 chartering -vessels.
Mr. Morgan was named as a proper person to be
employed in that matter. It was not a secret ar-
rangement. It was an open arrangement, known
to and advised by other officers of the Govern-
ment, besides the chief of the Navy Department.
There was no concealment about it. The trans-
action was fair and open. It has been repeatedly
avowed, in the reports which from time to time
the head of the Navy Department has made to
the Executive of the United States and to-Con-
gress; and he stands upon it as being the best
arrangement which, under the circumstances of
the case, it was possible for him to make. The
conduct of the business of the agent was fair and
open. There was a public advertisement in the
principal market for vessels in the United States,
stating the description of vessels which he was
directed to purchase. There was, in all cases, a
fair and open statement of the terms on which he
proposed to buy. That is, that the Government
was to pay the value of the vessels; and the sell-
ers were to pay the commissions on sale to the
broker or to the agent.
It is said by the committee that whenever the
Government desired to obtain a knowledge of the
character and description of the property pur-
chased, it fell back on officers of the Navy." That
is true. That was the manner in whielr these pur-
chases were conducted. The Department em-
ployed a mercantile agent to do the negotiation,
to uo the trading. In all cases it employed a na-
val constructor of experience and character to ex-
| amine into the materials, construction,and condi-
tion of the vessels proposed to be bought. They
caused an ordnance officer to examine the vessels
with a view to ascertain what armament they would
carry. They employed an engineer of skill and
experience 10 ascertain the condition and value of
I the engines and machinery by which these boats
were propelled. There was, therefore, a division
of labor between the different agents of the Gov-
ernment: the constructor of experience to know
what the quality and condition of the vessels was,
the engineer and ordnance officers to examine them
in the particulars in which they had experience
and skill, and the mercantile agent to conduct the
negotiation.
It is said that this large business should not
have been thrown into the hands of a single agent.
But every man of business will see that if'any
other agent, if two agents of the Government, had
been employed in the same market, the only result
would have been to make the Government a com-
petitor against itself; it would have resulted in
enhancing the price of the property purchased.
That was the case in the sending by the Govern-
ment of agents to Europe to buy arms and sup-
plies for the Army, where each gentleman, anx-
ious to obtain the ciedit 01- profit of as large an
amount puichased by him as possible, would have
no hesitancy in bidding against another agent of
the Government employed in the same business.
I have shown how, in a single transaction of
this agency of the Government, a large amountof
money was saved. In assajling these transactions
an official report has been made to Congress, con-
taining a long argument, based upon an attempt
to impeach the accuracy of a statement made by
the Navy Department, which as printed shows the
price asked for one vessel to have been $120,000,
and the price paid $93,000, making a difference of
$97,000. Now, is it not strange, is it ingenuous,
that a mistake so obvious to the mind of any man
disposed to let 111 the light, should be taken hold
of, when in all the other papers referring to the
transaction the sum appears at $93,000 instead of
$23,000? Is it not strange that upon such a basis
an attempt should be made to impeach the integ-
rity of the transaction ?
Under this arrangementone hundred and thirty-
six, and I suppose before this one, hundred and
fifty vessels, have been purchased,and no one of
those vessels which have been purchased through
the medium of this mercantile agency has been
lost to the Government. Other vessels have been
found inefficient'; they have not been found suited
to the wants of the Government for the purposes
