1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
628
son on the 16th of December last, which has been
reported adversely from the Committee on the
Judiciary:
Whereas Hon. Jesse D. Bright, heretofore on the 1st
day of March, 1861, wrote a letter, of which the following
is a copy:
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Deak Sir: Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance mv friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital mainlvto dispose of what he regards a great
improvement in fire-arms. I recommend him to your favor-
able consideration as a gentleman of the first respectability,
and reliable in every respect.
Very ti uly yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
And whereas we believe the said letter is evidence of dis-
loyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give aid
and comfort to the public enemies : Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the said Jesse D. Bright is ex-
pelled from his seat in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, the discus-
sion of the resolution submitted for the expulsion
of the Senator from Indiana has taken a very wide
range. I have no intention whatever of entering
into the consideration of many of the questions
which have been drawn into the discussion. I
may at some future time avail myself of a more
fit occasion to express my sentiments in regard to
some of those subjects. I stated on Friday, and
repeat now, that it is not my purpose to make a
speech on this occasion, but to submit a plain and
very brief statement, which I trust to be able to
compress into a very few minutes, of the reasons
which will govern my own action and control my
own vote.
From a careful examination of the constitutional
provision upon the subject of expulsion, I am
fully satisfied that it is not necessary, in the ex-
ercise of the power of expulsion by the Senate,
that the Senator proceeded against should have
been guilty of any offense for which he would be
subject to indictment, trial, conviction, and pun-
ishment. Such seem to be the precedents also,
that the Senate has not been confined to so narrow
a range in its action upon questions of this char-
acter. If, for instance, it were certain that there
were in our midst a man of disloyal and trea-
sonable sentiments to the Government, who had
yet been guilty of no overt act of treason for
which he could be proceeded against criminally,
I think there can be 110 question that it would be
a proper exercise of the power vested in the Sen-
ate of expulsion to expel him for that cause, al-
though he would not be subject to animadversion
by the criminal laws of the country.
Indeed, I believe the power of expulsion is the
only power of protection the Senate possesses in
regard to its members. I apprehend a Senator is
not subject to impeachment and trial by the Sen-
ate for any offense, whatever it may be. I do not
express that as a settled conviction of mine, but
I apprehend it is so. From examining the pro-
vision of the Constitution in regard to impeach-
ment, I do not suppose a Senator would be liable
to impeachment and trial by the Senate; and the
Senate has virtually so decided in the earliest case
that ever arose for its consideration upon a charge
made against one of its body, upon the direct
question when articles of impeachment had been
preferred against him by the House of Represent-
atives, and when it came before the Senate for
consideration.
The case of Mr. William Blount, who wep a
Senator from Tennessee, is the first one, I be-
lieve, that arose in the Senate, and I simply glance
at it. That case and the case now under consid-
eration are not without features of resemblance.
Mr. Blount had written a letter, addressed to a
gentleman who, I believe, was in the employment
of our own Government, containing sentiments
which were supposed to be, and which doubtless
were, disloyal to the Government of the United
States. The letter was addressed to ail officer of
this Government, and not to a person who had
repudiated the authority of this Government. It
was intended for his perusal, and those who weie
in collusion with him alone; but, as in this case,
it fell into other hands. It was brought to the
notice of the Senate, and the Senate adopted this
resolution m regard to him:
  Resolved, That William Blount. Esq., one of the Sena-
tors of the United States, having been guilty o! a high rms
demeanor, entncly inconsistent with iiis public tru^t and
duty as a Senator, be. and he hereby is, expelled from the
Senate of the United States."
That resolution passed with a single dissenting
vote, when in that case I suppose the Senator had
not been guilty of any actual treason for which he
would have been liable to punishment; for not-
withstanding articles of impeachment were pre-
ferred against him by the House of Representa-
tives, he was discharged from them on a hearing
before the Senate, and was never indicted, never
arrested or proceeded against by the civil author-
ities of the country for the acts which he had
committed that led to his expulsion from the Sen-
ate. What he proposed-to do was, not to make
war upon the Government of the United States, or
to impeach its authority, or to interfere with the
administration of its laws, but it looked to and
hinted at some expedition under the auspices of
Great Britain for the seizure of the Spanish posses-
sions west of the Mississippi river; and it was for
that act—a contemplated aggression or raid upon
the possessions of a friendly Power, or a letter that
looked in that direction—that the Senate thought
proper to expel him. "When the articles of im-
peachment came before the Senate for consider-
ation, a plea in abatement was interposed setting
forth—he had already been expelled—that he was
not at the time of the trial a member of the Sen-
ate, and the further reason that he was not a civil
officer of the United States of Amcrica subjcct to
impeachment in the contemplation of the consti-
tutional provision upon that subject; and upon
elaborate argument and hearing of the case, the
Senate sustained the plea in abatement and dis-
missed the impeachment. They did not state the
grounds upon which they did it. They delivered
a general judgment upon the whole pica, indorsing,
I apprehend, all the reasons that were assigned m
support of it.
There is no difficulty, then, in my mind, upon
the question of power or precedent to authorize
our action in this ease; and the question, and the
only question, that I care to consider—fori desire
to confine myself very rigidly to the question made
by the resolution offered by the Senator from
Minnesota—is, whether the act imputed to the
Senator from Indiana, and admitted to have been
commuted, was so inconsistent with his public
trust and duty as a Senator as to wairant the Sen-
ate in the adoption of the resolution which is now
before ua. That is the only question I think there
is, and the only one I propose to consider.
Mr. President, the letter which the Senator from
Indiana wrote makes, I apprehend, a prima facie
case of disloyalty of sentiment toward the Gov-
ernment. It seems to have been so regarded by
his own personal and political friends; so much
so that they addressed him upon the subject, and
called upon him for explanations, or rather to
know whether he was really the author or not.
I do not think it is a forced construction of the
langunge of the letter to say that it makes a prima
facie case of disloyalty towards the Government
of the United States. Has that prima facie case
been overcome by any explanation that has been
given; any evidence that has been adduced; any
act that has been performed; or any declaration
that has been made by the Senator since the writing
of the letLer ? If it has, he ought not to be expelled.
If it has not, however painful the duty to us may
be, he should be expelled.
No question has ever been presented for my con-
sideration that I can now call to mind upon which
I have deliberated so long, so earetully, and so
earnestly, without an ability to form a conclusion
satisfactory to myself, as the question now before
us. I have kept my mmd purposely—and if I had
not done so purposely, I should have done so of
necessity—free from any opinion until all the evi-
dence had bem presented, and the case had been
fully argued by the members of the Judiciary
Committee on both sides, and until 1 had heard all
the defense that the Senator had to make for him-
self, and that his friends had to make for him.
Now, Mr. President, throughout the whole ©f
this discussion I have listened with the utmost
attention to hear from the Senator fiom Indiana
any declaration or expression or intimation of the
present state of his feelings, his present wishes,
Ins present desires in regard to the conflict that is
going on in this country. There has been no dis-
tinct declaration made by him from which I am
able to infer whether he now wishes the success
of our arms, the subjugation of the rebels, and the
restoration of the authority of this Government
over all its teiritory and all its people, or whether
he desires the triumph of treason and the perma-
nent dismemberment and overthrow of the Gov-
ernment. I say, sir, there has been no distinct
declaration by him from which any one is author-
ized to pronounce that he does desire the triumph
of ourarms rather than the triumph of the arms of
the rebels. If the Senator were to-day to take the
record he has made since this unhappy rebellion
broke out and go with it into the rebel camp, so
far as I know, it would give no evidence of word
or_ act that they could allege against him as an
evidence of an unfriendly disposition toward them
or their causc.
I advert to all that the Senator has said and all
that he has done in relation to the subject of this
rebellion since the writing of the letter, because I
conceive that to be legitimate evidence, and would
be if he were on trial upon an indictment for trea-
son. Every act that he has done, as the law would
say in pari materia, every word that he has uttered
relating to the subject since he wrote the letter,
would, by the strictest principles of criminal ju-
risprudence and criminal evidence, be admissible
in evidence against him for the purpose of show-
ing the animus of the principal act with which he
now stands charged. It is, therefore, proper that
we advert to what he has done and said since the
writing of the letter, to enable us to deduce correct
and just conclusions as to the purpose with which
it was written.
The only declaration made by the Senatorfrom
which any reasonable deduction can be drawn
upon the subject is his often repeated and em-
phatic assertion that he is opposed to all coercive
measures by this Government for the purpose of
putting down the rebellion. What is the deduc-
tion from that? I state, sir, the conclusion of my
own mind; and when I have stated that, I have
stated all that I propose to say. I state it in this
form: he who desires the success of the rebellion,
the permanent separation of the States, and the
recognition of the southern confederacy as an
independent government, is guilty of moral trea-
son against the United States. I think there can
be no doubt of the truth of that proposition. He
who is opposed to coercive measures for the sup-
pression of the rebellion docs desire the success
of the lebellion, the permanent separation of the
States, and the recognition of the southern con-
federacy. Every man is supposed to desire and
intend the natural result of his own act. There
are no means known under heaven by which those
results can be prevented, except by the use of the
physical power of the Government, and the resort
to coercive measures; and he,therefore, who is op-
i posed to coercive measures must desire the legit-
imate, logical results of his own principles and his
own acts. Then, sir, I state, (he Senator from
Indiana is opposed to fill coercive measures for
the suppression of the rebellion; he is, therefore,
favorable to the success of the rebellion, the per-
manent separation of the States, and the recogni-
tion of the southern confederacy, and is, there-
fore, guilty of moral treason against the United
States; and for that cause I think it would be our
duty to expel him.
Bat, Mr. President, when the sentiments are
treasonable, if they ripen into an overt act calcu-
lated to give them practical effect, this becomes
actual treason, subjcct to indictment and punish-
ment. The treasonable sentiments of the Senator
from Indiana did take on the form of an overt act;
and the conclusion in regard to that overt act may
be stated thus: when a body of men arc actually
assembled to effect by force a treasonable purpose,
all who knowingly perform any act, however mi-
nute, or however remote from the scene of action,
tending to give aid and comfort to the enemy, to
the traitors, or to effectuate the treasonable pur-
pose, arc to be considered as traitors in contem-
plation of law. On the 1st of Maieh, 1861, a body
of men were actually assembled to effect by force
the treasonable purposeof dismembering this Gov-
ernment. The Senator from Indiana did, with a
full knowledge of such purpose, perform an overt
act calculated to give aid and comfort to those so
assembled, and to further the accomplishment of
their treasonable purpose. The Senator from
Indiana is, therefore, m contemplation of law, a
traitor against the Government of the United
,j States. Painful as it may be to my feelings per-
■ j sonally, Mr. President, I feel constrained by that
j! higher duty that I owe to my country to vote,
lj when the question shall be put, for the expulsion
of the Senator.
