624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, this debate has
been so extended and so thorough as to leave little
to be said in support of the resolution under con-
sideration, which has not already been said, and
perhaps reiterated. Yet there are one or two con-
siderations which seem to me of some importance,
which thus far have not, I believe, been alluded
to, and to which I desire to call the attention of
the Senate.
On the 1st day of March last the Senator from
Indiana, addressed a letter to Jefferson Davis, of
the following tenor:
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Dear Sir: Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas. lie visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what lie regaids a great
improvement in firc-aims. I recommend ium to your fa-
vorable consideration as a gentleman of the first respecta-
bility, and reliable In every respect.
Very truly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
The writing of this letter is the act which is re-
lied on as proof that the Senator from Indiana was
so far in complicity with Davis and his associ-
ates as to render him unfit to continue a member
of the Senate of the United States. His previous
as well as his subsequent conduct has been very
properly referred to by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] as throwing light upon the
intention and feeling with which that letter was
written. 1 do not understand the Senator from
Kentucky that he would urge the expulsion of
Mr. Bright for any words which have been by
him spoken, or any vote by him given, in this
body, considered without reference to any other
act. On the contrary, ho disavows having assumed
any such position; but he does insist, and I think
corrcctly, that, in deciding upon the animus of the
letter in question, the conduct of the Senator, both
before and after its date,may he pioperly consid-
ered.
The letter written by the Senator from Indiana
bears on its face certain marks which, it would
seem, might relieve an unprejudiced, unbiased
mind of any doubt with regard to its meaning,
and the intent with which it was wiittcn. The
first idea that strikes the mind, in its perusal, is
that the writer is a cordial friend of Mr. Davis,
and of the cause in which he is engaged. It pio-
poses to aid him in procuring that most necessary
means of sustaining the pretended confederacy,
namely, fire-arms. If it lind been written to the
leader of a foreign army invading our country, no
doubt could, for a moment, exist of its treasona-
ble character. It would have been conclusive proof
of treason, as defined by the Constitution; though,
as the Constitution requires the testimony of two
witnesses, or confession m open court, it might not
be sufficient for conviction in a court of justice:
u Treason against the United States filiall consist only m
le\ ying war agam^t them, oi in adlict inir to then enemie>,
giving them aid and commit."—Constitution oj the United
blaie)i, uruulc section 3.
That affording to a public enemy facilities for
purchasing fire-arms is giving aid and comfort
cannot for a moment be doubted. Yet the Sen-
ator from New York says that war did not exist
at the date of the letter, and that therefore the act
of the Senator from Indiana was not treason. Lie
further says, and the Senator from Pennsylvania
concurs with him, that it was treason or nothing.
In this opinion I cannot concur. The writing
*nd delivering the letter in question, if not treason,
was a high crime, considering the circumstances
ander which it was written and the position of the
writer, as well as of the person to whom it was
addressed. Admit, if you please, that actual war
slid not exist, and that the Senator from Indiana
supposed that the southern confederacy would be
peacefully inaugurated, and calmly and tamely
tolerated by the Governmcntof the United States.
Viewed m that light the Senator had still a duty
to perform—a duty which he owed to his State
and his country with regard to this protended and
usurping southern confederation. That it was to
be peaceably permitted and tolerated does not at
all change the solemn duty of that Senator, and
of every other Senator on this floor, with regaid
to it. The question of war or peace, however de-
cided, did not affect th e guilt of those concerned
in the attempt to overthrow the Government. The
Constitution of the United States provides (arti-
cle 1, section 10) that—
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confed-
eration.
And again, in the same section, that—
" No State shall enter into any agreement, or compact,
with any other State, or with a foreign Power, or engage m
war," &c.
Now, sir, what do we find at the date of the
letter in question? Jefferson Davis, still nomin-
ally a member of this body, had united with a
band of conspiiators, in violation of the Constitu-
tion, to form a confederation; and had also entered
into an agreement and compact with other States,
without the consentof Congress. He furthermore
claimed to have been elected the president of this
confederation, thus established in violation of the
Constitution. This the Senator from Indiana well
knew. No man, I think, knew better than he all
the designs and proceedings of Davis and his as-
sociates. With this full knowledge he deliber-
ately addresses him a letter, in which he styles
him president of the confederate States. Shall we
be told that this was not a recognition, a full, com-
plete, perfect acknowledgment of that confeder-
ation ? The Senator fiom New York says it was
a formality, a mere matter of taste. I do not so
consider it. I understand the Senator from Indi-
ana, by the mode of address which he has chosen
to adopt, to acknowledge, in express terms, that
there was such a political power in existence as
the confederate States, and that Jefferson Davis
rightfully held the office of president of that con-
federacy. So I think Jefferson Davis himself must
have understood it.
This question of the proper mode of addressing
public officers has often been raised. It has never
been considered a matter of form. When the com-
manding officer of the British forces addressed
our Commander-in-Chief as George Washington,
neither the writer of the letter nor the illustrious
person thus addressed considered the mode of ad-
diess a matter of form—a mere question of taste.
For the avowed leason that by giving Genera!
Washington the title he claimed his light to the
title would be acknowledged, the British com-
mander, acting under the direction of hw Govern-
ment, refused to concede it. On the other hand,
for the avowed reason that to receive a letter ad-
dressed to him simply as George Washington
would be to abandon Ins claim to the office which
he held by the commission of the Continental Con-
gress, General Washington refused even to receive
or entertain the communication of the British com-
mander. The mode of address was consideied of
impoitance by both the distinguished parties to
the transaction in question, and the reason is ob-
vious. Now, sir, I have no doubt that Jefferson
Davis was punctilious as to the manner in which
he was addressed. He claimed to be president
defaclo and dejure of the confederate States. Sen-
ator Bright on the 1st of March last recognized
him as such. When I couple that fact with his
avowed opposition—now, then, and at all times—
to what, he calls the entire doctrine of coercion, I
.mi compelled to believe him a fiiend of the rebel-
lion. If so, he cannot, consistently with the public
safety, continue to occupy a seat m this body, nor
can I, consistently with my duty, consent that he
should do so.
A modern English writer has said that " a man
is more completely judged by his desires than by
his acts. The objects he has m view are more
characteristic than any success in the attainment
of them." If the Senator were on trial for his life
under a charge of treason, his acts, not his desires,
would be the test of his guilt or innocence. Not
so in a case like the present. When the Senator
from New York argues that the offense charged
is treason or nothing, he fails, I think, to make
the true distinction. What I desire to know is
whether the Senator from Indiana is at heart true
and loyal to the Constitution and the Union? It
is not necessary to show that he has consummated
an act of treason. Expulsion irom the Senate
would not be his only punishment if such were
the fact. Does he desire thesuceessof the attempt
of Jefferson Davis and his associates to destroy
the Government of the United States, and build
up another upon its nuns ? If on the 1st of March
-last that-was his desire, has he said or has he
done anythina:since that day to show that he now
cherishesadilFeientdesire? In that point of view
it is important to consider—as the Senator from
Kentucky has done—his subsequentcourse in this
body and elsewhere.
The Senator from Delaware has compared the
course of the Senator from Indiana with that of
the heroic and lamented Senator from Oregon,
(Mr. Baker,) who, he says, made a speech the
last session of Congress in favor of peace.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator will allow
me, I made no reference at all to the Senator from
Oregon. The Senator has mistaken the person.
It must have been some other Senator.
Mr. DIXON. I maybe mistaken in regard to
that; but some Senator on this floor has alluded
to the course of the Senator from Oregon as be-
ing somewhat analogous to the former course of
the Senator from Indiana, and has stated that he
was as strongly for compromise and peace last
spring as the Senator from Indiana. It is true,
that on the 3d of March last General Baker de-
clared here, that to avert civil war he would yield
somewhat of his own peculiar party views with
regard to slavery. He was for the Union. He was
for peace—but what peace? Was he for peace
based on the acknowledgment of the southern con-
federacy and recognition of Jefferson Davis as its
head* Let him who would believe that of the de-
parted hero listen to the echoes of that last great
speech of his, delivered in this Hall on the 1st day
of August, 1861, the last words which he uttered
as a Senator:
'•'For me, amid temporary defeat, disaster, disgrace, it
seems that my duty calls me to utter another word, and that
word is, bold, sudden, loi ward, determined war, aecotding
to tire laws of war, by armies hy military commanders,
clothed with full power, advancing with all the past glories
of tile Republic uiglng them on to conquest.
"I do not stop to consider whether it is subjugation or
not. It is compulsory obedience, not to my will; not to
yours, sir; not to the will of any one man ; not to the will
of any one State; but compuboiy obedience to the Con-
stitution of the whole counirv. The Senator chose the
other da}, again and again, to animadvert on a single ex-
piession'm a lutle speech which I delivered belore the
Senate, in winch I took occasion to nay that if the people
of the lebelhous States would not govern themselves as
States, thej ought to be governed as Territories. The Sen-
iUoi knew full well then, foi I explained ittwice—he knows
tull well now—that on this ^ule of the Chamber; nav, in
tins whole Chamber; nay, u\ thr* whole North and West;
nav, in all the loyal States, in all then breadth, there is not
a man among u.s all who diearns of causing any man in the
South to submit to any rule, either as to life, liberty, or
piopcity, that we omselves do not willingly agree to yield
to. Did he ever think of that? Subjugation for what'
When we subjugate South Carolina,, what shall we do?
We shall compel its obedience to the Constitution of the
United States ; that i^ all. Why play upon woids ? Wedo
not mean—we have never paid—anymore. If it be slavciy
that men should obey the Constitution their fathers fought
for, let it be so. If it be freedom, it is freedom equally lor
them and tor us. We propo-e to subjugate rebellion into
lojaltj ; we piopo^e to subjugate insurrection into peace;
we propose to subjugate confedeiate anaichy into constitu-
tional Union liberty."
From that noble and patriotic utterance the
Senator went forth from this Chamber to the field
of battle, whence he returned no more. His words
and his actions proved what were his desires. The
love of the Union was with him a passion and a
religion. To preserve it, he was willing to sac-
rifice even cherished opinions, place, power, and
life itself. Shall his glorious example be now
quoted in support of the conduct of the Senator
fiom Indiana,?
Driven, then, as we are to the conclusion that,
on the lstof March last, Mr. Bright, of Indiana,
was a friend and well-wisher to the so-called south-
ern confederacy, that he recognized it as an exist-
ing power having a chief executive magistrate and
a capital, and that he, acting at that time as a Sen-
ator of the United States, manifested his iriend-
slflp and his sympathy for the atrocious cause of
the traitor whom he addiessed, by aiding him to
procure fire-arms of an improved character, where-
with the moic successfully to establish his usurped
power on the ruins of the Government of which
we are members, how can wc, acting under our
solemn oath to support the Constitution, refuse
to vote for this resolution of expulsion?
Of course, the duty we have now to perform is
a painful one, but it is none the less a duty. There
are imposed upon us—and not upon us only—at
this time many painful duties. The Aimy of the
United States, now, it is said, numbering in its
ranks not less than six hundred thousand men;
every one of them a patriot; everyone of them (if
of proper age) 'a voter; every one of them an in-
telligent and thinking observer of your action, as
recorded in the public prints; every one of them
sacrificing the pursuits of business and the dear
delights of sacred home, and risking life itself for
the sake of the Union and the Constitution; this
great Army, the noblest that ever yet was mar-
shaled on earth, has also a painful duty to perform.
