126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28.,
3?OT Cong. ... 2d Sess. Management of Navy Department—Mr. Sedgwick.
Ho. of Reps.
for which they have been purchased. But never
one of those vessels purchased by Mr. Morgan
has failed to perform all that was expected ot it
at the time of purchase. Both Captain Woodhull
and Flag-Officer Du Pont, andothers, have spoken
in terms of high praise of the efficiency of the
vessels so purchased.
But this transaction is attacked on the ground
that extravagant and extraordinary commissions
have been paid by the Government. The whole
statement of the matter has been made to the House
and to the Senate, that there was no agreement
upon the part of the Government in regard to the
payment of any commissions whatever. The
Government had no right to agree to pay Mr.
Morgan a salary, or to pay commissions. They
left that to the regulation of the agent himself,
prescribing only that his commissions should not
exceed a certain rate. Ho was left to make his
arrangements with the sellers in accordance with
the custom in the city of New York, where these
vessels were purchased. It is the rule of the
Cham ber of Commerce of that city, controlling, as
it does, most of the commercial transactions there,
that where there is no agreement between the par-
ties, a commission of two and one half per cent,
shall be allowed by the seller npon the sale of ves-
sels. That commission, by the universal custom
of merchants of that city, is always paid by the
seller to theagentorbroker who negotiates the sale.
It is true that in particular cases this custom
may bo varied, it may be more in some instances,
and in others it may be Jess. Thai is a matter ol
agreement between the parties; but in no case un-
der this arrangement of the Navy Department has
this commission of two and a halt per emit, been
exceeded, and it lias been reduced in some cases
to one and a quarter per cent., in others to one
per cent., and in others altogether given up and
■ abandoned by the agent.
But it is said that although the Government does
not directly pay this commission, yet indirectly
it does come out of the public Treasury. Upon
that subject the committee have taken a little test-
imony, to which I shall beg leave to call the at-
tention of the House. In the discharge of their
duties they called upon some of the sellers of these
vessels, and I refer now to the testimony of Mr-
Henry B. Cromwell, who sold to Mv, Morgan,
for the Department, the vessels originally char-
tered by Commodore Breese. In speaking of that
transaction lie was asked what Mr. Morgan did,
and the answer was:
" Ho bent u« down ia tin; priec, ami got them as low as
lie could. We sold the ve^eN at a great ledueiinn. We
{.old ti o three I'or #:M5,000, when tin; puce stated ni Uiti
charter-purty was .$<1U0,0UU. Morgan ih an exceedingly
shrewd, :-hnrp fellow. lie induced us to take a vei y hnye
discount oil'. We might to have had the price named in the
charier-party, hut he saw that we had no business for the
YC.-sK'ltf and wanted to sell them ; and hence he induced u*
to take that low prieu for them.
u Qumtion. VVtiat is the practiee in relation to the pay-
went Of commissions on the purchase and sale of vessels?
Aiiwcr, Weil* we are charging the stockholders of our
coinpanyftve per cent.for selling these ships to the Govern-
ment."
In regard to the charter he says:
"They had been in the Government employ four months
and a half, (n "selling we not only reduced tin; pi lee $55,000,
but relinquished oil the charter money nftei thiec months.
We reiiiKjuMicd about eighty thousand dollars on those
three j-hip<.
u Qucdton, State the amount of money you have paid
Mr. Morgan as coiumN-nons ?
"Jinswer* We have paid him only 430; that is, one
per cent* upon that .sale.
11 Qimtion. What did he do for that $''l,4r>0 ?
"JJiwcer. Wc had many conferences together, and he
heatdown all he could, mid made representations that
ho wuuld reimnthe Ships upon our hand*. By making Mich
representations he induced the stockholder to sell the
vcsj-elft."
Then another member of the committee took
him up: and for the purpose of showing that Mr.
Morgan's commission was in fact paid by the
Government, ho inquires:
" Do you consider that you paid him for beating you
down ?
.i/mrer. I suppose that was what the Government em-
ployed him for.
" Question But you were to pay him ?
"imitw, I think the Government ought to have paid
him; but he said that one per cent, was to be paid by us.
As he said that we weie to pay him one percent., 1 did not
take the trouble to look at the law.
" Quesfion. Did ho toil yon before he made the purchase
that you must pay one per cent. ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Bo you had fair notice that you must put that
upon your priec, if you chose; that is, that m the puce
von fixed upon the vessel you must take into consideration
the tact that one per cent, was to come out of it ?
«j3 &u>er. 1 do not suppose we should have sold them
for any less if wo had not had to pay that one per cent.
" Question. Did you not take that one per cent, into con-
sideration in determining your piice for the vessels?
"Jlnswer. No, sir; I do not think we did, but with clof-e
calculators that would have been the natural consequence.
1 cannot say that I thought of it. It being a small commis-
sion, 1 thought it a matter of no consequence,"
That is the evidence of this witness under the
examination of two members of the committee.
Another member then asked what he would have
done with the vessels if he had not sold them to
the Government. He replies:
" That was the question, anil for that reason we sold
them at a much lower price than we built them for. \\ c
had thiiteen steamers when the war broke out, and wo sold
five of them The Mouticello is one of the most efhoient
steamers the Navy Depaitment ever had."
Another witness, (Mitchell,) on page 298 of this
report, is asked about the practice as to the pay-
ment of brokerage upon the sale of vessels. He
replies:
" That depends upon circumstances. If you employ a
person to sell a vessel tor you, you pay brokerage; hut I
never paid hrokeiage to a per&on employed by anybody else.
I was assuied by Mr. Morgan that the Government paid him
nothing. .
" Question. How much, in gross, did you pay mm?
" Answer. It must have been over $11,000.
" Question. Before the tuade was made, you weieadvised
as to the eonimif-bions ?
"Answer. Yes, sir, he mentioned it to me."
Now, mark the loading, artful questions which
this committee put to witnesses for the purpose
of inducing them to say that it was the Govern-
ment that paid the commission:
'• Question. So that von litul an opportunity to put that
pi:rf'unm<ie upon join price ?
" v'JnMfcr. Yes, t ti ; but I did not think of that,fori w.i-'
anxious that the Government should have the ve^-el-, an:l
1 would almost have given the vessels to the Government
while the poits at the Bouth needed blockading. We had
no difficulty about the price. It seemed a pity that the\
should lay at the dock when they weie so much needed."
The witness is examined in order to show that
the Government agent had enhanced the price
and paid large prices for the purpose of getting
larger commissions, and what does he say in re-
gard to that? The same kind of leading and sug-
gestive question is put to him:
'• Question. The effect of that was, that the mot e jou got
for the vessels the more Mr. Morgan got by way of com-
missions ?
" ./Insurer. That would seem to be the case; butMr. Mor-
gan seemed to woik for ihe Government haidci than j
thought he would have woiked Jor himself. Moigan was
not liberal in hi-- puces, but r.iihei the contiaiy.
*' Question, l'aitie?. owning vessel* were anxious to sell
them ?
^Jlnsiver. No doubt they were ; hut we thought we ought
to have got. more money tor thein than we did. The Au-
gusta cost us .'j'lTUjOOO, and we sold her Jor less than
fj'100,000 Of course age had depreciated hei value some-
what. She had been running five or six years, but she was
always kept in good condition, and recently new boilers
had been put into her."
There is nothing to contradict the purport of
this testimony. It proves conclusively that in
fact, in practice, the commissions were not added
to the price or value, and were not therefore indi-
rectly paid by the Government.
The Senate committee say in their report that
the value of the vessels, or rather that the price of
vessels, is fixed by cost to the time of sale, includ-
ing taxes, insurance, transportation, &e. I went
through a coui.se of education once which brought
me to i he study of political economy, not as a mat-
ter of practice but as a matter of theory, and 1
learned there, if my memory serves me, that value
or price depends upon supply and demand; that
when vessels are not wanted by their owners for
commerce, but are idle or earning nothing, the
owners are glad to part with them without regard
to cost and without regard to taxes or commis-
sions. They get what the state of the market or
the relation of supply and demand will bring them.
If the maikct is overstocked with the kind of ves-
sels, and commerce is destroyed, and there is no
use for them, the owners arc willing to get rid of
them for any other service, not calculating cost
and taxes, but gelling the best prices they can,
governed by supply and demand. The value in
the market is the limit of price; it may be more
and. it may be less than cost. I do not believe,
when real estate is put in market, that the seller
adds to the cost of the purchase the expense of
the improvements, the trees he has set out, and
with all the charges for drawing the deeds and the
examination by counsel of the titles, but he sells
according to the price in the market, according to
the laws of demand and supply.
But it was said that it was the interest of the
agent to get the largest price in order to enhance
his commissions. 1 agree that it was the interest
of the agent to accord the largest prices. Now,
if the facts show that the agent, instead of agree-
ing to pay the largest price, screwed the seller
down to the smallest, as these and all the witnesses
testify, does it not show that this agent was an
honest man, and disregarded his own interest in
order to do the best for the interest of his em-
ployers? Does not that show the integrity and
honesty of this agent ? What do the committee
say, after a careful examination of all of the facts
in this case? They say, on page 34:
" It is not believed that Mr. Morgan ever yielded to this
temptation to which the vicious principles regulating his
compensation exposed him."
They accord to him integrity in the manage-
ment of this business; and I believe there is no
member of that committee, certainly there is not
so far as I have heard them speak, who is not
open m the expression of that opinion. They do
not charge dishonesty against him in their report.
They do the Secretary of the Navy, also, the sim-
ple justice to stand here and say that there is not
any want of integrity, that there has not been the
least appearance of dishonest purpose on his part
in the transaction ofthis business. If there is any-
thing in the evidence before that committee to
show any dishonesty on the part of the Secretary
of the Navy, I ask that it may be presented and
pointed out. I do not call upon the committee in
their absence, but I say in the presence of the
members of the committee, that it dues not appear,
and no man will have the courage to say that there
is anything in this transaction to convict the Sec-
retary of the Navy of any dishonesty or want of
integrity in intent or in practice.
Let us look at the matter to see how great was
the interest of the agent to enhance the prices.
The aggregate of vessels purchased by him, ac- i
coiding to a document before us, amounts to
nearly three and a half millions of dollars. The
piices asked and the prices paid are set out, and
it appears that in the aggregate these vessels were
purchased between nine hundred thousand and
one million dollars less than the pricc asked. If
this agent had acceded to the terms of the owners
of the vessels, paying regard to his interest more
than to Ins honor and integrity, he would have
put $20,000 of commissions into his pocket. Yet
the committee confess he resisted all temptation,
and purchased these vessels at a saving of over
nine hundred thousand dollars to the Government
of the United States, and at a loss of twenty thou-
sand dollars and upwards of commissions to him-
self.
But it is said that this business might have been
transacted for nothing, that we need not have en-
abled this agent to receive this large amount of
commissions. Let us look at this matter. This
whole transaction for the purchase of these ves-
sels was without the authority or sanction of law.
The Secretary of the Navy had 110 more light to
buy these vessels from the merchant service, and
to putthem into the Navy, than I had as the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs. It was
the law of necessity. It was the same law of ne-
cessity that put our troops into the field and aimed
our citizens m advance of the acts of Congress.
It was the law of self-preservation, and the Sec-
retary of the Navy acted with promptness and
fidelity to the public interests. He did the best
he could under the circumstances, and we have
sanctioned all that he has done by acts which we
have passed subsequently. In the beginning he
employed naval officers to purchase these vessels.
Why did he stop? I desire to call the attention
of the committee, because I believe their purposes
are honest and that they do not desire to impose
upon the House, to this fact. In speaking of this
transaction and the employment of commercial
agents, they go on to speak of the pur'chase of the
Roman and Badger, as if it was chargeable to this
system of employing commercial agents, whereas
in fact the purchase was made through an expe-
rienced naval officer.
