1862.
THE CONGRESSIOKAX GLOBE.
derstand the gentleman to be out of order at this
time.
Mr. DUNN. I was just on the $200 question
at that moment. This amendment is not in itself
important, but it is proper. And why should it
not be made? Because, as I have said, there is a
determination manifested that no amendment shall
be made. There are other amendments I would
like to offer, but in the present temper of the com-
mittee, what consideration would they receive, no
matter how proper? I had expected to offer an
amendment providing for gradual emancipation,
but this haste does not afford time to prepare it
or encouragement to present it. I prefer gradual
emancipation to immediate. The ties that have
so long bound masters and slaves together should
not be rudely sundered. The good of the slave,
to say nothing of the interests of the master, in
my humble judgment require preparation for his
enjoyment of liberty. Nevertheless, I am for the
removal of slavery from the capital of the nation;
and if I cannot accomplish that result in the form
that suits me best, I shall vote for it in the best
form presented. But, sir, I arose mainly for the
purpose of protesting against the purpose indi-
cated by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] to put this bill through in hot haste.
Mr. VVASHBURNE. I am opposed to the
amendment of my friend from Indiana.
Mr.. DUNN. I cull for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dunn and
Fessenden were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-three, ifoes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend in the third
line of the sixth section by striking out "§2,000,"
and inserting in lieu of it " $1,000." The effect
of my amendment is to fix the salary of these com-
missioners at $1,000 instead of at $2,000. The
committee will notice that this is not a per annum
allowance, for the preceding section provides that
the report shall be made within nine months, and
it is manifest, from other provisions of the bill,
that it will be earned into effect in a less term than
nine months. So that, as the bill now stands, we
would really be paying some three thousand per
annum to each one of these commissioners. It
seems to me that $1,000 for such services as are
required here would be fair compensation.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman; but have no de-
sire to take up the time of the committee by dis-
cussing it. The bill is not as it was agreed upon
by the sub-committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mustcon-
fine himself to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, and do not wish to make any remarks upon
it, but merely to express the hope that when the
bill comes into the House, we will have a vote by
yeas and nays upon my amendment.
Mr. COX. Would it be m order to offer a sub-
stilute for the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
may offer an amendment to the substitute.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not design to offer
any argument m support of my amendment. It
is understood by the committee. I have no idea
that it will be adopted: but I ask that when it
comes into the House, I may have the yeas and
nays upon it. It is the bill reported by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Wright,] pro-
posing gradual emancipation . It is a bill for which
I suppose many would vote who would not vote
for the bill in its present shape. I would vote for
it myself.
Mr. COX. I did not know what the substitute
of the gentleman fiom Kentucky was, and 1 de-
sired to offer an amendment to it. I now find that
his substitute is precisely the same as that which I
intended to offer.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I now offer my amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That no person not now within the DNtuct of Columbia,
nor now owned by any person or persons now opulent
witlnn it, nor heie,liter born within it, shall ever be held in
shivery within said District.
sko. 9. And he it further cnactcd, That no poison now
within said District, or now owned by any person or per-
sons now resident within the «amo, or hereafter born within
it, shall ever be held in slavery without the limits of said
District: Provided, That officeis of the Government of the
United States, being citizens of the slaveholding States,
coming into said District on public business, and remaining
only so long as may be reasonably necessary for that object,
may be attended into and out of &aid District, and while
there, by the necessary servants of themselves and their
families, without their right to hold such servants in service
being theieby impaired.
See. 3. And be it further enacted, That all children born
of slave mothers within said District on or after the Istday
of . in the year of our Lord 1862,shall befree,butshall
be reasonably supported and educated by the respective
owner* oftheir mothers, or by their heirs or representatives,
and shall serve reasonable service as apprentices to such
owners, heiis, and repiesentauves, until they respectively
arrive at the age of twenty-one yeat , when they shall be
entirely free; and the municipal authorities of Washington
and Georgetown, within their respective jurisdictional
limits, aichcieby empowered and required to make all suit-
able and necessary provisions lor enforcing obedience 10
tins section on the part of both masters and apprentices.
See. 4. And be \t further enacted, That all persons now
within the said Di&tnU lawfully held as slaves, or now
owned by any pei«on or persons now resident within «aid
Disuiet, shall lemain such at the will of their respective
owners, their heirs and legal representatives: Provided,
That any such owner, or his legal representative?, may at
any time receive fiom the Treasury of the United States the
full value of Ins or her slave of the class in this section
mentioned ; upon which such slave shall be foithwith and
forever fiee: And provided further, That the President of
the United States, the Secietary of State, and the Secie-
tary of the Treasuiy, shall be a board for determining the
value of such slaves as their owners may desire to emanci-
pate under this section, and whose duty it shall be to hold
a session for the purpose on the first Monday of each calen-
dat month ; to receive all applications, and, on satisfactory
evidence in each ease that the person presented for valu-
ation is a slave, and of the class in this section mentioned,
and is owned by the applicant, shall value such slave at his
or her full cash value, and give to the applicant an ordei on
the Tieasnry fot the amount, and also to such slave a cer-
tificate of freedom.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the municipal
authotmes of Washington and Geoigetown, within their
respective jtnisdieiional limits, ate heteby empowered and
required to ptovide aclivc and efficient means to arre-t and
deliver up to their owneis all fugitive slaves escaping into
said District
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the election offi-
cers within said Disuictof Columbia are heieby empowered
ami rcqnuod to open polls at all the usual places of holding
elections on the first Monday of April next, and ipceive
the vote of every fiee white male citizen above the age of
twenty-one \ears, having resided within said District for
the peiiod of one ycai or more next preceding the time of
such voting for or against this act. to pioceed tn taking said
votes in all i expects not herein speqfied, as at elections
undei the municipal laws, and with as little delay as pos-
sible to transmit correct statements of the votes &o cast to
the President of the I ?nited States; and it shall be the duty
ot the Piesulcnt to canvass said votes immediately, and if
a majority of them be found to be for this act, to forthwith
jssue his pioclamation giving notice of the fact; and this
act ^hall only be in full force and effect on and aftet the day
ol such proclamation.
Sec-7. Andheit further enactcd, That Involuntary servi-
tude for the punishment of crime whereof the parly shall
have been duly convicted shall in nowise be prohibited by
this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That for all the pur-
poses of this act, the jurisdictional limits of Washington
are extended to all parts of the District of Columbia"not
now included within the limits of Georgetown.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to amend the substi-
tute by stuking out the fifth section, as follows:
Sec: o. Awl he it further enacted, That the municipal
authonticv of Washington and Georgetown, within their
respective jurisdictional limits, are hereby empovveied and
requned to piovide active and efficient means to airest and
delivct up to their owners all fugitive slaves escaping into
said Distnct.
The section is manifestly mere surplusage. It
imposes on the corporate authorities of Washing- ,
ton and Georgetown duties not imposed on other j
cities of the United States. I offer my amend- ;
ment, however, mainly for the purpose of ena- 1
bling me to make a single remark. It is certainly
very desirable for many reasons that slavery
should cease to exist at the national capital, when
such a lesult can be properly effected. I think
that my own constituents would be in favor of the
gradual extinction of slavery in the District of
Columbia, on terms consistent with the rights of
citizens as recognized by the Constitution and a
just economy; but I doubt whether there would
be any considerable number of my constituents,
under present circumstances, in favor of the pas- :
sage of the original bill. The debate to-day dis- ;
closes many forcible arguments against any action j
at this time. I should vote for the substitute very i
cheeifully, as between that and the original bill, j
If it can be done without increasing the national I
debt, and with the consent of the people of the j
District, I know of no reason why slavery should j
not be gradually abolished here. In myjudg- ;
ment, it would be a most desirable result. But I !
cannot vote for the original bill as it came from I
the Senate. The energies 'and resources of the
nation should be devoted to the emergency of the
hour.
Mr. COX. I oppose the motion to strike out
the fifth section, because, if the bill is to-padb in
any shape at all, I should like tojsee thi£ stlhsti- -
tute passed in its entirety; but I do hotbelievein
passing any bill on this subject at the present time.
1 believe that our whole duty at this Congress"
would be summed up in two things—to increase *
the strength of our Army, and by it put down the
rebellion, and, if possible, increase our revenue
for that purpose in a fair and just way. I believe
that the time may come, perhaps, when we will
have to reconstruct our ideas on the subject of
slavery. But now is not the time to throw this
firebrand among the people, while our Army is
in the field. The scene that was pictured by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] a while ago,
as to the indecency, the haste, the merriment of
the present Congress.in passing this bijl, fraught,
as it is, with so many consequences to the integ-
rity of the Union itself, does not speak well for
character of our national Legislature.
I am opposed, sir, to any bill of this nature, for
the simple reason that my constituents will not
allow me to vote money to pay for making black
communities in the North. Whether the national
capital may be called the paradise of free negroes
or not, they do not want to pay for that curse.
This has become a question of self-protection to
them against those free blacks who are pouring
in over the North since this crusade began. We
have had intimations from the other branch of the
national Legislature, and intimations here that
this measure is but the entering wedge of a sys-
tem which will bring about a permanent dissolu-
tion ofthis Confederacy, never to be reconstructed.
This will bring about not only a disarrangement
of the plans of the Army, but will break down
the spirit of the Army. It will turn the Army
against those gentlemen here m power. I appeal
fiom all such legislation as this. In the language
of the gentleman fiom Indiana, 1 appeal to another
tribunal to settle this matter with these gentlemen,
when they dare to go before the people with these
ideas and with these acts.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
the amendment is to perfect the substitute. Is it
in order to amend the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the ori-
ginal text of the substitute is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose, as a.pro
forma amendment, to strike out the last line. I
wish to say a word on this subject. I am opposed
to any bill abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia. I am opposed to it for many reasons.
Had I no other one, I am opposed to it because I
legard all this class of legislation as tending to
prevent a restoration of the Union of these States
as it was, and that is the grand object to which I
look. I know well that in a very little while the
question will be between the old Union of these
States—the Union as our fathers made it—and
some new one, or some new unity of Government,
or eternal separation—disunion. To both these
latter I am unalterably and unconditionally op-
posed. It is to the restoration of the Union, as it
was made in 1789, and continued for over seventy
years, that I am bound to the last hour of my po-
litical and personal existence, if it be within the
limits of possibility to restore and maintain that
Union.
On this subject further! When, for years past,
in common with other members of the Democratic
party, I have charged that it was the purpose of
the Republican paity to interfere with slavery
in the District of Columbia, it was denounced—
in the classical phrase of the day—as a Loco Foco
lie, a slander, and the author of the charge was
declared a liheler. Now, sir, there were not ten
men in the Thirty-Sixth Congress of the United
States who would have recorded their votes in
favor of the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia. There are many on that side of the
House who believe and know that assertion to be
true. And yet behold, to-day, what is before the
Congress of the United States? In the language
of the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky,
" availing themselves of the troubles of the times"
we have this bill brought forward as the begin-
ning of a grand scheme of emancipation, and there
is no calculation where that scheme is to end.
For this reason, Mr. Chairman,! have paid no
