128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
31th CoNe....2r> Sess.
Management of Navy Department—Mr. Sedgwick.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr SEDGWICK. I know the honorable gen-
tleman from New York, who assailed the Secre-
tary of War and tlie Secretary of the Navy, has
nowgone to gather honors and laurels in the field,
where I hope he will receive no less honorable
scars than he received in the performance of his
duties in and around the Capitol. He is a gallant
soldier, I have no doubt. He has been tried and
not found wanting. [Laughter.]
But I was speaking of the journal of the com-
mittee, which shows thatduiingall the time when
this matter was being investigated before his com-
mittee, lie, who was put forward to assail the Sec-
retary of the Navy, was never present at any of
its meetings. I do not go out of my way to speak
of this, for 1 speak of what appears in evidence
before us, as shown by the records and journal
of the committee itself. I speak not at all of the
pvesent chairman, [Mr. Washburne,] because he
has been faithful and attentive to the duties of the
committee.
But let ub examine this matter of routine and
red tape a little further; for I claim not only that
the duties of this Department have been honestly
administered, but that they have been economic-
ally administered, and that the Department has
distinguished itself by saving for tlie Government
in all matters with which it has had to do. I spoke
of the bliilding of gunboats—a matter which has
been inquired into, as I see by the report of this
committee. Tlie Department attempted to build
those boats, authorized by Congress at its last
session, by the old system of advertising for pro-
posals for contracts. What was the result ? They
got tlie proposals, and the Department might have
received them and acted upon them and contracted
for the boats, for the hulls and boilers, and every-
thing connected with them, and they might'have
laid out the money of the Government extrava-
1 gantly and unnecessarily, and no man would have
stood up and assailed them forwantof economy,
because they did it according to the custom of the
Department, and complied with all the ceremo-
nials which routine and rod tape required. What
did they do? They rejected all the proposals that
they received, and made private contracts, with
the same parties to a great extent, and the result
was. that, they saved under those contracts, from
the lowest bids that were offered to tlie. Depart-
ment, the aggregate sum of $464,000; and that
sum they saved by rejecting this routine and red
tape and giving out the work us a man would in
his own affairs, so aw to get all he could for the
money vvInch lie proposed to spend. And so suc-
cessfully were the interests of the Department and
of the Government eared for in the making of
those contracts, that this House has already during
its present session passed a resolution, in which
the Senate concurred, for the purpose of relieving
these very contractors from the hard bargains, as
it turned out, which the Derailment made with
them for the building of these vessels and the en-
gines. This House conceded that they were justly
entitled to consideration and relief, because they
liad made contracts that were a good deal more
advantageous to the Government than for the con-
tractors.
Now, in the case of the Mercedita, which was
cited by a gentleman who addressed the House
upon this subject, tlio sellers of the vessel com-
plained, as he said, of unfair treatment by the
Government. 1 have not time to make a state-
ment of the case at present.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Did the resolution
to which the gentleman has referred apply to the
contractors for the gunboats built at the West as
well as to those built upon the seaboard ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I think it did not. It was
for the relief of certain contractors for engines ill
the cities of New Yoik and Boston and Philadel-
phia. Whether it extended in terms to those a£
the West,I will not say positively, butl thinknot.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Is it not the fact
that they have reduced the prices agreed upon in
fhe contracts made in the West, and passed a
resolution m favor of the eastern contractors?
Mr. SEDGWICK. That 1 am not informed
about. I have procured a statement in reference
to the case of the Mercedita, which shows that
the owners of the greater part of the vessel never
have made any complaints of their treatment by
the Government; but that persons interested to a
small extent in the purchase have complained,
and upon what ground, and for "what reasons, 1
will leave their correspondence with the Depart-
ment to speak for itself.
Now, sir, I have spoken with regard to the
economy with which the Navy Department has
been administered. For all supplies for the De-
partment contracts have been made in which the
Government has not suffered; and within the last
two weeks this House has been called upon to
relieve honest contractors with the Navy Depart-
ment who had agreed to furnish supplies for that
Department at a price and upon terms which it
turns out, on account of the war and the extraor-
dinary demands for those supplies, would be en-
tirely ruinous to the contractors, although they
were disposed honestly to fulfill their engage-
ments. And this House has been called upon to
relieve them, arid they passed a resolution for their
relief undeistandingly.
Again: this Department has been assailed—I
speak not now of the committee, but it has been
assailed outside of the committee by newspapers
—and I desire here to say that the Department has
been assailed by newspapers whose agents and
correspondents at the seat of Government have
sought for contracts with the Navy Department
in vain, which possibly may account for the con-
duct of their journals at home.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEDGWICK, I ask the indulgence of the
House to conclude my remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say somethingupon
this subject, but 1 think it right that the gentleman
should be permitted to conclude his remarks.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
gentleman from New York continuing his re-
marks?
There was no objection.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to say a few words
upon theextraordinary circumstances under which
this Department of the Government found itselfat
the breaking out of hostilities at the commence-
mcntof this Administration. In the home squad-
ron on the 4th of March, 1861, there were twelve
vessels in all fit for service. One was in the port
of Washington, the Pawnee, a vessel of eight
guns; three were in the port of New York, carry-
ing in all seventeen guns; eight vessels of the
squadron weie in southern and Gulf ports, mount-
ing a hundred and sixty-two guns. The House
will perceive that, at the commencement of this
war, we had virtually under our control, appli-
cable to the purpose of putting down this rebel-
lion, no armed vessels Gxeept those twelve iu the
home squadron. They have since purchased one
hundred and thirty-six vessels, carrying five hun-
dred and eighteen guns. They have caused to be
recalled from foreign stations and repaired for the
naval service seventy-six vessels of the old Navy,
mounting seventeen hundred and eighty-three
guns, and they have built, up to this time, about
sixty vessels, mounting from two hundred and
fifty to three hundred guns. They have increased
the number of the seamen in the Navy from about
seven thousand to twenty-two thousand. They
have employed all the loyal officers whose names
were borne upon the Register, decimated as it was
by treachery, by resignation, and by perjuiy.
Weeding out the rotten and faithless stuff that in-
cumbered it, they have actively employed all the
loyal officers of the Navy. They have employed,
to the fullestextent,evcrynavy-yardin the coun-
try which w:is left in our possession in the build-
ing and repairs of vessels, and all the private yards
and private machine-shops in the country capable
of aiding the Government have been employed. In
all the branches of this Department there has been
nothing but activity and energy from the begin-
ning to the end.
It is said that they have not prevented the cre-
ation of a navy by southern rebels and traitors,
and that they have not successfully, at all times,
blockaded aii the ports of the country, and they
have been assailed for that reason. Gentlemen
will do the Secretary the justice to remember that
we have three thousand miles of stormy coast to
blockade, with numerous ports. It must be re-
membered, too, that thablockade was commenced
with very small and insignificant means, and that
we have made it so efficient that the men engaged
in this rebellion in the capital of their boasted em-
pire are suffering for all the necessaries and com-
forts and luxuries of life for which they depend
upon foreign commerce.
But it is said the Nashville has escaped. What
if it has?" Is that the fault of the Navy Depart-
ment? Some gentlemen seem to suppose that it
is the business of the head of the Navy Depart-
ment to go about old ocean, like Neptune with his
trident, in a small boat, stationing the vessels of
the blockading squadron, and that if a vessel es-
capes the blockade he should be deposed. Why,
all this is a very simple matter. This coast of
three thousand miles is divided into departments,
over each of which a flag officer of a blockading
squadron is appointed. It is the business of the
Government, as far as they can, to furnish him
with such vessels as he requires, and it is his busi-
ness to see that they are stationed in the best and
most judicious method. When the Nashville ran
into the port of Beaufort, North Carolina, Flag-
Officer Goldsborough, the commanding officer of
that department, was pursuing the enemy in the
interior waters of North Carolina; he was not
with his flagship at his station at Hampton Roads,
but was engaged in active service against the
enemy. The Secretary of the Navy the next day
telegiaphed to every navy-yard in the country
where there were vessels either ready or in course
of preparation, to send them immediately to that
station, knowing that Bnrnside was about to at-
tack the city of Beaufort, and that the Nashville
would attempt to escape. He was answered from
Boston that the next day a vessel would start from
there, and on the third day afterwards another
vessel for that station. But because they were
disappointed, because he had no vessels at his
command, because at Baltimore, where he tele-
graphed, the vessels upon the stocks could not be
got ready in time, it was our bad fortune that no
additional vessel could be got there until the Nash-
ville had escaped. The State of Georgia, a ves-
sel upon that station, was driven away for want
of coal, and there were only two vessels left to
guard that port, and the Nashville escaped.
So in regard to the Merrimac. Iron vessels are
a recent invention. The efficiency of iron vessels ,
has been doubted. It was doubted till that mem-
orable contest in Hampton Roads between the
Merrimac and the Monitor. Other nations have
expended millions upon millions upon iron ves-
sels. At the last session of Congress we made an
appropriation of $1,500,000—less than has been
expended on experiments upon targets by our
neighbors across the water—to construct iron ves-
sels for an experiment. What is the result? We
have obtained the Monitor. It is said that the
construction of that vessel was delayed by the rou-
tine and red tape of the Navy Department, and
yet Captain Ericsson, in a public letter, drawn out
by such accusations, says that his plan was pre-
sented to a board organized immediately upon the
passage of our appropriation bill, thut he spent
two hours before the board in explanation of his
plan, that in two hours more they reported favor-
ably upon it, that he started immediately, by direc-
tion of the Secretary, without waiting even to sign
a contract, and that before the contract could be
drawn up in the Department, by order of the Sec-
retary, he commenced the construction of the Mon-
itor, and the iron keel of that vessel was being
drawn out at the rolling-mill while the contract
was being prepared in the Department. And yet
the Navy Departmentis accused of wan t of prom pt-
ness. An appropriation of §10,000,000 was voted
by this House at the present session, at an early
day, in advance of the knowledge of how these
experiments would terminate. And yet, in the
report of the investigating committee, its results
being staled in the Senate—without any interfer-
ence on their part, I admit—that appropriation
was hung up for near two months in the Senate,
while these vessels should have been preparing for
service. The interests of the-Government were
thus jeoparded because, on the alleged frauds
asserted by this committee, the national Legisla-
ture would not promptly give to the Department
the means of putting these vessels afloat. If the
contracts for building these iron gunboats could
have been made at the time the House voted the
appropriation of $10,000,000, the Department, in-
stead of having one iron gunboat, would have had
twenty to take care of the Merrimac or any other
