626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
secret conclave, by the Legislature of Virginia,
and upon thatofmy colleague here; the blood of
my friends and my neighbors and my kindred not
yet dry upon the soil of my native hills; under
such circumstances, I have such an abhorrence of
this accursed rebellion that I hardly dare trust
my own judgment or my own heart in a matter
like that now under consideration, involving the
least degree of doubt whatever. But, sir, I trust,
nevertheless, that I appreciate my condition, and
that I shall be able not to fall below the true stand-
ard and measure of the dignity of an American
Senator,and discarding all prejudice and passion
and sense of personal grievance, look only to the
obligations of duty to the country on the one hand,
and justice to the Senator from Indiana on the other.
Mr. President, I have the advantage, I suppose,
of some Senators in one respcct. Allusion has been
made here to parties and to party spirit, I coine,
sir, from the fossil kingdom, belonging, as I do,
to thatextinctspecies,thepure, unadulterated, old-
line Whig, never having had any affiliation or
connection with any other party whatsoever. I
confess that I feel somewhat galvanized and elec-
trified by what I see going on around me and in
the country, when I see parties by whatsoever
name, compelled to come back and occupy the
conservative platform of the old Whig party and
the old Whig leaders. Nevertheless, 1 am sure
that I shall not be influenced, and I assure the
Senator from Indiana that I shall not be influ-
enced, by any party consideration. God forbid.
. I hope the day will never come when constitu-
tional liberty snail receive so fatal a blow as would
be inflicted if the Senate of the United States sh ould
become the mere bed of Procrustes, where the opin-
ions of minorities or of individuals must conform
to the arbitrary will of mnjonties, or they be put
to the torture. Sir, of all species of tyranny in the
world, that of a majority, acting simply because
it has the power, without reference to principle or
right, is the most dangerous and the most terrible.
I shall divest myself of all such influences, I
trust; and now, sir, 1 come to thequestion directly
in issue. I appreciate the importance of it, not
only to the Senator from Indiana, but to the Sen-
ate and the country. It is not only of interest and
importance to him, but it is to set a precedent and
establish a principle, perhaps, which will not only
affect the immediate interests of the Senate and
the country, but which will be felt ages to come
in the administiation of the affairs of the country.
What position docs the Senator occupy ? Sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States,
sworn to protect and defend it, sworn in effect to
be myaland true to this country, he is impeached
with sentiments and principles of disloyalty ren-
dering him unworthy of a sent upon this floor;
and the proposition is to turn him adrift, with the
mark of infamy upon his reputation to follow him
forever. Now, sir, is he guilty? Is he worthy
of expulsion? Is it light that he should be ex-
pelled? If so, however unpleasant the duty may
be, I shall feel myself obliged to exercise and fulfill
my obligation under a sense of duty.
Mr. President, I am obliged to the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] for the position
which he took in reference to the direct issue be-
fore the Senate. I do not think that it would be
doing justice to the Senator from Indiana, or that
it would be conforming to justice itself to travel
so far out of the record as some honorable Sen-
ators have traveled in the course of this discus-
sion. We have but to advert to an illustration
which occurred the other day to show the impro-
priety and the danger of traveling out of the rec-
ord. How does this matter stand ? The Senator
from Indiana is arraigned upon a distinct propo-
sition contained in the resolution pending before
the Senate. That is the record. In addition to
that, I understand that he himself, of his own ac-
cord, asked and insisted that a letter of explana-
tion, writtenby him subsequently, should go along
with the resolution to the Committee on tiie Judi-
ciary. I think that that also must be considered
a part ot the record, because ho has so made it.
But are wc to consider anything else ? I venture to
say that no court of justice within the broad limits
of this Confederacy would tolerate the admission,
and bringing to bear of charges outside the record
upon the trial of such an issue as this. The accu-
sation and the charges go directly to the Judiciary
Committee; they are distinct; they are defined;
they are well known; that committee report to the
Senate; and the Senator from Indiana is placed
upon his trial upon those charges. Now, sir, is
it not taking him by surprise to bring in new
matter, new allegations affecting the main issue at
this stage of the case? I think it is, and I think
it would be doing injustice to the Senator from In-
diana, and doing injustice to the due administra-
tion and course of justice itself to allow a proceed-
ing so irregular; and as I said just now, we have
but to advert to an incident that occurred on this
floor the other day to show the impropriety and
the danger of any such proceeding. The distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] the
other day, in the course of an explanation which
he was making, stated that he had understood that
the record of the Senator from Indiana would
establish such and such facts, which he mentioned.
It turned out upon investigation that the record did
not establish any such facts; thatin regard to the
main fact it was silent, the yeas and nays not having
been taken on the votes for appropriations during
the spccial session in July last; and the further fact
was developed that, before the Finance Committee,
the Senator from Indiana had cordially cooperated
in all measures of appropriation, and all measures
for carrying on the war.
Mr. DAVIS. As the gentleman has alluded to
me, will he allow me to make a statement?
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. The Finance Committee kept a
record, and that record shows that the committee
had twelve meetings during the last session of
Congress, and that the gentleman from Indiana
attended but three of them.
Mr. WILLEY. That is new matter. It is
another illustration of the impropriety of spring-
ing up th esc questions.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow mo one
other word if lie pleases, and I shall not interrupt
him again p
Mr! WILLEY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia if the reeoid of the Senator from Indiana in
this body, and the record of every Senator in this
body, is not before this House? I ask if the record
of the gentleman from Indiana in this body is not
now legitimately before the Senate on the trial of
this question of expulsion ?
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President 
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the honorable Senator
will allow me a moment.
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was not aware that the Com-
mittee on Finance, of which I have had the honor
of being a member for the last fifteen years, kept
a record of its meetings. I should dislike very
much to dispute the truth of what appears to be
a record; but if it shows that I was present at but
three meetings during the last session it is a mis-
take. Such a record is incorrect; and if the honor-
able chairman was present, I should be glad to re-
fer to him again, as I refened to him impromptu
the other day on a collateral question that arose
during the argument of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. The honorable chairman of the
committee [Mr. Fessenden] then very fairly and
very truly, 1 think, bore testimony to my attend-
ance upon the committee as often as most mem-
bers, and to my course there. The Senator from
Ohio before me, [Mr. Sherman,] who is a mem-
ber of the committee, corroborated his statement,
as I understood.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me a word? The gentleman from
Indiana knows one fact at least, that that convnit-
tcc kept a clerk, and that that clerk entered the
meetings of the committee and the gentlemen who
were present upon every occasion; and if the gen-
tleman from Indiana, or the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, or any other gentleman will call in that
cleik and his record, they will find that record as
I have stated it.
Mr. PEARCE. I am a member of the com-
mittee and have been for fifteen years, I think, or
at all events for ten years and more. I never
knew that a record of the committee meetings was
kept. None has ever been kept, I venture to say,
under the authority of the committee. If any
such record is now kept, it is the private, unau-
thorized act of the clerk. I do not know, sir, that
nt would be at all improper that such a rccord
should be kept. I have not the least objection to
it myself, but I think it would be proper that the
committee should know that such a record was
kept. 1 never knew it, nor suspected it.
Mr. DAVIS. One word. I do not know by
whose authority the record was kept. I supposed
it was correctly kept, and I suppose only such
gentlemen as fear the correctness 6f the record
would object to its being kept by an honest man
Mr. PEARCE. I think the committee ought -
to know it, sir. I am very free to say that 1
attended very seldom at the last session. The
Senate know the reason. It was because my
health was such as not to allow me to be present.
When well enough, I have always attended the
meetings of the committee very punctually; but
I think when there is a record kept, the committee
ought to know the fact.
Sir. DAVIS. You now know the fact.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. Picsidcnt, all this is en-
tirely immaterial to the question I was discussing;
but it does seem to me that it furnishes a much
better argument than any I could make, and is
more conclusive to the point than any process of
argumentation that I should be able to adopt.
Now, sir, we sec the danger and the difficulty of
traveling outside of distinct issues, and bringing
up matters not contemplated m the original pros-
ecution. We see differences of opinion here to-
day in regard to facts, and doubt is thrown now
upon the very matter indicated by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. I will answertheinquiry
put to me by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, and say that the record and the votes of
every Senator on this floor are properly within
the reach and under the control and powdr of every
member, in such a prosecution; but that is not the
question. Being under the control, being under
the power and within the reach of Senators, they
should make theircharges distinct; they should file
the specifications and the allegations; they should
give the Senator who is prosecuted notice of them,
and they, with the other matters, should go before
the Judiciary Committee, that he may have an op-
portunity of appearing there and contesting these
allegations. And it seems to me that there would
be great necessity for it, for now I demand of the
Senate to know, from what they have heard of
the side discussion which just now took place,
what are the facts in regard to what the record of
the Finance Committeeshows. TheSenatecannot
tell. Senators themselves are m doubt whether
there is such a journal kept; and hence I say that
springing up these side issues (not making them
a part of the original specific allegation, and giving
the Senator notice of them and power to go before
the committee and meet them) is doing great vio-
lence to the administration of justice, and would
not be tolerated by any court of justice in the
United States, in my humble opinion.
There is another thing, Mr. President; I beg
the Senator from Indiana to understand me that!
am now purging myself from any suspicion that
he might entertain of unfairness on my part in
regard to the matter under consideration. It has
been argued here as additional corroborative evi-
dence of the guilt of the Senator from Indiana, that
he has failed to do so and so; that he has failed
to denounce this rebellion; that he has failed to
lift up his voice against it; and to exert his influ-
ence against it. Sir, I regret to hear that such is
the fact; and it does seem to me that no loyal man
with a loyal heart in his bosom could be silent
when such a controversy was going on between
the Constitution and the rebels. But, then, sir,
is it not a dangeious principle to arraign men in
a case like this, and to punish them for what they
have not done? If that were done, who on this
; floor would be guiltless? Let me makeafewspc-
1 cifications. James Buchanan, President of the
United States, tookground stronger than even that
of the Senator from Indiana that there was no
power to coerce the States m rebellion into sub-
mission to the Government; and we were told the
other day, in style most graphic, in style most
thiilling, by the distinguished Senator fiom Ten-
nessee, how the "close corporation" that stood
upon this floor, in the very vicinity where I now
stand, traduced the Constitution, how they re-
viled the laws, how they bade defiance to the
authority of the Government, and openly pro-
claimed that they would go home from this cap-
ital, and, appealing to the God of battles, would
maintain their rebellion at the point of the sword
and the bayonet. Sir, with such traitors upon this
floor, with such opinions avowed here, was there
