1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
62?
no failure of duty on the part of gentlemen in this
body ? If traitors were in our midst avowing their
treason, why was it not the case that loyal men
prosecuted them for their treason, or at least sought
to expel them from this body ? They did not do
-it. Are we to-day to draw an inference from the
neglect, perhaps, of what was due to the traitors
on that occasion, that loyal Senators themselves
were guilty of treason ? I say it is a? dangerous
principle to adopt to prosecute men and to predi-
cate thoaevidence of their guilt on what they have
failed to do.
But, sir, coming to the question at issue, look
at the letter to Jefferson Davis; look at the circum-
stances at that time. Was there then a general
belief that there would be war? Did the Govern-
ment of the United States, did Mr. Lincoln and
those whom he shortly afterwards took into his
Cabinet, really believe, on the 1st day of March
last, that there would be war? Mr. Seward, per-
haps the most distinguished member of his Cabi-
net, Ions: after that declared that there would be no
war. He, I believe, even after that, declared that
in sixty days all would be peace, and the Union
would be restored. I might multiply examples
of the opinions of distinguished men on that point.
Sir, it is the intention that gives character to every
act—moral character, political character. It is
the intention of the party that controls the admin-
istration of criminal justice. Looking at the cir-
cumstances which existed on the 1st day of March
last, Tthink it would be a violent presumption to
conclude that the Senator from Indiana really
supposed there would be a conflict of arms be-
tween the North and the South. It would be doing
no injustice to him or to a reasonable presump-
tion to suppose that he, with other distinguished
men, really and in his heart did believe that the
storm would blow over without a conflict of arms,
and all would be peace again. Sir, I would never
have written such letter. At that time I would
not have written to Jefferson Davis at all, upon
any subject. I never would have given him the
high-sounding title of " president of the confed-
eration of States." I never would have recom-
mended a warm personal friend of mine to him in
terms like those used in the letter of the Senator
from Indiana. I acknowledge all this* 1 acknowl-
edge that to some extent it is a damaging letter; j
and yet I believe that it would be doing violence i
to a rational presumption to say that at that time
he believed that there would be war, and that he
was instigated in writing the letter by treasonable
motives, or the design to place a valuable fife-arm
in the possession of the so-called southern con-
federacy, or in any wise to contribute to its inter-
ests and to the detriment of the United States.
This is my belief; but, Mr. President, there is
one point upon which I wish to hear from the
Senator from Indiana, who proposes to enlighten
the Senators from Missouri and myself. I wish
particularly to direct his attention to the principle ;
that he announced in his explanatory letter to j
Mr. Fitch, dated on the 7th of September last. A j
wonderful change had come over the country be- j
tween the 1st of March and the 1st of September i
last. In September there could be no doubt in !
regard to the relations between the United States |
and the rebels. That was after the fatal disaster '
at Bull Run. That was after many a bloody con- -
flict on my own native hills. That was after my -
kinsmen and kindred had mingled their blood with
the noble sons of his own honored State along our .
valleys and our mountain sides, in defending our
firesides and our homes, that had been attacked ■
and robbed by the invader, seeking to subjugate ,
tiie loyal spirit of north western Virginia to the iron ,
despotism of Jefferson Davis. |
Theie could be no doubt in September, when that j
letter was wiitten,as regarded the disposition and j
the intentions of the two sections of the country. J
There was war, there was flagrant war; Jefferson j
Davis had proclaimed in a public message thatthe \
separation was eternal, that there never could be j
a reunion of the Republic; Legislatures had so .
declared; Governors had so declared in their mes- |
sages; and it was distinctly understood, 1 think, j
that this contest was to be settled by nothing else 1
than the conflict of arms. I understood the Sen- :
ator from Indiana to announce here upon this floor i
the other day that he was- then and always had
been opposed to the principle of secession, that he ;
did not believe aState had the right to secede, and !
that he had always opposed that doctrine. That I
being the case, itcannotlogically be concluded that
he believed these States, either in the exercise of
a right, or in the exercise of an arbitrary discre-
tion, which he might think was indiscreetly and
improperly exercised, had sundered their connec-
tion with the Federal Government. In view of all
these facts, and entertaining this opinion, the Sen-
ator announced in his letter to Mr. Fitch in Sep-
tember last, and I understand him still to adhere
to the same opinion, that he is opposed to the en-
tire coercive policy of this Government. What
does that mean ? What does the Senator mean?
Upon that point I wish to be enlightened. I do
not say how I shall vote; I shall reserve my de-
cision until I hear from the Senator; but still I
wish to submit to him the question, so that when
he takes the floor he may enlighten me on the sub-
ject. The nation is at war. Rebellion has throt-
tled the Constitution. It is in arms. Its armies,
by the hundred thousand, arc thundering at the
door of the capital. Through its highest officers
it is threatening to plant the flag of the southern
confederacy on Fancuil Hall; it is threatening to
winter its troops in Philadelphia; not only to main-
tain its own independence, but to invade this sec-
tion of the United Slates.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia allow me a moment?
Mr. WILLEY. Of course, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 did not intend to say a word
to-day. I propose to-morrow, before the final
vote is taken, to submit a statement of this case,
which I have reduced to writing, so that I may
not be misunderstood by the Senate or by the
public; but as the Senator is upon one specific
point now, I will enable him to conclude his
speech, by reading two resolutions that were
lately passed by the largest political convention
perhaps that ever assembled in the State of In-
diana. They are short, and they embody my
sentiments. They emanate from the party that
I have acted with for the last thirty years, and
that have a right, politically speaking, to control
my action; and 1 intend, with them, to stake my
political fortunes in times to come. I happen to
have the resolutions here; there are many of ihem;
but I will read two, if the Senator will allow me,
that I think cover the very point he is discussing.
Mr. WILLEY. Allow me to inquire when
those resolutions were passed.
Mr. BRIGHT. On the 8th of January last,
the Democracy of Indiana, in State convention,
adopted these resolutions:
"9. That in tins national emeujency the Democracy of
Indiana, hani-hingall feeling of passion and icseritmcnt,
will leeolleet only then duty to the whole countiy; that
thi< war should not be wagf-d m the spirit of conquest or
subjugation, noi lor the put pose of oveithiowing or intei-
feung with the lights ot institutions of the States, but to
defend and maintain the supiemacyof the Constitution,
and to preserve the Union with all the dignity,equality, and
rights, of the several States unimpaned; and that as soon
as the^c objects are accomplished the war ought to cease.
a 10 Thiit we will sustain, with all our ojiergiP1*, a war
for the maintenance of the Constitution, and of thdiiKg-
lity of the Union under the Constitution; but we are op-
posed to a war i'oi the emancipation of the negroes, or the
subjugation of the southern States."
That, sir, as far as it goes, is my platform; and
if I shall be turned from this body, I intend on
these resolutions to go again before the people that
have so often and so long honored me. '
Mr. WILLEY. I have hut very few words
more to say, Mr. President. The reading of these
resolutions, the enunciation on the part of the
Senator from Indiana that they contain his senti-
ments now, drives me to put the question to him
in a little diiiVrent form, and ask him that he will
do me the favor (for I shall consider it a favor to
be pcimuted to listen to his explanation to-mor-
row) to define what he meant m September last
when he declared that he was then opposed to the i
entire coercive policy of the Government. i
Mi. President, in the name of God, when there j
is a war like this upon the country how else can 1
it be put down by arms? I am perfectly awaie |
that in certain stages of the progress even of this j
rebellion there might be an honest difference of
opinion as regarded the time when to employ co-
ercion, the manner in which it should be employed,
and the character of the policy to be observed;
but in September last, when there was flagrant
war, defiance on the part of the rebels, hundreds
of thousands of men in arms trampling upon the
Constitution, defying the legitimate authorities of
the country, murdering Union men, incarcerating
the helpless all over the South, plundering and
burning wherever they had the power, I want'to
know what the Senator did mean when he wrote
on that occasion that he was opposed to the entire
coercive policy of the Government.
Sir, in regard to matters of opinion we ought to
allow the widest latitude; and it will be a sHd day
when the Senate of the United States, under any
influence, shall proscribe for opinion's sake. But
the point I-make is this: under the circumstances
of the country that existed in September last, was
there room for difference of opinion? Does not
opposition to the coercive policy of the Govern-
ment mean that the rebels m arms ought to be let
alone; and does it not logically and in effect mean
disunion, a severance of the country, an acknowl-
edgment of the southern confederacy, and a per-
manent destruction of the Union? On this point
I wish to be enlightened by the Senator tomor-
row; and as I shall be enlightened upon this point
my vote will be controlled.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this debate is
about to close; but before the vote is taken I wish
briefly to review it, and to show again that there is
but one conclusion which can truly satisfy the
Senate or the country. If your just judgment in
this case were not of incalculable importance both
for the Senate and the country—helping to elevato
the one and to inspire the other—I should not ven-
ture again to claim your attention. Such a prece-
dent, so fruitful in great influences, should be
completely commended and vindicated,thatitmay
remain forever unquestioned as one of the pillars
of that constitutional security which is the object
of government itself.
Out #f all who have spoken, we naturally yield
precedence on this occasion to the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright.] His speech was not long,
but it afforded ample ground for regret, if not for
condemnation. It showed offensively the same
spirit which is found in the original letter; nor did
it suggest anything in apology, except that the
bearer of the letter was his life-long friend, and
that when he wrote the letter he did not dream of
war; in other words, an act of unquestionable
disloyalty was put under the double cloak of a
life-long fi iendship, and of professed ignorance of
the real condition of things. Because the bearer
of the letter was his life-long friend, and because
the Senator did not sec war ahead, therefore he
was justified in sending forth this life-long friend
on an errand of disloyalty, if not of treason itself,
and of making him the instrument of aid and
comfort to an organized rebellion. Of couise such
an argument shows weakness, and not stiength;
and the very weakness out of which it sprung
naturally became impassioned and unjust. If any
personal feelingcould disturb thatperfect equanim-
ity which with me, on this occasion, is at once a
sentiment and a duty, I might complain of that
vindictive tone which broke forth, not only in per-
sonal imputations, but also m the menace that
what I had said on the case of the Senator I dared
not say again here or elsewhere; but I make no
complaint. It is sufficient for me that I spoke in
the conscious discharge of my duty, and that I
know of nothing in the vindictive tone or in the
menace of the Senator which can interfere with
such duty as I understand it. Therefore, I put
aside what he has said, whether of personal im-
putation or of personal menace, or of argument;
for they all leave him worse than if he had con-
tinued silent.
I put aside also the elaborate argument, lasting
throughout a whole day, of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] practically exalting sla-
very above the Constitution, and insisting that,
while life is sacrificed and property is taken—
while great rights are trodden down, and all hu-
man energies are enlisted in defense of our coun-
try, slavery alone is too sacred to be touched.
Sir, I put aside this argument, because it is ut-
terly out of place and irrelevant in the present
discussion; and I trust it will not be my habit in
debate to ramble from that straight line which is
the shortest way to the desired point. There is
a time to sow and a time to reap; and there will
be a time to discuss the constitutional power of
Congress to put an end to this rebellion, even if,
in so doing, it is constrained to put an end to
slavery itself.  
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will excuse me.
Mr. DAVJS. I never assumed such a position.
