THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• 1 & *x
1-1 V
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. BIVES, WA^HINGTQK, 3},:A i V
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 11, 1862.
New J
said to be better than few for some things. It
camo to our Committee on Finance, and we de-
voted much time to it, and especial care to the
machinery of the bill, although we did not at-
tempt to correct its phraseology, except in a few
instances. We could only have done that by re-
writing it. It came next to the Senate, and now
the Senate has had it under consideration for a
fortnight, devoted much time to it, and we have
had much valuable aid to improve it here in the
Senate, and it has been improved. If, after all
this, it will not work tolerably well, the fact will
show a great want of skill in the public counsel-
ors. I am hardly willing to make that admis-
sion, especially as no better plan has been devised
by anybody. I believe it to be a good system;
on the best examination I can give to it as it stands
now, I think it will work well and easily, and I
think, too, it has been brought to a reasonable
degree of perfection. That many defects will be
found in practice is natural, necessary, perhaps,
in so extensive a system; but what of that ? Hu-
man heads made it, by the. aid of human hands;
and in such work there is always imperfection.
That a thing is not perfect,involving so much, is
no reproach upon anybody.
I have said all I have to say on that point, and
I find that instead of taking a few minutes on this
large subject, I am going further than I intended.
Now let me say a few words upon the bill itself.
Upon what system is it devised? As much as
possible to make the burden equal upon all classes.
We must find subjects of taxation. Have we
found unnatural or unfit subjects? If it is not in
all particulars what we wish, would it have been
advisable for us here in the Senate to vary mate-
rially from it? Upon what idea are the two Houses
of Congress based ? The originating of tax bills
is left by the Constitution in the House of Rep-
resentatives. They only can originate bills for
raising revenue, because they are thought more
nearly to represent the people and to understand
their interests. I know it has been said that the
provision is useless; but the framcrs of the Con-
stitution meant something; they meant that those
who had charge of opening the people's purses,
beginning the operation, should be those who are
nearest to the people, and they therefore said that
the House of Representatives should be the body
to originate such bills. We have the power of
amendment. In the British Parliament we all un-
derstand that it is settled that the House of Lords
can only take the bills or reject them. They can-
not amend; they must take them as they are;
throw out-or pass such bills as the Commons send
them. We have different powers. There is no
constitutional limit to our power of amendment.
We may perhaps have the power to change the
bill entirely; but is it wise to exercise that power?
If vesting this power in the House of Represent-
atives means anything, it means that the House
is the better judge of the subjectsof taxation; that
knowing more about the people, they know better
and can judge better upon what it is advisable
to levy taxes. I stated in the committee in the
beginning—I hope none of my brethren will take
offense at it—that, in my judgment, it would not
be wise for us to undertake to devise a system
which based itself upon different grounds and to
take in a large measure, or to any great extent
different subjects of taxation from those which
had been presented by the House of Representa-
tives. I thought they were constitutionally the
judges, and although we might, not being limited,
perhaps alter at will, it was hardly worth while
to begin a contest of that description between the
two Houses of Congress, and we had better stand
where we were.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say that as
to the views I advanced, they were advanced as
suggestions rather than matters of legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said these were my
views, as a general rule; I am not saying that any-
body opposed them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say I advanced my
views as suggestive at the time rather than as a
matter of legislation.
164
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably, I repeat
it here, I think that is the sound and proper basis
upon which to place the whole matter. Now, I
have an abstract before me—it is hardly worth
while to call attention to it; I can repeat the most
of it—of the manner in which the Representatives
of the people attempted to carry out their plan.
They in the first place took luxuries, what might
be considered luxuries and vices, if you will; they
took the article of spirits for several reasons. In
the first place, because it is an article in general
and extensive use, and it made no difference, sub-
stantially, how much tax was paid upon it so far
as the use is concerned. I mean that the great mass
of the people, in one form or another, do use it,
and it is no matter what the amount of duty is
with those who are disposed to do so. Besides,
such a tax is very much spread over the country;
and more than all that, if the people will use it as
a beverage to the extent they now-do, it is no mat-
ter how much tliey pay for it. That is the sim-
ple principle. But there was another point to be
considered, and that was had we a right to take
any branch of business, or would it be good sense
to take any branch of business and break itdown
at the start, or should the burden be made reason-
ably gradual? We must consider that there are
two Houses of Congress. After much debate the
House of Representatives fixed the tax at fifteen
cents a gallon; we raised it to twenty cents. From
the best information we could get we thought that
would answer; it was as much as it would do
to put on; and that is the principle on which it
was based. That is an amendment we had a right
to make. Tobacco isin the same category,though
not to the same extent; it comes within the same
class, of no use, perhaps, to anybody, but still
something that large portions of the community
will use because they derive pleasure from it.
Going on a little further, they tax occupations,
making no particular distinction between those
who are prosperous in their occupations and those
who are not, and the distinction cannot well be
made in a tax of this description, because you
cannot foresee what a man is to do in the course of
a year, and cannot tell whether he is to be prosper-
ous or otherwise. That comes under the head of
licenses. Here let it be remarked that the other
scheme connected with the tax upon sales—upon
which I designed to say something, but find 1
shall not have time to do so—puts the same or
heavier duties upon occupations, only in a differ-
ent shape. It taxes them fiom month to month
upon the receipts of their business, but does not
grant them a license for carrying on that business.
That undoubtedly would suit my friend from Mas-
sachusetts better, but the principle is the same.
1 do not suppose that I shall remember all the
articles, and it is hardly necessary that I should
state them all. Spirits and beer are in the same
category. Then come manufactures. There was
no escape from this. To get the revenue, you
must tax manufactures or sales; one or the other.
No scheme could be devised in any possible way
which would not be oppressive to the community,
and destroy portions of it, without taxing either
the manufactures of the country or the sales of the
country. You may take all the taxes that can be
derived from all other sources, and the product
will not come anywhere near what you want. The
committee of the House of Representatives and
the House chose to put the tax on manufactures.
I think they chose wisely. I have given much
reflection to the subject of a tax on sales as pro-
posed. It struck me favorably at first. It struck
my honorable friend from Rhode Island favora-
bly. He thought over it, and came to the con-
clusion that I had come to earlier, and that was
that the thing was impracticable—it would not
relieve the people of any burden, and would not
effect the desired purpose.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think it is very likely that
I began to think of it because the Senator suggested
that it was the best plan at first, I cannot think
so fast as he.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I say the Senator came to
the same conclusion, after thinking more ofit, that
I had come to earlier than lie did, without, per-
haps, thinking so much, certainly not thinking.so-
well. It is hardly worth while, theivto discus?.;
tliAt now; it will be discussed in the newspapers,
and I do not wish to detain the Senate. It bcirig
absolutely necessary to tax one or the other, the.
House of Representatives took n^anufactures, antl
it is very evident that the Senate is ready to concur',
with them in opinion. On manufactures the duty
imposed is very light. I undertake to say, from all,
the intercourse I have had with manufacturers on
the subject, they do not consider the 'n\te of three,
per cent, as at all heavy or burdensome. On sope
articles the rate is higher, but they are peculiar,
and stand upon their own particular ground. I will,
say this with reference all who came before us, and'
objected to the rate of taxation which had been,
adopted. We heard them patiently, and in almost
every instance made the bill to conform to their"
wishes; and the bill, as it stands before the Senafe
to-day, on the" subject of manufactures, with the.
exception of a very few items—and I hardly know*
of any after the amendments which have been made
in the Senate—stands, on the evidence before us,
acceptable to those more directly interested in the
subject from having to pay the money originally.
It is predicated on the idea that the whole tax is
not, as it certainly ought not to be, a burden on
the manufacturers. They will,undoubtedly,bear
a part of it, but in the progress of trade ami con-
sumption a reasonable and proper share of it
comes upon the consumer, and is diffused over
the whole country. That is the principle, and it
is right, too, for every man should bear bis pro-
portion of the public burdens.
Then the bill taxes auction sales. My friend
from Rhode Island the other day gave the reason
why they are subjected to taxation. They are
thought to be injurious to trade, and much money
is made by them; and it is therefore proper to tax
them a reasonable rate. We struck out a couple
of millions or more that might have been gained
from a tax on carriages, watches, piano fortes,
silver plate, and yachts, for the reason that it was
believed this feature of the bill would be odious,'
as it would send the tax gatherer, if you please
to call him so, the assessor, into every man's
house to examine the items of all those little arti-
cles of luxury. The committee decided to strike
it out, and the Senate has sustained the decision
of the committee for the most part. Whether it
is wise or not, remains to be seen. It was pro-
posed to be struck out in deference to the expres-
sions of a strong public opinion in regard to what
would be the effect upon the bill itself as felt among
the people. I agree in logic with that. I only
fear—and am free to say that I have some fear on
that point—that a bad use of it may be made by
demagogues, who will tell the people that you
have spared the rich and taxed the poor; but after
all, 1 have found in my experience in life that the
people of this country look beyond the surfaceof
things, and see and understand motives, and effects
as well. It is not every man who lias a watch
that is able to pay a tax; it is not every Jady that,
lias a piano forte, which perhaps was a gift from
a friend, or a legacy, that can afford to Be taxed
for it; it is not every person who owns any other
article of luxury, that he values perhaps as a
keepsake, who is able to pay a tax on it. It may
be wise that Congress should refrain from this
source of taxation.
Then the bill taxes slaughtered cattle, the rea-
sons for which have been given; the receipts of
railroads and steamboats and dividend trust com-
panies and moneyed corporations and salaries and
incomes and bonds and legacies. Why ? Be-
cause they are property, the property of prosper-
ous people, as a general rule. They are a part
of the fixed capital of the country,paying a profit,
and paying a profit of a peculiar character. By
these taxes we equalize the others, and more than
equalize them. Will my friend fiom Rhode Island
tell me that this is a tax upon the poor? If you
call those rich who have more, perhaps, than
enough in this world—and those who have invest-
ments of these different kinds cotp.e wilhip that
