1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONA1 GLOBE.
129
37tii Cong.... 2d Sess.
Management of Navy Department—Mr: Sedgwick.
Ho. oi' Reps.
vessel that could have been putafloatby the south-
ern confederacy; and before this day we would
have had every city on the whole southern coast
in our possession. I find no fault with the pro-
ceedings of the committee; but I only say that it
was the unfortunate result of them that the De-
partment had not the means to build these iron
vessels and have them afloat at the time they were
wanted.
It is very easy to cry out against the Depart-
ment for want of promptness. It is very easy to
get up a cry of fraud against the Department. It
makes the country newspapers inquire " Who is
A B or C D who has maue such terrible denun-
ciations in the House of fraudulent contracts. I
know all that,and I know it is unpopularforany
man to stand in this House and defend any De-
partment of the Government which he believes to
be unjustly accused of want of promptness or
want of integrity. I would say in relation to all
this matter, that while I will have no partinany
attack on individuals, I will vote and desire to vote
in the spirit of the resolution offered this morning
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.]
I desire to see brought forward in the House a
bill which shall punish fraud on any Department
of the Government as a crime—a bill which will
make the penalty so severe and so certain that no
man, in or out of office, who engages in a fraud-
ulent transaction, shall escape the responsibility
of his acts. I put no shield before any victim who
is justly amenable to punishment or censure. If
the Secretary of the Navy has been guilty of any
base, secret, fraudulent transaction with anybody,
with a relative or a stranger, let the ax fall. I
do not stand here as his shield or his protector.
But if he has managed the affairs of his Depart-
ment with skill, with activity, with industry; if
he has brought about him in the administration
of the Navy Department, men whose practical
knowledge, whose energy, whose devotion to the
service, whose knowledge of the vessels and of-
ficers of the Navy—such men as he unquestion-
ably has in his assistant in that office—if he lias
brought about him such men as counselors, ad-
visers, and assistants, and if the affairs of the Dc-
partment have been managed with integrity and
honesty, do not indulge in this criticism, do not
attempt to injure him in the estimation of the
country, do not attempt to cripple him in the ser-
vice by any unjust censure of his conduct.
I say that the head of that Department has pro-
duced an administration of the Navy Department
worthy of its history and of its olden glories.
Hitherto its achievements have been confined to
the broad ocean; its flag has floated over her
waves; but now it is thundering at the gates of
cities, in the very heart of the continent. It is
making unsafe the most secret recesses of those
traitors who vainly strove to interpose between
their treason and its punishment the Alleghanies
and the great mountains that rib the continent.
The Navy has participated in every glorious con-
test of the war, and is now levying its contribu-
tions on the chief commercial city of the South;
and now it is proposed to strike it down by a vote
of want of confidence in its head, or by a censure
on him for a fraudulent management of its affairs.
I protest against that injustice. While the Navy
is reviving the memories of its old heroes on new
fields and adding new names to its long line of
heroes, it is entitled to confidence, and not to censo-
rious and captious criticism. It is willing to be
judged by its results. It is willing to give an ac-
count. in honest returns of conquest and victory,
forevery dollar intrusted to its management. Look
at the results which this Navy has produced in the
war from the moneys furnished to it. I know that
this Congress has been liberal, that it has not shut
its fist against the fair demands of the Navy Depart-
ment, and I say that results have been produced
worthy of all its liberality. Look at the achieve-
ments of the Navy, and say whether, taking the
whole management of the Department together,
it has not produced effects at least equal to those
of any other Department of the Government.
I do not say that the Department or any of its
officers are perfcct. I do not say that they may
not have been defrauded or imposed upon, for no
vigilance can secure any Department against fraud;
but I say it challenges respect and confidence for
integrity, for zeal, for industry, for patriotism, for
New Series—No. 9.
an honest desire to subserve the public interests.
The history of our gallant Navy will suffer no
dishonor under its present administration. In its
infancy, the name of Paul Jones, in his little craft
hardly sufficient to cross the ocean and meet its
storms, was a terror in every household along the
shores of the Mistress of the Occan. His name
brought such a feeling of terror into their homes
as the English poet ascribes to one of its heroes
in the southern hemisphere, when he says:
" Panama's maids shall long look pale,
When Illsingham inspires the tale,
And Chili's matrons ion? shall tame
The froward child with lieitram's name."
A little later our Navy was found thundering at
the gates of Tripoli, demanding the release of
white and Christian captives from a slavery almost
as cruel and intolerable as that which we now in-
flict on captives from that continent of a darker
hue. In its riper years it brought down that
" meteor flag," which for a thousand years has
" braved the battle and the breeze." And now,
standing at the head of new inventions, with its
iron boats tested in actual contest, with its mortars
seven thousand pounds heavier than ony used at
the famous siege of Sebastopol, and for the first
time launched on ocean vessels, it has ascended
the Mississippi, relieving the blockade which has
bound the highway of this empire in the great
West, it is opening the channels of commerce.
It is doing its whole duty to the country. And 1
ask that you shall not cripple it by declaring that
it lacks the confidcnce of this House of Represent-
atives. If the Department has made a mistake,
you have corrected it by legislation. If there was
a mistake in not limiting the commissions paid to
an agent, you have corrected that by legislation.
You must recollect the circumstances of thccoun-
try when that transaction took place. You must
extend to your public servants the justice, not to
say the chanty, which you would extend to any
of your agents or employes in private life. 1 ask
this House to pause before it passes a vote which
shall imply a censurc on. the administiation of the
Navy Department—a Department which, in its
conduct throughout the whole war, has been wor-
thy of the praise instead of the censure of this
House.
Statement in regard to the purchase of the Mcrcedita.
Navy Department, February IB, 1862.
Sir* In answer to yourveibal request,! beg leave to state
that the Mcrccdita, a new steamer of ten bundled and sev-
enty tons burden, was tendered to the Department as early
as the month of May last, andan examination was ordeied.
The report, with the information attending it, was Mich that
I declined to purchase the vessel, and was indisposed to
spend further time or attention upon it. But persistent im-
portunity and such influences as intciested panics brought
to boar, and one or two interviews with the chairman of
tlie Naval Committee on the part of the Senate, who ap-
peared as the fuend of Mi. Iluuell, led the Depaitment to
again coiwdci the subject, with results, however, as at fiivt,
against the purchase. Intending ihe subject should hcic
olo-sc, I look notuitherpaitinany negotiation* or bargainmg
for the Mercedita; iny whole opinions, convictions, and pre-
judices, perhaps, being against the vessel, the agent*, job-
ber*, biokers, and per&on^ interested m and connected with
her. Finding themselves unable to effect a hale with me,
or to induce tne to give the subject further consideration,
they turned their attention to otiieis, and finally succeeded
in procuring an offer, which, though at fir.-t i ejected by the in,
was ultimately accepted, and was doubtless not a piofita
bio one to the sellers. The offcrwhieh, in consequenceof
their importunity, was finally made to them was $30,000
less than they had persistently demanded, and included as
a condition that they should make ccitain ladical alteia-
tions specified, as leqmsito by the naval contractor, at an
expense of $15,000. In other words, they were to receive
§85,000 for a vessel which they valued at $130,000. Al-
though I knew notlungof this offer until it had been made ;
yet, when it was communicated to me by the Assi>tant
Secietaty, 1 acquiesced in it, notwithstandinginyaversion
to deal with the pruties, because it was plainly a favorable
purchase for the Government. I enjoined, however, that
there should be vigilance exciciscdiu cveiy movement, and
that all alteiations and expenditures should be closely t>ciu-
tinized.
In the month of October, when the alterations were neaily
completed, Mi. Morgan required the lestor.iuon ot certain
property belonging to the Governmcntwhieh had been taken
from the vessel. This demand was cheerfully acquiesced
in bv Mr. Sei<r, who owned most of the vessel, and who
has behaved honorably throughout, but was followed soon
after by violent denunciation and abuse of naval officers,
Mr. Moigan and myself, by J. C. Jcwett & Co., small pio-
prictors. which attack has been continued ever since. Waft-
ing taken no part in the bargain or sale of this vessel, other
than supervising and enjoining vigilance upon those whose
duty it was to carry forward and complete the tiansier, I
have given these assaults little attention.
The principal malevolence has beendirectedagainstMr.
Morgan, who guarded the public property from depreda-
tion, objected to any payment until certain outstanding
liens which he had detected were removed, and who re-
ceived the commission tor the transfer made, but of whom
it should nt jtiMice. be said, that he has uniformly staged lie
held the commissions on this vessel subject to the order of
the Department, because, although the labor and responsi-
bility of the transfer, protecting the piopeuy and investi-
gating the title, by winch the Government was prevented
Irom being defrauded, devolved chiefly on him, ho never
considered this purchase as his exclusive bargain. About
the same time that J. C. Jevvett & Co. wero called upon to
restore the property that had been taken from the Mer-
cedha, and were required to remove tiie liens which Mr.
Morgan had asccitainod wore outstanding against the ves-
sel, they addressed a very extraordinary communication to
Captain William L. Hudson, which excited the just indig-
nation of that officer.
lie wiote to the Assistant Secretory, transmitting to him
the oftensive correspondence, who, after perusing the same
and communicating with Mr. Morgan, returned it to (Jap-
tain iliu^on, and also the answer ol'Mr. Moigan.
I beg leave to subjoin the letter of the Assistant Secre-
tary,the letter ot Mr. Morgan, and the recent letter of Cap-
tain Hudson, which perhaps will best develop the features
of this transaction, and tho true character of the jobbers,
agents, and lesser owners of the Mcrcedita. I al o send
you the letter of Mr.Seig, who owned seven tenths of tho
Mmcedita, who, after learning the course of James O. Jew-
ett & Co., wrote Mr. Morgan that he (Mr. Morgan) had
" acted in the most honorable manner, both towards the
owners and the Government, and entirely satisfactory to
me."
In conclusion, [ would remark that, except as assenting
to and unifying the bin gain and airangemenis tnadv uy oih-
eis, 1 have had no participation in tin-. matter, or inter-
course with any of the owners, jobbeis, agents, and others
of the Mcrcedita since declining to puichase her iu July
last. 1 may add, however, that the purchase, a& finally made
and perfected, has not been a disadvantageous one to the
Government. Jn this, case, as m all others, it has been my
pus pose and intention to got for the Government the full
value of the money expended, exclusive of commission*
and other incidental oYpenses, which I have insisted should
invariably be paid by ihe sellers. It is, however, an ex-
emplification or' the impossibility of satisfying all or rec-
onciling opinion*,that while the Mercedita men have been
prolific of their abuse of Mr. Moigan and myself for com-
pelling tlu-m to pay the coinim=>siou&, theie aic other?.," *
* * * who hiM-l that the commissions arc never
paid by the sellei-: but always by the pmelKUscrs.
Veiv respectfully, GIDttON WELLES.
Hon. CiMRt.rs II. -Bt-dowick,
Chub man Home Natal Committee.
Commandant's Officf. Navy-Yaro,
Cixari.i:stown\ Felnuary 18, 18s53
My Dear Sir: [ heicwith return your letter iu relation
to the Mereedita aflair, and on reading it over this morn-
ing feel that you had looked almost with piophouc eye into
the roguery, and fairly and honestly unmasked and laid bare
asj steniatie plan of coiruption and plunder against the Gov-
ernment in the purchase ot that steamer. Buirill is aeom-
pound fccoundrcl, and the Jewetts very little belter.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. h. HUDSON, Commandant.
G. V. Fox, Esq.,
Jhnstant Secretary of the Navy, Washington.
Navy Department, November 11, 1861.
My Dear Sir: I received the papeis in the Mcieeriita
matter, and forwarded thetn to Mr. Morgan, who has just
returned them with hi* answer, a copy of which is inclosed.
So far as I can recollect this mattei, it may be stated thus
briefly: Charles Burull (with the look of a dishonest man
in his face) came here to sell steamboats generally, and the
Mercedita in particular, fie might, fiom his actions, be-
havior. and appearance, he styled the nndeigrouud agent.
Jewetr St Co. vvete the patriots. They wiote to tho Presi-
dent and all the Departments that they were loyal audtrue,
and urged in stiong terms that this vessel should be taken
on high giounds. A Mr. Gallaher, brother of the paymas-
ter, also appealed on the boaids, but he was veiy unceie-
moniously tumbled overboatd by Jevvett & Co., and ditwp-
peaied after entering a protest at the Depaitment about his
commission in the matter. Tho vessel was examined and
objected to on account of the deek for the guiib being low!
Thus matters stood for several months, this rascal fiurrill
turning up occasionally at the Department. Finally they
went to work upon our boaid in Now York, and from
§130,000 came down to $100,000, with an agreement to alter
the vessel according to constructor i'ook's plan, which in-
volved $15,000 expense. If they have done this faithfully,
I have no doubt, as you say, thry have had a hard time of
it. They came at us with the belief that we wore prepated
and willing to buy every steamboat at anybody's pi ice, and
they have found "out their erior, and gnash their teeth in
bitterness and disappointment. J think youi opinion of the
whole concern is veiy happily expressed, and is eeitainly
shared by the Depaitment. I cannot understand how your
name was cvermcntioned by this llurrjll. The Secretary is
perfectly indtffeient whether it is published oi not; so am I.
We have not yet finished with tins party.
Very sincerely, G. Y- FOX.
Captain \\. L. Hudson, Boston.
New York, November 8, 3861.
Dear Sir : I have read the correspondence you sent me,
and heiewith return it. I ncveracted more conscientiously
than in the purchase of the Mercedita, as the correspond-
ence and ali my actions will show. J did not expect any
commission, and so stated to Mr. Burrill before the nego-
tiations for her purchase were concluded. I had not much
confidence in her owners, and wished to ha\e nothing to
do with it, and the whole matter as to purchase and price
was referred to your Department, but upon orders to pur-
chase upon Mr. Pook's specifications and examination,
