2610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
category—-if those are rich, they bear more than
their share of the burdens, for in addition to this,
they pay a tax on income of other descriptions,
and my honorable friend knows very well where
thaU will mostly fall.
Without specifying further, the House of Rep-
resentatives, in making this bill, endeavored to
to equalize taxation as far as possible, to diffuse
it through all the community, to make all classes
Hear a comfortable and reasonable share of the
burden; those who had most, to bear most, but
all those who had anything,indirectly to pay some-
thing. There is no other way in which you can
meet the necessities of the Government. I say
•" indirectly," because it is not laid on them di-
rectly. They will only feel it, if at all, through
the increased price of the articles they consume,
and the rate and degree of consumption is within
their own power.
So much with reference to the bill itself; and I
Bay here,and I say to the country, that I believe
this tax bill has been, after all that has been said
about it, and notwithstanding all that has been
said about it, well and wisely devised. That there
may be found errors in carrying it into execution,
and in the matter of its administration, is very
probable; but I believe it will fall with as much
equality and as much fairness upon the different
classes of the community as it is reasonable to
expect a tax thus diffused should fail—much more
so, vastly more so, than the system of taxing
sales which has been proposed as its antagonist,
but which I do not now propose to discuss, be-
cause I have already trespassed too long upon the
time of the Senate. And, sir, I believe the bill
has been framed with a good and true and honest
design to meet the wants of the Government, to
discharge our obligations, and to do no more than
is absolutely necessary for that purpose.
I have omitted to speak of one peculiar branch,
and that is the stamp tax, so-called. I do not
believe we can get along without it, and I have
no fears in regard to it. We have grown some-
what in the last eighty or ninety years, and the
people of this country understand these tilings.
This is a matter which may be attended with in-
convenience in its operation at first; but, in my
judgment, it will soon be found to work easily,
it is nothing more than somewhat extending the
same sort of inconvenience that the whole coun-
try experienced when we changed the system of
postages, and required prepayment by stamps,
and yet how easily that works now. Everybody,
in a short space of time, became accustomed to it.
So it will be with this. The machinery to carry
it into operation was furnished in that case, and
so it will be in this. I believe it is a tax that will
be as little felt, and will produce as little difficulty,
after it has had time to get fairly into operation,
and be understood by the country, as any other.
It is exceedingly light, if we except certain cases,
where very rich men are made to pay somewhat
more perhaps than they might desire.
It remains only to say, and that, of course,
must be mere conjecture, that 1 believe the taxes
in this bill will raise about one hundred and twenty
or one hundred and thirty millions of dolkus.
We cannot expect so much from the bill now as
in prosperous times, There will undoubtedly be
efforts made to avoid payment by the dishonest,
and by those who are not willing to contribute
their portion to the public burdens; but I think
that no very great share of what we ought to re-
ceive will escape us; but necessarily trade is some-
what stagnant; business is somewhat at a stand
still; capital is very careful with regard to where
it invests itself, if I may use the phrase; we do
not see so much enterprise and activity as usual.
It is not to be expected in a time of war; but this
is devised for the future as well as the present,
and we must trust to the experiment to begin with.
The question is, whether, in good faith, we have
done that which we promised to do? I think we
shall have done it when we have passed this bill.
If it does not succeed, if it is notenough, we shall
come together in a short time again, and can cor-
rect our errors, Many gentlemen say that it will
raise too tpqch n>onoy, It cannot raise moietlian
we shall have to meet; and if it raises more than
:s absolutely necessary for the ti^e, will it not be
bettor, ant} will It not be a. more graceful task to
strike down at the end of the year, aijc) relieve the
people of some burdens than to be obliged to put
on greater ones? The people soon get accustomed
to a burden, unless it is beyond all human en-
durance; but they do not like to have it increased,
especially if they feel it; but after they have ac-
customed themselves to a heavy burden, or to one
that may be called severe, if you can say to them,
"this was for a time of necessity, and now we
can relieve you," the rebound is much more sat-
isfactory than would be the reflection that would
be cast upon us for a want of sufficient energy in
the beginning. I commend this thought to the
consideration of gentlemen who think that we are
in danger of raising more under this bill than we
shall need.
Now, sir, I can hardly venture a prediction; I
have made no calculations upon which I could
rely myself, in reference to the amount we shall
realize under this bill. We have increased some-
what on the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives. The tax on cottonis diminished,
but on other articles it is somewhat increased. I
have said that I believe we could raise, with this
and the direct tax, $130,000,000. The list which
I have before me, and which I will not trouble the
Senate by reading, nor do I think I will print it,
amounts to something less than that. We must
consider, howev.er, that it is going to cost some-
thing to collect the money. We cannot do that
for less than $10,000,000, and that is to be de-
ducted, If we can get $120,000,000 out of it as it
stands, free of all expenses, Senators need not
trouble themselves with the idea that we shall get
more money than we want. My only fear is, that
it will fall short of that, notwithstanding the ad-
ditions wehave made to it. Ifitdoes,anmcreased
tax upon spirits is left to us for the next session
of Congress, and my friend from Ohio, as well as
my friend from Rhode Island, both agree that in
six months hence we can venture to increase the
rate, and perhaps we can get something more than
is generally imagined out of the income tax. The
Secretary of the Treasury said that with some
modifications he thought we mightget $10,000,000
from the income tax. The Senator from Rhode
Island goes much higher. I believe that from the
income tax as it stands, as I would calculate it,
we can get at least $15,000,000, and I should not
be surprised if we got $20,000,000; but I think
that will be the outside of all that can be expected
from it. If the result falls somewhat short of my
calculations for the first year, I think we shall not
be much behindhand, as some considerable time
must elapse before we shall be called upon to pay
all the interest to be included in my estimate of
$180,000,000.
Mr.President,I am aware thatinstead ofspeak-
ing a few minutesj I have been talking over an
hour. My excuse to the Senate is that I have
labored so long and so hard upon this bill, and
thought so much about it, that, perhaps, I am
getting to be a little beyond my measure in rela-
tion to the matter, and do not know well what to
say, or how much it will do to say. 1 have
thought it necessary that, as the organ of the com-
mittee, and having so much to do with it, I should
say these words to the country, as not my opin-
ion alone, but, I hope, the opinion of the Senate,
almost unanimously. If, after the large majority
that the bill icceived in the House of Represent-
atives, after being indorsed by their judgment,
and if, after the long consideration we have given
to it here, it should come to pass that the Senate
should say that they have seen no other mode in
which they could lay a tax of this character upon
the people, to meet the wants of the Government,
that on the whole, they approve this as reason-
ably fair and reasonably wise, as much so as, per-
haps, could be expected under the circumstances,
I believe that our constituents will receive it from
us kindly, and will meet with stout hearts and
open hands the request that we make of them,
and be disposed to bear without murmuiing the
burden that is laid upon them by the necessity of
the times. I believe after all that has been said,
and strengthened by what I have seen in the course
of my investigations as to the feelingof those who
have presented themselves before us, there is the
best disposition everywhere to meet this matter
boldly, strongly, with stout hearts and calm minds,
and a willingness to take, as they have taken with
regaid to their childien and fiiends, this additional
burden upon them, and more, even, if the neces-
sities of the country require it at their hands.
Mr. President, I will detain the Senate no longer.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am somewhat surprised
that so much of the argument of the Senator from
Maine should have been addressed to mc. I am
not going to have any controversy with the Sen-
ator, but he seems to think that 1 have disagreed
with him in regard to almost everything about
this bill. I thought we agreed about almost every-
thing. He seems to think that I was for raising
entirely too much money. Now, I have paid par-
ticular attention to him, and I want him to listen
to some of my ciphering. I put down the Sena-
tor's itemsforan ordinary year as he stated them,
and what do they amount to ? ' He says I pro-
posed to raise too much when I wanted to get
$200,000,000.'
Mr. COLLAMER. Willthegentleman indulge
me one moment to make a motion that when the
Senate adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Monday
next?
Mr. SIMMONS. I give way for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entertained if there be no objection.
Mr. LATHAM. I object to the entertainment
of it now.
Mr. FOSTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from California that we are to sit as a court of
impeachment on Monday and it is necessary 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg my friend to let us
finish the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot now be entertained.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall only detain the Sen-
ate a few minutes. I put down every item the
Senator stated would be necessary for the ordi-
naiy administration of the Government, to see
how far I was out of the way in starting on a
basis of $200,000,000, which he said was too
high. His items were $50,000,000 for interest;
$35,000,000 for the civil list; $50,000,000 for the
Army; $25,000,000 for the Navy; $20,000,000 for
pensions, and $10,000,000 for the expenses of col-
lecting this revenue. Thatfoots up $190,000,000;
arid he says himself we ought to have a sinking
fund. That would leave only $10,000,000 for that
purpose; and we had a $10,000,000 sinking fund
when our debt was only $200,000,000 instead of
$1,000,000,000, as the Senator estimated. The
Senator says my figures were too large, I asked
for too much money, and yet when I take his
own items of expense, and deduct them from my
basis of revenue, there is but $10,000,000 left for
a sinking fund, which is precisely what wc used
to have when we had a debt of $200,000,000. That
is all I have to say on that part of the argument.
I do not think the Senator succecded very well in
his attempt to show that I was extravagant in my
estimate of the wants of the Government.
The Senator had a good deal to say about what
I expect to get from importations. He says we
are subject to commercial revulsions, and have
not got over the one that happened in 1857. I
can tell the Senator that we had so far got over it
in 1859 and 1860 that we imported more than we
ever did before; and those two years, 1859 and
1860, wiU outrank any two years in the history
of the Government in the amountof importations.
I expect that we shall get over this tiouble a great
deal sooner than the Senator does. 1 am more
hopeful than most people of my age, consider-
ing that I have met with so many mishaps or mis-
calculations, and I never found any difficulty in
owning up that I was mistaken when that was
the case. I prefer, and I should now prefer, to
raise this revenue from less objects of taxation;
but notwithstanding that, I have no idea of voting
against this bill because I preferred something
else. I am going to vote for the bill, and I am
going to try to make it as acceptable to the peo-
|j pie as I possibly can. I would lay the tax a little
ji differently, and I have been trying to get the Sen-
ate to put more on luxuries. There are only two
or three things that I wanted to alter. I thought
the community would bear a higher tax on those
two or three things if we struck out some of the
others. The stamp duty I do not like. I do not
know but that I have aprejudice againstallstamp
duties. I have seen them in operation. 1 have
been in business where I had to buy stamps, and
it is a vexatious, inconvenientplan to get money.
l| I would rather pay it in any other form. It may
jj possibly have one eilect, and if it does, I shall be
!| perfectly satisfied with it. It may make people
|; give fewer notes. I think it is the great curse of
jj the country that they give so many. Givingnotes
will be more expensive, of course, when stamps
