1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lias reminded us—as John duincy Adams re-
minded the generation of his time—of that beauti-
ful work of art m the other wing of the Capitol,
where the Muse of History, with faithful pen,
registei-s tlie transactions of each day, and lie
trusted that, over against the record of past dis-
loyalty, another page might beam with the just
judgment which followed. But there is another
work of art, famous as art itself, and proceeding
from its greatest master, which may admonish us
precisely what todo. Tlieancientsatrap Heliodo-
rus, acting in the name of a distant sovereign, had
entered that sumptuous temple dedicated to the
true God, where stood the golden candlesticks and
where hung the vail which was yet unrent, and pro-
fanely sought to reach the very altar itself, when
suddenly, at the intercession of the high priest,
an angelic horseman armed with thongs is seen
to dash the intruder upon the marble pavement
and to sweep him from the sacred presence. But
now that disloyalty, in the acknowledged name
of a distant traitor, intrudes into this sanctuary
of the Constitution, and insists upon sitting at
our aitar, surely there should be an indignant
chastisement as swift as the angclic horseman
that moves immortal in the colors of Raffaelle.
In vain do you seek to interpose considerations
of lenity or forbearance. The case does not allow
them. 1 know well the beauty and the greatness
of charity. For the Senator I have charity; but
there is a better charity due to the Senate, whose
solemn trusts are in jeopardy; and even if you
do not accept completely the saying of antiquity,
which makes duty to country the great charity
which embraces all other charities, you will not
deny that it is at least a commanding obligation,
by the side of which all that we owe to the Senator
is small. And, sir,do not forget—let the precious
example be present in your souls—that He who
has taught us the beauty and the greatness of
charity was the first who seized the thongs to
scourge the money-changers from the temple of
the Lord.
Mr. DAVIS. I interposed, Mr. President, to
make a personal explanation while the gentleman
from Massachusetts was addressing the Chair.
He denied ran that privilege. I do not complain
of it. I believe, in truth, that the habit in deliber-
ative assemblies of making explanations during
the pendency of a speech Tiad better be omitted
than observed; that persons who have occasion to
make them had better wait until the gentleman
who is speaking has concluded his remarks, and
then get upandmake them decorously, (believe
that, as an humble member of this body, I will
pursue that course in the future. I will now make
a remark or two in personal explanation.
I have been very much edified by the discourse
which the eloquent gentleman from Massachusetts
has just read us; and the magnificence with which
ho treads the buskin in his great and grandiloquent
sophomoric exhibitions here delights and edifies
me constantly; but the gentleman made one mis-
take, and you, sir, and the Senators, 1 think, will
bear me out in assuming that he did. I did not
say or assume the position that slavery was above
the Constitution; nor did I attempt, according to
my own comprehension ol my argument, so to
argue. All that I claimed, or attempted to claim,
for slavery was the protection which the Consti-
tution gives U; no more. I ask no more; and lam
satisfied, whatever may be the disposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts himself in relation
to that subject j that the Senate will be disposed to
accord that much to slavery and to slaveholders.
The gentleman shakes his imperial locks like a
Jove, and menaces death and destruction to sla-
very. i thank my stars that the gentleman is not
yet the Jove of this land, nor the Jove of this Sen-
ate either. There are minds as exalted and as cul-
tivated as his, and there are wills as patriotic and
as true to the Constitution and to the country as
his, and altogethei independent of his; and it is
to those minds that I appeal whenever a question
involving the interests of my constituents comes
up heie; not to the mind of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
I know, sir, what fate would await slavery if
he could speak the fiat. He is, however, but one
member of this body; and any law which this
body may pass upon that or upon any other sub-
ject, I know the Senate will be willing to submit
fairly and pioperly to the judicial tribunals of the
country, and will be willing to let it pass that
crucilffe to decide finally upon its validity. He
has intimated—1 cannot quote his language—that
the time will come when there will be a test upon
this subject in this body. Well, sir, I know that
I am the feeblest man in this House, with the
exception of the gentleman himself when he at-
tempts to bear down and circumvent the Consti-
tution to accomplish his purposes in relation to
slavery or anything else; but whenever he chooses
to essay that work, humble as I am, I shall be
ready to meet him in argument. The gentleman
himself introduced the subject of slavery the other
day, and I regretted it. 1 did not want U intro-
duced during this session of Congress in this
body, and I greatly deprecate and deplore that
it has been introduced.
He introduced it without my expecting it. If
I had supposed he was about to introduce it, I
should have made some preparation in the hope
of meeting him upon that question. But the gen-
tleman now having, like a gallant knight, thrown
down the glove, and I, an humble one, having
picked it up, whenever he chooses to discuss the
question of slavery in the lights of the Constitu-
tion, I give him notice that I shall be ready to
meet him.
The gentleman is deeply read in history, pro-
fane and sac red both, as he has exhibited upon
the present occasion, and as he always does ex-
hibit. In his reading in sacred history he might
have recollected an old character that they called
Goliah. He vaunted the whole host of Palestine,
and thought himself just as invincible as the gen-
tleman thinks himself to be. He came out with
his great sword and shield, and other arms, and
he bade defiance to the whole host of the Lord.
That old gentleman of antiquity was met, and he
was overcome. Now, I admonish the gentleman
not to be too confident, else he may find that his
fate and the fate of the old fellow will be about
the same.
Now all this is in good temper. I have great
personal rcspect for the honorable gentleman,
very great personal respect for him. 1 want the
subject of slavery, and every other subject treated
of in this Chamber, to be treated in a manner be-
coming the gravity and the importance of the
Senate. I know my inability to discuss that great
and complicated subject; but when the discussion
of it comes up, and I am asked whether I can
carve up an abolition creed, I can say, asColonel
.Miller said on the Canadian frontier," I can try,
and I will try."
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 24, noes 13. Aftar some time spent
in executive session, the doors were reopened,and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 4,1862.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved .
OFFICERS OF THE NEW REGIMENTS.
The SPE A KER laid before the House a commu-
nication fiom the Secretory of War transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
Representatives* requesting to be furnished with a
list of the commissioned officers appointed in the
n«*w regiments of the regular Army, showing the
respective States from which they have been ap-
pointed, the Army Register for the present year,
which gives the information required by the
House; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
EIGI1TY-NINTII NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives, asking why certain
volunteer regiments from New York, now m camp
in this city, have not been provided with arms, a
statement that a portion of the eighty-ninth New
York volunteers, the l egiment referred to, was for
a time without arms for the reason that there were
no arms in the arsenal which they were willing to
receive, but that since then a supply of Austrian
rifleR having been received the regiment has been
armed with them; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
BALINE IiANDS IN NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in answer to the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 20th ultimo, a re-
port of the Commissioner of the General Lat)d
Office, relative to saline lands in Nebraska; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the un&n-
imous consent of the House to have printed a sub-
stitute, which I propose to offer at the proper time,
on behalf of one half of the Committee of Ways
and Means, for the Treasury note bill now pend-
ing in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
DEFENSES OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent,pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Pennsylvania, relative to lake and river
defenses of that State; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
DETERIORATION OF SOILS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer a resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know what it ie.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask to have it read. No-
body will object to it.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas it is ot the first importance to the agricultural
interests of the United States to be possessed of the best in-
formation which the science and skill of the country can
command of the deterioration of the soils of the several
States from cultivation, and also of any remedies which
may be known to lessen or counteract such deterioration :
Therefore,
lU-solvctl, That the Commissioner of Patents be requested
to piocnre, and report to Congress, analysts of the arable
landsofthu United States, showing the percentage of prox-
imate organic and inorganic fertilizing elements contained
in their cultivated depth ; al?>o the aunual yield of the same
crop, on the same soil, liom the fir-tto the latest cultivation>
also the estimated amount of fertilizing material in crops
annually exported from the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that resolution.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on my motion.
The motion wasagieed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mal-
lory in the chair,) and resumed the consideration,
as a spocial order, of the bill of the House (No.
240) to authorize the issue of United States notes,
and for the redemption or funding thereof, and for
funding the floating debt of the United States; the
question being upon the amendment submitted by
Mr. Vallandioiiam.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
engaged as I have been upon other matters of at
least equal importance, I have not had the time to
prepare any elaborate speech; but the subject of
issuing $150,000,000 of paper currency ana mak-
ing it a Ic^al tender by the Governmentata single
hound—the precursor, as I fear, of a prolific brood
of promises no one of which is to be redeemed in
the constitutional standard of the country—could
not but arrest my attention, and, having strong
convictions of the impolicy of the measure, I
should feel that I utterly failed to discharge my
duty if I did not attempt to find a stronger prop
for our country to leon upon than this bill—a
measure not blessed by one sound precedent,and
damned by all.
I know the gentlemen who have had this meas-
ure m charge have bestowed upon it much time
and perplexing thought, and, from their thorough
knowledge of the subject and large acquaintance
with the monetaiy circles of the country, their
opinions will have great weight in this committee
—deservedly so-—and I shall only claim a candid
hearing in behalf of the substitute of the minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means, well know-
ing that we are all inflamed by the same zeal for
the triumphant success of our arms, the same so-
