1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
2611
are required, and I hope it may check people in
signing them.
On the whole, after thinking of two other plans,
one of taxing sales and one of putting higher taxes
on articles of luxury—some might call them vi-
cious indulgences, and I believe I have called
them so once or twice—I have concluded that, out
of respect to the labor bestowed by the House of
Representatives on this bill—for it was very great
labor—and out of respect to the opinions of Sen-
ators, I shall sustain the bill. I (lo not get up here
and dogmatize very much. If I hear good reasons
for doubting any conclusion of mine, I am quite
as willing to doubt it as those who hear mc state
it. I have thought that it was better not to amend
this bill materially, but to try it. 1 should like to
have an amendment made to have the income tax
put in operation the present year. I think we shall
need what we get from it, though I do not expect
a great deal from income this year. Whatever
estimates I made in my speech the other day
were based upon the ordinary condition of the
country, when peace exists, and when business
is carried on in the ordinary way. I go upon that
basis, because I think the present condition of the
country is exceptional, and I do not expect it to
last long. I expect to get through with it before
next year is out.
I have no manner of doubt that when we come
to that condition we shall get $100,000,000 from
the customs, and in order to show that I was
pretty nearly right in my estimate as to what is
generally received from the country, I may refer
to a statement which I have before me, showing
the amount of customs receipts in every poit
for the last five years. The total amount was
$352,000,000. Of that sum $836,000,000 was paid
in New York city, and $196,000,000 in other ports;
and, as I said before, takirvg those sums and di-
viding the New York amount by five, and the
other amount by three, it comes out even millions
It proves that the receipts at New York are five
eighths of the whole receipts. For the quarter
ending the 1st of April last, we collected in New
York city $11,500,000. We began with about
$3,000,000 a month, and when that quarter ended
we were getting $4,400,000 a month. In the seven
weeks after the 1st of April, when I got the esti-
mate the other day, it was over seven millions of
dollars, about a million a week, or $50,000,000 a
year, from New York alone, which would give
$80,000,000 for the whole country, provided it
was doing business. I think that is a safe esti-
mate, and I shall set that down. You may get
estimates from the other end of the avenue, or
from this Chamber, I do not care; but whenever
there is a re&toiation of the business of this coun-
try the bill that we passed a year ago last March
will yield $80,000,000 of revenue on an average,
and I expect that the bill which the other House
will soon pass will put on about twenty millions
of dollars more, and give us $100,000,000. They
will have to put $20,000,000 more on to compen-
sate for what they are taking out of us m another
form, and I have no doubt they will do it.
Now, I believe as a Senator that I have a per-
fect right to make propositions of amendment to
any bill that comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives; but at the same time 1 respect the la-
bors of a committee and when a plan has been ma-
tured by a committee, and passed by the other
House, I would notalter it unless I saw some very
great defect in it. I believe this bill is particularly
hard on the interests of my section, New England,
inasmuch as it puts one tax upon cotton and an-
other upon manufactures, thereby doubling the
tax. 1 think, however, we can bear it, and I do
not know but that we ought to bear more than an
ordinary share. I tlunk we could bear it better in
the shape of an income tax than any other form;
but I shall vote for this bill with the hope and be-
lief that with it and the impostduties we shall get
more than two hundred millions of dollars the
very next year. That is what I believe, and I
think we shall find good use for the money if we
get more than we need.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 37, nay 1;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Drowning, Carlile, ('Handler,
Claik, Ooilninet, Cowan, Davis, Di\-on, Doohttlc, Fe^cn-
don Fool, Fixer, (iilines, Hale, Harlan, Hams, Howani,
Howe, Kins, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDougall, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Rice, Simmons, Stark, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull. Wade, Willey, Wiimot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright—37.
NAYS—Mr. Powell—1.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
yeas 28, nays 10; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Biownins, Carlile, Chandler, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Doolitlle, font, Poster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Hants, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana,
McDougall, Moniii, Pomeioy, Powell, Simmons, Stark,
Suinner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilinot, and Wilson, of Massa-
chusetts—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Dixon, Fessenden,
Latham, Nesmitli, Rice, Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wright
—10.
So the motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 6, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONDUCT OF GOVERNOR STANLY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the House of the 2d instant, a report
from the Secretary of War in relation to the au-
thority and action of Hon. Edwaid Stanly, mil-
itary Governor of North Carolina; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
J'ltANCIS HUTTMANN.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be Senate bill No. 251, for the relief
of Francis Huttmann, which, on the last private
bill day, was reported from the Committee on
Commeice with a substitute, on which the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Sheffield] was
entitled to the floor.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized to reexamine the claim of Fran-
cis Hiittmann for alleged losses sustained by the
detention of the hark Callao at San Francisco, in
1848, by the act of the collector of that port, and
extend such relief as he may be entitled to, ac-
cording to the terms prescribed in section four of
the act "to create additional collection distiicts in
California, and changing the existing collection
districts therein, and modifying the existing col-
lection districts in the United States," approved
September 28, 1850, provided nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to authorize the payment
of any speculative or consequential damages.
The substitute was read, as follows,
That the Secretary of the Tieasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, in his discretion, to take action m legaicl to Hie
claim of Francis HUttmann,for losses sustained by the al-
leged detention of the bark Callao, at San Francisco, in
1848, by the act of the collector of that poit, according to
the tenns prescribed ill section four of the act '■ to create
additional collection distiicts m the State of California,
and changing the existing collection districts therein, and
modifying the existing collection dislucts m the United
States." "approved September 28, 1830: Provided, That
nothing ill this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the payment of any speculative or consequential damages.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a report accom-
panying this bill, I would like to have it lead.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. There does not seem to be
any report. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it was my
misfoitune to differ from a majority of the com-
mittee in the recommendation which they have
madeto the House on this subject. Itseems to me
that it ought not to pass for two reasons; first, it
does not seem to me to be necessary for Congress
to pass a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to review any of its decisions; that it
is perfectly competent for that Department of the
Government to reopen the decision of the De-
partment on this claim if it thinks proper, and to
investigate and pass upon its merits.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. We have mot heard
the gentleman, and I hope he will repeat what he
has said. • , - , -
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The first objection, it
seems to me, to this claim is, that it is not n'eces-
sary to pass an act of Congress to authorizethe
Secretary of the Treasury to open and review his
own decision, for that matter is within the control
of the Department, and that there is no necessity
for Congress to interpose to the end that the case,
may be considered.
The second reason why it seems to me that it
ought not to pass is, because the claim itself is not
itself a meritorious one. This claimant comes
here and alleges that he loaded the bark Callao at
some port in Chili, and arrived at San Francisco
on the 8th of August, 1848; that at that time he
was entitled to have his vessel entered at that port.
But the acting collector of the port refused, as he
says, unjustly and illegally, to permit the vessel
to be entered and the cargo to be discharged, and
that his vessel was delayed thirty days before he
was enabled to unload his cargo; that in the mean
time other cargoes arrived, and in consequence,
he lost a large amount from the loss of market and
depreciation in the value of his goods. He there-
fore claims that the Government should reimburse
him for the amount of his loss to the extent of
something over one hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. What did the gen-
tleman say the amount of the claim was ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I understand the claim is
made out for unliquidated dfimages to be something
more than one hundred thousand dollars, but the
chairman of the committee suggests that that is not
really the amount claimed.
Mr. ELIOT. Witluhepermissionof my friend,
I will state that the original claim presented cov-
ered not only the actual amount of loss sustained
in dollars and cents, but also covered unliquidated
damages—all that has been discontinued; and the
claim now is not for any unliquidated damages,
but simply for the amount actually lost in money.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. How much is that?
Mr. ELIOT. As I understand, the party claims
to have lost between thirty and forty thousand
dollars. But I want to say, just here, that the
question now before us does not at all involve the
justness of the claim. I will say that the Com-
mittee of Commerce have been very careful not to
commit themselves at all as to the justness of the
claim. Personally, I believe that Mr. Huttmann
has a claim that is just and equitable, and also
legal, but the committee were not disposed to lend
their aid to the passage of a bill which should
commit Congress, or commit themselves. The
Committee on Commerce of the House being ap-
prehensive that some inference might be drawn,
if the bill passed as it came from the Senate, that
the committee themselves were disposed to favor
the claim, reported back the bill with a substitute,
so that no inference whatever could be drawn.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It is necessary for us to
have a few facts and dates in order to correctly un-
derstand this matter. The port of San Francisco
was conquered by the arms of the United States in
1846. Shortly afterwards the Government of the
United States had military possession of Upper
California. Early in 1847—and I desire the atten-
tion of members of the House, and especially of
legal gentlemen, to this fact—the President of the
United States, as the constitutional Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, authorized the
military and naval commanders of the United
States forces in California to exercise the bellig-
erent rights of a conqueror, and to form a civil and
military govsrnixicnt for that concjucrcd countiyi
"1. On the 20th of October, 1847, Colonel Mason, still
styiin® himself Governor of California, issued an order say-
in"- that 'reccnt instructions from the Pie&idont of the
United States made the officers of the Army and Navy the
collectors of the customs in California.' The arrangement
was made accordingly.
'•'This was the state of things up to the 3d of February,
1848, the first epoch mentioned by the plaintiffs in their
prayers to the court. The war tanff was collected by offi-
cers of the Army and Nuvy.
<^2. On the 3d of Februaiy, lb48, a treaty of peace was
signed between the United States and Mexico, the ratifica-
tions of which were exchanged on the 30th of May ensuing.
Some alteiations were made m tins mode of collecting the
revenue during the second period of time, namely, between
the 3d of February, 1848, and the 3d o{ March, 1849, which It
is necessary to notice.
