APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 29,
S3bS
3tWi C5M....2d Sess.
Frauds oil iJi& Treasury—Mr. Salman.
Ho. of Reps.
-Mr.HOLMAN. If it be buta single question,
X will yield. ,
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman says there
was  o necessity for this appointment. I want to
ask him whether he recollects the time when this
appointment was made?
Mr.. HOLMAN. . Oh yes, sir.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman has re-
ferred td the officer who then had charge of the
nayy-yard at New York. I would like to know
whether, at that same time, the officer who had
charge of the Washington navy-yard, Captain
BUflhanan, was not believed to be as good and
loyal a man as any in the Union ? And yet, had
it not i>ee_n for Captain Dahlgren, this yard would
have gone into the hands of the enemy. The
Government did not know whom to trust. That
was the necessity for the appointment of Mr.
Cammings.
Mr. HOLMAN. Everybody knows with what
embarrassments the Government was surrounded
at that time. The committee fully appreciated
what was due to the Secretary of War, as well as
to Alexander Cummings, in connection with that
fact, and has based its report on the state of facts
to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania refers.
But the committee did not question the integrity
of Daniel D. Tompkins or Commodore Breese;
Rfld the fact that the Secretary of War should
have appointed Alexander Cummings to perform
the duties which properly devolved on them, was
an assault on their integrity and loyalty.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 am very sotry that they
deemed it an assault upon them, while there were
so many men in the country in whom there was the
most unlimited confidence who proved disloyal.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman charge
or insinuate that Daniel D. Tompkins, whose
head is whitened with the frost of years spent in
his country's service, and Ma jor Eaton, and Com-
modore Breese, whose lives have been passed in
the service of their country, and whose names are
untarnished, wore suspected of disloyally to the
Government?
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir. I made no such
charge. 1 only said that it was a time when it
Was necessary to know whowcre loyal before they
we're intrusted with large sums of money.
Mr. HOLMAN. And Alexander Cummings
Was to bo trusted, while men who had spent then-
lives in the service were (o have their fair fame
traduced through 1 lie implied suspicion of theSec-
feiary of War.
Mr. Ml>01111 F.A 0. And how long had Cap-
tain Buchanan Uvu in the service of the country,
■and Commodore JYleCmiioy, and those other offi-
cers who failed to lake the Meirimac, as ordered,
out ol the -'lutein's of the enemy!'
Mr. HOLMAN. There have been many in-
stances ofdialoyatty certainly, but I ask my fiiend
from Pennsylvania whether he intends to suggest
•& suspicion against the loyalty of either of the
three veteran officers connected with the War De-
partment in the city of New York?
Mr. MOORl-IEAD. No; but I intend to cast
on the resolutions censuring men for
doing their duty at that time, and I hope that the
House and the nation will put its condemnation
on those resolutions.
Mr.HOLMAN. Weshallsee. I ask for the
reading of these extracts from General Wool's let-
ter, written almost at the time when these events
occurred, not so remote as that the intervening
tunem^u have obscured the transaction.
1 he Clerk read as follows;
''The Genera.i, dehors at toe Selection.—bv ex-
Jimmalion "t secretary Oariieron'sletter to Alexander Oiim-
•' iu,v'" Pfrceivod that a civilian was charged
T,. fr a" Mm""m ""tics that properly belonged to thu
l,'f ehy or New York, namclv,
Colonel 0. 0. I'omp'cnH.n^htnm quartermaster eeneial";
Major Eaton, commissary olsubsisteucc; ami Maior Thorn-
ton, ot ordnance ; all cap,,1,1c, efficient/ami prompt In the
discharge ol ovory duty required of them, and under my
orders performed the duties assigned to Mr. Cummings.''
.'houfd Mr. Cummings be employed, when we had
fitaff officers to peilorm the duties required ofluin?"
Mr. HOLMAN. That letter bears date 24th of
July. Shortly after the happeningof these events
and so near to them that the emergency could not
have passed out of the old general's mind, Gen-
eral Wool—will any man question his loyalty? 
made the inquiry why this civilian was appointed
to perform these duties. The whole country has
asked the same question. The House has asked
it. Everybody has regarded it as a strange' and
mysterious transaction. It is strange and mys-
terious.
But, one step further. Alexander Cummings
is not the real man before the House. Nobody
proposes to censure him. I trust my friend from
Pennsylvania will not be too sensitive on that point.
Alexander Cummings has been pressed forward
into this contest, just as he was made use of by the
late Secretary of War. He is sought to be thrust
in between the late Secretary of War and the proper
censure of this House. Who is Alexander Cum-
mings? Why docs his name become prominent
here? Not because the committee has proposed
any action in relation to him, but because it has
proposed to censure the late Secretary of War for
employingaman, wholly irresponsible and incom-
petent, with authority for the performance ofgrave
public duties, and for placing at his disposal vast
sums of money, while there were honest, upright,
and loyal officers ofthe Government duly empow-
ered to perform those very duties, and whom long
years of experience had eminently qualified to
perform them. That is the ground on which this
resolution stands; and neither my friend from
Pennsylvania nor any other gentleman can divert
the country from the real issues. It is not Alex-
ander Cummings that is to be subjected to the
censure of the House, but it is the Secretary of
War who employed lum for a sinister purpose for
duties for which he knew he was incompetent.
But, Mr. Speaker, by means the most remark-
able, Alexander Cummings has been thrust for-
ward. I hold in my hand a pamphlet brought
before the House by the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kellev,] a few days ago, in the
absence of the committee. It is a most remark-
able document. I have asked the question who
Alexander Cummings is, and am unable to an-
swer. We heard in 1856 that there were two Gen-
eral Fremonts,and we have heard within the last
few days that there are two Sacchis—this debate
has made the name famous. And so I undertake
to say that the only way to explain certain am-
biguities in connection with Dr. Alexander Cum-
mings, is by presuming that there are two of them.
It became a matter of some importance to ascer-
tain, by order of the House, who furnished the
cargo to the steamer Cntaline, in connection with
which the first great fraud upon the country was
committed. Alexander Cummings testified, with-
out hesitation, on very full examination, that he
knew nothing at all about it. And yet, when
Commodore Breese came to be examined he fur-
nished a letterfrom Alexander Cummings, which
appears ill this .report, showing that he himself
had purchased the articles with which the steamer
Cataline was loaded. And yet, sir, marvelously
enough, this same Alexander Cummings has at-
tempted to arraign the committee before the House
for doing him injustice in reference to the Cata-
line—and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
ICelley] has done the same tiling.
Again: he slates in his testimony, under oath,
that all he expended out of #2,000,000 was
$250,000; and now he states in this pamphlet that
the amount expended was $390,000, Is it the
same Alexander Cummings ? He says distinctly
iiro'noo8"?011"1' wil!cil 'le himself expended was
^ibU.UUO; but according to his statement, made
in the presence of the House and of the country,
through the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] it was $221,734 40—a difference of over
sixty thousand dollars. Again he says the amount
of money expended under hisdirection by Blatch-
ford was $90,000; and now he comes and lays be-
fore the House a statement that the amount re-
ceived by Blatchford and expended was £164.000
—a difference of $74,000. Which of these state-
ments are we to believe? For I perceive there is
astrong sympathy for Alexander Cummings u pon
the part of many gentlemen. He has been inde-
fatigable. Winch statement is to be believed; his
statement under oath, or his letter, which has been
read in the House?
Because this committee had said to the House
and to the country that these accounts have never
in lllifp- ii' we,have b/?n the subjects of censure
tJu ? ? °.ut "• What are the facts ?
1 hey show that Alexander Cummings allowed
his accounts to go without even presenting them
for settlement at the War Department for seven
months after he had used this money. They show
that his vouchers were not filed at the War De-
pal tment until December, seven months after his
last purchases were made.
But, again—and I am glad the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is now in his seat—
I understood the gentleman to state, most dis-
tinctly, that the accounts of Alexander Cummings
had all been settled atthe War Department. Now,
permit me to say, in a single word, that no single
voucher has been presented by Mr. Cummings at
the quartermaster's department or the commis-
sary department of the General Government for
the settlement of one dollar of these expenditures.
I learn that the Secretary of War, in December
last, referred these papers to the Third Auditor of
the Treasury, who reported them hack with the
statement that he could not settle these accounts;
that there was no evidence that this property pur-
chased had gone to the use of the Government.
The honest, incorruptible Third Auditor of the
Treasury therefore refused to pass these vouchers.
I admit that after this was done, on the 17th
day of January I think it was, after Simon Cam-
eron had been removed from his trust as Secre-
tary of War, and was temporarily acting as such,
while waiting for his successor to be confirmed,
he seized upon that interval to direct the Third
Auditor of the Treasury to settle these accounts
upon the basis of the vouchers filed, to save his
instrument, without any reference to the question
whether the property purchased had gone to the
benefit of the Government or not. There has been
no settlement of these accounts in the manner re-
quired by law and the usages of the Department.
And I say distinctly, that there is not before the
House or upon the records of the War Depart-
ment, a panicle of evidence that any portion of
this amount of $390,000 ever inured to the benefit
of the Army, either in the shape of supplies fur-
nished, or in any way, shape, or form.
But there is another fact about it—and I am
stating my belief upon the record, and not upon
any mere suspicion or uncertain evidence. I be-
lieve that Mr. Cummings was placed in that posi-
tion with a view of allowing other men to control
this whole matter; for it is a singular fact that
after this arrangement was made, Mr, Cummings
seems to have done nothing personally. He did
not see a single article delivered. They were
purchased for him by his clerk, who was never
known to him until introduced by Mr. Thurlow
Weed, who recommended him for that position.
After that, in every stage of the proceedings in
these remarkable transactions, Thurlow Weed
seems to have cropped out naturally at every point
as the master spirit in controlling the events.
It will be remembered that when the steamer
Cataline was to be cleared, Mr. Stetson, the ap-
parent owner of that famous vessel, stated that
her cargo .belonged to his friends; but Hiram
Barney, the collector at the port of New York, a
cautious and prudent man, believing that all was
not right, refused to clear the steamer; but Thur-
low Weed, to meet the emergency,assures the col-
lector that the vessel belonged to the Government.
It was a strange circumstance in connection with
the purchase of the Cataline; it left the fair in-
ference that the vessel was laden by private par-
ties, although chartered by the Government, and
intended to be ran into the Chesapeake bay at the
expense of the Government, for the purpose of
private speculation, to be consummated under the
noise and tumult and excitement of the times a
pnvate speculation! Then Thurlow Weed is on
hand to conduct the negotiations for the transfer
or the cargo of the Cataline to the Government,
for, in connection with John E. Devehn, a sachem
of old Tammany Hall, and G. C. Davidson, and
O. B. Matteson, the Cataline was purchased on
speculation immediately prior to her transfer to
the Government,
Now, sir, I believe I have said all I desire to
say about Alexander Cummings and his trans-
actions, except this—when the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] at-
tempted to convict this committee of fraud, in
having misstated the purport of a note which
Alexander Cummings attached to his testimony
relative to the $140,000, he must have known
