2612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
On We 20th of July, 1648, Colonel Mason, still calling
WmsHf Governor of California, issued a number of regula-
tions-for the government of the custom-house, among which
the following two may be mentioned:
i( 14. If any master of a vessel shall be detected in land-
ing, oratternptingtoiand3anywherein California, atiygoods
or merchandise, Without permit from a collector, he shall
be fined for every such offense in the sum of $500, and the
goods or merchandise so landed, orattempted to be landed,
and the boat or boats through which such landing is ef-
fected orattempted, shall be seized, forfeited, and sold by
the nearest collector.
."' 5, If any person or persons other than the master of a
vessel shall be detected in landing, or attempting to land,
.Anywhere in California, any goods or merchandise, vvithout
permitfrom a collector, he or they shah be fined in the suui
of #100, and the goods or merchandise so landed, or at-
tempted to be landed, and the boat or boats through which
such landing is effected or attempted, shall be seized, for-
feited, and sold by the nearest collector.'
." 6- On the7th of August, 1848, a proclamation was issued
to the people of California, by R« B. Mason, the Governor,
announcing the ratification of the treaty of peace, by which
Upper California was ceded to the United States.''
On the 13th of November, 1849j.Collector Col-
lier entered upon the duties of his office at San
Francisco.
Now, in 1850, or some time subsequent to that,
an act was passed the policy of which I do not
now purpose to discuss, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to examine into claims made by
persons for damages they had sustained by means
of any irregularities or improprieties of conduct
of the collector of customs of the port of San
Francisco. It was the act of September 28,1850,
and the proviso to the fourth section reads as fol-
lows:
e< Provided, That where any vessels or ships, or any goods,
wares, and merchandise qjay have been subjected to seiz-
ure or confiscation or detention bv any officer of the cus-
toms in the collection district of Upper California, or tha
district of Oregon, prior to the passage of this act, and it
shall bu made to appear to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of the Treasury that the owner or owners of any such ships
orvessels,or the owner orowners or importers of any such
goods, wares, and merchandise, has or have sustained dam-
ages or loss by reason of any improper seizure, confiscation,
or detention thereof, the said Secretary is hereby author-
ized to extend such relief in the respective cases as lie may
deem ju&t and pioper."
It is under that statute that this claimant alleges
that he is entitled to recover from the Government
for the damages sustained by means of this thirty
days' detention by the military Governor of Cali-
fornia. It was contended by persons similarly
situated as the claimant is, that the military Gov-
ernor had no risjht, and that the President, a3
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, had no right
to extend these laws or to collect at all any rev-
enue at the port of San Francisco at this time,
while it was under military authority. That ques-
tion was brought before the Supreme Courtof the
United States, and was there passed upon; and
the authority of the President was sustained.
That is a docision of very great importance, it
seems to me, and it bears with overwhelming force
upon the decision of important questions which
are now being presented to this Congress and to
the people of the country.
This claimant arrived at San Fraricisco without
the necessary certificate upon his invoice, as re-
quired by law, from the consul of the port from
which the vessel sailed. I submit that it was
within the discretion of the military collector and
the military Governor of California whether they
would permit this person to enter his vessel at all,
under any circumstances. He could not, under
a military government, assort it as a right; and it
was a matter of discretion addressing itself to the
military government which was then-and there
established. Especially was it at the discretion
of the military Governor, when this claimant did
not comply with one of the conditions which en-
titled him to unload his cargo at any port in the
United States at that time, to wit, that he had not
the certificate of the consul of the place from which
the vessel sailed, upon the invoice of the cargo
which was on board the vessel which he then
sought to have unladen.
I understand that the duty of a military gov-
ernor, when he enters into a conquered territory,
is to execute the local laws of that territory so far
as it is consistent with the authority of a con-
queror, and with the military and civil objects of
the conquering government-, and neither the local
law nor the authority of the United States required
that Go vernor Mason should permit this person to
enter his cargo at the time he arrived there unless
he complied with the conditions and regulations set
forth by the military authority. No person had
a righ,t to unload a cargo, as I have shown by one
of the regulations which I have already read, until
he obtained a permit from the military collector.
Now, one of the provisions of the law was that
he should have this certificate from the consul. I
do not attach any great consequence to that fact,
because I say that it was in the sound discretion
of the military government there to say whether
they would permit this man to enter his vessel or
not, independent of that fact, and that it was no
hardship at all to this claimant that he was not
permitted to enter his vessel. He knew the state
of things that existed there. It was virtually a
state of war. There was a military government
there, a government organized for a state of war.
It is true that the state of war had subsided, and
it was in that uncertain condition of things that
always succeeds a state of war that he ran the
risk of having his cargo entered. If it had been
entered when he arrived he could have made
money; if he lost money, why he must pocket
the loss. Certainly it was no fault of the Govern-
ment of the United States that he was not per-
mitted to enter his cargo there at that time, be-
cause the collection laws, as I have already shown,
were not put in operation by the civil authorities,
except by the military authorities, until the 13th
of November, 1849.
My friend and colleague from Massachusetts
says that the merits of the claim ate not involved
here. That is true in a certain sense. It is only
proposed to refer the matter to the Secretary of
the Treasury. It has been before the Secretary
of the Treasury once, and has been passed upon
adversely by him, and I think justly, because he
construed the words of the act of 1850—and they
evidently can admit of no other construction—to
apply only to detentions caused by the civil au-
thorities.
This, sir, is a question of great importance,
because if the principle upon which this claim
rests is allowed, it may be drawn into a prece-
dent, and may involve this Government to the
extent of millions of dollars hereafter.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island whether the same ques-
tion is not likely to be presented in scores, if not
hundreds of times, within the next twelve months ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. That is precisely the fact
which I was about stating. This case will be
drawn into a precedent for the purpose ofinvolv-
ing this Government hereafter in the expenditure
of millions of dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Rhode Island to the pro-
vision in the fourth section of the act of 1850
upon this subject. I ask that it may be read at
the desk, and then I will ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island why this claim cannot be properly
adjusted under that law by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not yield for that
purpose, because 1 have already read the sec-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman read it, it
was read at a time when the attention of but few
members was called to it.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. If the gentleman desires
it to be read, I will give way for that purpose.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Sec. A. Jlnd be itfinther enacted, That in all cases of
fine, penalty, or forfeituie mentioned and embraced in the
act entitled ' An act to piovidc for mitigating or remitting
the forfeitures, penalties, and disabilities acciuing in cer-
tain cases therein mentioned,5 or m any act in addition to
or amendatory of said act, that have oceuired or may oc-
cur in the collection districts in the State oft'alitorma and
Territory of Oregon, the Secretary of the Treasmy be, and
lie is hereby, authouzed, if, in his opinion, the said fine,
penalty,or forfextuie was incurred without willful negli-
gence or intention of fraud, to prescube such iuIcs and mode
of pioceeding to ascertain the facts, as, in ins opinion, may
be convenient and proper, without regard to the provisions
of the act above reierred to; and upon the said facts so to
be ascertained, as aforesaid, the said Secretary may exer-
cise all the power conferred upon him in and by said act,
as fully as he might have done had said facts been ascer-
tained under and according to the provisions of said act:
Piovided, That where any ships or vessels, or any goods,
watCto, and meichandisc, may have been subjected to seiz-
uie or confiscation, or detention bv anv officer of the cus-
toms in the collection distuetof Upper California or the
district of Oiegon, prior to the passage of this act, aud it
shall be made to appeal, to the satisfaction of the Seerctaiy
of the Treasury, that the ownei or owners of any such ships
or vessels, or the owner orowners or importers of any such
goods, wares, andmutchaudlsa, hasoi have sustained dam-
age or Joss by reason of any inriproperseizure,confiscation,
or detention thereof, the said Secretary is hereby author-
ized to extend such relief in the respective cases as he may
deem just and proper."
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, ifthisisafairand just
claim against the Government, I ask the gentle-
man why it cannot be adjusted under that pro-
vision?
Mr. ELIOT. I think my friend from Rhode
Island will allow me to answer that question, be-
cause I am in favor of the bill and my friend is
not. As the law now stands* it would seem that
the Secretary of the Treasury might have the
power to examine this claim, but the difficulty is
this: while Mr. Secretary Cobb was conducting
the affairs of the Treasury Department, Mr. Hiitt-
mann made his claim, which was examined by
the chief clerk of the Treasury Department, Mr,
Jones. It was reported against upon a ground
which the Supreme Court of the United States
subsequently declared not to be correct in law.
Being reported against upon an incorrect ground
of law, the merits of the claim have never been
inquired into. Now, when Mr. Hiittmann, under
this Administration, made another claim at the
Treasury Department, under the act of 1850, he
was met with a rule of the Department which
operates upon them preventing them from reopen-
ing claims which have once been reported on ad-
versely by a previous administration unless Con-
gress authorizes the claim to be reopened. That
is a rule of the Department; and we found upon
inquiry at the Department that they regard them-
selves as bound by it; and, therefore, they say
that this claim ofMr. Hiittmann, having been re-
ported upon, cannot be reopened unless special
authority is given.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to know
whether that report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury decided that this case did not come within the
provisions of the act of 1850?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; I have it in my hand.
The only question now is, whether Mr. Hiittmann
shall have his case examined into, whether it is
just or unjust.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I take issue
with my friend and collcagU3 on the committee.
I do not agree that this decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury was made on a mistake of facts
or of law. It does not so appear by the record.
I know it is said that they have got, since then,
some certificate from Mr. Jones, but I do not like
those certificates that go to contradict affidavits.
I do not think this House will attach a great deal
of force to any such certificate when it contradicts
the official acts of a sworn officer. Now, the de-
cision of the Supreme Court does not at all mili-
tate against the view of this case which I have
taken, and which I have thus far submitted to the
House, but it is in precise consonance with it, as I
understand it. The report shows that the reason
why the claim was not allowed was that it was
within the discretion of the military Governor to
say whether he would or would not permit this
vessel to enter, that he exerciscd this discretion,
and that no person could complain of the manner
in which he exercised it as being arbitrary. My
friend from Massachusetts says that the merits of
the case are not now under consideration. I sub-
mit that they are now under consideration. The
Secretary of the Treasury having passed upon
this matter, the moral effect of Congress opening
it again will be to say to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, "you have acted unjustly in this matter,"
and Congress has concluded to reverse the decis-
ion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will my friend from
Rhode Island agree to have the substitute read
which the Committee on Commerce has reported.
The idea was to prevent any such inference being
drawn.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The substitute has been
read already, and I shall not take up the time of
the House in having it read again.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish my friend would
be kind enough to have it read to the House.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. If my friend desires it, I
will.
The substitute was again read.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The conclusion, Mr.
Speaker, which I stated just now I still adhere
to. The moral effect of the passage of this act
will be to reverse the decision of the Secretary of
the Treasury. It will carry upon its face the con-
clusion that Congress is not satisfied with the ac-
