630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
licitude for the honor and welfare of the people
who mean to live and die under the flag of our
Union, and that we can have butone wish, which
is that the best plan shall be adopted.
Let no one suppose-tha^I imagine the country
will be ruined—however calamitous I might re-
gard the passage of this bill—whether one partic-
ular measure is adopted or rejected. This Gov-
ernment is, thank God! too strongly intrenched
in the hearts of the people not to be able to with-
stand more than one disaster, or more than one
blunder. But it is a time when it might be par-
donable morality almost to say that 44 a blunder
is worse than a crime.3'
We are urged by the gentleman from New York
to pass this bill as " a war measure"—" a meas-
ure of necessity;" and to enforce this idea he gives
you the figures of our probable requirements if
the war should be prolonged until July 1, 3863.
Sir, I have no expectation of being required to
support a war for that length of time. The ice
that now chokes up the Mississippi is not more
sure to melt and disappear with the approaching
vernal season, than arc the rebellious armies upon
its banks when our western Army shall break
from its moorings, and, rushing with the current
to the Gulf, baptize as it goes m blood the people
to a fresher allegiance. At the same time the men
of the East will only ask for an opportunity to
cross bayonets with the chivalry—to leave epi-
thets and try what virtue there is in steel! That
hour is approaching, and I have no fear df the
result.
" Fly swifter round ye wheels of time V>
We can closc this war by the 30th day of July
next as well as in thirty years. Let us second
Geneial MeCIellan for " a short and sharp" con-
flict. By so doiug we shall economize both blood
and Treasury notes.
If this paper money is " a war measure," it is
not waged against the enemy, but one that may
well make him grin with delight. I would as soon
provide Chinese wooden guns for the Army ay
paper money alone foi the Treasiuy.
What is it that we moat need ? Clearly we lack
money, and wish to inspire our own people with
that confidence that will induce them to lend the
requisite amount. But the very first step we pro-
pose is one to destroy whatever of confidence yet
remains among those who have a dollar to lend.
We proclaim Ly an engraved advertisement—to
be forced into the pocket of every man by the fiat
of the Government—that we will hereafter liqui-
date all our debts with paper only. With such a
stamp on our forehead, it cannot bo cxpectcd that
we shall find either patriotism or selfishness here-
after prompting anybody to volunteer to take a
single bond more of the United States. Some un-
happy contractor may be caught, and forced to
accept in payment of existing debts the ill-starred
notes find bonds, to be disposed of as fancy stocks
for the most they will bnnj ; but, profiting by ex-
perience, no contractor will be caught the second
time without securing an ample margin to enable
him to deal at last with the Jews on the Rialto.
When the bonds of the same Government can be
had, with same rate of interest, and the same time
to run, for less than ninety cents on the dollar,
and be paid for in bank paper worth three and a
half per cent, less than par, it requires a stretch
of the imagination to see anybody walking up to
our worthy Secretary of the Treasury and tender-
ing one hundred cents on the "dollar for just the
same thing.
By making our notes a legal tender, we make
them better for the moment than we can make our
bonds, and men might be willing to exchange bonds
for the notes; but notes for bonds never, with no
surety of anything better than notes twenty years
hence. Twenty years' bonds, at six per cent,
interest, cannot be disposed of at par.
If, by the provisions of this bill", we cut our-
selves off from all other resources, it is to be con- j
sidered how much could be realized from this, in I
my judgment, the weakest resource within our ;
grasp, which is the power of a bank of issue, with- j
out any capital, and not even specie enough to [
tender the odd change. It is an experiment to in- i
ject, by a governmental force-pump, into the arte- :
ries of commerce a new currency when the arte- |
ries are already filled. The whole'bank circulation 1
of the United States, in 1860, was $207,102,477. j
That of the rebel States was $50,647,028, leaving j
for the loyal States $156,455)449. j
But at this time, in consequence of the diminu-
tion of all business except that nourished by the
war, the bank circulation is over $20,000,000 less,
or about §136,000,000. I admit that we can drive
some considerable share of this home upon the
banks, and substitute that of the notes of the Uni-
ted States in its place. But how meager the re-
sult, could we even displace the whole, compared
with the magnificent proportions of our wants!
These banks, however, already hold in round
numbers nearly §100,000,000 of United States se-
curities. If in addition to this we compel them
to redeem their bills now circulating as currency,
we compel them to collect their notes receivable
or part with their dead and I might add crucified
loans to the Government. Their customers are to a
huge extent composed of their own stockholders.
Of course it is easy to see what part of their assets
will be melted down and realized first. The Gov-
ernment stocks would be thrown upon the market,
and the downward tendency of public credit could
not be airestcd. The competition in the market
between the Government, avowing its poverty
and imbecility, and those who have divided their
last crust to support the Government would be
sharpened by mutual disappointment, and a dis-
trust would be created that no subsequent meas-
ures could wholly lemove.
It is pretended that as the whole United States
are holuen for the redemption of these notes they
must be good, and will, therefore, pass at par,
especially if made a legal tender. Never was a
greater fallacy. The United States are abund-
antly able to meet all the vast exigencies of this
war, to pay all liabilities, only put them into the
proper form. It cannot be done on demand, and
it is a fiction to pretend to do so. They must be
funded until the means can be accumulated for
their redemption. As a mere currency no more
of them can be used than enough to fill the de-
mands of commerce. That measure is the extent
they will go, and it is clear and well defined.
Even when they were redeemed in specie, and
stood at par all over the country, the Government
succeeded in circulating but $27,000,000 of the \
$50,000,000 authorized; and of these the banks j
had received and held $7,000,000. It ns thus nppa- !
rent that $20,000,000 is about all that would be j
absorbed by the country, or kept afloat, in the ]
present condition of monetary affairs, without the ;
intervention of congressional omnipotence in mak- ■
mg them a legal tender. If so made, they would I
to the extent they are tendered for public dues be
a forced loan; and to the extent of the difTeience
between their current value and that of standard
coin, it would be a breach of public faith. It is
true that the measure might be hailed with de-
light by bankrupts; and, if the bill passes, my
friendfrom New York [Mr. Conkung] no longer
needs to press his banki uptcy law, for they would
have no occasion to go into chancery in order to
scab; and settle oif with their creditors, as " legal
tender" would soon be offered at lates entirely
within their means. I subiTm, however, that this
class is not the one for Government to rely upon
for huge assistance in the way of hoarding and
holding Treasury notes.
Mr. Chairman, I object to this bill on the
ground, as I conceive, of its utter impolicy. I
admit that fiom the contracts entered into—many
of which, now due, I regret have not been paid as
promptly as they deserved to be, and lrum the
heavy monthly disbursements to our Army, that
the Government can flood the country with even
one hundred and fifty millions of paper dollars.
But from that moment you would vastly increase
the cost of cariying on the war; prices would go
up, and the addition we should pile upon our na-
tional debt would prove that jt might have been
even wiser to have burnt our paper dollaia befoie
they were issued. The inflation of the currency
would be inevitable. In ordinary times few com-
prehend the Archimedean leverage of a very few
millions added to or subtracted from the currency
of a nation actively engaged in the affairs of the
world. In the former case it produces a crisis and
general bankruptcy, and in the lattei it puts every
speculator on tip-toe to buy out his neighbor—his
horse, his ox, his ass, or anything that by keep-
ing over night will put money in his purse. Prop-
erty becomes as volatile as alcohol at boiling heat,
and cannot be kept within its ancient boundaries.
The poor man, accustomed to butcher's meat, and
who has not counted tea and coffee as luxuries,
suddenly finds their daily use beyond his means.
The ecstacy of an inflated currency is enjoyed by
the few only, and these are cruelly punished when
the gaseous influence subsides. They now have
this inflated currency in the rebel States, and all
property there, real and personal, sells at nearly
twice its usual value. Yet we know their positive
misery. The rich men arc getting possession of
even the little that poor men were before suffered
to retain. 1 hope we may remain true to our tra-
ditions—resolve that we are the saints, and let our
happiness be increased by their misery.
Why, sir, during the contest of Old Hickory
with that" monster," the old United States Bank,
now buried below the lower red sandstone of ge-
ologists, I remember it was made a grave charge
against the bank that it had contracted its circu-
lation §2,000,000 to produce a monetary pressure
upon the country,and thereby, as was charged, to
influence pending elections. Soon after it came
Old Hickory's turn, and he urged the so-called
"deposit banks" to increase their circulation, so
that the United States Bank would find its " vo-
cation gone," but" the monster" would not sur-
render in that way, and expanded its own circu-
lation from about thirty million dollars, in 1830,
to §44,000,000 in 1835; and this $14,000,000 be-
yond the usual average, with about an equal ex-
pansion on the part of the other banking institu-
tions of the country, was the sum of the inflation
of 1836, producing its inevitable sequence, as we
all know, the terrible collapse of 1837, from which
the country failed to recover in less than ten years.
The question of the constitutionality of this
bill, although a grave one, I do not propose to dis-
cuss, especially as it will undoubtedly be exam-
ined by far abler hands. It will be conceded that
the power is nowhere contained in the letter of
the Constitution, and that, in all our history since
the adoption of the Constitution, it has never been
exercised. It is an inferential or doubtful power,
lodged wherever gentlemen may choose to place
it, and liable, as 1 presume this debate will show,
to change its lodging-place, like members of Con-
gress, at very short notice. I should, therefore,
regret to see such a power, rf it exists at all, ex-
ercised at this time. The Constitution, in giving
to Congress the power to levy and collect taxes,
gives us ample power, so long as taxable property
in the greatest abundance exists, to make loans
and protect the public credit. In this great crisis
of our country, if we expect to retain the sem-
blance of freedom, if we expect to retain any of
the features of a republican form of Government,
if we hope ever to see the epaulets stripped fiom
the great host of military officers, now ready to
go forth to battle, and their swords laid aside, wo
must hold every department of the Government
and every officer to a stnctadherence to the Con-
stitution and the laws. We arc the custodians of
the destinies of our country, and must not pro-
voke the inquiry, ivho shall take us into custodij ?
The power "to coin money, regulate the value
thereof, and of foreign coins," has beenexercised
often and not too wisely, but it has never been
construed to cover the alchemical transmutation
of paper into gold and silver. In 1792 we set up
our standard of gold coins at one part alloy in
eleven parts pure metal, and we made our silver
dollar of the same value of the Spanish pillar dol-
lar. In 1834 we reduced the standard to a little
less than nine parts of pure metal to one part of
alloy,and in 1837 we adjusted both gold and sil-
ver coin to a standard of nine parts pure metal to
one part of alloy. In 1853 we reduced the value
of the silver half dollar to about forty-six cents
and a half, and fractional parts in pioportion.
These arc a tender only in sums not beyond five
dollars, while the silver prior to 1837 is, I believe,
if you could find any, a tender to any amount.
We have also tinkered to some extent in the re-
duction of the weight of our coins, and cents have
lost something in value, vainly endeavored to be
compensated by their beauty, and may be ten-
dered to the extent of thirty cents.
The discovery of the gold mines in California
and Australia has added immensely to the quan-
tity of gold throughout the world. As the increase
of silver, after the discovery of America, depre-
ciated its value nearly one half, so it was feared
the immensity of the influx of gold would at an
early day destroy it as a measure of value, and
reduce it to the level of some of the baser metals.
This theory does not quite appear to be in the
