1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2618
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury in this mat-
ter. Now,I do not care to haveitagain submitted
to the Secretary. I know that there are a good
many people who take an interest in this claim,
who, perhaps, have sympathy with this gentle-
man, and who are very anxious that it should be
submitted to the Secretary of the Treasury. I
wish I could coincide with their viewsof the mat-
ter. Perhaps I am in the wrong, as a majority
of the committee differ with me, but I cannot yield
my own Judgment unless I see some reason for
my so doing. It seems to me that the admission
of this vessel to enter into the port of San Fran-
cisco was a matter solely within the discretion of
the military collector there; and, so long as he did
not act malignantly or for the purpose of inflicting
any wrong on this claimant, and there is no pre-
tense of any such thing, I submit that the loss,
if any there was, must fall upon the party who
took the risk of sending his vessel to that port at
that time. If we reopen this matter, we shall have
a great many cases of the same character present-
ed. The Secretary of the Treasury cannot stop
to decide on a matter of this kind: his engage-
ments are too important. He must submit it to
somebody else and act upon the suggestion of that
somebody. Who it would be, I do not know. I
am not willing to trust a matter of this character
and of this importance to anybody. This claim
has been passed upon. I think, on the face of it,
that it is manifestly unjust. There is no warrant
injustice or equity for its allowance. The mili-
tary Governor was bound to execute the local law
only so far as was consistent with the lawful ob-
jects of the Government that appointed him. I
submit the matter to the House, and shall be con-
tent with its decision, let that decision be what it
may.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. F. A. C0NKL1NG called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE. As the effect of my mo-
tion is doing injustice to the gentleman who re-
ported this bill, I withdraw my call for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELIOT. I should like an opportunity to
state what the point is, before the House shall
take a vote upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON declined to withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Baker,
Jacob H. Blair, George II. Browne, William G. Biown,
Calvert, Cluniberiin, Clements, Colfax, Fiedenck A.
Conkiiug, Roscoe Colliding, Cox, Ciaven4*, Delaplame,
Diven, Uuell, Dunlap, Edwards, English, Fouke, Grider,
Haiding, Harrison, llolnmn, Johnson, Knapp, Law, La-
zear, Loosnis, MePher.-on, Malloiy, May, Maynard, Men-
zie=, Anson l\ Momll, Justin S. Morrill, Noble, Pendleton,
JohnS. I'helps, Pike, Porter, John II. lliee, RiehanLon,
Robinson, Edvvairt II. Rollins, Shank*, Sheffield, Spauld-
ing, William G. Steele, Vallamhgham, Wad&worth, Wall,
Walton, Webster, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White,
Wiekltffe, Wilson, and Woice&tei—61.
N AYfc>—Messis. Aldnch, Alley, Arnold, Aslilcv, Babbitt,
Raster, Rciiman, Middle, Bingham, Blake, Hntfinton,
Bmnham, Corning, Davis, Dunn, Edgeiton, Eliot, Ely,
Fisher, Fianchot, Gooch, Goodwin, Gu'tley, Haight, Hale,
Haucheft, Hooper, Horton, Uutchms, Julian, Keliey, Vian-
ds. W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejoy, Low,
MoKnight, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon, Noell, Noiton,
Odell, Patton, Pomeroy, Totter, Price, Riddle, Sargent,
Siuel,Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Tram, Tiovvbridge, Veiree, Voorhees, Waid,
Washburne. Wmdom, Woodruff, and Wiight—64.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
i.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BLAKE stated that Mr. Blair, of Penn-
sylvania, was paired with Mr. Crisfilld.
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Rice, of Massa-
chusetts, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. BE AM AN made a like statement in regard
to Mr. Covode.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, before the ques-
tion is taken on the passage of this bill, I desire
to state in a few words the facts and the question
on which the House is to pass. In August, 1848,
Mr. Hiittmann, who was the owner of the bark
Callao, appJied for the entry of that vessel at San
Francisco. His vessel having a valuable cargo
on board was refused to be entered, and he was
compelled to go to Monterey to lay his case be-
fore Governor Mason, who was then military Gov-
ernor of California. After a delay of two or three
weeks, Governor Mason, on learning the facts,
decided that the vessel should have been permit-
ted to enter. Mr. Hiittmann then went back to
San Francisco, and after a delay of several weeks,
he was permitted to enter his goods. In the mean
time he had lost all the opportunities of disposing
profitably of his cargo, the market havingbecome
flooded with similar goods, the cargoes of vessels
that had been permitted to be entered. In 1850,
Congress passed an act, the fourth section of
which has been read. Under that section per-
sons situated like Mr. Hiittmann had opportuni-
ties to make their claims before the Treasury De-
partment. Almost all of them availed themselves
of the opportunities thus given them, and had their
claims passed upon by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, favorably or unfavorably, according to the
the facts deposed to. When Mr. Hiittmann made
his claim at the Treasury Department, the chief
clerk of that Department—Mr. Jones—upon an
examination of the claim, made a written report
to the Secretary of the Treasury. In this report
he states the proviso to the act of 1850, which
has been read at the Clerk's table, under which
persons situated as Mr. Hiittmann claimed to be,
had the opportunity to have their claims settled.
But Mr. Jones, after quoting that proviso, goes
on to say:
" There is, however, nothing contained in this proviso
applicable to the claimant's case, from the fact tliat the col-
lection district of Upper California was not established nor
officers of the customs appointed until March 3,18-19, to
take effect on the 10th of March thereafter"
That is to say, Mr. Jonesdecided that there was
no established collection district at San Francisco
at the time Mr. Hiittmann tried to enter his cargo;
therefore he had no right to enter it, and therefore
his case did not come under the act of 1850. So
the merits of the case itself were never examined.
Upon that ground the case was rejected at the
Treasury Department. But since that report was
made, the Supreme Court of the United States, in
a case which is repoited in 16 Howard, decided
that the collection district of San Francisco was
properly established, and therefore that the goods
ought to have been entered. In other words, that
Mr. Jones, in his judgment of the law, was not
correct.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Does my colleague on the
committee say that the Supreme Court decided
that the goods ought to have been permitted to
enter? Does he say that the decision to which
he refers covered anything more than the fact that
the duties were legally collected by the military
authorities there ?
Mr. ELIOT. The decision was that the duties
were lawfully collected, and that duties so col-
lected could not be recovered by the person who
paid them.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Precisely. That is a very
different thing.
Mr. ELIOT. That is to say, the court decided
that the collection district was properly estab-
lished, and that entries therefore ought to have ;
been permitted and duties received.
Well, sir, Mr. Hiittmann was not permitted to ;
enter his cargo. Mr. Jones decided that as the ;
facts were at that time, there was no collection dis-
trict established, and on account of that decision
the merits of this man's claim have never been
examined. Now, it turns out that Mr. Jones was
wrong, and all that is asked now by the bill as we
propose to amend it, is that the Secretary of the
Treasury may have authority to examine this case
under the act of 1850.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this claim has been exam-
ined by the Committee on Commerce of the Sen-
ate, and was favorably reported by that commit-
tee in the last Congress. A bill for the relief of
the claimant passed the Senate and came to the
House, where it was referred to the Committee on
Commerceand received theirsanctjon. TheHouse,
however, failed to act on the bill in that Congress,
as it was not reached in its order. The lapse of
time which has occurred since the circumstances
under which this claim arises, ought not to pre-
judice the case of Mr. Hiittmann. He has been
doing all that he could to. obtain an examination
of his case at the Treasury Department upon its
merits, but has so far failed to secure any such
examination. And now it is proposed to give him
no new right, but simply to authorize the exami-
nation of his claim to which it was entitled, arid
which he sought at the Treasury Department un-
der the act of 1850. So far as I am able to con-
strue the law, I can see no reason why the Treas-
ury Department may not now reopen the case and
act upon it without further authority from Con-
gress, but under a rule which I understand they
regard as binding upon them, and which has been
in operation there for many years, it is held that
when one Secretary has had a case under consid-
eration, and has reported upon it, a subsequent
Secretary does not reopen the case for examina-
tion unless Congress furnishes additional author-
ity to that effect.
When the present bill came to the Committee
on Commerce during the present Congress, the
question arose with us whether its effect might
not be construed as expressing an opinion upon
the part of Congress in establishment of the va-
lidity of the claim upon its merits. We did not
desire that the bill should be left open to such an
inference; and for the purpose of avoiding such
a possibility, we have reported a substitute for
the Senate bill simply giving to the Secretary of
the Treasury the opportunity of hearing and de-
ciding upon the claim under the act of 1850 as if
there had been no application to any former Sec-
retary, so that if Mr. Hiittmann brings his claim
fairly within the provisions of the law of 1850,
his claim will be reported upon favorably; and if
he fails to bring his claim within the provisions
of that act, it will be rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Do I understand
the gentleman from Massachusetts to say that the
scope and purport of this bill is simply to refer
the claim to the Treasury Department for re-
hearing?
Mr. ELIOT. That is all that the substitute
which we have reported proposes.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I see no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not see how any valid ob-
jection can be made to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand my col-
league on the Committee on Commerce to place
the bill upon the ground that the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to examine the claim
without prejudice either for or against it in con-
sequence of Congress having passed this bill. It
is upon that ground that I sanction this bill. I
agree in most of the opinions expressed by my
colleague on the committee, from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Sheffield.] So far as I understand the
claim from the examinations I have given it, I do
not think it has much merit in it. I would not
vote directly to pay it under any circumstances;
but as I understand it was adjudicated upon at
the Treasury Department under a mistake, under
a construction of the law which has since been
determined by the Supreme Court to be incor-
rect; and if such be the fact, I am willing that it
shall be reopened and determined upon its merits
If I believed the bill committed us in any way
in favor of the validity of the claim itself, I would
certainly oppose it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts upon what ground the col-
lector at San Francisco refused to allow this ves-
sel to enter?
Mr. ELIOT. Upon the ground, I believe, that
the manifest was not certified to under oath.
Mr. ENGLISH. Upon the ground, then, that
the forms of the law were not complied with.
Mr. ELIOT. Upon the ground which I have
stated. Now, sir, I do not understand that any in-
justice can be inflicted upon theGovernmentunder
this bill, whether the claim has merit in it or not.
I hope, therefore, the House will adopt the substi-
tute we have reported, pass the bill, and allow
Mr. Hiittmann to go before the Secretary of the
Treasury with his claim.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he did, on the
5th instant, approve and sign a bill (H. R.No.
281) supplemental to an act granting the right of
way to the State of Missouri, and a portion of the
