1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
tr;cN in which the ordinary cour.-e ofjudicial pioceedmg*
is nor ob^nucted by the lobe'Sion. piocofilin"- in iem mav
be i;i\-u:uicd in uu  nam.- oi the United rfute.- in any div-
tn< t cinut oi {fie L'niU'd Hi\ito<, wuinn winch the estate
oi property -o toiieitrd. or any part thereof, may be found,
which proceeding .-halt conioim, as nearly as may be, to
pioeecdioy- in puzc ca-e-. oi lo c<vm;s oi foitcituie arising
und'-i the levniuo l.uv>; and in all ca^es the property con-
demned whether teal <n per-ona!, shall b-i sohi. and the
proceed- deposited in The Tiea^ury of the United Status.
SisC. 4 Jlnd be it further enacted, Tnat the propeity for-
feited undot the fn.-t section of this net, situate and being
in State- or di-tucts in which the ordinaiy cnuise of judi-
cial proceeding- is oh^tiueted by the icbeliion, shall be.
seized, Used, occupied, rented, or otherwise held by the
Govei nment of the United Slates, until the ordinary course
ofjudicial pioceedinjrj-bail be restored to the State or dis-
trict m whieh ftueli jnopcity is situate, when pi ocetdiuj,'? in
rem shall be instituted in the mode prescribed in the thud
section of this act: Provided, That fiitiele- oS subsistence
oi of a puiishdble nature so vjized shall be used or disposed
of as the Government may dnect.
Sec. o. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That the ^eveial dis-
tuct courts of the United Slates are heieby vested with
povvei to issue all process. whethei me-in' or ftnaj, incluil-
ing«.i! nisliee and pioce^. as in ea-e- ot loreign attachment,
and to do cvciy other matt'1! and thing necessary or pioper
to carry out the putpo-es ol the* act.
Snc. 6. -2nd he it further cncictcd. That the forfcitute de-
clared m and by the first section ot tin* act maybe pleaded
in abatement, or pioved in bai of any suit. light, elami, ot
proceeding which may be instituted, piosecuted, fir as-
serted by or in beha't of any person incnintiti the same in
oi hefote any court oi officer of the United States, oi of any
State or Teintoiy thereof.
Sec. 7. jind be it furtho cnactcd, That cvet v person hav-
ing oi pieteudiny to have any claim to the seivice or labor
of any other p<T-on in any State under the Jaw< theieof,
who during the piesent rebel!ton shall take up ai in- a<ra:iist
the Uniied States, or in any manner give aid and comioit
to said lebelhon, shall thereby foithwith foifeit all right to
fetich seivice or labor; and the peisons from whom jt is
claimed to be due, commonly ctilled - lave-, -hall, ijno facto,
on the comtiii-siou ot the act of forfeit are by t lie pai ty bav-
ins* or pretending to have any such claim to the set vice or
labor a  aioies.ud, be di-ch.ir ed tlieieftom, and become
ioieverthoioafter ftee persons, any law of any State or of
the United States to the coi.traiy notwithstanding. And
whenever any petson claiming to be entitled lo tin' sei vice
oi laboi of any othei prison dt'claied to be di-chatged from
such labor ot service nndet the provision^ of tiiw act shall
peek to ciifoice such claim, he shall, in the fn-l instance,
and htjiore atiyoidei for the suitenderof the per-on whose
service ih claimed, e^tablU-h not only his title to such sei-
vice, as now ptovided by law. but al,-o that he is and In*
been, during the e\i-ting icbeliion, loyal to the Govern-
ment of the tinted ^f.\t('~.
Scr 8 And b<t it faiihcr ertneted. That nothing in this
act contained Mia]l operate oi be construed to pteventot in
any way aftoct any prosecution or otiier pioceeding- against
any petson who ma\ ha\e mcuired the foifeituie heitnn
prescribed to pnni-h any crime or a^scit and enforce any
othei torieitme of which such petson may be guilty, ot
which he may have incurred under any other law oi the
United State*.
See. 9. Jlnd he it fur/her enacted, That the Pi evident of
the United Stat< < is heiuby authoiized, in hi< di-cietion,
by pioeiamation, p udon, oi 01 herwise, to c\empt or dts-
eiiaige any person or per-ons trom the forfeiture preseubed
in the- act upon -nch temis and under such lestnctions as
he may see fit; and al-o to deelaie. by pioclamation, when
this act or any of the piovitions thereof bhall ceasc and
become inopeiative.
The PRESIDENT jjrn tempore. Thequestion
directly before the Senate is upon the amendment
moved by the Senatorfrom Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
which is to strike out all of the original bill after
the enacting clause, and to insert another bill as
a substitute, and the Senator from .New York
[Mr. Harris] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, itis now a year
sincc the rebellion with which we are engaged
was openly inaugurated. We have seen the first
anniversary of the attack upon Fort Sumter.
Most of that year has been spent in preparation.
I say preparation, for never before in the history
of the world was a great nation found so unpre-
pared for aggiessive war or even self-defense as
was this nation twelve months ago.
When first aroused from its profound slumber
to behold its real condition, what a humiliating
spectacle the nation pusented lo its own aston-
ished vision. Without an army; without d navy;
without arms; almost without a government, it
seemed for a whileas though treason was destined
to triumph without even a show of resistance.
But staitled by the roar of cannon at Chatles-
ton, the nation aroused nself, hke a strong man
after sleep. Boston, New York, and Philadel-
phia, without a moment's hesitation or delay, sent
forward the flowct of their youth for the imme-
diate protection of the capital. The* proclamation
of the President calling for men was everywhere
throughout the States not infected with treason
received and responded to with the most enthu-
siastic patriotism. The young men of the country
came to its defense more inpuliy than the Gov-
ernment could supply them with arms. On every
hand were witnessed the most inspiring demon-
strations of patriotic devotion. Everywhere, in
city, village, and country, the flag of the Union
was thrown out to the breeze.
I can never forget the scene which presented
itself as I passed through Broadway, that great
thoroughfare of our great American metropolis,
on a beautiful morning in the month of May.
From window and balcony, from house top and
steeple, our dear old flag—now a thousand times
more dear because it had just been so ignomin-
lously insulted, and that, too, by our own citizens
at Sumter—was now streaming. The whole city
seemed like one great foiest of banners.
As I looked upon the scene, my heart was filled
with the most exulting joy. I knew that treason
had counted largely upon sympathy and even aid
from that great Democratic city. I knew that
efforts had been made to secure such sympathy
and aid. But a few days before, arms, which a
faithful officer of police, with his simple sense of
patriotic duty, had seen fit to seize, had been re-
leased by the chief magistrate of the city and sent
forward upon their treasonable errand, with an
obsequious apology for the outrage. Under these
circumstances, and with a knowledge of these
facts, the scene before me was inspiring I then
saw for myself that the heart of that great treas-
ury of our nation was right, was true and patri-
otic; that it might be trusted; that come what
might, and fail who would, New York would do
her whole duty. And how nobly, gloriously,
she has vindicated this promise. How she has
opened her bosom, pouring out men and treasure
like a flood to overwhelm tins great rebellion ana
save our country.
I felt then, and have over sincc felt, from that
hour to the present—I have never for a moment
doubted that my country was safe—that whatever
else might happen, whatever trials it might be
called to meet, whatever the sacrifices it might
cost, the issue must be gloriously triumphant.
1 have said that the past has been a year of prep-
aration. It has been a mighty, a most sublime
pieparation, such, I believe, as was never seen
before,i preparation which has attracted the won-
der of the whole civilized woild. An army of
greatly more than half a million of men has been
raised, organized, equipped, armed, disciplined,
and supported; a powerful navy has been created;
a vast number of vessels of war have been not
only begun, but finished, and are now actively
and most efficiently engaged in the great work
which the nation has in hand; a still greater num-
ber of vessels have been purchased and recon-
structed or refuted to adapt them to their new
work; the credit, the resources, the financial
strength and endurance of the country, have been
thoroughly tried, and have been found, to the
surprise of many, perhaps all, fully equal to the
great emergency. The struggle has already given
new vigor to the Government, and, for the first
time in our history as a nation, revealed to the
people themselves their own vast resources and
capacities. The extent of those resources and
capacities and the discipline of our arms have
taught them, what th< y scarcely knew before,
that they can stu.cessfuliy contend with any foe.
This stupendous preparation—a work, let me
say, which, in my judgment, calls for the exercise
of talent and genius, less dazzhngand impressive
it may be, but by no means inferior to that which
achieves brilliant victories in the field—is now
nearly completed. When the history of this
amazing rebellion comes to be written up for the
instruction and warning of coming generations,
nothing will excite greater wonder or admiration
than this year of preparation.
The magnifio nt Army which has, within these
few mouths, been almost literally created, is at
length moving forward. From the Atlantic west-
w.nd, almosr acro-^ the continent, its majestic
columns aie advancing with srendv and never!)
receding tread into the very heart of the rebellion, !t
while from Forttess Monroe ail the way around jj
to New Oilcans it is being encompassed and shut •;
in as with a wall of fire. Treason everywhere ;j
recoils; and the rebel foe is seen, day after day, jj
giving way before the conquering march of our
noble Aiaiy. i!
Mr. President, it does not becomes us to rejoice ,j
as though we had already tuumphed. But I can- ■!
no.f resist the belief that the rebellion is well nigh :j
crushed, that it has already received its death- :|
blow. Certainly, the present aspect of affairs is 'i
extremely gratifying. It clearly ind icates that the
proportions of the rebellion are rapidly waning,
and that at no very distant day it must be utterly
overthrown. In the language of an eloquent writer,
(now before me,) " the clouds of battle, long col-
lecting, have burst in a tempest of devastation and
death upon the traitors, and they fly before our
armies as if God himself had taken command of
them. Every day's report comes to us with the
voice of victory and the utterance of the inexor-
able doom of treason."
But, Mr. President, when the rebellion shall
be overthrown; when the rebel forces shall be
subdued or scattered, arid our Army and Navy
have nothing more to do to save our country, then
our own work as legislators and statesmen, the
work of reconstruction and reorganization; of
repairing the terrible breaches which treason has
made in our fabric of freedom, will have just be-
gun. Duties and responsibilities will then devolve
upon us far exceeding in magnitude and in their
influence upon the welfare and destiny of our
country any that ever before devolved upon an
American Congress. If peace and order and
prosperity are again to revisit us as a nation, it
will be not because the rebels have been subdued,
but because there has been wisdom and magna-
nimity and patriotism enough in the Government
to lay their foundations anew—broad, deep, and
enduring.
Since, then, the real task of restoring the Union
is to be accomplished after rebellion is quelled and
the war is at an end, it has seemed to me to be the
part of wisdom, Mr. President, for us, as Amer-
ican Senatois, instead of seeking to manage the
affairs and control the movements of the Army
and Navy, as I have sometimes thought we were
too much inclined to do, to address ourselves
more earnestly to the consideration of those great
questions which legitimately demand our atten-
tion.
It is quite possible that there are those among
us who, if they had been charged with 44 the con-
duct of the war," might have managed affairs bet-
ter than they have been managed by others, and
who, if vested with supreme command, would
long sincc have led our armies to certain victory.
But whether this would have been the case or not
must always remain a matter of conjecture, for
whether fortunately or unfortunately for the coun-
try, in the distribution of powers and duties, these
powers and duties have been assigned to others,
and there, in my judgment, it would be wise to
leave them.
The bill now before the Senate invites us to eon-
sidet the general policy to be adopted in the treat-
ment of rebels after the struggle shall be over. It
is a subject which, next to the rebellion itself,
demands our anxious attention. It is inferior to
no otherin the magnitude of its importance. Thus
far the war itself has been conducted with a de-
gree of magnanimity and lenity towards the rebels
which has, I suppose, no parallel in the history of
rebellions. I rejoice that it is so. The uniform
humanity of our Army is the more marked and
impressive when contrasted with the barbarous
inhumanity of the rebels themselves. When I
hear of their cruelty to our soldieis who happen
to fall into their hands as prisoneis; when I hear
of their heathenish indignities practiced upon our
patriot dead, T find it no easy task to restrain my
indignation. How can such malignant hate be
turned to fraternal love? Howcan we hope that
men capable of such atrocities will ever appreciate
the magnanimity of the Government which par-
dons their crimes? And yet I would not go to
extremes, or demand that even treason should be
punished with unforgiving rigor. Ours should
not be a revengeful policy. On the contrary, by
adopting measures of mildness and mercy, our
effort should be to extinguish the fires of hate
which now burn so fiercely. Exile and the gal-
lows for leaders. Confiscation and outlawry for
those whohave, with ''maliceaforethought,"con-
ceived and planned and brought into hideous ma-
turity this monstrous iniquity; but pity and pardon
for their deluded followers—those whose greatest
ciime has beert that they have loved the bones of
their fathers more than they loved their country,
who have from their childhood been educated in
the heresy that their fiistand highest allegiance
is due to their State, even if it requires them to
take up arms against the Union. Such, in my
judgment, is an outline of thepolicy which a great,
