1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Coxa.,..2d Sess.
that he was resorting to .a species of pettifogging
which would not have-been discreditable to a petty
piepoudre court. His whole argument upon this
poin t was mere pettifogging, mere jesuitism. He
knew that if Alexander Cummings had entire
control of, this $2,000,000 it was a matter of no
consequence whether he said " I retained," or
"there is retained." He had entire control of this
money, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
knows that the effort of Alexander Cummings to
escape from the charges properly made against
him, and to relieve his friend, the Secretary of
War, by assailing this committee, is a miserable
attempt at deception. I was disposed at first to
think him a weak, confiding man, a victim of the
craft of others, but disposed to be honest. In that
spirit he is treated by the report of the commit-
tee. I have changed my opinion.
Mr. KELLEY. I will ask the gentleman
whether he does not know that that money was
retainedby Messrs.Dix,Blatchford,and Opdyke,
with the consent of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to meet certain outstanding obligations, and not
to make new purchases or to meetany obligations
not yet created, and that apart from those pur-
chases, neither Alexander Cummings nor any
other man than Messrs. Dix, Blatchford, and
Opdyke had the right to touch one cent of that
money.
Mr. HOLMAN. Iknowthis: that the $140,000
was, as is asserted by Alexander Cummings, re-
tained for the purpose of meeting the purchases
he had made over and above the $250,000, and
that the language used by the Secretary of the
Treasury is just precisely what would have been
expected from the nature of the whole transac-
tion. He says:
" Your reservation of funds to meet requisition of War
Department, through Alexaudci Cummmgd, approved.
"S. P. CHASE,
" Secretary of the Tj easury."
There is no ground for misapprehension as to
that money.
1 might ask the question of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] if it did not consume
too much of my time,in reference to this upright,
virtuous constituent of his, how it occurs that in
his sworn testimony before the committee he as-
serts that only $250,000 was withdrawn from the
Treasury, and that the other $1,750,000 had been
returned to Mr. Cisco, the sub-Treasurer, and
then stated in his defense before the House, with-
out qualification, that an additional $140,000 is
retained by these three gentlemen, without any
attempt at explanation.
Mr. KELLEY. I come back to my question.
I ask the gentleman from Indiana whether the
telegraphic dispatch he has just quoted was not
in reply to Messrs. Dix, Blatchford,and Opdyke,
announcing that outstanding obligations to the
amount of about one hundred and forty thousand
dollars existed, and asking that they might retatn
that sum to meet them.
Mr. HOLMAN. if the House comprehends
the answer of the gentleman to my question, 1 am
satisfied. The control of this money'was with
Alexander Cummings, and Messrs. Dix, Blatch-
foid. and Opdyke were mere custodians, subject
to his order. I state the case again: the Secre-
tary of the Treasury placed $2,000,000 in the
hands of three eminent citizens for the War De-
partment, and the Secretary of War put it under
the control of a personal friend of his own, a
newspaper man, who was wholly unfit for the
duty, and who squandered $390,UU9of the money
in a few days, so that the accounts are unsettled
up to this time, and admit of no intelligent set-
tlement. Yesterday, when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, declared that these accounts
were settled, the fact was brought to the atten-
tion of the House by the certificate of the proper
officer that they were not settled. The venerable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
the leader of the House, with airy levity, fresh
from the tax bill, turned around and laughingly
remarked that it was a matter of no account what-
ever whether they are settled or not. What opin-
ioncan the people have of their statesmen, when
in the national Legislature the leading man of the
majority exhibits such indifference to the facts?
Disposing of hundreds of thousands with a laugh
Frauds on the Treasury—Mr. Hohnan.
—a matter of no consequence! What, he says, is
$390,000, when we are daily expending millions?
Mr. MOO&HEAD. My colleague, to whom
the gentleman refers, is not now present, and 1
think that the gentleman from Indiana misrepre-
sents him. My colleague did not, according to my
recollection, make the remark the gentleman at-
tributes to him. I do not think that he said any-
thing to justify the gentleman in stating that he
looked upon it as a matter of no moment. He
stated that the accounts were virtually settled.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House will remember
what he said. The colleague of the gentleman,
[Mr. Kelley,] who is in his scat, stated that he
had seen a receipt and vouchers for this $390,000.
I take occasion to say that no such receipt has
been issued. It luxs not been issued by the quar-
termaster's department or the commissary de-
partment, or by any department authorized to
issue such a receipt. And so far as this House is
informed, this $390,000has been squandered, ab-
solutely squandered, for the benefit of the friends
of Simon Cameron. The Third Auditor of the
Treasury, in his report to the Secretary of War,
has stated that there was no evidence before him
that the property purchased had ever gone to the
use of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, there is another matter connected
with the career of Alexander Cummings. Two
letters were addressed to him by the Secretary of
War, one apparently a private letter, and the other
intended for the public. In the first his especial
attention is called to the fact that the military sup-
plies will have to be shipped from New York, by
the way of Harnsburg, to Baltimore; and the
other states in general terms that he wishes to se-
cure the services of an " intelligent, experienced,
and energetic man," for pushing forward troops,
munitions,and supplies; and that Alexander Cum-
mings being acquainted with the railroad connec-
tions in the State of Pennsylvania, he was selected
as the agent of the War Department. What did he
mean ? It is well known that there are only i «vo
lines of connection through Pennsylvania, be-
tween New York and this city, the one direct
through Philadelphia, and the other eighty miles
further by the way of ilarrisbuig. In one letter
the attention of Alexander Cummings is called to
the fact that all of the supplies were to be shipped
by the way of Harrishurg, and m the other he is
appointed, it is stated, because of his acquaintance
with the railroad connections in Pennsylvania.
There were only the two routes to this capital
from New York city, and when this rebellion
broke out bridges upon both of them within the
limits of Maryland were burned down, so that for
the purposes in view they stood upon the same
footing. Let us see what has been the effects of
this knowledge on the part of Alexander Cum-
mings. Troops were shipped from the neighbor-
hood of Philadelphia to Harrisburg, and then
from there by the Northern Cential road to Balti-
more, on their way to this city, a hundred miles
around, instead of going upon the direct road
from Philadelphiato Baltimore. The Government
never paid one dollar for repairing the railroad
bridges destroyed by the public enemy upon any
road, except $14,000 expended by the Secretary
of War for the repairing of the bridges on the
Northern Central. The other roads repaired their
own bridges, but the Northern Central is repaired
at the public expense 
Mr. McPIiEIlSON. Does the gentleman in-
timate that this occurred during the time Mr. Cum-
mings was employed by (he War Department?
For, if he does, he js mistaken. It occurred after-
wards.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know that these occurrences
took place afterwards. Mr. Cummings had no
connection with them whatever. I am referiing
to the ongin of these railroad transactions before
this time. The extraordinary character of his ex-
penditures, of winch the House and the country
is fully informed, compelled the withdrawal from
him of a fund that was being rapidly squandered.
But I also know that the Secretary of War was
stifl eager to employ the man who understood the
"railroad connections, "and that he was afterwards
employed by the Secretary of War to purchase
coal, and that under the very eye of a competent
quartermaster; and further, that the Secretary of
War, with a knowledge of his utter incompetence,
Ho. o# Reps,
did enable him to mako a contract with Benedict
& Hall, of New York, for seventy-five thousand
pairs of shoes. This firm loaned money from time
to time, and indorsed notes for this " intelligent*
experienced, and energetic man," and he gener-
ously gave them this contract, by which they real-
ized $22,500 over what was the fair and legitimate
profits of such a contract—42 20 a pair, when
$1 90 was the fair price. Not only that, and after
the Secretary of War was aware of tl?e character
of the purchases he had made, he employed him
as a traveling agent.
The reason why I have referred to these roads
in Pennsylvania is this: the policy of the War
Department seemed steadily directed to Individ*
ual aggrandizement at the expense of the people.
The president of the Northern Central road is,
singularly enough, the brother-in-law of Simon
Cameron, and its vice president is his own son.
William Colder, one of its directors, was also one
of the heaviest contractors to supply the Govern-
ment with horses,isamembcr of the banking firm
of Cameron, Colder, Eby& Co., of which Simon
Cameron was a member, and which furnished
funds to the extent of $800,000, on terms the most
favorable, to carry out the contract which Simon
Cameron's Department had secured to his part-
ners.
The banking house of which Simon Cameron waa
a partner furnished the funds to carry out the horse
contracts. The fate of these contracts isknofrn.
The fact is pregnant with meaning. Horses were
purchased in the West, and shipped at great ex-
pense to Pennsylvania. They were purchased in
Pennsylvania and shipped to the West, and in
one instance more than eighty per cent, of them
were condemned; in another, a regiment of horse
sent from llarrisburg to Louisville, one fourth of
the horses wore condemned as worthless. But the
horse-contract system of the Secretary of War
has been vividly described by my colleague n
the committee, [Mr. Dawes.]
I am soiry to say to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mooriieah] that there has been some
want of integrity in the management of public
affairs, so fur as the contiaets made in Ins own
State aie concerned. The evidence will show that
there has been a general want of fidelity to the
public interests in the contracts that have been
made in that State.
Mr. MOORHEAD, Mr. Speaker, I protest
here and everywhere against sweeping charges
like those made by the gentleman from Indiana.
If any man m Pennsylvania has been dishonest,
and has defrauded the Government, I want to see
him exposed; and I will go as lur as any other
man to do it. But I denounce these sweeping ac-
cusations against any men as a class. If they be
permitted in this House, no honest man can be
found who will accept any contract from the Gov-
ernment, and we will, therefore, in order to obtain
Government supplies, be driven into the hands of
thieves and sharpers. I know contractors in Penn-
sylvania who are as honest as the gentleman from
Indiana, or any other gentleman upon this floor;
and I do not intend that their character shall be
impugned by these sweeping charges.
Mr. IIOLMAN. AH 1 have to say, in reply to
the gentleman, is this: that so far as the evidence
before us goes, if the Government would get rid
of this army of contractors, in Pennsylvania and
elsewhere, it would not sustain the slightest loss.
A hungrier or more rapacious set cannot be fur-
nished. I will run the i isk of the contracts of the
Government being driven into worse hands. If
the statements are general, the testimony before
the House is special.
But, sir, there is a wonderful connection be-
tween the railroads of Pennsyl vania and the War
Department. It is a singular fact that the State
of Pennsylvania furnishes not only the Secretary
but also the Assistant Secretary of War, Thomas
A* Scott—and I mention him here because it is
necessary—whois the vice president of the Penn-
sylvania Central railroad, and who, at least up to
August last, if not since, received a salary of
§4,000 a year, while at the same time he was
receiving a salary from this Government as a su-
perintendent of Government transportation and
Assistant Secretary of War. I say these two
employments are inconsistent with each other.
The Government must suffer. And I say delib-
