1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
will not only relieve the Treasury from its present
necessities, butdo something towards making pro-
vision for future wants.
It is a q uestion that will mark for weal or for woe
an important page of our history; and I invoke
the courage and judgmentof the committee to meet
the question with that cool deliberation its high
moment demands.
Mr. R0SCOE CONKLING. Mr, Chairman,
the nature of this measure, somewhat of its grave
importance, may be learned from the experience
of many nations, and I regret that the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Edwards] could not
feel justified yesterday in withdrawing the objec-
tion he made to allowing a more satisfactory dis-
cussion of it than an hour will allow. The mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means by
whom it was reported was well warranted m all
he said of its great magnitude, and of the thought-
ful, serious, courageous attention due to its con-
sideration. It concerns the life of the nation—the
means whereby it lives, credit of a Gov-
ernment, like the credit of an individual, consists
of the ability and integrity to pay all debts and
perform all promises witli scrupulous exactness
and punctuality. This ability and integrity, this
untarnished public faith, and unquestioned pe-
cuniary solvency, is that without which no Gov-
ernment can long survive. Public credit alone
cannot confer national immortality or national
longevity; but the loss of public credit will be inev-
itably and swiftly followed by national decrepitude
and national death. This is true in peace, when
wars and rumors of wars are hushed throughout
the earth; it is true in uneventful times, in periods
barren of action and prolific of repose; but what
shall be said of its urgent, warning truth as appli-
cable to us in this dark hour of trial and of dan-
ger? Immediate and adequate financial facilities
constitute, beyond all question, the overtopping,
overmastering subjects with which we have the
power to deal.
Gentlemen have longed for victories to reinvig-
orate the languishingenergies offmance. Victory
110 doubt would exert a potent influence; but, sir,
the Treasury will control and decide the war, not
the war the Treasury. Indeed, the question of
money and credit is all there is before us; it is prac-
tically the only unsettled question of the war. Ar-
mies and navies may perish, and a public credit
well preserved can replace them: but if the public
credit perishes, the Army and Navy can only in-
crease the disaster and deepen the dishonor.
We have patriotism ana courage and fighting
men enough to crush rebellion throughout the
Union, and then to sweep from this continent
every occupant of it but ourselves, and sponge off
their shipsfrom our waters. We have in the field
the first aimy in history, the first in means to
conquer with. It is said that in 1811 Napoleon
had 1,100,000 men, and other instances are men-
tioned of exceeding numbers; but nowhere short
of fabulous narrations can be found an army so
numerous and, at the same time, so powerful m
material, so complete in arms and equipments.
Nowhere can be found an army so well paid; no-
where a great army so well fed or cared for; no
nation has ever attempted to maintain an army at
anything like the same expense. The Secretary
of War says that 718,512 men have taken the field;
77,000 ofthem were three months'men,but640,637
are enlisted for the war. We have eighty-three
regiments of cavalry; eight more than France.
Every one of this multitude of soldiers is entitled
to atleastthirteen dollars a month, besides subsist-
ence and bounties. Sir, there is nothing like it in
all history. No nation ever attempted it, or ap-
proached it; never for any length of time. I find,
in a very able report recently made to the Ameri-
can Geographical and Statistical Society, an in-
structive statement on this subject, which I ask
my colleague to read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING read, ae follows:
" Upon an average, oar a peace footing, lias co^t
Uti $-1,000 annually per man, lank and file, hi the war in
which wp are now engaged we present the extraordinary
spectacle ot mi aimy haidly evei bctoro equaled in numbers,
lured at the rateof w.igcs paid to able-bodied men m thevari-
ous peaceful avocations fiom which they were diawn. To
the men in the i auks, $13 per month are paid, with their food
and clothing. The soldier in the French army receives only
about fifty-i-ix cent>> a month ; the pay of our soldier* being j
twenty times gi eater. The estimate in the Fiench Budget i
for 1860, was 345,908,7-14 francs, oi .'^64,687,500, lor an army |
on a war footing, of 762,765 men; and, in addition, a re-
serve militia on a peace footing, of 415,746 men. We all ]
know that the maintenance of such an army has created
period'* embarras&mcntm the finances of the empire. They
have, if we may credit foreign journals, completely changed
the policy of the Emperor. It eons this country twelve
times as much to maintain a soldier in the field as it does
the French Government Our forces,no\vunderarrn«,are,
consequently, equivalent to 7,500,000 men for that country.
It costs us two and a half times as much to maintain a sol-
dier as it does the LnglHi Government. We hiie our
money at twice the rate of interest Our expenditures per
man, measured by the standard of intcre«t paid, are on a
scale more than four tunes gieater than for that country.
England can expend §1,200,000,000 ayeai without creating
a greater burden m the Miapc of a public debt than $600,-
000,000 would be foi the United Slates."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
ponder here a moment! Only $64,000,000a year
for the greatest army on a war footing, with a re-
serve on a peace footing, the French empire ever
had! Besides our Army, we have a Navy to con-
struct and maintain, and the cost of both will be,
if not $2,000,000 a day, $45,000,000 a month.
To provide these sums so long as they shall be
needed, to secutc and carry along till we can pay,
the amounts which have already been expended,
to devise a policy which shall cairy on the Gov-
ernment when the war is ended, and ultimately
work out the extinguishment of the public debt—
this is the problem to be solved, and the Constitu-
tion says that we alone shall solve it. I believe we
can solve it, and will solve it; and I hope by some
policy worthy of the occasion and adequate to it.
But let us have no make-shifts, no subterfuges, no
timid expedients to dodge honest taxation. Above
all things, let us practice no concealment or de-
ception upon the tax-payers. Let us find outhow
much we owe and how much we need; let us tell
the people of it, and then in a straightforward,
old-fashioned way go about raising it. The peo-
ple need no lullabies or opiates from us. They
want us to put no blinders upon them. They are
ready for this emergency and adequate to it; quite
as much so, to say the least, as we are. Complex
as are the circumstances by which* we are sur-
rounded, other men have coped successfully with
circumstances as difficult and left behind them the
light of their example to warn and guide us. We
have the folly of some who have scattered ruin
and strewn wreck in the midst of plenty; we have
the wisdom of others who have created and pre-
served empire in the midst of want, and caused
civilization to rise on golden wings out of the very
ashes of exhausted systems. Our own statesmen
have done far more than their share to endow the
world with financial wisdom. It was to this sub-
ject that the greatest of Americans gave his best
endeavors. He delved deep in the mines of per-
petual prosperity. He founded and organized a
now department. lie conceived and created a sys-
tem, and the world saw that itwas good. Upon
foundations of honesty and truth he reared an
enduring structure of public credit, and so per-
vaded it that to th is day we meet at every turn the
genius of the builder. He haunts us yet with the
maxims he has left; maxims from which we are
invited to depait, though we cannot forget them.
He has bequeathed to us his lessons of wisdom
with that singular felicity of diction which made
Marshall say " his statement was argument, his
inference was demonstration."
Hamilton insisted upon "incorporating, as a
fundamental maxim, m the system of credit of
the United States, that the creation of debt should
always be accompanied by the means of extin-
guishment; this is the true secret of rendeiing
public credit immortal." Invested with such at-
tributes, Government securities are the bestsecu- j
nties in the woild,and can always be used to
negotiate loans at the lowest rate of interest.
^Without these attributes the obligations of a Gov-
ernment are the most worthless, the most short-
lived and shallow of all devices with which to bor-
row money. Do we not know this? Do we not
heed the teachings of history, sanctioned by the
founders of our institutions r Do we not know
that, unless we would make shipwreck of every-
thing, we must accompany emission with taxa-
tion'1 Do we not know that we have no right to
authorize the utterance of a dollar of paper, with-
out accompanying it with a tax for its ultimate
redemption? We do know it.
But it is said that the principle, though a good
one and sound in itself, must at this time be sac-
rificed to necessity Necessity! that market price
of principle at wliich every virtue has been sold
for six thousand years. From the apothecary
eellingpoison to the lord chaneellorsellingjustice,
the plea has always been, M my poverty, but tiGi
my will, consents."
Sir, I deny that any necessity is upon us to take
the case out of settled rules. We need money—
large sums of money—and the whole resources
and property of the nation are liable to pay tribute
to raise it. We owe debts—large debts—and the
whole property of the country is holden to pay
them. Does anybody suppose that the security
is not ample, or the resources not abundant? My
colleague from the Erie district [Mr. Spauldjng]
told us that the taxable property of the nation
amounts to sixteen thousand millions of dollars;
and he produced a statement fiom the Census Bu-
reau to prove it. In reality it is vastly more than
that, because he gave us a self-fixed valuation—
the valuation fixed by proprietors themselves,
having aninterestin reducing and covering up the
amount.
According to my colleague, at the end of this
fiscal year our debt will be only $650,000,000.
One would think here is margin enough for Wall
street, State street, or Chestnut street. Sir, it is
margin enough, properly husbanded from first to
last, to enable us to raise all the money we want
at five per cent., and history proves it.
Now, sir, what does this pleaof necessity mean
—this plea upon which we are invited to leave the
trodden paths of safety, and seek new methods of
"coining false moneys from that crucible called
debt?" What is the necessity which prevents
adherence to the old and approved methods of
raising money ? The argument must be twofold:
first, that the people will be better ready at some
other time than the present to pay what, in the
end, they must pay, with interest; and second,
that necessary and legitimate taxation will be un-
popular, and bring denunciation upon those who
vote it. Sir, I take issue upon both propositions.
I say the country is rich and ready. Money is
abundant—very abundant. There is in the loyal
States $250,000,000 of gold-—the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] said the other day
$300,000,000—more than ever before, and if we
deserve it we can have it. Whc whole country
is full of wealth. The enormous expenditures of
this home war have been made among ourselves,
and the money has remained here, and not gone
into the channel which foreign war prescribes for
currency. The harvest has been abundant; ma-
terials and productions, raw and wrought, have
been in great demand; and nearly every loyal State
teems with the elements of material piospeniy.
From a very extravagant, we have latterly become
a very economical people, and thus the percent-
age, as well as the aggregate of savings of earnings,
is unusually great. We are able to pay now, and
we never can pay better than now.
So much for the ability of the people to bear
taxation. Now,a word as to their willingness to
bear it. I believe no error could be greater, no
aspersion more libelous, upon the patriotic peo-
ple of the country than the supposition that they
will shrink from paying the legitimate expenses
of anmhilatingrebcllion. The millions who have
risen in majesty to defend from overthrow the in-
stitutions of their fathers have poured out costlier
tribute and more precious treasure than taxation
asks. They have sent their sons to distant battle-
fields, and gone themselves to bare their bosoms
to the icv fang of death. When such is the hal-
lowed measure of spontaneous loyalty, shall we
presume to impugn it> Shall we suppose that
those who are pouring out their dearest jewels
and offering more, will palter about honest taxa-
tion? No, sir; it requires no courage for a Rep-
resentative to vote taxes now. He is entitled to
no credit for doing it. The people arc eager to be
taxed, and no needed levy will be a tribute wrung
from reluctance, but an offering laid with abound
at the feet of the country. One thing is needed,
and only one, to make taxation welcome. The
people must know what is to be done with their
money. They must know that some things arc
not to be done with it. They must know that the
money is not to be swept into the lap of gamblers
and thieves, whether of high or low degree, in
office or out. They must know it is pot to be
squandered upon favorites, whether they be poli-
ticians or brothers-in-law or clergymen or women.
They must know that frugality and honesty pre-
vail, and that works of retrenchment are begun.
And here I turn aside to say that I differ with
