1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635'
and administered it, we should find it so recorded.
The occasion for resorting to it, or at least refer-
ring to it, has, we know, repeatedly arisen; and
had such a power existed, it would have been
recognized and acted on. It is hardly too much
to say, therefore, that the uniform and universal
judgment of statesmen, jurists, and lawyers has
denied the constitutional right of Congress to
make paper a legal tender for debts to any extent
whatever. But more is claimed here than the
right to create a legal tender heretofore unknown.
The provision is not confined to transactions in
futuro, but is retroactive in its scope. It reaches
back and strikes at every existing pecuniary obli-
gation. This was well put by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] and I concur with him,
that substituting anything for gold and silver in
payment of debts, and still more of precedent
debts, is of very doubtful constitutionality.
A memorandum from the Attorney General was
produced here the other day, and the context in
which it was read would indicate that it made some-
thing for this bill. Sir, I do not so understand it-,
on the contrary, if the Attorney General has stated
all that he can say in favor of the bill, the plain-
conclusion to be drawn from his opinion is, that
it has.no warrant in the Constitution. He says
the Constitution contains no " prohibition." That
is not the question. In looking for a power in
the Constitution of the United States, the point is
precisely the reverse. The Constitution of the
United States is an instrument of delegated and
enumerated powers, and Congress has no powers
except those which the Constitution confers. Not
so with the Legislatures of the States; they have
all the residuum of legislative power. In looking,
therefore, for a power in the constitution of a
State, the question usually is: has it been taken
away or forbidden? But, in looking at the Fed-
eral Constitution, the question is: has the power
been given; is it there? Can you put your linger
upon it among the grants of the Constitution? If
not, if it is not there at all, you have not the power,
and there is an end of the whole matter.
But, sir, passing, as I see I must, ft om Uncon-
stitutional objections to the bill, it seems to me
that its moral imperfections are equally serious.
It will, of course, proclaim throughout the coun-
try a saturnalia of fraud, a carnival for rogues.
Every agent, attorney, treasurer, trustee, guard-
ian, executor, administrator, consignee, commis-
sion merchant, and every debtor of a fiduciary
character who has received for others ftioney,
hard money,worth a hundred cents in the dollar,
will forever release himself from liability by buy-
ing up for that knavish purpose, at its depreciated
value, the spurious cuncney which we shall have
put afloat. Everybody will do it, except those
who are more honest than the American Congress
advises them to be. Think of savings banks in-
trusted with enormous uggregatesot the pittances
of the poor, the hungry, and the homeless, the
stranger, the needie women, the widow and the 01-
phan,and we are arranging for a robbery often,li
not of fifty per cent, of the entire amount, and that
by a contrivance so new as never to have been
discovered under the administrations of Monroe
Edwards or James Buchanan.
To reverse the picture: after the act shall have
gone into effect, honest men undertake transac-
tions based upon the spurious tender at its then
value. P>y and by comes a repeal, and they are
driven to ruin in multitudes by the inevitable loss
incident to a return to a metallic currency.
I understand there arc forty thousand petition-
ers in both Houses now prnymg for the passage
of a bankrupt law. Sir, provision will have to
be made on a scale of bankruptcy more liberal
and gigantic than England ever saw, for the re-
lief of honest people^ who will be cheated and
ruined under the legal tender system now pro-
posed, if the country tries the experiment and
survives it. Hut, surmounting every legal im-
pediment, and every dictate of conscience in-
volved, viewing it as a mere pecuniary expedient,
it seems too piecarious and unpromising to de-
serve the slightest confidence.
The whole scheme presupposes that the notes
to be emitted will be lepers in the commercial
woildfrom the hour they are brought into it;
that they will be .shunned and condemned by the
laws of trade and value. If this is not to be their
fate, what is the sense, as was said in the Federal
constitutional Convention, in attempting to legis-
late their value up.
Now, sir, I do not believe that you can legis-
late up the value of a thing any more than I be-
lieve you can make generals heroes by legisla-
tion. The Continental Congress tried legislating
values up even by resorts to penalties, but the
inexorable laws of trade, as independent as the
law of gravitation, kept them down. 1 do be-
lieve you can legislate a value down, and that
you can do it by attempting to legislate it up;
and I hope that my time will enable me to give
some reasons for that, but let me continue the
present point. My colleague argued that any
other thing or metal, if stamped with the same
value, would be as valuable as coin for commer-
cial purposes within the jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment so stamping it. Thus a piece of paper
and a piece of gold stamped alike would be of
equal value. Here is what he said:
"Any other metal or thin;* that should be stamped, audits
value regulated by all the Governments oftlie world would
pass equally well in all commercial transactions, as gold
and silver, although not intrinsically as valuable. Exchange
bills or Treasury notes, whose value is fixed by Govern-
ment, and stamped as money, would pas& as money m the
payment of debts within the jun&dieLion of the Govern-
ment fixing such value.'5
A piece of gold is coined into an eagle and
stamped ten dollars, and a piece of paper stamped
of the same amount. Now, cutoff the stamp from
both, and are they of the same value still? if not,
why not? Simply because com, like every other
artrcle of value, represents the cost of production.
Thus every coin purports to be of a value equal
to the cost of producing it, less the expense of
coinage, and loss also the alloy, which is put into
it to make it harder, and to prevent its being ab-
sorbed into the coinage or crucibles of other na-
tions, as it might be if the standard were not con-
trollable. If my colleague is right in his idea that
calling a thing gold will make it gold, or as good
as gold, why was it that the biass guineas of
James II would not pass for guineas? And why
did the debasing alloys of Homy VIII, Edwaid
11, and Charles II strike down the currency of
England to the most ruinous degradation ? Why
was it infamous for the Stuarts to clip the coin?
Why should we not make our dollars out of fifty
pennies'worth of metal, and cause them to pass?
That device, if it would work, would solve our dif-
ficulty. Why was it that the Continental money,
with an edict of Congress that whoever refused
to take it at par should be held an enemy to his
country; why, with such value affixed, did Con-
tinental money become so worthless ? In the city
ofPhiladelph)a$7,000 was charged in Continental
money for a dinner, with wine, for two persons;
and two gold guineas settled the score. Ifmycol-
loague is right that the Government, by putting
on a stamp of value, can make things really of
that value, I would suggest that we pass a bill to
put a stamp of §125 on each of the Government
horses. They each represent the sum of $125;
but unstamped they are said not to be worth the
money. If the thing could be carried out, a very
Miug sum could be made in that way, and we
might even make them a legal tender.
1 wish I had time; I wish I was sure the com-
mittee would give me five minutes after the ham-
mer falls to answer an argument made on yester-
day by the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper;] but 1 am afiaid to trust
the committee for that,and I pass it, only saying,
with great respect to him, that the only consideia-
tion he suggested which weighed with me in favor
of this legal tender scheme was, that the people,
tho Government having taken the coin from the
banks, would be unable to pay their taxes in coin
because they could not get it. Sir, that is a good
suggestion, and all we need to meet it is a very
simple provision having none of the objections to
making paper pay debts indiscuminately. You
only want m the bill we pass the old doctune of
recoupement and set oft*, and then the citizen can
pay his tax m Government issue. Thatis a .sound
and equitable doctrine. It is as old as the «'ommon
law of England; as old as the civil law of Rome
if. means merely this: if my friend here has my
check which has not been paid, and I have a tax
or a debt against lum, he may pay that tax or debt
with the check, setting olf one against the other
and settle it. You need no legal tender for that.
But shall it be said that because we all agree
that the Treasury notes to be issued should be
receivable for taxes, we shall go further and hoist
the floodgates of fraud, by making these notes
pay debts to the amount of their face, when the
bill virtually admits that they will be worth but
ninety cents in the dollar on the day the law takes
effect. No, sir; and I thank God that the great
State of New York, which carrics one fifth of the
burdens of the nation, and which has loaned for
years to the Government ninety per cent, of the
money it has borrowed; I thank God that the
State of New York has in the popular branch of
her Legislature set the seal of her disapprobation
upon this monstrous proposition by a vote of al-
most two to one. Such a step, if it should ever
be taken by a Government, should be taken only
when everything else has failed and the last ex-
tremity has been reached. It is the last expedient
to which kings and nations can resort. "When you
clothe an individual with the power to give his
own checks to pay his debts and supply his wants
when he has nothing with which to pay them,
and when you ordain that every man shall receive
his check, you have performed for that man the
last sad offices of financial humanity; there is
nothing left to be done for him; and if he fails
then,he is past resuscitation and past resurrection.
So of a Government; you may try any other ex-
pedient with impunity, and if it fails, you have
remaining a resort to other things; but if you
once authorize the issue and compel the accept-
ance of its own paper, and that proves to be a
failuie, there is nothing left; the die is cast; the
last link is broken.
Are we reduced to any such extremity? Do
gentlemen reflect what is the admission contained
in this scheme; the desperation which it presup-
poses? Do they think of the danger and distrust
to which they expose their Government both at
home and abroad ?
It is light to learn of an enemy, and already
the London Times hails tins #100,000,000 legal
tendei bill as the dawn of American bankruptcy
and the downfall of American credit. Perhaps
we can learn financial wisdom from a nation which
long since established in its Parliament the stand-
ing rule that the creation of a debt should never
take place without being accompanied by-the
means of its extinguishment.
Mr. Chairman, I believe all the money needed
can be provided in season by means of unques-
tionable legality and .safety. The substitute I
have ofleied will, I believe, without substantial
alteration, effect that result.
And let me assure gentlemen that it will stand
alone upon the tax bill to be brought in, and it
will not be necessary to have behind it a new bank-
ing system, which could not be set in motion un-
til a year after the expiration of the war.
The advocates of the original bill present a more
somber picture for the future than I4iad supposed
to be necessary, although 1 think the account of
the nation shows larger balances against us than
was stated at the opening of the debate. The es-
timates submitted to us show the following items:
J)''bt funded or liquidated up to the 10th day of January,
1862 £306,000,000
The floating debt contains a largo unknown
elenient, but cannot be Jes^ tii.ui  200,000,000
llvfjuued lot oxpci dituie^7 ordinary and ex-
tiaordniaiy, to July 1, 180*2  300,000,000
.$•806,000,001)
This last item is at the rate of §2,000,000 per day
for one hundred and fifty days. If $45,000,000a
j month is taken as the estimate, the item will be
' $2:25,000,000. But it will reach $300,000,000, be-
! cause there is an item of a hundred millions nearly
; which will be payableatthe close of the wargrow-
} ing out of bounty acts, and it has been nowhere
; included.
! Eiirht hundred and six millions! Who can
credit these figures when he remembers that the
wo i Id's greatest tragedian closed his bloody diama
! at St. fielena leaving the public debt of France
; k-ss than seventy millions of pounds?
; This enormous debt amounts, for each con-
! gressionnl distuct represented upon this floor, to
I $4,210,000, and when the war is ended it will be
more than five nnliionsof dollars. Let gentlemen
i ponder upon the fact that there is more than three
! hundred thousand dollars of interest to be paid
I every year by his congressional district.
