1.862.]'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ST
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Doolittle.
£>enaie.
of our own brave men, whose fathers anil hus-
bands have fallen on the field of battle, come be-
fore this House and ask for whatthe Government
justly owes them, we hear no such plaintive lan-
guage and no such stinging sarcasm. I see no
gentleman, who is so mindful of the wrongs of
the African, rise for the purpose of defending the
just claims of the widow and orphan of the sol-
dier who died for his country. I do not see any
of them rise and declare that it is the duty of the
Government to pay to the children and widows
of those who have fallen upon our fields of ter-
rible battle the small pittance that we promise to
their dead husbands and fathers. No,sir; there
is no wail of grief from these gentlemen for the
widow of the dead soldier who fell in defense of
your flag, there is no utterance of grief over the
sobs of his orphan children. No, sir; their tears
have inspired no eloquence. The robbers of the
Treasury—the children of another race can alone
stimulate their sympathies. The old superstitions
are revived. The chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee [Mr. Sedgwick] still worshipsGideon Welles,
the dispenser of paiionage, as the god of the wa-
ters; while the chairman of the Ways and Means
[Mr. Stevens] insists that John 0. Fremont is
the truegod. The old idolatry still lives; the idol
is still in the temple,and the idolutersstill blindly
worship. Pompeyhasa party, Cajsar has a party,
but I still trust in God that the vote on these
propositions will not justify the despairing lan-
guage of the Roman patriot, "My country has
no party." Yet, sir, the gentlemen who defend
the agent of Simon Cameron, the instrument of
Thurlow Weed, the doctor of divinity, who for-
got the eighth commandment, the robbers of the
Treasury—utter no cry of grief over the agony
which this wide-spread system of fraud and cor-
ruption will force to the heart of the true and the
loyal, to homes made desolate by the ravages of
war. I will not believe, sir, that at a time like this
the gentlemen who have assailed this commtttec—
the leaders of opinion—will sacrifice their conn-
try at the demands of parly. But time will tell.
Another word, and 1 am done. I have spoken
dispassionately and in no partisan spirit. But I
am determined to denounce the plunderers of the
Treasury. When the living masses of the people,
whoare not willing to sell their birthright of free-
dom for gold or silver, are gathering in countless
numbers around the temple of the Republic, and
with unselfish and earnest purpose are pressing
forward with giant strength to steady its tottering
pillars, I am not willing that the crawling robbers
shall sap the foundations of its strength. With
five thousand of my own brave and true constit-
uents in the field, meeting every peril of war, I
will not remain silent when thieves and robbers
attempt to undermine the mllars of the State. 1
invoke the censure of the trouse upon their heads.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. DOOLITTLE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate, May 2, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration the bill to con-
fiscate the property and fiee the slaves of rebels-
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President: The immediate question pend-
ing is the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the bill of the Senator from Vermont,
to strike out all of the sixth section of his bill,
and insert the amendment submitted by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as a new section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
direct question before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that direct question
I shall not occupy any further time than to say
that the distinction in principle between theamend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, and the
sixth section of the bill proposed by the Senator
ftom Vermont, is this: the bill of the Senator from
Vermont assumes that it belongs to the Executive
to judge of what constitutes a military necessity;
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts assumes that Congress is the judge. It is
conceded upo?i all hands that there is no ground
upon which we can set ftjge the slaves of rebels,
but on that of military necessity, or upon convic-
tion for crime; and, sir, I believe it is equally
clear that what does constitute a necessity in mil-
itary operations is an executive question. There-
fore this section of the bill of the Senator from
Vermont rests upon the solid ground of the Con-
stitution. By it Congress simply authorizes the
President, when he judges that the military ne-
cessities or exigencies of the country require it, to
take slaves from their masters and set them free.
But, sir, I shall not confine myself to this partic-
ular amendment. In my remarks to-day, 1 shall
address myself earnestly, and yetl hope without
prejudice or passion, to the consideration of some
constitutional and other questions involved in the
measure now before the Senate.
Mr. President, I said the other day, and I re-
ligiously believe, there never were as grave ques-
tions raised in this body as are involved in this
bill. The first section by its operation may reach
thousands of millions of property. The second
section would undoubtedly at once, by an act of
Congress, set free within the States, without their
consent, or perhaps the vote of one single repre-
sentative, in either House, of those States, more
than two millions of slaves. Asa necessary con-
sequence, as. those slaves are everywhere inter-
mingled with the slaves of loyal masters, it would
force on the emancipation of them all. I believe,
therefore, that the second section involves the
emancipation by act of Congress of the great
masses of all the slaves within the States where
the insurrection exists. It is true, it does not di-
rectly reach the slaves of loyal masters. It readies,
however, the slaves of all the rebels, and all who
in any way aid and abet the rebellion. It is but
fair to assume that, at least, the owners of one half
of all the slaves in those States do sympathize
with the rebellion. The Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Pomekoy] says that seven eighths of them do.
That would make the case still stronger; and iny
friend from Ohio [Mr. Wade] says "still bet-
ter." Mr. President, what 1 say in relation to it
is that it makes the question still graver, anil the
rcsponsibilly of passing such an act still heaviei.
Sir, I repeat that never before in this body ,norin
any legislative body the sun ever shone upon, were
there graver questions raised than these. And yet,
under all this responsibility, there are gentlemen
who, in their eagerness to press this measure to
a vote, smile at constitutional scruples and respons-
ibilities. Sir, I am not one of those; I confess
that I can join fully in the language of my col-
league, and say, when I am pressed to act upon
questions involving such great responsibilities,
that I do so with a. sense of apprehension—not
the fear of any man here or elsewhere, for I know
no master on earth, but the fear that in the pres-
ence of that God before whom I have taken an
oath to support the Constitution, I may be pressed
under the excitement of the moment, when pas-
sion rules the hour, to trample it under my feet.
Mr. President, we are m arms to-day, we are
at war, and for what? It is forthis very Consti-
tution; to maintain,protect, and defend its suprem-
acy in every State—everywhere, from Maine to
Texas. To maintain that supremacy, we send
our sons to the battle-field, we stake all we have
and all we arc; and I should regard myself want-
ing in manhood, as cowardly shrinking from the
performance of my duty, if, while my sons and
my countrymen are in the field fighting the enemy,
meeting danger and death in every form, I should
not stand here for the defense of the Constitution
by every power God has given me, let it be as-
sailed from what quarter it may. The only fear
I have is that 1 may not defend it as I should.
Mr. President, that Constitution, let me say, is
justas supreme in reservingpowers from this Gov-
ernment as it is in granting powers to it; just as
supreme in withholding as m conferring power.
If this Government, or any branch of it, if Con-
gress, or the Executive, or the Supreme Court,
shall undertake to overturn its provisions and to
trample under their feet the rights reserved to the
States and to the people by it, it is just as much
an attempt at revolution and rebellion as when the
men in the insurrectionary States undertake to
trample under their feet the powers which by it
are given to this Government. Either is revolu-
tion; and if either succeeds, it is an end to our
whole system of republican government. If the
doctrine shall once prevail and be acquiesced in
by this Government and by the people of the Uni-
ted States that the Constitution can be overborne,
that this Federal Government can usurp powers
which are not delegated, bu t are expressly reserved
to the States, the days of this Republic are al-
ready passed; the days of the empire have begun;
we are preparing to reenact, on perhaps a grander
scale, the history of the decline and fall of the em-
pire of Rome. " The maintenance inviolate of the
rights of the States, and especially the right of each
State to order and control its own domestic insti-
tutions according to itsownjudgmentexclusively,
is essential to that balance of power on which the
perfection and endurance of our political fabric
depends." Without that, they cease to be States
at all, and the Federal Government becomes one
vast consolidated empire. This was as true in the
beginning as it was in 1860, when we made it the
pledge upon which we came into power; audit will
be true forever, whether men in the heat and pas-
sion of this hour shall heed it or trample it under
their feet.
This Constitution of ours gives to us all the
powets which arc necessary to meet even the ex-
igencies of civil war. It is just as perfect in this
as in every other respect. It meets all the neces-
sities of our situation, whether of war, insurrec-
tion, or pence. The idea that at any time, for
one single hour, this Constitution, because civil
war exists, is dissolved or gives way to martial
law, as to something higher and above itself, at
the discretion or caprice of the President or Con-
gress, or both together, is a heresy as fatal to free
government and as full of nil evil as the whisper-
ings of Satan to Eve in the garden of Eden. No,
sir, 110. The Constitution is just as much above
martial as it is above civil law. From it alone
is derived all tlu: war powers of the Government,
and under il alone can they be exercised.
Fiist of nil, Mr. President, let us inquire what
powers are given to Congress to meet this exi-
gency? There are three powers. One is the
power to declare the punishment of tieason;
Another lo provide for culling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, repel invasion,
and suppress insurrection;
And n third distinct and substantive power to
mnke 1 ulesconcerning captures on land and water.
These three powers are the only three given to
Congress by the Constitution ol'theUnited States,^
which are specially applicable to this state of
things. These three poweis are all-sufficient.
When the Constitution was formed, it was a
serious question whether there should be any
power given to the United States Government to
punish treasori against it. Under the old Articles
of Confederation no such power I believe existed.
It, however, is given by the Constitution of the
United States, and the same language which gives
it puts a limitation upon it. There is the power
and there its limitation. There they stand side
by side, put into the Constitution in the same
clause. Wo cannot close our eyes to one and
open them to the other.
The power to suppress insurrection is a dis-
tinct and substantive power, without limitation,
except that whatever law shall be passed by Con-
gress and whatever shall be done by the Exec-
utive, in suppressing insurrection, should not go
beyond the powers usually exercised according
to the modern usage of nations in carrying on
civilized warfare—the laws of necessity and of
humanity.
I beg now to call the attention of Senators tor a
moment to some of the various bills that are pend-
ing The bill of the Senator from Illinois is framed
under those clauses of the Constitution which
give Congress power to suppress insurrection and
provide for cairying on war under the war power
as it is called. I understand him to say that it is
not framed under the clause of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to declare the punish-
ment of treason. The bill introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont exercises both. It
declares the punishment of treason; the first three
sections are under that clause of the Constitution
and are devoted to that. The remaining sections
are under other clauses of the Constitution, ana
clothe the President with extraordinary powers to
enable him to suppress the insurrection.
And first, of this power to punish treason. I
believe the lionorable Senator liom Illinois [Mr.
