1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Casey, Colfax, Fiederiek A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling,
Delano, Diven, Duell, Edwatds, Fessenden, Franehot,
Frank, Granger, Harrison, Hooper, Ilutchins, Julian, Kel-
lev, Francis VV. Kellogg, Lansing, Leary, Lehman, Lovc-
ioy, McKnight, Noell, Olin, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Potter,
John H. Rice, ltiddle, Sedgwick, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Smith, SpauJding, John B. Steele, Stratton, Train, Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Voorhees,
Ward, Whaley, and Windom—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Babbitt, Joseph
Baily, Baker, George II. Browne, William G. Brown,
Buffinton, Calvert, Chambetlin, Cox, Dawes, Dunlap,
Dunn, Eliot, Grider, Hickman, Holman, Johnson, Killia-
ger, Knapp,Lazcar, McPherson, Mallory, Menzies, Mitch-
ell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Noble,
Patton, Porter, Alexander IL Eice, Sargent, Shanks, Shef-
field, Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallandighatn, Wadsworth,
Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wa«shburne, Albert S. White,
Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wilson, and Worcester—48.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. STRATTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Nixon, had gone home in consequence of
sickness in his family.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I now make the motion
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned till the third Wednesday in December next;
and on that I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays'on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Ashley, Babbitt, Joseph
Baily, Baker, Bingham, George U. Browne, Buflinton, Cal-
vert,Campbell, Ohamhoihn, Clements, Oovode, Co*, Crit-
tenden, Dawes, Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, Fenton, Gridei, Hall,
Harding, Hanison, Hickman, llolmau, Johnson, Julian,
Killinger, Ktutpp, Lazcar, Loonns, McPhcrson, Mallory,
Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morull, Justin S.
Morrill, Mori is, Noble, Patton, Peitcr, Potter, Richardson,
Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargrnt, Shanks,
fheflield, Sliiel, William G. Steel'1, Vallandighatn, Van
Horn, Verrce, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wallace, E. P. Wal-
ton, Washburne, Alberts. White,Chilton A. White, Wick-
liffe, Wilson, Woodruff, and Worcester—07.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Baxter, Beaman,
Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Casey, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conklmg, Roscoe Conklmg, Delano, Dlven,
Duell, Edwards, Feqsenden, Franehot, Frank, Gianger,
Hooper, Hutchins, ICelloy, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing,
Leary, Lovcjoy, MeKnight, Olin, Pendleton, Pony, Pike,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle, Sedgwick, Hhel-
labarger, Sloan, Smith, Spaulding, John H. Steele, Stiatton,
Jleujarniri F. Thomas, Tram, Tiovvbridge, Van Valken-
burgh, Ward, Whaley, Windom, and Wright—oO.
So the bill was postponed till the third Wednes-
day in December next.
During the vote,
Mr. PIKE stated that his colleague, Mr. Good-
win, was detained from the House by sickness in
his family.
Mr. FENTON repeated the statement that his
colleagues, Messrs. Clark and Wheeler, were
detained from the House in consequence of sick-
ness in Mr. Clark's family.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was postponed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask unanimous consent lo re-
port bark from the Committee on Public Build-
ings anil Grounds the joint resolution (S. No. 50)
transferring the supervision of the Capitol exten-
sion and the erection of the now dome to the De-
partment of the Interior.
Mr. McPHERSON. I will not object, if the
gentleman from Massachusetts will ailow me to
offer an amendment to the bill when it comes
before the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to state that this mat-
ter has been before the committee 
The SPEAKER.. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to state for the inform-
ation of the House 
The SPEAKER. No statement is in order
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
Further objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask for the readme
of the joint resolution. °
The joint resolution was read. It transfers the
supervision of the Capitol extension and the erec-
April 14,
tion of the new dome from the War Department
to the Department of the Interior, and directs that
all unexpended money which has been heretofore
appropriated,and all money which may be here-
after appropriated for either of these improve-
ments, snail be expended under the direction and
supervision of the Secretary of the Interior.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. TRAIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Train and
Ciiamberlin were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 54, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRAIN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 29, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beainan, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, William G.
Brown, Buflinton, Calveit, Campbell. Casey, Chamherlin,
Clements, Colfax, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn,
Fenton, Fessenden, Franehot, Fiank, Granger, Hale. Hall,
Hauling, IIuLchme, Julian, Killmger, Lansing, Law, La-
zear, Leary, MeKnight, Malloiy, Mitchell, Morris, Noble,
Noell, Patten, Perry, Pike, Potter, AlcxandcrH. Itice, John
II. itice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shiel, Sloan, Smith, Spaulditig, John B. Steele,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiain, Van Horn, Vciree. Ward,
Whaley, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, Windom,
Woodinff, Worcester, and Wnght—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Ancona, Joseph Baily, Samuel S.
Blair, Frederick A. Conkling, Itoscoe Conkling, Grider,
Ilairison, Hickman, Kelley, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lovcjoy,
MePherson, Moorhead, Pendleton, Porter, Richardson,
James S. Rollins, Sargent, William G. Steele, Stratton,
Trowbridge, Vallandigham, Van Valkenburgh,Wadsworth,
Washburne, Wickliffe, and Wilson—29.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
Mr. TRAIN thereupon reported the joint res-
olution back to the House.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
ordering the joint resolution to a third reading.
Mr. TRAIN. This resolution was reported
unanimously from the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate, and it passed that
body, after full discussion, with but three dissent-
ing votes. That discussion lias been printed in
the Globe, and I suppose everybody understands
it. Unless, therefore, somebody desires to dis-
cuss it, I will ask the previous question on the
third reading of the joint resolution.
Mr. McPHERSON. With the consent of the
gentleman, I desire to say a very few words upon
the subjectof the joint resolution. Now, sir, I have
no objection to the new dome of the Capitol being
completed, nor do I object to the expenditure of
whatever money may be necessary to protect the
work on Uk Capitol generally from injury by the
elements.
The feature of the bill to which I do object, how-
ever, is that which makes an absolute and uncon-
ditional transfer of the superintendence of the
whole work from the President, where it was
originally placed and has since remained, to the
Secretary of the Interior.
When the first appropriation was made for com-
mencing the work on the two wings, it was pro-
vided that it should be done under the general
superintendence of the President of the United
States. Accordingly, Mr. Fillmore, who was
then President, turned it over to the head of the
Interior Department. Itromainod under his super-
intendence probably for two years, when Con-
gress made provision for investigating the condi-
tion of the work, and the report of the committee
which was appointed for that purpose showed
such frauds as to challenge the attention of Con-
gress and the country.
Upon the accession of Mr. Piercc to the Presi-
dency the work was transferred by him from the
Interior to the War Department, with a view of
having the entire work placed under an officer of
the engineer corps. Since, that time the general
superintendence of the work has continued in the
War Department by the consent and direction of
the President of the United States.
But the difficulty to remedy which this resolu-
tion is intended, as I understand, is the unwill-
ingness of General Meigs, who has had charge of
the work, to go on and complete the dome. Now,
I am willing to pass any provision that may bo
necessary to require the completion of the dome,
mid for doing- whatever may be necessary to pro-
tect the whole budding from damage, but T am
opposed to taking the general supervision of the
work out of the hands of the President and placing
it in the hands of any of the heads of Departments.
It is a thing which never has been done before,
and I think for the sake of safety should not be
done now.
The general idea I had upon this subject, I had
embodied in the shape of an amendment to this
effect: that the President be requested to order
the resumption of work on the new dome of the
Capitol, and the expenditure of so much of the
appropriations for that purpose as maybe neces-
sary to complete it; and to order such other work
as may be necessary to protect the Capitol build-
ing from injury by the elements; and that he
make all appointments and arrangements neces-
sary therefor. That would leave the responsibility
with the President,where itahvays has been,and
where, I think, it ought to be. I submit that
amendment as a substitute for the joint resolution.
Mr. TRAIN. I decline to yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. McPHERSON. Then I hope the resolu-
tion will be defeated.
Mr. COVODE. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I think I can satisfy
my colleague [Mr. McPherson] that the Presi-
dent never has taken the control of this work. On
the contrary, when Jeff Davis was Secretary of
War he asserted the control of this and of all the
public buildings, without consulting either the
President or the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. McPHERSON. If my colleague will allow
me, I will say that he is entirely mistaken in that
statement. 1 have had occasion to make some
investigation into the matter. I have in my pos-
session, and I am sorry that it is not before me at
this moment, a report in which maybe found the
original order of President Pierce, dated, I think,
in May, 1853, transferring the work on the Capitol
extension from the Interior to the War Depart-
ment, giving as a reason therefor that it was to be
placed in charge of a regular officer of the engineer
corps, and for the reason that while the work was
under the charge of a civil superintendent mon-
strous frauds were committed.
Mr. COVODE. In answer to the gentleman on
that point, he certainly must have become satis-
fied , if he has examined the subject, that there have
been as great frauds since it has been in the hands
of the War Department.
The only objection I had to the passage of this
bill in its present shape was, that I was author-
ized by the Committee on Public Expenditures to
report a resolution for the transfer, not only of
this building, but of all the public buildings and
the water works, from the War to the Interior
Department. Inasmuch, however, as this reso-
lution would have to go back to the Senate, if
amended as the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds propose, I will not interpose any
objections to its passage, but leave the remainder
of the work to be accomplished by another bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like tosayasin-
gle word upon the subject of this resolution. The
work on this Capitol was by some order or other—
I do not understand precisely what—placed under
the superintendence of General Meigs, then a cap-
tain in the engineer corps of the Army. About
the time Floyd commenced the distribution of can-
non and arms, he fell out with Meigs, and he was
in the art of removing him from his position as
superintendent, when an appropriation was made
by Congress to continue the work on the Capitol,
with the requirement that it should be expended
under the superintendence of General Meigs. To
get clear of that requirement, and to get clear of
the vigilance Meigs was exercising over him,
Floyd sent him down to Florida among themus-
quitoes, and placed the superintendence of the
work under somebody else.
After Floyd had distributed nearly all the arms
in the possession of the Government, and had
retired from the War Department, Meigs was
recalled and again placed in charge of the work
assigned to him by Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT. And he Juts done nothing on
the Capitol since.
Mr. WICKL1 FFE. And he ought to do noth-
ing at this time. L<;t us take care of the country
first and finish the Capitol afterwards.
i\Jr. McKNlGHT. I cannot see why there
should be any objection upon the part of any per-
son in this House to this resolution. Something
certainly should be done to secure more efficient
operations in the completion of the Capitol.
