1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
637
In 1837, Mr. Webster said:
" Congress has authority to regulate, and must regulate
end control, any and all paper which cither States or indi-
viduals might desire to put into circulation purporting to
represent coin, and to take its place in the uses of trade and
commerce."
On this general subject lie spoke as follows, in
the Senate of the United States, on the 28th of
September, 1837. (Annalsof1Twenty-Fifth Con-
gress, first session, page 317:)
"Now, sir, by this Constitution, Congress is authorized
to 1 coin money, to regulate the value thereof, and of foreign
coinsand all the States aie prohibited fiom coining money
and fiom making anything but gold and silvcrcoinsatendei
In payment of debts. Suppose the Constitution had stopped
heie,"it would still have established theall-impoitantpomt
ot a uniform money system. By this provision, Congiess
is to furnibh com, or regulate coin,foi all the States. Theie
is to be but one money standard for the country. And the
standard of value to be established by Congress is to be a
currency, and not bullion merely; because we find it is to
be coin—that is, it is to be one or the other of the precious
metals, bearing an authentic stamp of value, and parsing
therefor by tale. That is to be the standard of value. A
standard of value, thciefoie, and a money lor circulation,
were thus expressly provided for And if nothing else had
been done, would it not have been a reasonable and neces-
sary inference from this povvei that Congress had authority
to regulate, find must regulate and contiol, any and all pa-
per which either States or individuals might desiie to put
into circulation, puipoiting to represent this com, and to
take its place in the uses of trade and commerce? It is
very evident that the Constitution intended something more
than to provide a medium for the payment of debts to Gov-
ernment. The object was a uniform currency for the use
of the whole people, m all the transactions of life; and it
was manifestly the intent of the Constitution that the power
to maintain such a cunency should be given to Congress.
But it would make the system incongruous and incomplete;
it would be denying to Congress the moans necesriaiy to
accomplish ends winch were manifestly intended; it would
render the whole provision in a great ineasuie nugatoiv, if,
when Congi ess had established a com lot cunency and cir-
culation, it should have no povvei to maintain it a  an actual
circulation, nor to tegulatc or control paper emissions de-
signed to occupy its place and perjot m the same functions that
it would on the coinage povcr alone ; and on a fair and just
and reasonable mfeience fiom it. thetefoie, 1 should be of
opinion that Congi cs-s was authotixed and was bound to
piofctthc commumtyagamstall evils which mightthreateu
from a deluge of currency of another kind, filling up. m
point of fact, all the channels of circulation. And tlusopin-
lon is not new. It has oiten been expiessed beioie,and
was cogently mged by Mr. Dallas, the Seerctaiy of the
Treasury, m his "icpoit in 1816. He ^a\s, 1 whenever the
emeigeney oecuts that demands a change of system, it
seems ne^essanly to follow that the authority which was
alone competent to estabh&h the national com, is alone com-
petent to create a national substitute.'"
Mr. Webster held in the same argument that,
under the power of Congress to regulate commerce
" between the States," there is a " full and com-
plete grant, which includes authority over every-
thing that is a part of commerce or essential to
commerce/' What, he asked, is more 44 essen-
tial" under this head than u money?" And he
added that, " whether that money be coin or paper,
or however it has acquired the character of money
or currency, if it has become an actual agent or
instrument in the performance of commercial
transactions, it necessarily theieby becomes sub-
ject to the regulations and control of Congress:5'
" I am for no new experiments; but I am foi a sound cur-
rency for the countiy. And J mean by thi^ a convertible
cuirency, so tai a-5 it conM^ta of paper. I differ altogether
in this respref fiom the gentleman fiom South Carolina.
Meio Government papet,not payable otherwise than by
being received lor taxes, has no pietensc to be called a cui-
rency. After all that can be -aid about it, .such paper is
mere paper money. Ft i-< nothing but bills of eiedit. It
always has been and always will be depicciated. Sii, we
want specie and we want papei of universal credit, and
which is convertible into specie at the will of the holder.
That system of cunency the expo lence of the woild, and
our own expenence, have both fully approved."
So spake Mr. Webster on the 28th September,
1837. That was his matured opinion, given the
year after his speech on "the specie circular,"
which is relied on by the other side. His last
utterance must be accepted as his opinion ; and, in
so far as it con flicts with his opinion in 1S1G against
any but a metallic or specie currency, or against
anything being declared money or lawful tender
but gold and silver, this later opinion, as to him
and all who claim under him, must control. For
myself, upon his own authority, I reject what he
said in 1816, and what he said of legal tender in
1836, and adopt his clearer and sounder statement
of 1837: that under the power of Congress to reg-
ulate commerce among the several States, theie is
a full and completegrant which includes authority
over everything which is a part of commerce or
essential to commerce, including money of coin or
paper.
Now, sir, in this connection, I desire to say that
that is money inany country which the sovereignty
may itself declare to be money within the limits
of its jurisdiction. I do not claim that any one sov-
ereignty may declare what shall be money univer-
sally among all nations, because no sovereignty
has extra-territorial jurisdiction; but I assert the
proposition that that is money within the juris-
diction of every country which the sovereignty
thereof declares to be money and makes money.
I should be greatly obliged if some gentleman
would rise in his place and cite me some com-
manding authority which shows the contrary of
this. Do notgentlemen know that by the decrees
of sovereignty, at one time and another, iron has
been money, shells have been money, hides have
been money, and cattle have been money? My
colleague is not unskilled in the literature of that
people foremost of all the pagan nations. He will
remember that Homer says, " the armor of Dio-
mede cost only nine oxen, and that of Glaucus
cost a hundred."
Mr. WRIGHT. They had no written Con-
stitution, and we have.
Mr. BINGHAM. My friend is right, and I
appreciate his remark. What is money? It is
a long time since I read the remarkable essay of
Hume upon this subject. 1 am not aware that I
have seen it for many years. But I believe that
his definition will answer as well as any other.
" Money," he said, " is that which is authorized
by the sovereign, and agreed upon among men
(speaking of course through their sovereign) as
the standard of value, and the medium for the
exchange of commodities."
By that sovereignty which is known by the
name of " the people of the United States of Amer-
ica,"the Government of the United States has
been invested with this attribute of sovereignty,
which is inseparable from every sovereignty be-
neath the sun—the power to determine what shall
be money; that is to say, what shall be the stand-
ard of value; what shall be the medium of ex-
change for the purpose of facilitating exchange
and regulating all commercial transactions of the
country and among the people. If the Govern-
ment of the United States had not that power, it
would be poor indeed—I will go a step further,
and say it would be no Government at all.
Some one asks, whence is this power derived ?
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wright]
made a suggestion, for which I thank him. I re-
ceive nothing unkindly in the way of suggestions
from anybody. 1 learn from everybody. I have
been all my life learning,and have never yetseea
a human being from whom I could not learn some-
thing. My friend suggested that the Grecian
States had no wntten constitution, but that we
have. I am not unmindful of the fact that we have
a written Constitution. I have asserted in my place
heretofore—and 1 think it was not altogether kind
in gentlemen upon the other side of the House to
intimate that I occupied any other position—that
in determining the powers of this Government, I
neither dared to look nor desired to look beyond
the Constitution, its grants of power, and itslim-
'itations of power, express or implied. That is
j precisely where I stand. I yield to no man upon
I this side of the House, or upon the other side, in
! i-cvercnce for the Constitution, in respect for its
I limitations of power, or in the conviction that as
! Representatives of the people we should not in any
particular trench upon its limitations, made for
the protection either of the people or of the States.
But, sir, I return to my inquiry. I was refer-
ring to the power conferred by the Constitution
1 upon the Congress of the United States to detcrm-
I ine what shall be money everywhere within the
, juiisdiction of the United States, what shall be
the standaid of value in the exchange of commod-
ities and in all commercial transactions, and what
shall be a lawful tender in the discharge of debts
I or obligations. I have no difficulty, sir, upon this
[ subject; and I think that gentlemen, when they
j come to examine the question carefully and con-
> siderately, will have no difficulty upon the sub-
i ject-
! In the first place, the Constitution has expiessly
;| provided that Congiuss shall have power to reg-
i> ulate commerce with all foreign nations, among
■; the several States, and with the Indian tribes.
This geneial piovision of the Constitution has
j| frequently undergone interpretation in our Su-
ij preme Court, and the effect of this language has
[I been matter of deliberate consideration with every
|i man who has ventured to issue a treatise upon
the Constitution of the United States. Whoever
takes the pains to look into either of these author-
ities—-the decisions of the Supreme Court or the
writers upon the true construction of the Consti-
tution—will discover that they all agree in this,
that this power to regulate commerce includes the
exercise of all powers necessary to the existence
of commerce among the several States, and ex-
tends even to its prohibition, when the public ne-
cessities require it. This, I undertake to say, is
matter of agreement among all who have written
upon the construction of the Constitution, and is
substantially the juling of the Supreme Court.
Sir, if there were no limitin thcConstitution upon
this general power of Congress to regulate com-
merce, I would say at once that the Congress of
the United States might make anything money
which it pleased. But there are certain hmita
tions in the Constitution. Money has a twofold
office. It determines the standard of value on the
one hand, and it discharges obligations on the
other. There is a limitation, and I am Tree to
admit it. That brings me to the very pith and
marrow of this debate.
What is that limitation ? That ia the important
point. I desired to-day to ask the attention of my
excellent friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrili.] to
the question whether the Constitution of the u ni-
ted States has declared what shall be a legal tender.
He did. not find it convenient-to yield to me for
that inquiry. 1 stand here to assert that the Con-
stitution of the United States has nowhere declared
what shall be a legal tender. I stand here to as-
sert further, that nothing has ever been made a
legal tender in the United States at any time, in
discharge of private obligations, or of public ob-
ligations either, of universal application instates
and Territories alike, except that which was made
so by act of Congress. Your Constitution, I re-
peat, never made gold and silver a legal tender. It
never made anything a legal tender in the dis-
charge of debts. The Constitution simply con-
ferred the poweron Congress byitsgeneral grants
of power to declare by law what shall be a legal
tender. Gold and silver and copper, if I recollect
aright—and if 1 am wrong I hope the venerable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
will correct me—have been all made alike legal
tenders, at one time or other, by act of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow mc
to say that, when silver coin was last debased
seven and a half per cent., it was made a legal
tender to a certain amount?
Mr. BINGHAM. The chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee [Mr. Hickman] has very kindly
suggested to mc that, according to the argument
which we have heard here to-day, and assuming
to be true all that has been said on the other side
on this subject, if the Constitution has not made
gold and silver a legal tender, then gold and sil-
ver are not a legal tender, and cannot be made so
by act of Congtess.
I am obliged to my colleague of the Judiciary
Committee for the suggestion. I repeat it,sir, that
there is not aline, or word, or syllabic in the Con-
stitution which makes anything a legal tender—
gold, or sdver, or anything else. But Congress
has the power to regulate commerce, and there can
be no such thing as a well-regulated commerce
without a law, enacted by the sovereign, determin-
ing what shall be a lawful tender in the discharge
of obligations payable in money only.
This being so, it does seem to me that the alarm
and outcry that have been made here against the
constitutionality of the legal tender provision of
the bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means are stripped somewhat of their formidable
proportions. *
Rut I am not disposed to leave this point here.
Gentlemen have asked whether Congress can im-
pair the obligation of contracts, and what limita-
tions there are in the Constitution of the United
States in that behalf? I recognize, I trust, the
obligations of peisonal integrity in all contracts
between man and man as fully as any other gen-
tleman on this floor; but 1 am speaking now to a
! question of constitution all aw, of legislative power.
| There is a limitation on the power of the States that
i no State shall pass any law impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts; but I ask my learned colleague
[Mr. Pendleton] to lay his finger on a like
ation in the Constitution upon the power of the
Federal Congress. If I recollect aright, the bu-
preme Court itself has declared that this limitation
