638
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
February 4,
did not operate on Congress. I see my learned
friend of the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Thomas]
attending to what I say,and Iappeal to him whether
I am right in my recollectiun of that matter. My
friend assents to it. He is generally right on these
questions; I may say he is always right. Gentle-
men, by denouncing this proposed measure as im-
pairing the obligation of contracts, seem to hope
that thereby they will frighten the American Con-
gress from its propriety in this hour of the nation's
peri], when everything depends on the settlement
of the question of the power of Congress, and its
just and prompt exercise in clothing the Execu-
tive, the judiciary, and the Army with the lawful
power to save the people and the people's Consti-
tution, not in violation of law, but in accordance
with law.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the attention of gentle-
men who have undertaken to press into this ar-
gument this supposed limitation on the power of
Congress, and its incapacity to impair the obli-
gation of contracts, to the legislation of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress; and 1 ask particularly the at-
tention of my excellent friend from Vermont [Mr.
Morkill] to the provisions of that law. lie
voted for it; so did I; and so did my friend the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Indeed,
according to my recollection, it received no seri-
ous opposition in the House. It is some five
years since that law was passed. At the time
of its passage I assert that by the then existing
law of the United States every private debt or
contract for the mere payment of money could
be absolutely and forever discharged by the ten-
der, in foreign coin, of the amount of such money
contracts. "Why ? Because by the then existing
law foreign com was declared to be a legal tender
in the discharge of debts of every description,
public and private. What did Congress do at
that time? It repealed the preexisting law, and
declared that foreign com should not be a legal
tender in the discharge of any obligation) either
public or private. Was there any impairing of
contracts in that? What became of the interests
of Mr. A, Mr. 13, or Mr. C who, on the very day
of the passage of that act owed a debt of
$2,000, or $5,000, and had, by the existing hiw of
CongrcsM the right to discharge it in foreign coin?
Was any constitutional limitation invaded there?
Not at all. What decision has ever been made by
any Federal or State court, from that hour to this,
questioning the validity of (hat statute?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In regard to this
matter of regulating the value of foreign coin, it, is
to be noted that the Constitution expressly gives
to Congress the power to fix the value of foreign
coin. .That power is given in the Constitution, in
so many words. Now, I ask my fi lend from Ohio
to point out as many words giving Congress the
power to make paper money a leiral tender. In
relation to foreign coin, everybody who made a
contract did so with his ryes open to the fact that
Congress might make a change m regaid to that
matter. But when it comes to making paper money
a legal tender, there is not a word m the Consti-
tution about it.
Mr. BINGHAM. My friend from Vermont
can make nothing by his motion, for in the same
clause and line of the Constitution, Congress is
authorized to regulate the value of domestic com.
" Congress shall have power to coin money, regu-
late the value thereof"—of what5 Of the money
it coins—■" and of foreign coins." It can do that
at any time. But says the gentleman fiom Ver-
mont [Mr. Mourill] " 1 ask my friend from Ohio
to ponuoutas many wordsgiving Congress power
to make paper money a legal tender."
Su , the gentleman's question is answered by
asking another of him: point out the icords m
the Constitution giving to Congress the power
to make gold or silver coin, either foreign or do-
mestic, illegal tender. There are no«3ueh words.
The gentleman seems to infer because Congress
is expressly authorized " to legulatc the value of
foreign coin," it is therefore m words authorized
to declare foreign com a legal tender. Such a con-
clusion is by no means selt-evident. The Consti-
tution declai es that no State shall make anything
but gold and silver coin a tender inpayment of
debts." No one doubts,I pi csumc, that any State
of the Union may make the legalized gold and silver
com of the United States ua tender in paymentof
debts;" but does it thence result that a State may
either regulate or change the established value
of foreign or domestic coin ? If any State could
do this, the very purpose of the Constitution to
secure a uniform standard of value, would be de-
feated. But, sir, if the power to make gold and
silver coin a legallender, necessarily involves, and
is in fact a power to regulate its value, it logically
results that as each State may make gold and silver
coin a legal tender, each State may regulate the
value thereof. The power to regulate the value of
coin, and to declare what shall be a legal tender,
are as separate and distinct as are any other two
distinctive powers in Congress—as distinct and
separate, sir, as are your powers to lay and col-
lect taxes, and your power to establish post offices
and post roads.
The point 1 make is this: Congress has power,
by the terms of the Constitution, to fix the stand-
ard value of foreign coin, and of domestic coin,
and the power to declare a legal tender, and that
these powers are distinct. My friend from Ver-
mont agreed with me in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress in sweeping away the existing statutes of
Congress, which made foreign coin a legallender
in the discharge of debts; and by the same enact-
ment changed and fixed anew the value of foreign
coin. I want to know, if we can rightfully exer-
cise that power in relation to the rights of debtor
and creditor, touching foreign coin, by what logic
my colleague [Mr. Pendleton] arrives at the
conclusion that we cannot as well exercise it in
relation to its domestic coin ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man yield to me?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question upon this subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear my colleague.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Congress is, by the
Constitution, expressly empowered to regulate
the value of coins. Now, 1 wish to ask my col-
league whether the value thus regulated is not the
legal value of the coin; and if therefore it is not a
legal tender, although the word " tender" is not
written in the Constitution?
Mr. BINGHAM. I agtee that what Congress
declares and enacts shall be the value of coin, is
the legal value of «uch coin; but, sir, an act de-
claring the legal value of coin doe* not make it a
legal tender. I have just said the Thirty-Fourth
Congress passed an act which changes and fixes
anew the value of foreign coin, but which act ex-
pressly declares that such com shall not be a legal
tender.
I thank my colleague for his inquiry of me.
And what I now say in reply. I desiie to impress
upon this committee that nothing ever was a legal
tender under the Constitution of the United States
in dischaige of debt but by express provision of an
act of'Congress.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I misunder-
stood my colleague m the former portion of his
lemaiks. I understood him to argue that the Con-
stitution did not empower Congress to make gold
and silver coin a legal tender in payment of debt.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman certainly did
misunderstand what 1 said ifhe so understood me.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I amglad tohearit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I asserted thatCongiess had
the power under and by the Constitution to declare
what should be a legal tender, but was not re-
stricted by any cxpiess or implied provision or
construction of the Constitution to gold and silver.
My argument was that Congress had by express
grant of the Constitution power to regulate com-
merce, and that, resultant from that power, it had
also the power to declare what should be received
in payment of debt. 1 said also,on the other hand,
that Congress was empowered by the terms of the
Constitution to fix the standard value of foreign
and domestic coins, whether of gold or silver, iron
or copper.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What I understood
the gentleman to say was this: that the Constitu-
tion did not authorize Congress to make gold and
silver a legal tender, that it was silent upon that
subject; but I understood him to argue that be-
cause Congress had assumed the power of making
gold and silver a legal tender, it might also proceed
to make a legal tender of paper.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. I say that the
Constitution nowhere declares what shall be a
legal tender.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I affirm thatitdocs
in effect.
Mr. BINGHAM. That it does?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to see the gen-
tleman point out the clause.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will if the gen-
tleman will give me the opportunity,
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a simple question with his per-
mission. Taking the standard of gold and silver
as it is established by law to-day, a contract is
entered into for the payment of a debt in gold and
silver at the present standard, that being by law a
legal tender; hut suppose the gold and silver should
before the debtbecomcs due, by act of Congress,
be debased thirty-three per cent., can that coin so
debased be made a legal tender for the payment
of that debt ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It may be made a
legal tender, if Congress has the power to debase
coin; but I deny thai the power conferred by the
Constitution on Congress to coin money and reg-
ulate the value thereof, confers the power to de-
base the coin of the country. There is no such
power in Congress; and 1 think that is a sufficient
answer to the gentleman's question.
Mr. HICKMAN. That, it strikes me, is dodg-
ing the question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not at all. _
Mr. HICKMAN. Congress has, from time to
time, changed the alloy of gold and silver coin.
Now, if it may make coin so alloyed a legal tender
in payment of a debt arising out of a contract,
and in the mean time, before the debt becomes
due, Congress again changes the alloy, debasing
the coin to the extent of one third its value, can
that coin so debased be made a legal tender in pay-
ment of that debt? Would notthat,by the argu-
ment of the opponents of this bill, be as much a
violation of that clausc of the Constitution as to
make paper a legal tender?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I answer, that if
the purpose of the act of Congress be simply to
change the alloy in order to harden the metal and
make it more serviceable for the purposes of a cur-
rency, not to change its value, that Congress has
certainly the right to do it; but because Congress
has the implied right to do that under the power to
coin money and regulate the value thereof, it does
not follow that it may alloy the coin for the pur-
pose of debasing it. The intent of the act makes
the distinction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman knows that
I am a generous fellow, [laughter,] but I cannot
have all my time taken up. 1 hope the gentleman
will make his question brief.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. IfCongress have
the power to debase the coin of the country by
mixing with the gold and silver, in the shape of
alloy, other metals, I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if lie derives from that fact the
power of Congress to debase it in any other way.
Mr. HICKMAN. The question I asked the
gentleman from Ohio was in answer to the argu-
ment which has been made here by the opponents
of this bill, that Congress can pass no law impair-
ing the obligations of contracts; yet if a contract
is made to-day by which I am to be paid a certain
amount in the picsent standard of gold and silver
com, and to-morrow Congiess passes a law de-
basing that coin thirty-three per cent., I am re-
quired to take that debased com in payment of
the debt, and my contract is thus impaired to the
extent of thirty-three per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I admit the
power of Congress to debase the coin; but how
would the gentleman derive from that power the
power of Congress to substitute as a legal tender
something else than coin?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania aquestion.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 understand that my time
has already well nigh expired, but I hope the com-
mittee will allow me an extension of time to the
extent of that which has been taken out of my
hour by other gentlemen. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. When the
gentleman from Pennsylvania says the obligation
of a contract is impaired, I want to ask him if in
law this very essential provision of the Constitu-
tion does not enter into the contract, and if the
contract must not conform to it? For instance,
