2620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
it may not be required; in the State of Massachu-
setts or Vermont it may be required. My objec-
tion is, that it puts too much power in the hands
of the district attorneys, and they are made up of
men with passions similar to other men.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I should certainly
have no objection to having the law uniform in
its application all over the United States; but I see
no immediate necessity to make it so at the pres-
ent time. This discretion may be safely left, as
it seems to me, in the hands of the officer repre-
senting the United States. But I was proceeding
to show the utter absurdity of bringing a juror
into a jury box to enforce the laws of the United
States when he utterly repudiates those laws and
is a rebel against those laws. It is perfectly idle
and absurd to ask a juror to enforce the laws of a
Government that he considers already destroyed
and annihilated, and to undergo the^ mockery of
bringing such a man into a court of justice to en-
t force the laws of that Government which he hon-
est! y believes is already annihilated and destroyed,
and has no authority whatever. I suppose that
the proper jurors are those who acknowledge the
authority of the Government under which they
act, by whose precept they have been brought
into court, and that no other persons are proper
jurors. When we propose to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels, we are met with this objection,
" you should have an indictment and a conviction,
and should abide by the time-honored customs of
the common law," and there is force, I admit, in
that position. I have respectfor the constitutional
scruples ofgentlemon who believe we cannot con-
fiscate without the proceedings of the common law
first having been resorted to; but here is a pro-
ceeding entirely distinct; no one doubts our right
to lay down the qualifications for jurors in the
Federal courts, ana I hope that no objection will
prevail against this bill. I have been informed
and verily believe that in many of the seceded
States, and in some of the border States, without
some such provision as this the laws against
treason can never be enforced. I can readilyim-
agine a case where it would be impossible to pro-
cure a conviction. You must have the concur-
rence of twelve men, and one single man who is
packed for the purpose will prevent a conviction
for treason in any of the seceded States, and per-
haps in many of the border States. I should have
no objection to making this universal, because the
man who will not take an oath that he is and has
been true to the Constitution of the United States,
is unfit for a juror in that or any other case.
Gentlemen say jurors may have been seduced
from their allegiance, may have been misled, may
have given involuntary aid to the rebellion. Pa-
triotism should be made of sterner stuff; and when
men are called upon to adjudicate on the lives and
property of their fellows, they should come into
court with clean hands. I can see no impropriety
in the bill, and shall be gratified at its passage,
and 1 hope it will pass by the universal concur-
rence of the whole Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word or two in sup-
port of this bill. I think if my honorable friend,
the Senator from Virginia, had read and consid-
ered the bill with his usual care and attention, he
would have found that there was no valid objec-
tion to it. The effect of the bill is merely to create
causes of challenge to jurors, grand and petit.
One objection which he rakes to the bill is, that it
is optionary with the district attorney to avail
himself of the cause of challenge or not. That is
a universal principal of law now in all criminal
cases. There are by common law, and by stat-
utory law, various causes of challenge in criminal
cases. The attorney representing the State may
avail himself of any existing cause of challenge
or not at his discretion and judgment, and his
sense of duty in his ofiicc. The additional causcs
of challenge that are prescribed by this bill are to
have precisely the same effect as those now exist-
ing. Why are they to have the same effect ? Why
are they to be treated by the district attorney just
like the existing causes of challenge. For this
plain and obvious reason: men may have performed
acts that would subject them to be challenged for
the causes specified into this bill; but they may
have returned to their loyalty, and may be good
citizens, and perfectly willing to execute the laws
of Congress. Where such a change has come
over a man, the district attorney would very prob-
ably know it, and he knowing it, would be will-
ing to intrust him with the execution of the law.
What will be the application of this bill, then, if
it shall become a law. The district attorney may
omit wholly to take any cause of challenge against
such an individual,but receive him as a legal and
good juror, because he is satisfied that he is will-
ing to execute the law. But suppose, on the con-
trary , that the district attorney knows a man sum-
moned as juror is yet disloyal, that he is one of
those men who have been stricken by the wand
of a great and devilish enchanter with the spirit
of secessionism; and that in consequence of the
moral and mental derangement that ensues when
such a spell as that seizes upon a man,he denies
that there is any longer any Constitution, or any
Government, or any obligation to the United
States Government, then the district attorney
would say, "sir, you take this oath," and he
might take it or not as he pleased; but if he de-
clined to take it he would only be quietly and
silently set aside, and a better man called m his
place, and there would be no harm done. Would
not that be right?
In the State of Kentucky, as I remarked be-
fore, one third of the population, men, women,
and children, are disloyal; one third of them de-
sire the success of the southern confederacy, and
the overthrow of the armies of the United States,
and they assume the extraordinary and diabolical
positions before stated. When we talk to them
about the violation of an oath, they say there
are no oaths now of any obligation or effect.
When we speak to them of duty and obligation
to their Government they answer, we have no
Government. When we talk to them of the su-
premacy of the Constitution, they say " the abo-
litionists have already broken the Constitution,
and there is no longer any Constitution in exist-
ence." When men assume such positions and
reason thus, what can be more absurd than to
expect that they would ever unite in executing the
laws to punish treason against any traitor who
was arraigned and upon trial? There are one
third of the men of my State who would scorn
and defy any oath which could bo imposed upon
them to try according to law and evidence any
traitor in the State. It is for the purpose of win-
nowing our juries, grand and petit, and having
true and proper men upon them, men who ac-
knowledge their legal and constitutional obliga-
tions to support the Government, and who admit
the sanctity and obligations of an oath, and their
obedicnce and duty to respect their oaths as
jurors; it is to get men of that character and moral
sense upon grand and petit juries that I have at-
tempted to devise this oil!. I think it will have
the right effect.
Now, if the Senator from Pennsylvania and the
Senator from Virginia had taken their objections
to the bill as it was originally drafted, I admit that
it would have been to some extent subject to them.
When the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] made his objection, I was struck with its
truth and force. I immediately acknowledged it,
and conferred with him as to the best mode of
obviating it; and then I had a suggestion from his
colleague, theotherSeftatorfrom New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] that the best mode would be to
place these objections to a juror in the form of
cause of challenge; it struck me immediately as
the proper form, and that being put in the form
of causes for challenge, it would be optionary
with a discreet and sensible district attorney to
avail himself of the cause of challenge or not. If
the man who was produced to be sworn as a juror
was of such character and such moral structure
as that the officer knew there would be no hazard
to the Government in permitting him to serve
upon the jury, he would omit to make the chal-
lenge, and the man would be admitted as a grand
or petit juror, as the case might be, and would be
sworn as though there was no objection against
him.
It seems to me that the bill is very discreetly
guarded; that it will do no unnecessary mischief;
and if we intend to have the laws against treason
and similar laws executed in the border slave
States, we cannot get along without the aid of
such a bill as this.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Coilamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Lane
of Indiana, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, Wil-
son ol Massachusetts, and Wiight—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carllle, Kennedy, Powell,and
Saul&b«ry—3.
So the bill was i
The title was amended so as to read, " A bill
defining additional causes of challenge, and pre-
scribing an additional oath for grand and petit
jurors in the United States courts.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move
that the Senate now procecd to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 9, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
and pay interest on the public debt, with various
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of committees for re-,
ports for reference only, under which call no
measure reported could be brought back upon a
motion to reconsider.
The committees were called through, but no
reports were made.
TERRITORY OF UTAH.
Mr. BERNHEISEL, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a constitution formed by a
convention of delegates assembled at Salt Lake
City, Territory of Utah, in January last, accom-
panied with a memorial asking Congress to ad-
mit the Territory of Utah into the Union as a
State upon an equal footing with all the States.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
BARK LUCKNOW.
Mr. ENGLISH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to change the name of the baik Luck-
now; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COX. I desire to offer a resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business, inasmuch as the States
will be called for resolutions presently.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to move to refer the tax bill, in order
that the amendments may be printed ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill of the
House (No. 312) to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, and pay interest on the
public debt, be taken from the Speaker's table,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill to incorporate the Mount
Olivet Cemetery of the District of Columbia;
when the Speaker signed the same.
The regular order of business being called for,
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States for
resolutions and bills of which previous notice had
been given.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE offered the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be (iirectcd to
