1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Joseph Unify. Baxter, Benimtn, Bingham, Fmneis P. BInir,
George H. Krowne, Buflinton, Calveit, Campbell, Ca^ey,
Clements, Colfax. Covode, Dunlap, Dunn. Edwards,Eliot,
Fessenden, Fianehot. Grander, Gudcr, Hall, Julian. Elan-
ds W. Kellogg, Kcru'gmi. Knapp, Lansing. Lel)m;in, Mai-
loiy. MeiszJCsfju>tin S. Morrill, Oim, Patton, Peny. Pot-
tet, Puce, Alexander JI. Riee, Richardson, Riddle, Ed waul
li. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sloan,
Spaulding, John B Steele, Strauon, Van Horn, Waid,
Washhurne, Wilson. Windom, Woodruff, and Wright—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Bakei, Samuel S. Blair,
William G. Brown, Chambeilin, Fredeuck A. Conklmg,
Roseoe Conkling, Cox, Delano, Diven, Fenton, Frank,
Goocli, Hale, Maiding, Ilarii^on, Hickman, Ilolman llutch-
ms, IieMey, Eiihngei, Law, Lazear, Loomis, McKmgbt,
Mitchell, Moorhcad, An<on P. Movnll, Morris, Noble, Pen-
dleton, Pike. Poiter, John II. Rice, Sheffield, Shellabaiger,
Benjamin, F. Thomas, Trowbiulge, Vallandigham, Van
Valkenbuigh, Vcrroc, Wallace, 12. P. Walton, Albert S.
White;, Chilton A. White, WicklHe. and Woicester—18.
So (two thirds not voting; in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Pending the cull,
Mr. WASHBURNE stated that Mr. Lovejoy
was suddenly called out of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL, ETC.
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's tabic the bills, returned from the Sen-
ate, making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1863; and the bill making- appropri-
ations for the naval service dui nig the year ending
30th June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending June 30, 1862, with a view to in-
sist upon our disagreement to the Senate amend-
ments thereto, and to appoint committees of con-
ference thereon.
No objection being made, the said bills were
severally taken from the table.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, the
Ilouse insisted upon its disagreements to the Sen-
ate amendments to satd bills, and agreed to the
committers of conference asked by the Senate
thereon.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 16G, to regulate
the compensation of district attorneys.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
EMANCIPATION OP SLAVES.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion:
liesoUctU That there he pi mted (or (he iw of the House
ten thomand extia copies-, of the menage ol the Purulent
of the United Stater, m iclation to the emancipation <>i
slaves by the Staler, togeUici with the joint ic^olulion de-
claims that the United States ought to co-'peiate with, and
allbrd pecuniary aid to, any State which will adopt the
giinluul abolition ot'slnvoiy
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I will simply
say that there is a great demand for these docu-
ments, and specially from lh > border States. The
printing will cost, peihaps, fifty dolkus.
The resolution was agreed to.
ESTABLISHMENT OK UNITED STATES ARMORY.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. 1 move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve Itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the joint resolution of
the House No. '12.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania be good enough to explain
what that lesoludon is*
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. It is the
resolution from the select committee providing for
the establishment of an aimory.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would like to have it
read before the vote is taken
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that has
nothing to do with the motion to suspend the rules.
The Committee of the Whole will determine for
themselves what they will consider when m com-
mittee.
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the further consideration of that
joint lesolution.
The title of the resolution was read, as follows;
Joint ledolution piuvidmg tor the establishment of a na-
tional foundery east of the Aileghaiyf mountains, and a na-
tional foundery, a national armory, and a manufacturing
arsenal west of that line, and in the valley of the Ohio and
Mississippi.
Mr. OLIN. Before the motion is put I desire
to know whether discharging the Committee of
the Whole will preclude the discussion of that
measure.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution is brought
before the House it will be subject to the rules of
the House.
Mr. DELANO. I would inquire if that resolu-
tion will not involve an expenditure of $5,000,000 ?
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
Does not the resolution make an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.
A two-third vote would dispense with the neces-
sity of considering!! in the Committee of the Whole
on'the state of the Union, if it did.
The resolution, which was read, provides that
there shall be established within the United States,
one national foundery east of the Alleghany mount-
ains, and also one national foundery, one national
armory, and one manufacturing arsenal west of
the Alleghany mountains, and in the valley of the
Ohio and Mississippi, and that to that end a com-
mission of five citizens be appointed by the Pres-
ident to locate said foumleries, armory, and arse-
nal, who shall, within sixty days from the time
of their appointment, report to the Secretary of
War. And that the Secretary of War, upon the
incoming of the report of said commission, shall
report the same to Congress, together with an es-
timate of the amount necessary to the establish-
ment of said foundories, armory, and arsenal; and
that there be appropriated for the expenses of said
commission the sum of $5,000.
Objection being made,
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to suspend the rules,
and demanded the yeas and nays upon the mo-
tion.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
The question was put; and thcie were—yeas
59, nays 45; as follows:
YtJAS—Mr.-xi*. Aldm h, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Joseph
Baily, Bakei, Knxtei, Beaman, Bingham,Francis P. Blair,
Samuel S. Blau, Campbell, Casey, Chainberhn, Clement-!,
Colfax, Covodc, Dunn, KdwauN, Fessenden, Fiauehot,
Giangei, (indei, Hale, llutchin^, Julian, Keuigan, Killin-
ger, Knapp, Landing. Lazear, Lehman. McKmght, Me-
l'hcir*on, Mik'hcll, Mooihead, Paiion, Pendleton, Portei,
Potlei, Pt ice. Km liaid-uii, Riddb'.Edwai d H. Kolhns, Janice
S Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks., Shellabaigei,
Sloan, Spaulding, Stialton, Vallandigham, Veiree. Wal
la< e, Wash bin ne, "\Vi!-on, Wmdom. and Wt igln—.>0.
NWS—Allen, Alley, Buihnton, Fiedoriek A.
| Conkliug. Roseoe Uoiikling, („'o\\ Dawes, Delano, Diven.
i IShot, Fenton, Fiank, Hall, Hauling, Ham-on, Hickman',
Ilolman, Hoop."i, Kiancis W. Kellu-rg, Law, Looim*-, Mal-
{ toiv, Aiwm P. Morull. liispn S. Moinll, Moms Noble,
J Odcil. Oim, Pike, Alexamlei 11. iLee. John II. Rice, Shef-
' held, Smith. John B. Steel \ H llliain G. Steele, Ucnpiimn
i V Thom.w, Tmm, Tiowbi idge, \ an Valkenburgh, Wads-
wortli, E. J'. Walton, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White,
Wiekhfle, and Woicoslei —45.
So the rules were not suspended.
During the call,
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, stated that Mr.
Blake was detained from the House by illness.
MEDICAL CORPS OF THE ARMY.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secietary, announced to the House that the
Senate had agreed to the repoit of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the hill (S. No. 188) to increase the
efficiency of the medical depaitment of the Army.
USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent of
j! the House to report back from the Committee on
|i Patents the bill (IX. R. No. 365) to amend the
| act, entitled "An act to promote the pi ogress of
!' the useful arts."
;j Mr. ALLEY objected.
Mr. DUNN. 1 move to suspend the rules so
!' as to enable me to make the report.
The question was taken, and the rules were not
j suspended; two thirds not voting in favor thereof,
j: Mr. DUNN. I ask then that the substitute may
be printed.
;; There w as no objection, and ii was so ordered,
j ENROLLED BILL SIGNED,
i; Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found tiuly enrolled an act (S. No.
308) for the release of certain persons held to ser-
vice or labor m the District of Columbia.
SANDERSON'S BREECII-LOADING CANNON.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of joint resolution No. 30,
authorizing the Secretary of War to test Sander-
son's breech-loading cannon, and that the House
proceed to its consideration. I hope the House
will consider it. It appropriates but a small sum
and is recommended by the War Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-seven minutes after three o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 15, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I present the petition of
Theron Parsons and a number of others, citizens
of Mankato, Blue Earth county, Minnesota, pray-
ing Congress "that, in accordance with the de-
clared objects of the Constitution, to establish jus-
tice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to the people of
the United States and their posterity; and espe-
cially at the present time, to preserve the Consti-
tution and the Union, by suppressing the rebel-
lion," to "provide, by law for calling on all the
inhabitants of the United States, of all conditions,
bond and free, to aid m the support of the Gov-
ernment, assured of its protection, under the flag
of our national Union and freedom—and for pro-
claiming {liberty thioughout ail the land, unto all
the inhabitants thereof.' " I ask that it lie on the
table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. POWELL presented a petition of citizens
of Kentucky, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Lancaster to Crab Orchard, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
189) for the survey of grants or claims of land,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was refeircd the bill (H. R.
No. 287) to establish a brcuich of the Mint of the
United States at Denver, m the Territory of Col-
orado, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was lefcrrcd the
amendment of the House of Representatives, to
the bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railway Company, re-
ported it with amendments; which were ordered
to be printed.
POST ROUTES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, submitted the fol-
lowing icsolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved} That the Committee on the Pott Office and
Po<t Roads b(,. his-tnicted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post loute from Roelicstei, via Empire, Piai-
nc, Douglas, I-land City, Mount Pleasant, Huggm&vUio, to
Simthton, Woith county, Mi«ouri; and also a post route
iioni Smitliton, Missouu, to Mount Air, Iowa.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hale a member of the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 242)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, 1862, m the absence of Mr. Thomson.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S.No.50)
transferring the supervision of the Capitol exten-
sion and the erection of the new dome to the .
Department of the interior.
The message also announced that the House
