1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2621
inform this House if General Hunter, of the Department of
South Carolina, has organized a regiment of South Carolina
volunteers for the defense of the Union composed of black
men. (fugitive slaves,) and appointed the colonel and other
officers to command them. 2. Was he authorized by the
Depuitnient to organize and muster into the Army of the
United States as soldiers its fugitive or captured slaves?
3. Has he been furnished with clothing, uniforms, &c., for
such force? 4. Has he been furnished by order of the De-
partment of War with arms to be placed in the hands of
these slaves? 5. To report any orders given said Hunterj
and coirespondcnce between him and the Department.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion there were, on a division—ayes 34, noes 15.
Mr. STEVENS. As we have nothing to do
with the war here, I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
order. The House was engaged in voting on the
call for the previous question when the gentleman
made that motion. 1 make the point of order that
the motion was not then in order.
The SPEAKER. Both sides had been counted
and 
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The Speaker had not de-
cided the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had the right
to move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw the motion
if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think we need the
yeas and nays, as I believe we will all vote for
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. There was no quorum voting
on the call for the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I call for tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Blake were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 87, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and, under the operation thereof, the resolution
was adopted.
VOTE OF THANKS TO GENERAL IIALLECK.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM offered the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the House has heard with sincere satis-
faction of the evacuation of Corinth and the occupation of
it by our army without the loss of life ; and that the thanks
of this House are due to Major General Halleek and the
brave men under hltn for this signal achievement; and,
moreover, that in common with tlie whole country, this
Ilouse would icjoice to see the Constitution as it is and the
Union as it was maintained and lestored everywhere,
without any further effusion of fiatemal blood.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting the words " and officers" after
the name of General Halleek.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called, and no amendment is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will accept the
amendment.
The question being on seconding the previous
question, a division of the House was called for.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As the House re-
fuses to adopt the resolution without hesitation,
I withdraw the demand for the previous question.
I propose now to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House,
then, the resolution goes over.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS, ETC.
Mr. HUTCHINS offered the following resolu-
tion; upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Whereas this House, on the 29th day of May, A. D. 1862,
rmssed the following resolution: "Resolved, 1 hat the
Clerk of the House of Representatives be directed to pro-
cure from the publishers, lor the use of the House libiary,
at a cost not exceeding what has heretofore been paid tor
the said work, one handled copies or sets of the Annals of
Congress and Keg.sterof Debates, and pay for tl.esame out
of the contingent fund ot the House : Provided, That the
copies or sets remaining in the hands of the pr<>priet°r=.
after the execution of this lesolution shall not lie sold or
disposed of until they shall have been offered to Congress;
and whereas a sufficient number of said books are now on
hand and already purchased for the use ot Congress and
the House library: Therefore, .
Rewired, That said resolution be, and the same is hereby,
rescinded and repealed.
Mr. HALL moved to lay the resolution on the
taj!lr. HUTCHINS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Baily, Baxter, Biddle, Jacob B.
Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey, Clements. Corn-
ing, Cox, Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Eliot, Fouke, Grider,
Harding, Harrison, Horton, Johnson, Kerrigan, Maynard,
Menzies, Mooihead, Morris, John S. Phelps, Price, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Richardson, Segar, Shiel, Smith, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Benjamin P. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Vallandigham, Vibbard, Wadsworth, Wallace, Walton,
Wcb.-ter, Whalcy, Albert S. Wlutc, Cllllton A. White,
Wickhffe, and Wood—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, William J. Allen, Ancona,
Arnold, Ashley. Baker, Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Blake,
George H. Browne, Buffinton, Burnliam, Campbell, Cham-
berhn, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Davis,
Dawes, Edgerton, Edwards, Franchot, Gooeh, Goodwin,
Granger, Gurlev, Haight, Hanchett, Holman, Hutcllins,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kelloug, Knapp, Lan-
sing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McKnight, Mitchell, Anson
P. Morrill, Justin S.Morrill, Nixon, Norton, Nugen,Odell,
Timothv G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, John II. ltiee,
Kobinao'll, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Shclla-
baiger, Sloan, Spaulding, William G. Steele, Stratton,
Trimble, Trowbndge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Ver-
ree, Wall, Washbuine, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ruff—70.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PORTER stated that Mr. Dunn was ab-
sent in attendance upon the funeral of akinsman.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, William J. Allen, Ancona,
Arnold, Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Blake,
Geoige II. Browne, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlin,
Cobb, Colfax. Fiederiek A. Conkling, Edgerton, Edwards,
Franchot, Gooch, Goodwill, Granger, Gurley, Haight,
Hanclietl, Holman, Hutcllins, Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg,Knapp, Lansing, Loomis, Love-
joy, Low,McKnight, Mitchell, Anson P. Moirill, Justin S.
Mori ill, Nixon, Odell, Patton, Pike, l'oitcr, Potter, John 11.
Rice, Itobmsou, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks,
Shellabarfrer, Sloan, Spauldmgj William G. toteelc, Stnit-
ton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, \ an Valkenburgb,
Verree, Wail, Washburne, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
"'nAYS—Messrs. Alley, Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey, Clements, Coining,
Cox, Delano, Dunlap, Eliot, Grider, Hale, Harding, Har-
rison, Horton. Kerrigan, McPherson, Maynard, Menzies,
Moorhead, Morns, Norton, John S. Phelps, Price, Alex-
ander H. Rice, liichaiilson, Segar, Shiel. Smith, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas,
Train, Vallandigham, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Walton, Webster, VVhaley, Albert S. White, Chilton A.
White, Wickliffe, and Wood—48.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call,
Mr. DAVIS stated that had he been in his seat j
when his name was called he would have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. HUTCHINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN RELATIONS.
Mr. COX. I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President ho requested, if in his opin-
ion it is not incompatible with the public service, to submit
to this House whatever information ho possesses concern-
ing the relations existing between this country and lbieign
Powers.
There is a precedent set for this resolution, as I
see by the last English steamer the English Par-
liament has ordered the correspondence between
England and the Federal and confederate govern-
ments. Our Government ought to be able to sup-
ply any omissions. While I can confidently assure
the House that the best understanding exists be-
tween us and the European Powers, I think the
time has come when they ought to revoke the
recognition of the insurgents as a belligerent
Power. I ask the yeas and nays oil the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 40; as follows:
yfiAS—Messis. Aldrieh, Alloy, Ancona, Ashley, Baily,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, Geoige
H. Biowne, Buffinton, Calvert, C.wy, Cteuienta, Cobb,
Colfax, Fredonck A. Conkling, Corning, Cox, Delano,
Diven, Dunlap, Edgerton. Eliot,Goodwill, Grangei, Grid, r,
Ha,gilt, Harding, Harrison, Holman
Lazear, Leaiy, Loomis, Low, McKnight
Mallory, Maynard, Menz.es, Justin S. M™ I' =>
Noiton, Pendleton, John S. Phelps,, Timothy u. Phe
Porter, Puce, Alexander II. Bice, John H- Rit-e.
son Shellalnrger, Shiei, Smith, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Vallandigham, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Walton,
Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. Whitc^ Wood, and Wood-
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Babbitt, Baker, Francis P.
Blair, Burnliam, Campbell, Chambeilin^ Davis, Edwards,
Fisher, Franchot, Gurley, Hale, Hanchett, Horton, Hutcll-
ins, Julian, Kelley,Lansing, Lovejoy. Mooihead, Alison P.
Morrill, Nixon, Pike, Potter, Edward II. ltollins, Sargent,-
Shanks, Sheffield, Sloan, Stevens, Stratton, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Verree, Wall, Washburne, Albert S. White,
Wilson, and Windom—40.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 195) for the reciprocal extinguishment of
certain claims between the United States and the
representatives of Robert Brent, deceased; when
the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate insist upon their first and second amendments,
disagreed to by the House to the bill of the
House (No. 413) malting an appropriation for the
payment of the bounty authorized by the sixth
section of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the employment of volunteers to aid in enfor-
cing the laws and protecting public property,"
approved July 22, 1861, and for other purposes,
ask a conference with the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and have
appointed Messrs. Howe, Foster, and Nesmith,
the committee of conference on their part.
The message further announced that the Senate
is now sitting as a court of impeachment on the
case of West H. Humphreys, judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the several dis-
tricts of Tennessee, and is now ready to receive
the House of Representatives and the managers
thereof on the said impeachment.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
Mr. BINGHAM submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the House will this day, awl at such hour
as the Senate shall appoint, icsolve itself into a Committee
of the Whole House, and attend in the Senate on the trial
of the impeachment of West II. Humphreys, judge of the
district court of the United States for the several districts
ofTennessec.
The House then, in pursuance of the said reso-
lution, resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole House, and proceeded in that capacity to
the Senate Chamber to attend a trial by the Sen-
ate of the impeachment against West H. Hum-
phreys, judge of the district court of the United
States for the several districts of Tennessee; and
after some time spent therein, the committee re-
turned into the Chamber of the House, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wash-
borne reported that the committee had,according
to order, attended the trial by the Senate of the
said impeachment, when the Senate postponed
the further consideration of the case until Thurs-
day, the 26th instant.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to know if it is
in order to make an inquiry of the chairman of
the committee who has just reported, with a view
of moving a resolution upon the subject. I undei-
stand that a motion has been made by the man-
agers on the part of the House to continue the
impeachment case of Judge Humphreys until the
26th of this month, which is ten days after the
dav on which we have agreed to adjourn. I am
willino- to adjourn and leave them to prosecute
this runaway judge whenever they please, if
there is any good reason for the continuance, 1
will acquiesce; but if not, I want to move a reso-
lution instructing the managers oil the part of the
House to ask a reconsideration of the order of
continuance.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man that neither of the managers on the part of
the House who made the motion for a continu-
ance is now present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
the report of the Committee of the Whole can be
rescinded.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not ask a rescission of
