1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
141
5Yxn Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of liebel Property—Mr. Dooliltle.
Senate.
Mr. President, the rebellion, or rather, to speak
more correctly, the great conspiracy which pro-
duced this rebellion, to wit, to bringabout the dis-
solution of the Union and the formation of a south-
ern confederacy, began more than thirty years
ago. Its pretext then was the tariff question; its
pretext now is the slavery question. In looking
back into the Congressional Globe, and reading a
speech delivered by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts,[Mr. Somneu,] I find that he quoted
from an original letter of General Jackson, what,
to-day, seems almost prophecy. I remember he
read from the original letter in his handwriting.
It was dated May 1, 1833. Writing to a friend
a private letter, General Jackson says:
"I have had a laborious task here, hut nullification is
dead ; and tts actorri and courtiers will only Ik: letnembered
by tlie people to be execialed for their wicked dCMsns to
sever and deploy [lie only f^ood Government on the globe,
and that prospei ity and happiness we enjoy over eveiy other
poition of the woild. Hainan's gallows onsht to be the
late of all such ambitious men, who would involve their
country in civil wai and all tho evil*> in its Inuii, that they
might leiirn and ndeon its whiiUvnld? and direct the storm.
The fiee people of these United States have spoken, and
consigned these wicked demagogues to their proper doom.
Take care of your nulltliers ; you have them among you ;
let them meet with the indlL'niuit frowns of eveiy man vvlio
loves his country. Thetauft', it is now known, was a mere
pretext."
I do not read it all; but in conclusion he says—
mark his prophetic words:
the tariff was only tiie pretext, and disunion
and a southern confederacy the real object. tlie
next pretext will be the neoro or slavery ques-
tion."
And, sir, how true it is ! When Calhoun found
that he could not unite the people of all the south-
ern States in the schcmc for disunion andasouth-
ern confederacy upon the tariff, because Louisiana
was always willing to consent to a duty to protect
the manufacture of sugar, he determined to foice
on the same thing by raising another issue. He
came forward in this body to " force the issue,"
to use his own language,and that issue was to be
forced upon the slavery question. How did he
do it? He did it by introducing into this Senate
his resolutions to make slavery national and frec-
4om sectional, and by malting that memorable
speech, in which ho said: " slavery once was re-
garded as a great moral and political evil; that
folly and delusion is gone; it is now regarded as
the best and most stable basis for free institutions
in the world." From that hourdown to the pres-
ent moment, almost thirty years, Calhoun and his
followers have been endeavoring to force on dis-
union and a southern confederacy by making sla-
very, in which all the southern States had acom-
mon interest, the pretext upon which to unite tho
southern people. This new idea that slavery was
a blessing, instead nf the curse it was acknowl-
edged to be by all the great men of the revolu-
tionary era, would make slavery of necessity ag-
gressive. He knew that whatever claims to be a
good thing is and must be always aggressive. It
demands recognition as a good thing. It will have
recognition as"a good tiling. New ideas like new
forces entering into the minds of a people, will
have expression and development, or rend and de-
stroy whatever stands in their way. He forced
this idea, as the fulcrum upon which, like Archi-
medes, he would move the world, first into all the
political assemblies and conventions of the South;
then into all the pulpits and conventions of the
clergy of the South; into every legislative hall in
the South; and at last into the decisions of then-
courts. He forced it here into both Houses of
Congress until, during the last twenty years, we
have heard little else from the Representatives
from that section except that " slavery is a divine
institution, a blessing," and demanding that it
should be recognized and regarded as such by
everv department of this Government, by Con-
gress, the President, and the Supreme Court; and
" This idea that slavery is a blessing, demanded
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, so that it
could enter and bless the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska. It was repea ed. It demanded
after that that slavery should be established as a
blessing in Kansas, even by force of arms, and
five thousand of its armed border ruffians crossed
the border with arms in their hands and subju-
gated the Territory. It demanded the formation
of the Lecorapton constitution, the first clause of
which recognized slavery as a blessing, and de-
clared it to be higher and above and before all gov-
ernment, and that it should be protected as such
by law foiever. It demanded of the timid and time-
serving Buchanan that Kansas should be admitted
into the Union under that constitution, although
known to him and all the world that it was voted
down by a majority of ten thousand. Sir, since
I have been here.it demanded that Kansas under
that constitution, though reeking.with perjury
and fraud; though putrid, rotten, and corrupt—a
stench in our nostrils—should be admitted as a
slave State, made so by force of arms. This idea
that slavery is a blessing, and should be recog-
nized as such, demanded and received the opinion
in the Dred Scott case, which held slavery to be
the common law of "the Constitution for all the
Territories of the United States; .and some even
maintained that the Mexican Ift-w of the Territo-
ries, in force when we acquired them, were ipso
facto repealed and abolished by some mysterious
law power in the Constitution itself, which was
to give the right to carry slaves into all that vast
empire. Beyond all that, this same pretext that
slavery was a blessing and ought to be expanded,
after the election of Mr. Lincoln, and just before
this rebellion broke out, through Toombs and
Davis demanded of us what they knew wc could
not grant—anew Constitution, or rather new pro-
visions in the Constitution, to give new guaran-
tees to secure the extension of slavery; providing,
by the express language of the Constitution itself,
that slavery should be permitted to go into all
Mcxico and all Central America, should wc ever
acquire them.
Under the old ideas of Jefferson and Washing-
ton, we lived together in peace in slaveioldiug
and in non-slaveholding Slates. It is this new
idea that slavery is a blessing, which has been
used as a pretext, that has made it aggressive,
and assert all these demands upon the Govern-
ment; but, sir, thank God, that new idea is last
passing away, Go into old Virginia anywhere
to-day,and what will they tell you about slavery
now? Is it a blessing, or is it a curse? is it a
thing to be fostered and encouraged , as Mason
used to say here, or is it a blight, a mildew, blast-
ing and destroying her? It lias taken Calhoun
and his disciples a whole generation to educate
the southern mind to this fatal heresy. One ye ar
of tins war will cure their souls of this terrible
delusion. Slavery a blessing! Cotton is king!
Where is king cotton now? The public mind,
even of the fanatics of the South, is being fast
converted. It is coming back to the old ideas of
such men as Washington, Jefferson, and Madi-
son, who saw, felt, and admitted slavery to be an
evil, and were always looking around them to see
the best and the most practicable way in which to
have it removed. Sir, the time has come. The
way is opening. The true solution of this great
trouble is at hand, and is bound to triumph. I he old
ideas of the Republic, upon which it was founded,
the ideas of the men who made the Constitution,
nien who loved liberty more than they loved sla-
very, men who only tolerated slavery in theStates,
but with a fixed determination to rid themselves
of itm some practicable way for the permanent
good of both races, these ideas are coming back to
the Republic, and arc spreading themselves like
lightning in every quarter of the Republic, South
as well as North. I shall not reiterate the views
1 have heretofore expressed upon this subject.
They are well known to the Senate, and to the
country.
Mr. President, if Calhoun had been executed
for his treason in 1833, there would have been no
rebellion now; and perhaps lie came nearer his
execution than most people are aware. ^ You all
know the conspirators in South Carolina pro-
ceeded then even to the commission of the overt
act. Calhoun was their chief adviser. General
Jackson knew it well, and had determined that
the law should be put into execution against him;
not against the poor misguided men who fol-
lowed, but against the chief conspirator. He had
resolved on his prosecution and trial, and if con-
victed, his execution for treason. He said that if
he had an Attorney General that would not draw
an indictment, he would find _ one that could.
Things were approaching the ciisis. Calhoun be-
Game aware of General Jackson s determination,
and sent Letcher, of Kentucky, to confer with him
on the subject, and to learn his real intentions. He
went to tlie President's House. It was then al-
ready late at night. The President received him
with his usual courtesyt but sir, that mild blue
eye which at times woald fill and overflow with
tears like that of a woman, was kindled up that
night with unwonted fire. He reasoned with him
for a while, then paced his floor. His indignation
became fully roused. At times he stormed in pas-
sion towering and sublime, till rising to his full
height, his frame dilating and quivering, every
feature glowing with the living fires within—with
tljat oath winch in him never seemed profane, but
the struggle of a great soul to take hold on the Al-
mighty for the strength of his purpose, he declared
to Lctcher that if another step were taken, by the
Eternal, he would try Calhoun for treason, and, if
convicted, hang him on agallows high as liaman's.
Letcher could not misunderstand his purpose. He
saw that he was terribly in earnest. From that
interview he hastened to the lodgings of Calhoun.
He had retired to his bed. He knocked at his bed-
chamber and was admitted. Calhoun received
him sitting up it) his bed with his cloak around
him. Letcher detailed all that occurred, giving en-
tire the conversation between him ami General
Jackson, and describing the old hero as he took
that oath. There sat Calhoun drinking in eagerly
every word,and as Letcher proceeded he became
pale as death and shivered like an aspen leaf.
Yes, sir, Calhoun, groat as he was in intellect,
quaking in his bed ! And for what? Wasitfrom
fear? from cowardice? Ah no! It was the con-
sciousness of his guilt. He was the arch-traitor
who, like Satan in Paradise, brought " death into
thcworldand all our woe." Within one week he
came into the Senate, and voted for every section,
section by section, of Mr. Clay's bill, and Gen-
oral Jackson was prevailed upon not to prosecute
him for his crime.
I have been told, upon authority upon which I
rely, that during the last days of General Jackson
at the Hermitage,as he was slowly sinking under
the ravages of consumption—that mysterious dis-
ease which, while it wastes the body, leaves, if
possible, the mind more clear and more near to
inspiration—lie had a most remarkable conversa-
tion wait his family physician and friend. While
sician replied that lie was unable to answer; it
might be the removal of the deposits. " Oh, no,"
said the general. "Then it may be the specie
circular." "Not at ail." " What is it then?"
" I can tell you," said he, rising in his bed, his
eye kindling up, "1 can tell you: posterity will
condemn me more because I was persuaded not
to try and hang John C. Calhoun as a traitor than
for any other act of my life."
Sir, does this not seem to be inspiration now' If
Calhoun, the originator of this conspiracy to dis-
solve the Union and to build up the southern con-
federacy, had been executed for his treason then,
we should have had no rebellion now. It is all
false when it is pretended that the abolitionists of
this country have brought on this issue. What
they have said and done has been seized upon by
the conspirators to inflame the southern mind and
fire the southern heart for revolution, it is true.
Mr. Benton, than whom no man better under-
stood the private operations of these conspirators
to work upon the public mind, declares m his
work the real truth on that subject. It was Cal-
houn who forccd the issue upon the slavery ques-
tion by taking this new and novel ground that
slavery is a blessing, thereby making it aggres-
sive cverywheie.
Upon that pretext he rallied the whole South.
The men that met in Charleston in their conven-
tion openly stated to the world that this was a
work in which they had been engaged for mora
than thirty years—the whole work of their lives.
Slavery has been the pretext by which they com-
bined and united them as one people to plunge into
revolution, to lay the foundation of a gieat slavo
empire. How have they failed ! How just and
true are the judgments ot Almighty God, even in
this world! So far from destroying the Union,it
will be reestablished forever. So far from build-
