U&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
3!Jth'0ong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
ittg an cmpiro on slavery, they are stabbing it to
the vitals. It is dying, if not a suicide, it cer-
tainly is dying at the hands of its friends.
What a forcible illustration of that great truth
whieli- all history teach?s, that no cause suffers
so .much from its open ami avowed enemies as it
does from the misguided zeal of its fanatical and
impracticable friends!
■ The fanatical friends of slavery, Calhoun tak-
ing the lead, forced on before its time the scheme
for the annexation of Texas. It brought to the
Onion in the end California, a free State, and the
Territory of New Mexico", from which slavery
was excluded by law. The fanatical friends <if
. slavery forced on the repeal of the Missouri com-,
promise to get slavery into Kansas. It resulted
not only in keeping it outof Kansas, but it is fast
going out of Missouri. The fanatical friends of
a southern confederacy and a great slave empire
demanded new constitutional guarantees for sla-
very expansion, and for that and to establish a
slave empire they made war upon theUnitedStates.
It will result in their utter overthrow, and the
whole system has received its death-blow. Let
us take warning by their example and adopt wise,
practical, and constitutional measures to advance
and maintain, with no steps backward, the cause
of liberty and Union forever.
. Mf. President, there are some minor amend-
ments to the bill to which I should like to call the
attention of Senators. It will not be in order to
present them now, but I will call the attention of
the Senate to the subject. The Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who addressed us yes-
terday,stated, and I have no doubt it is really the
intention of the framcrof the bill, that the power
to be exercised under this law, is, by the fourth
section, to rest 111 the President, that the seizure
is to be made under his direction, in his discretion,
andwhen he judges the military necessities of the
country require it. I suggest, therefore, in order
that the language may be free from any ambiguity,
that the l«st part of the first section of the bill be
so amended as to road as follows:
Shalt be seized, forfeited, and confiscated to the United
States, as hereinafter provided; and such forfeiture as to
real property shall take immediate effect upon the commis-
sion of Uie act of t'oj-feituie, and all light or power to dis-
pose Of ur alienate the same shall instantly cease and de-
termine upon the commission of the said act of forfeiture.
Certainly this forfeiture ought not to bu applied
to personal estate before it is seized. Personal
estate ia of such a nature that it passes from hand
to hand. You will find that distinction isalways
made between personal estate and real estate; that
personal estate should be confiscated when it is
seized, and not until after it is seized, or upon
conviction, or when some given act is to take
place. As to the real estate, the forfeiture, what-
ever it may be, always relates back to the time of
(ho commission of the offense. 1 shall desire also,
at some proper time, to offer this amendment:
That any person, belngacitizenoftlie United States who
shall, after the passage of tills act, in any foreign country
make an attempt to procure the recognition by any foreign
Power of the independence of the so-called confederate
mutes, or shall visit or remain at or near any foreign port
er Power tor that purpose, shall cease to bo a citizen of thQ
United States, and shall thereupon become an alien ehemy
and all his real estate, wherever situate within the United
Suuns, slmll es«eh<Mt to them, and vost in them and their
assigns in loc simple forever.
That is one of the cases which is not embraced
in the classes mentioned in the amendment of the
Senator frona Ohio. There is no provision in the
bill or in the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
that reaches the class of -persons to whom this
amendment would apply.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are included in his
amendment.
Mr. D00LTT1LE. I think my friend is mis-
taken about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Foreign ministers, com-
missioners, and consuls are alt mentioned in the
amendment as it has been adopted. They are not
in the amendment as printed.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. And heads
of departments hIm>.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. There is also an amend-
ment that 1 desire to move to the bill presented
by the Senator from Vermont, but I can move
that hereafter when the one under consideration
>s disposed of. I shall not occupy any further
Unrte of the Senate.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. T. 0. HOWE,
.OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate ,.May 5, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (S. No.
151) to confiscate tile property and free the slaves of rebels-
Mr. HOWE said:
Mr. President: My friends say that I have a
bad habit of never speaking upon a question until
the Senate gets tired of heaving about it. I think
thatcriticism is very correctly made, and I know
it is very kindly meant; but! am not without ex-
cuse. That has been:the fact heretofore, and my
apology for it is that:I>pever like to speak to the
Senate upon any question in'the world as long as
I can help it, and it has so happened heretofore
that I could very well stave off the impulse to
speak until tho Senate had reached that peculiar
mood that they did not want to hear. I have a
better apology than that for not having spoken
earlier in the debate upon this question 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will come to order. The Chair will ask that the
second rule of the Senate be read, and that rule
while it stands on the standing rules of the Senate
the Chair will endeavor to enforce.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"2. No member shall speak to another, or otherwise inter-
nipt tiic business of the Senate, or read any newspaper
while the journals or public papers are reading, or when
any ineinbtir is speaking In any debate."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin will now proceed.
Mr. HOWE. I see, Mr. President, that I owe
a special apology to the Chair for attempting to
speak at this late hour; for he who undertakes to
address the Senate after the Senate has got tired
of hearing, imposes a very heavy additional bur-
den upon the Chair in preserving the order of the
Senate.
I was about to say, however, that I had a very
good excuse for not having spoken earlier on the
subject now pending before the Senate; and that
is, that I did not know anything about it. 1 really
have not had any time to attend to this question.
That was testified to the Senate the other day by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, under
whose immediate direction I have been at work
very laboriously for a good many weeks; and I
want to say here that whoever undertakes to labor
under the whip of the distinguished chairman of
the Committee on Finance has not any time to
play, nor to do chores. But I happened to be in
the Senate 011 Thursday last and was frightened—
you know how timid I am, for I have told you be-
fore—at finding we were 111 imminent danger of
taking a vote upon a measure which I knew to be
a very important one, and of the merits of which
I thought it was high time I knew something. I
devoted that even ing to hard study. I did not take
up the Constitution; but I took up the bills, some
of them, such as I had, and I read them; I took
up some speeches, and I read them; I considered
them, and I came into the Senate on Friday firmly
convinced that we were in danger of passing the
worst measure that was ever enacied in any body
inthe world,and I thought if I ever was going to
say anything it was time I did. I say that,°not
as a part 6f my apology for not having spoken
eaiher, but as a part of my apology for speaking
at all, which is a more difficult matter to excuse 1
lake it.
But, after all) that is not my sole reason for
speaking now. I am induced to do it, more, I
think, from the fact that I threatened a speech on
b nday last than for any other reason. I have in
a great measure got over the convulsion which
came upon me on that day. I could get along
without speaking now if I had not made any such
threat. J
There is another reason why I want to say
something. I took up a western newspaper last
evening, and I found it reported to the country
that I had made on Thursday last an " on-the-
fencc speech. Well, sir, on that day I drd state
two facts to the Senate: one was that I had not
read these bills; and the other was that I had not
made up any opinion upon their merits. Those
weie both facts. I have two more to state to the
bevmtenow, One is that I have read these bills, and
the other is that I have got off the fence. I am
not at all undecided to-day, whatever may have
been the condition of my mind on Thursday last.
But in speaking to-day, sir, I speak under pe-
culiar embarrassments. Letmestate them, First,
in the order of debate, I follow two very remark-
able speeches, one in favor of this bill, and the
other opposed to it. One was the speech of the
distinguished Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
That a man of my style who undertakes to fol-
low a man of his, labors under some embarrass-
ments, everybody will admit. I think a man who
should planta hand organ by the side of a park of
artillery in full play, and think to gather any six-
pences from the performance, would be reasona-
ble in comparison with a man who should hope
to interest the Senate in such plain practical sug-
gestions as I have to offer just after it had listened
to such a vehement and eloquent appeal as that
with whicti the Senator from Ohio drenched the
Senate on Friday last.
That is one'of my embarrassments. Another
is that I have to follow a more extraordinary
speech than that, submitted to the Senate in oppo-
sition to the bill by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Saulsbury,] and the embarrassing fact is
that while I speak to the same conclusion to which
he argued I seem to be speaking on the side of
that Senator. Allow me to repel any such infer-
ence. There were sentiments dropped in that
speech, the like of which I never listened to be-
fore, the like of which I hope never to listen to
again. I wanttoread to him this, and see if they
sound to-day just as they did then. The Senator
from Delaware said:
" Then, what is to be the result? I presume that local
State governments will be preserved. If they arc, If the
people have a right to make their own laws, and to govern
themselves—and I piesumetliat even my friend fiom Mas-
sachusetts will not object to that—they will not only reen-
slave every person that you attempt to set free, but they
will reenslave the whole lace."
Sir, I want to suggest to the Senatorfrom Del-
aware that it is possible we may do a wrong in
our legislation upon this as upon other subjects;
it is possible we may emancipate a slave in vio-
lation of the rights—the legal rights, I mean—ojf
the man who owns him; and if we do that, we are
amenable to all such penalties as fall upon that
kind of legislation; but I submit to the Senator
that the slave we emancipate is not responsible for
our conduct. I do not think he is to blame. Least
of all are those men to blame who were not slaves,
and who have not been emancipated. And because
we give liberty to a man when we ought not, or
to one to whom we ought not to give it, I do not
think it is a Christian reason, I do not think it is
a moral reason, and, as a lawyer, I know it is not
a legal reason, why those who have never been
slaves should be subjected to that condition.
1 said that I hoped never to hear that sentiment
again; that I never heard the like of it before. It
struck me with peculiar force. It impressed me
very unpleasantly. I have heard the philosophers
say that a single grain of musk wouid scent a
whole room. I do not know how that is; but I
know it would not take more than an ounce of
such sentiment as that to contaminate a century.
I hope the learned Senator from Delaware will
give us as little of it as possible.
Sir, he told us he was in favor of that himself,
and he told us in the same breath, almost in the
same sentence, that he was descended from a long
line of ancestors, everyone of whom had owned
slaves, and every one of whom emancipated them
at the age of twenty-one. He, the son of sires
who had done so much foremancipation, who had
always emancipated their slaves at the very age
at which we emancipate our own children, de-
clared upon the floor of the American Senate, and
"P°n the responsibilities of an American Senator,
that if we the representatives of the people did
this thing or that, he would go, not for emanci-
pation, but for enslaving those who had not been
slaves and were in no measure responsible for
what we did. 0 tempora ! Omores ! That strikes
me like degeneracy. He told us in that same con-
nection these words:
von^SL1? y0-1' T' IUtE ir!thR chaIrJ honestly to
you, whose voice has been potential in the councils of the
nation m behalf of what jou call iioedom,and to you.gen-
tlcmen of the dominant-party, who govern the legislation
ot the hour, that we mean that the United States of Amer-
ica, from the northern lakes to the southern Gulf, from the
