1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
tract of land in California, called La Rosa do San
Juan Bautista."
The title was so amended.
ARREST OF GENERAL STONE.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I introduced a resolution
on Friday last for the purpose of having it printed,
and gave notice then that 1 would call it up on
Monday; but it not having been printed and laid
on the tables of Senators at that time, I postponed
it until this morning. I now ask to have that res-
olution taken up and acted upon.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I propose to make some
remarks upon the resolution; and as the morning
hour will not afford the opportunity, I move to
postpone the special orders for the consideration
of this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro*tempore. What special
order does the Senator refer to? There is a spe-
cial order, the unfinished business of the morning
hour; but the special order of the day is not
reached until one o'clock. The motion now is
premature for the postponement of that special
order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the reading
of the resolution be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I should like to have it
read. I do not know what it is.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sccretaiy of War be requested to in-
form the Senate at once on the following points, namely:
1. Whether or not Brigadier General Charles P. Stone lias
been arrested by any person in anthoiity in the War De-
partment or in the Army of the United States; and if he has
been so arrested, from whom the oider forGeneral Stone's
arrest originally proceeded—whether the Secretary himself
or the geneial then commanding the auny of the Potomac.
2. AKo, whether at the time of such arrest Gcneiai Stone
was not subject to the ai ucles of war and entitled to the
benefit of them; and if he was &o &nhjeet and entitled,
whether or not he was arretted for a violation of any, and
which, of those articles; and on whose complaint General
Stone was arrested, and by whom, if by any persons, charges
have been prel'ened against him ; and that the Sociutary of
War be requested to communicate to the Senate the speci-
fications under such elmiges as fully as his presentinform-
ation will enable him to *tate them. 3. Also, whether any,
and if any, what, steps have been taken tovvauU tbe piep-
nration of btieh charges and specifications : and if any such
steps have been so taken, whether or not the prosecution
of the mattoi has been miniated to the |udgc advocate gen-
eral of the Auny, orofthe army of i lit* Potomac, or to &ome
other, and what other, special judge advocate ; ami if not
to cithci of said judges advocate geneial, why the ease of
Geneial Stone did not take the customary course when a
genera! ollicer U auested ; and whether or not either of (he
judges advocate above specially named has been, and when
first, consulted in this matter. 4. Also, vvhethei or not Gen-
eral Stone lias at any time, and when, and how often, either
in person or by counsel, applied for an immediate tual; and
whether he has not represented to the Secretin y ot War the
injustice which he supposed would icsult to him tiom de-
ferring his trial, by reason of the death ot an lmpoitant wit-
ness, in any matter connected with the admimstiation of
his late command upon the 1'otonuu ; and what answei, if
any, has been made to sueli representation by or on behalf
of General Stone. Also, whether or not the substance
of such charges, moie or le«s, has been m any, ami what,
way, and upon whoso application, communicatcd to Gen-
eral Stone ; and if not, why not; audit not, whelhei or not
Geneial Stone has applied, dueetly or indirectly, for such
charges. 6. Also, whetherany, and what, puvileg'-s have
jnuted to Geneial Stone under the aitides of war Nos 74,
"if, fcO, and 8-2, and No*. 221 and && of the Revised Reg-
ulations oi the Aimy; and what degree of confinement
was originally oidered in reference to Geneial Stone ; and
whether anv, ami what, change has been made, and when,
hom its oiiginal seventy. 7. Also, if Geneial Stone was
not aircfted forborne alleged violation of the aiticleb of war,
upon what pietense is he kept in elo^e custody.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from California whether, considering the
nature of the case, it would not be proper to ad-
dress the resolution to the President, in the usual
form, that he be requested, if compatible with the
public interest, to inform the Senate. It will
amount to the same thin#, for he is Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, and inquiries as to Army
matters should,I think, propeily be addressed to
him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Thci ■e are several rea-
sons why I propose to address the resolution as
it is here, and probably the Senator will be satis-
fied when 1 get through with my statement as to
facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that form I should not
vote lor it. it is a peremptory call, and it may
not be advisable to communicate the information.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mi. President, 1 regret
exceedingly that it has become my duty to\le-
part from the ordinary course of legislation, and
my duty to present questions and considerations
which may appear to be merely questions and
considerations involving an individual or person.
I may state my reason in this form: that is, that,
according to my best judgment, it is not the ques-
tion of an individual, nor the consideration which
he, as a person, or as a citizen, or as a soldier,
may demand, but that the questions and consid-
erations of which 1 am about to speak and with
which he is only remotely concerned, are ques-
tions and considerations which relate to the foun-
dations as well as the superstructure of thatedifice,
the foundations of which were laid on the 4th of
July, 1776, established, as we hoped, in 1787, and
the beautiful superstructure of which we, in our
imagination, have thought we saw from our early
youth until about the presenttime.
Mr. President, I wish to say that I have per-
sistently sought to confine my action here to the
exact businessoflegislation, and to this I believe
my record will give approving answer; but in this
matter I lecognize a special duty, a duty devolved
on me; a duty, if you please, wherewith I am
charged both as a citizen and a Senator. To un-
dertake the discharge of this duty is the assump-
tion of a painful office. To me it is always pain-
ful when by neglect or accident I trample upon the
lowly. It is not with me a pleasant office to as-
sault any one, be he high or low. There are spe-
cial reasons why it is painful to me to assault a
person high in place, for this reason, and this rea-
son only, that he stands beneath the sheltering
shadow of a great power, the President of the
United States, the highest creation of our Consti-
tution and of our people, in which all true patriots
recognize the chief of the Republic. For the
President, permit me to say, that though I cannot
say in oriental language 41 he has my most pro-
found service," I can say he has my fullest confi-
dence; a confidence which could not have been
improved by any circumstance such as that of my
having supported him at the last presidential elec-
tion. I did not support him. I supported another
true and great man from Illinois. Patriots each;
patriots both. I will say, however, in better lan-
guage than is consistent with any oriental usage,
that our Chief Magistrate, by his own personal
light, commanded and does command my fullest
confidence as an upright, just, true-minded man,
as alien to falsehood, wiong, and oppression as I
would hope to be.
The duty, however, is before me, a duty which
is my duty as a citizen of the Republic as well as
my duty as a Senator. Permit me to say, also, it
is my duty by a stronger force as a citizen of and
a Senator from the State of California; and, not-
withstanding the oifico is a painful one, I will dis-
charge it to the extent of my infirm ability with an
equal regard to justice as if it were apleasnntone.
It is now fifty days since Brigadier General
Stone, commandinga division of the Federal Army
on the Potomac, was seized at midnight, taken
from his home, earned into one of the darkest
foitresses that line our coast, cutoff from all com-
munication with family or friends, allowed for a
long time no communication with any one,allowed
at no time any communication with any person
except to a limited extent with members of his
family and his prison-house keeper. I say it is
more than fifty days since, by some Icttre. de cachet,
by some writ issued from some denouncer as se-
cret as those who denounced the Council of Ten in
the city of Venice, the name of which denouncer
is not known, the form of which writ is not pub-
lic, either to General Stone or to any one outside
ofthose whocominanded it. From whom itcomes
no one knows; whether by authority of any law
no one is infoimed. Whether it comes from
the President of the United States, he has not
been able to ascertain upon diligent application.
Whether it comes from the Secretary of War,
neither he nor his friends have been able to learn
with certainty. Whether it comes from the senior
general of the Army of the United States, no one
has been able to discover with certainty.
Tins, Mr. Presideni, is a strange thing in this
strange period of history in what is called a free
Republic, unless it haw ceased to be strange by lea-
son of some recent parallel examples. I do not
know whether we are as well nlf hero as they were
in England in the middle ages when a kins: said to
his justiciary: ''Tins is an English not a Turkish
court."
Mr. President, there are singular things about
this matter, and some of them I will endeavor to
state somewhat historically. It was on Saturday,
February 5, I think, that he was arrested, at mid-
night. On the Wednesday evening before that, I
met General Stone, dressed as became a person in
his office, at the house of the President, where no
one went on that evening except by special invita-
tion. He was there mingling with his friends, re-
ceiving as much attention and as much consider-
ation from all about him as any man then present.
All smiled upon him; that at least appeared before
his face. There may have been smiles in front
and fierce frowns behind. Only two evenings after
that, if I remember aright, he was the guest under
similar circumstances of the commander-in-chief
of our Army, I mean the senior general in com-
mand, and there again receiving the hospitalities
of the men first in office and first in the consider-
ation of the country. On, I think, the very day
of his arrest, he was in the War Department, re-
ceived by the head of the War Department as a
man who had the entiie confidence of the Govern-
ment, and of himself as one of the Government's
representatives. On that evening he was seized,
taken from his home and family, as I said, at mid-
night, carried off to Fort La Fayette and impris-
oned, as arc imprisoned men who are convicted
and adjudged guilty of the highest offense known
to the law. Ho was not a simple citizen; he was
a man to whom a great many men in this country
looked for aid in the great struggle now going on
in the nation; he was a man known to be disci-
plined in war; he was not one of those
"That never set a squadiou in the field,
Nor the division of a battle knew
More than a spinster."
He was, and had been for many years, ac-
knowledged as one of the most thorough and ad-
mirable soldiers that have served the Federal
Republic. He was in service; and when I say he
had the confidence of the men who served under
him, and the confidence of the men who served
with him, I state what I do know, for with me it
has been a matter of particular inquiry. And I
may say that the reason why I pai ticularly es-
pouse his cause now, so far as these inquiries are
concerned, is, that I have known him long and
well. He has been a citizen, or resident, if you
please, of the State which I have the honor to rep-
lesent; a man not merely respected, but loved
among all those with whom he came in contact
and who knew him on the Pacific coast.
The country has some interest in this matter
outside of the system of leitres de cachet. Gen-
eral Stone was taken from a high command in the
Aimy, to the leaders of which Army he was well
known, for no cause stated. Officers of the Army
who think they are fighting to maintain free prin-
ciples ought to be informed whether, without of-
fense alleged, without cause shown, when they
apparently have the confidence of those in com-
mand, they are subject to seizure, to imprison-
ment, to be held for months in imprisonment, and
not even then to be informed whether they are ar-
raigned for treason, whether they are seized for
disobedience of orders, whether it is for an irregu-
larity,orwhether it is for some conspiracy against
the integrity of the Republic involving life. Now,
here for almost seventy days it has been in the
mouths of men that this gentleman, whose fair fame
has been above reproach, was a traitor to the coun-
try; but who says it? Who says it, Mr. Presi-
dent? Rumor says it—that great manufacturer of
falsehoods, which,although a mere manufacturer
of falsehoods, as a general thing, lias the power to
destroy the fairest fame and to steal from an hon-
ored brow laurels nobly won. Who has given
occasion to this rumor? I ask it in my name as
a citizen; I ask it in my name as a Cahfornian; I
ask it as a Senator here, who has given currency
to this rumor or who has justified or made that ap-
pear justifiable whereby these results have been
accomplished ?
it is a most strange and extraordinary thing,
and so strange and extraordinary that it has even
challenged the press and the pulpit, inquiring into
" how can these things be done?" It is not only
men of my opinions whose rise indignant at acts
like this, not merely men who hold my political
opinions; not men of my profession; and it is
generally thought that lawyers are friends of con-
stitutional liberty, and probably they are watch-
ful as to how and when rights are impinged upon
