THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1862.
N w Series ]Nfo. 41.
the value of the property would be increased still
further to the extent of the notes of individuals so
put in circulation.
But all property is not to be reduced to cash at
one time, out only that part of it which is in its
transit from the producer to the consumer; and
that which is changing its charactcr, as the selling
of one estate to invest in another.
A part of the money of the country is hoarded,
and is consequently withdrawn from circulation.
The residue is in use, and is facilitating the ex-
change of commodities, and of transacting the
business between the producer and the consumer.
If you narrow the circulating medium, you, to the
extent you narrow it, decrease the value of com-
modities. Though a dollar is always one hundred
cents, a dollar will not always purchase the same
quantity of the product of labor, for while the crops
are the same, a dollar atone time will buy a bushel
of wheat, and at another time it will buy only three
fourths of a bushel. The sudden contraction in
thecirculating medium produced by the celebrated
specie circular caused the revulsion and the con-
sequent depreciation of values which took place in
1837. As the diminishing of the circulating me-
dium will produce a depreciation of prices, so
will an expansion of that medium produce an ap-
preciation of prices. Now, therefore, if we in-
crease the circulating medium of the United States
§150,000,000, without creating a new demand for
that circulation, we must consequently very much
increase the price of commodities. And, as the
Government is at present, the greatest consumer,
the Government will be compelled to pay a very
considerable proportion of the increased prices
which this issue will occasion.
But, sir, it may be said that the issuing of
§150,000,000 of Treasury notes will not increase
the circulating medium to that amount; but that,
to a limited extent, these notes will supplant the
bank notes already in circulation. 1 think the
truth of this proposition will depend somewhat
upon the passage of the banking bill. If that bill
passes, and the one now under consideration also
passes, this result may be attained; but it will be
reached at terrible cost. Let us look at this sub-
ject a little. Suppose we take, to illustrate what I
have to say, the case presented by the actual state
of things in the district which my fellow-citizens
have permitted me to represent here. There is in
that district a banking capital of about twenty mil-
lions of dollars. This, by the aid of deposits and
the circulation of bank notes, enables the banks to
afford a. line of discount, varying according to the
state of business and of the money market, from
twenty-six to thirty millions of dollars. I do not
pretend to exactitude of statement as to the extent
of the line of discount, but only to an approxima-
tion to the fact. The banks are authorized to issue
notes for circulation to the extent of sixty per
cent, on their capital stock paid in, and generally
all of the stockholders of the banks arc individ-
ually liable for all of the debts of the banks. The
Suffolk banking system obtains in New England,
and is carried out through the agency of the Suf-
folk Bank, or the bank of mutual redemption in
Boston, the commercial capital of that section of
the country. By this system the bills of every
bank in New England are taken by every other
bank at par. These bills are sent to the agency
in Boston for redemption, where every bank has
its balance struck weekly, and pays or receives
that balancc in specie, or its equivalent, as the
balance maybe against or for the local bank. Thus
much, perhaps, it is necessary that 1 should state,
to the end that our banking system may be un-
derstood.
Now, how will that system be afiected by the
scheme of the Committee of "Ways and Means?
Let us take a Rhode Island bank, with a capital (
of $200,000, for an example. Such a bank may {
issue bills to the amount of ^1^0,000, and may
afford a line of discount of $300,000, fiom which
the bank will derive an income of §18,000. The
ordinary expenses and losses of the bank will be
about four thousand dollars; leaving §14,000, or
seven per cent, on the capital stock, to be divided
41
among the stockholders. A very considerable
proportion of the loans made by these banks are
made on the faith of acceptances which mature
and are made payable in New York, Philadel-
phia, and Baltimore. Now, if Congress carries
out the scheme of the Committee of Ways and
Means, itis but fair to presume that our debts ma-
turing out of New England will be paid in these
Treasury notes. If we carry them to our redeem-
ing bank in Boston, that bank will tell us that if
we persist in forcing upon them these notes, they
wtll not redeem our circulation. This will force
us to withdraw our circulation from the commu-
nity, and compel us to pay over our counters
Treasury notes. This will deprive our banks of
the benefit of the income from their circulation.
Take the illustration I have already put, and de-
duct $6,000 from the income of §18,000 from a
bank with a capital of $200,000. You will then
have §12,000, from which you may deduct aver-
age expenses and losses of $4,000, leaving you
but §8,000, or four per cent, per annum, to be di-
vided among the stockholders. This would com-
pel all of our banks to come into the new banking
system, and force them to withdraw their capital
now loaned to the business community from the
hands of their customers, and to loan it to the
Government. Withdraw from the people of a sin-
gle congressional district $20,000,000 now actively
employed in the business of the district—the re-
sult of such an act it needs no seer to foretell;
mills on short time; mills stopped; laborers thrown
out of employment; bankruptcy, disaster, and
distress everywhere. All the result of a forced
loan. The murmurs that this will bringupfiom
a ruined and discontented people will be long and
loud. Tax us, and we will pay our taxes with
pride, for we shall have the consolation of con-
tributing thus much to the salvation of our coun-
try. But if you pass this bill, containing this
tender clause, you will deprive us of the ability to
pay taxes. But let us look into this bill from an-
other stand-point.
The effect of this scheme of the Committee of
Ways and Means, if the legal tender clause is re-
tained in this bill, will be to destroy the currency
of all banks of circulation in the country, and to
monopolize this circulation in the Government.
This, 1 think, must ruin the business prosperity
of the country, and consequently destroy, or very
seriously impair the value of the securities issued
by the Government, which are based upon the
prosperity of the business interests of the coun-
try. Perhaps one or two moneyed corporations in
Boston,and a fewsuch institutions in NewYork
and Philadelphia may be enabled to speculate out
of and profit by the general downfall of the business
of the country which will ensue; but it is against
these large moneyed monopolies who have be-
haved nobly and patriotically thus far, that we have
to guard the public. I have said that this increase
of the circulating medium will, until that circula-
ting medium has ail been issued, probably tend
to inflate priccs. This is true. And this infla-
tion will be augmented by impairing the ability
to produce of those who depend upon the banks for
facilities to transact business. But these Treasury
notes must one day be paid. Then there will be
a reaction. The Government will want gold and
silver to redeem its notes. The people will want
gold and silver for the Government. Then will
come the reaction; then the values of the product
of labor will depreciate, and then the people of
this country will begin to appreciate the true pol-
icy in relation to the issue of Treasury notes.
Then the wheat, which is to be sold to pay taxes,
and for which the Government are now paying
$1 50 per bushel, will be worth but one dollar;
and it is by calculating the difference that the same
people will realize at what an immense discount
they paid out their Treasury notes.
Again, with the legal tender clause in these
notes, they will become odious to the people. 1 !)is
thing was tiied in the States after the close of the
Revolution, and it miserably failed. The rancors
which it then created have descended from sire to
son, and have not yet been obliterated.
This financial scheme is obnoxious to all of
the objections which were urged againat the Uni-
ted States Bank, and to the additional objeetions
that its notes are to be made a legal tender, and to
the further objection that you are to create a thou-
sand banks instead of one, and that instead of
being managed by officers responsible to the Gov-
ernment they are to be under the control of thou-
sands of persons with but little responsibility to
anybody.
But the legal tender clause in this bill is the, most
odious feature in the system. Send out your bills
with a declaration upon their face that you have
not confidence in their value, and who will take
them ? Yet the very fact that you propose to force
them upon the public against the will of the peo-
ple implies that force is necessary in your judg-
ment to induce the people to take them. Men are
so constituted that they do not like to be deprived
of their free agency. They are not willing to be
forced to do anything, not even that which with-
out force they would be en tirely willing to do. Let
one or two men in a neighborhood who have the
specie wherewith to pay their debtsgo and sell that
specie for a premium and then buy Treasury notes
and pay their debts with them, white they pocket
the difference between the two values and throw
the loss upon their creditors, and you will by this
simple act raise the sense of justice of a whole
community against this system; yet who is there
that has any knowledge of human affairs that does
not know that this will he one of the practical re-
sults which will follow the passage of this bill.
The ingenuityof men could not,in my poorjudg-
ment, have devised a scheme of finance better cal-
culated to injure our country and all of its inter-
ests than that which has been presented in the two
bills of the Committee of Ways and Means.
But what are we to do? This is the startling
question which presents itself to every one. I
cannot but wish that this subject had been earlier
brought to the attention of the House. But it is
now before us, and we must meet it. If it had
been propounded to me a few months ago, I would
have said, "take the money which the Govern-
ment had hired, and lot it be tlie basis of a bank
—a United States Bank—which, upon the basis
of these loans, could have afforded a very great
relief to the country, if it had not provided for all
of its financial necessities." But that opportunity
has passed. Strike from this bill the tender clause
and I will vote for it, as objectionable as it is.
Bring forward your banking scheme, with proper
guards to protect the Governmentand people, and
I will vote for that, unless sortie better measure is
presented. Bring forward your tax bill, fairly
imposing the burdens upon every interest and
every section of the country, and by it providing
that at least $150,000,000 shall be paid into the
Treasury at an early (lay, and whether you pro-
vide for any set-off of claims held by the States or
not, I will vote for that; but I cannot vote forany
bill which makes Treasury notes a legal tender.
I want to keep all my action in putting down this
rebellion within the pale of the Constitution. I
do not wish,ay, I do not mean wittingly to tians-
cend any of its provisions.
Mr. Chairman, this scheme has been tried It
was tried in my own State at the close of the Rev-
olutionary war. That war had embarrassed the
people of Rhode Island as the people of no other
State m the history of this country have ever been
embarrassed. During that war, with only fifty
thousand inhabitants, she sent to the army of the
Revolution ten thousand soldiers. SheTxhausted
almost all her pecuniary resources—all except that
which rested in the arms of her laborers—in up-
holding the cause of the country. Embarrassed
as she was, her Legislature was driven to the ne-
cessity of issuing State notes and of making them
a legal tender. The people would not submit to it;
they said that the State Legislature had no right
to make them a legal tender. The question was
brought before the courts, and the courts, though
acting under a royal charter of Charles II, stood
up in the face of the Legislature and of the people
and hurled back to the Legislature, in bold defiance
