1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
37tii Co^g....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
Atlantic on the one side to the Pacific on the other, shall
bp the white man's homo; and not only the white man's
home, but the white man shall govern, and the nin^er never
shall be his equal."
Now, let me say I rather like that spirit of emu-
lation and generous rivalry. I am glad the Sen-
ator has pitched his standard so high,and I hope
he will always be able to demonstrate to the world
that the white race is the shpeiiorof the black
race; but I want to tell him right here that he must
get rid of all such sentiments as those, or he will
stand no more chance of eclipsing the black race
in the march of moral progress than the black race
does of eclipsing the angels. I want to say—and
that is all I have to say in this connection—that
while I may seem to urge many of the conclu-
sions urged upon the Senate by the Senator from
Delaware, I am really notechoing his sentiments.
I have another embarrassment in speaking to-
day. It is not a little difficult for a busy man to
determine what the proposition before the Senate
is. Since I formed the purpose of speaking, I
have labored industriously to £?et at it. On Fri-
day, just before the Senate adjourned, I ascer-
tained that an amendment to the original bill,and
a very important amendment, proposed by the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman'] had been
adopted. I applied at the desk of the Clerk to get
a copy of that amendment. He \ery politely fur-
nished me one through one of his assistants. I ex-
amined it; I took it home with me. To-day, I find
the bill, as originally reported by the Judiciary
Committee, printed, and I find the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, as printed in the bill, a very
different one from that which was furnished me
at the desk. The sixth class, as contained in the
amendment furnished to me, is not in the bill as
printed. Besides, to-day I find upon my desk a
great deal less than half a cord of amendments
that I had. never heard of at all. I suppose the
Chair knows precisely what the question is before
the Senate. As I do not undertake to know that,
I will only speak upon what I understand to be
the purpose of the bill, with the different amend-
ments offered and proposed to be offered to it now
pending; and yet, in defining (hat purpose, there
is no little difficulty. Those who advocate the
bill do not at all agree as to what its purpose is.
The title of it declares, in very simple terms, that
it is a bill " to confiscate the property and ft ee the
slaves of rebels." The Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] in the very able speech he sub-
mitted to the Senate some days since, character-
ized in his opening the bill very differently. He
said:
" The great puipose of the present bill is easily compre-
hended, easily undemtood, easily stated. It contemplates
two clashes of persons who have been or now arc engaged
in the present rebellion against the Government; the first
composed ot such per.-ons a-4 are absentees, without the
United States, owning pioperty within the United States;
the othei is that class ol persons who ate resident within
the United States, who own piopeity within the limits of
the Unired States-; and both elates arc, by the plain terms
of the hill, described and ticatcda-s insuigents, having taken
up arms against the Government ol'their country."
Now, I belong to one of those classes, and so
does the Senator from Michigan, and if the pur-
pose of this bill is to fix upon him or upon my-
self the stigma of being insurgents, I repudiate it.
Mr. HO WARD. Does the Senator from Wis-
consin intend to say that either ho or I has taken
up arms against the Government?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; I say I have not.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, the Senatormistakes
what I said.
Mr. HOWE. I read what you said.
Mr. HOWARD But you misconstrued it.
Mr. HOWE. "And both classes," that is,
those who are without the United States and who
own property within it, and those who arc within
the United States and own property in the United
States; " both classes are, by the plain terms of
the bill, described and treated as insurgents, hav-
ing taken up arms against the Government of
their country." Now, I say we both belong to
the latter class, we both are within the United
States, and I suppose we have both a little prop-
erty, and 1 hope the Senator from Michigan has
a great deal within the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. J3ut we have not taken up
arms against the Government.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; and that is the fault of
the bill, if it declares that we have taken up arms:
« The leading purpose of the bill is to declare forfeit and
confiscate all the property, real and personal, corporeal and
Ineoiporeal, of both tucae classes of persons, to the United
States, it being assumed by the bill, and being sodeclaicd,
that both classes of persons are beyond the reach of the
ordinary process of courts of justice and cannot be served
therewith." #
That is the purpose of the bill, as defined by
the Senator from Michigan in the opening. Sub-
sequently he treats it as a bill to punish treason.
Again he treats it as a bill to secure indemnity.
And others speak of it as a bill to suppress insur-
rection. So the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] argued it the other day, and so I think the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, regards
it. The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] on the contrary, treauftt as a bill to eman-
cipate the slaves; ana the Seimtor/rom Ohio [Mr.
Wade] treats it as a bill to Spse .revenue. My
own opinionvwhich I subraj.t%kh a great deal.of
diffidence in the midst of all tliis conflict, is, that
the purpose of the bill is rightly described by its
title; that it is simply a bill to confiscate the prop-
erty and free the slaves of rebels.
Now, sir, I am in favor of all the purposes
which different Senators have declared to be the
aim of this bill; but I do not consider the bill to
be worth (he paper upon which it is written for
either of them. I would like to punish treason;
I would like to secure indemnity against any fu-
ture rebellion; I would like to suppress this in-
surrection; I would be glad to emancipate every
slave that wears a chain; and I would he very glad,
and 1 have labored very hard, to contrive some
measure to raise revenue. We have got one, let
me say in passing, nearly perfected, and I was in-
clined to think it was the worst one [ over heard
of, but I think this scheme of the Senator from
Ohio is worse than that which wc propose to sub-
mit by and by.
In the remarks I have to submit this afternoon,
Mr. President, I propose to speak upon just three
piopositions: first, that you have no authority to
pass such a measure as this; second, that you
ought not to have any such authority, and third,
that if there are any members of the Senate who
want that authoiity, the Senator from Maine and
the Senator from Ohio are not of that number.
1 shall not detain the Senate but a very brief
peiiod of time to demonstrate my fn st proposition,
which is that you have no authority to pass this
bill. That has been argued, argued by lawyers,
abiyargued;and when the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] and the Senatorfrom Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Cowan,] and a great many otherSenators
have gone over a constitutional question, I think
it is becoming in me to let it alone. But allow me
to make one suggestion. If you enact this bill
into a law to-day, John B. Floyd, I think, will
come within the purview of it. I suspect that he
is engaged in treasonable practices against the
Government, and I suspect that he owns some
property. It is said that he took property very
freely. 1 suppose he has not got rid of it all. I
apprehend he has some on hand, and he will come
within the purview of this bill. Now, then, sup-
pose you enact it into a law to-night, if I should
get through with my remarks m season, to-mor-
row Mr. Floyd has not any property; nay, he
govs to bed to-night destitute of any property. I
am not about to appeal to the sympathies of the
Senate in behalf of Mr. Floyd. In point of fact,
I think I am slightly prejudiced against him my-
self. I am stating to you the operation of the bill.
I say if you pass this bill into a law to-nightand
get the appioval of the President to it, Mr. Floyd
will go to bed to-night a very poor man; indeed,
he will not have any bed to sleep on.
Mr. WADE. He can steal one to-morrow.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. He will do well to-morrow no
doubt, because he will start under new impulses
and under a new and extraordinary necessity, and
what ho will do under such a necessity, we can
only infer from what he did when he was not un-
der any such necessity. That will be the opera-
tion of the bill; and I say when that is done, you
have either taken Floyd's private property for the
public use, or you have punished a traitor, or you
have done both; and as 1 understand the Constitu-
tion you cannot do either. You cannot take private
property for public use, unless you make compen-
sation, because the Constitution expressly forbids
that to be done. You cannot punish a traitor, for
that is the exercise of judicial power which is
vested in the judicial department of the Govern-
ment. You may declarg what the ptKiishment
shall be, but the judicial power must ascertain
who has committed the treason.
1 have a little more to say upon the second prop-
osition, which is, that you ought not to have the
authority; and that if you were making a Constitu-
tion to-day instead of making a law, you ought not
and you could not, with any safety to the public,
put such a provision as this into it; because, sir,
if you have a right to enact a law which operates
as a punishment for one crime and upon one per-
son or one class of persons, you may punish any
other crime, or any other class of persons, in the
same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin would allow mc, I should like to ask him
a question right there, if it will not interfere with
his argument.
Mr. HOWE. I guess it will not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
the Senator from Wisconsin voted the other day
to free the slaves of rebels in the District of Co-
lumbia without compensation.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, I did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know how
he did that if lie cannot do this to-day.
Mr. HOWE. Does my friend from Illinois
find any fault with that vote?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Notatall; I am very glad
of it.
Mr. HOWE. What is the distinction between
the two cases? I apprehend there is one; we have
always contended that there was. Here resides
all the legislative power there is in the world over
this little District; but over that district lying
south of the Potomac and down on the Gulf we
have but a very small measure of legislative power,
and that is pointed out to us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If ihc Senator will allow
me, I should like then to ask him another question.
Can he do an unconstitutional aet in the District
of Columbia any better than any where else ? Is
not the clause of the Constitution on which the
Senator relies, that no person shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property without due process of
law, just as binding in the Distrietof Columbia as
in the Slate of South Carolina? Can we any more
violate it here than there? If we can take the
property of a man in the District because he is a
rebel, can we not take the property of a man in
South Carolina because he is a rebel?
Mr. HOWE. The Senator fi om Illinois isques-
tionmg me upon speeches thatothers have made,
and not upon any remarks T have made myself.
I not only do not rely upon the provision of the
Constitution which the Senator has just referred
me to, butl have made no allusion to it whatever.
That the power to terminate the relation of mas-
ter and slave is a legislative power, I have no more
doubt than that the power to determine the rela-
tion of parent and child, master and servant, guard-
ian and ward, is legislative. It is as much an act
of legislative power as that to create the relation
of guardian and ward, master and servant, owner
and slave. There is no doubt about it in my mind,
and being the exercise of legislative power, so far
as the District of Columbia is concerned, it must
be performed by the national Legislature, just as
in the State of Pennsylvania it had to be performed
by the Legislature of Pennsylvania. And because
that legislative act must be perfoimed by the Le-
gislature of the District, so far as it relates to
slaves within the District, and by the Legislature
of Pen nsy Ivan ia, so far as it relates to slaves within
that State, so must it be performed as a legisla-
tive act by the Legislature of South Carolina, so
far as it relates to slaves within the State of South
Carolina, and by the Legislature of every other
State, so far as it relates to this peculiar class of
persons within that State. A fuend suggests to
me that we did provide compensation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not for the slaves of-reb-
cls; only for loyal masters.
Mr. HOWE. I do not place theslightcststress
on that circumstance, i believe Pennsylvania
emancipated all her slaves without compensation;
Massachusetts did; New York did; New Jersey
did. Why? Because it was the exercise, of a
legislative act, and because the legislative power
