1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
But I find that on last Sabbath a gentleman, whom
I thought I never should have occasion to qtfote,
thought proper in the duties of his office on that
day, to say something on this very subject, and
in perfect accordance with the sentiments I have
and am about to express. It is rather strange that
I should quote him; and I cannot quote him ex-
actly, because it is not a full report; but on the
last Sabbath when, in accordancc with the proc-
lamation of the President, the people of the coun-
try assembled together to give thanks for our
recent victories—
" Rev. Henry Ward Becchcr preachcd an admirable ser-
mon on the duty of Christian sympathy with all who needed
spiritual or bodily comfort." * * * * *
"In alluding to such as are confined In our military pris-
on?, unconscious of what is charged against them, he dep-
recated in unmeasured terms the action "of any Government,
and pditlcularly of this Government, which should take
away, without trial and without veidict, the dcaieu rights
and liberties of the people. He did not believe it was well,
or in any way justifiable, to confine for weeks and months
in the daik depths of a dungeon men who might, if oppor-
tunity was offered, prove themselves absolutely guiltless of
the ciime charged upon them. He considered such trifling
with the rights of tiie people dangerous to our liberties and
dangeious to our institutions; and when people weie found
willing to submit to it, it was morn dangerous yet."
I said, Mr. President, I never expected to have
had occasion to quote that reverend gentleman,
but I am ready to quote any man when his lan-
guage is the language of truth and justice.
Mr. President, it may not otherwise than be-
come this occasion that I should say something
of who General Stone is, against whom these
charges have been flung and against whom this
fierce assault has been made, who has been thus
stabbed, not only in the dark, but in the back.
General Stone is of a race of men both paternally
and maternally who have been leaders and soldiers
of what is considered by many the best and most
enlightened and worthiest people of this Confed-
eracy. His family name and ins ancestry consti-
tute a part of the history of Massachusetts. His
grandfather's grandfather, among the early pil-
grims in Massachusetts, fought against the Indians
to win the land which is now that strong and pow-
erful State. His son, the present General's great
grandfather, holding a commission under George
ll, fought against the French and the Indians.
His grandfather on his father's side held a com-
mission as captain, and fought through the war
of the Revolution. One of his grandfather's sons,
a boy of sixteen, also fought in the war of the
Revolution, and afterwards served as a surgeon in
the war of 1812, and that surgeon's son died m
the military service of the United States at New
Orleans. Another of thatgrandfather's sons served
in the Federal Army against the first rebellion
(Shay's) which ever opposed the power of this
Union. His grandfather on the maternal side was
a general under Washington and one of his fa-
vorite generals. They have a large record and a
good one in Massachusetts. Some of them are
now carrying arms for that State in the Army of
the Republic. Fame has never whispered that
there was or had been any traitor among them.
Something has been said about his wife's fam-
ily in the rumors that are passing. All of them
that are acting at all are serving in this war, and
serving honorably, with the Army; and the hearts
of all of them are with the Government. And
is treason to be pronounced of such a person? 1
undertake to say, that according to all the laws
of evidence, and by a stronger argument than was
made in favor of the Gospel, it is impossible that
he should be otherwise than a patriot. He him-
self was sent from the State of Massachusetts to
West Point; he graduated with high honor; he
entered our Army; he went to the fields of Mex-
ico; on those fields he won honor. He has the
right to a commission, which has not been seized
from him by the police, where it is written, " Bre-
vetted for gallant conduct atMolinodel Rey," and
again another, " Promoted for gallant conduct at
Chepultepec." He is not only a learned, but he
has proved himself a gallant, officer. He has the
right to hold now eight commissions and a war-
rant, from eight different Presidents of the United
States. With all his antecedents and all his kin-
dred patriotic, he a traitor!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged, under the rule of the Senate, now to ar-
rest the further consideration of this resolution,
tuid to call up the special order of the day, on
which the Senator from Kentucky has the floor.
Will the Senator from Kentucky yield the floor
to the Senator from California? '
Mr. POWELL. I yield to allow the Senator
to conclude his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the com-
mon consent, of the Senate, that course will be
taken, and the Senator fromCaliforniawillproceed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I have
said before that General Stone was long a resident
in California. After the Mexican war he was or-
dered to that State. He there occupied a distin-
guished position, officially, in the consideration of
gentlemen of the Army, and in the consideration
of citizens of that State. In 1855, we then hav-
ing no armed enemies, he resigned from the ser-
vice to engage in business which belonged to the
affairs of peace. He put himself into relations
with our merchants, our men of trade, our mining
interests in the mountains, with the men of labor,
trade, and commerce throughout our State. As
he had been honored and respected in his official
position as a soldier, so he was as a business man
and a citizen. I learned there to know him well,
and 1 speak only of what I do know when I say,
that never since that State was founded has ther&
a man come into and gone out of it with higher
consideration on the part of all those who knew
him.
The breaking out of our present difficulties
found him in the city of Washington. In what
work was this "traitor" then engaged? He
organized the first battalion in the city of Wash-
ington to take charge of and maintain the capital.
He was made the officer in charge of the Federal
capital, having been specially selected for thatpur-
pose by General Scott, who knew his high qual-
ities as a soldier. Did he not discharge that duty
faithfully and well? Was he not the first who
took possession of the opposite side of the Poto-
mac and gave a footing to our Army in Virginia?
Did he not discharge that duty faithfully and well?
Was he not also assigned, when it was supposed
fur a while our communication was cutoff by way
of Baltimore, to take charge of this end of the
Annapolis road? Did he not discharge his duty
there faithfully and well ? No one then whispeied
a suspicion against him. When General Mc-
Dowell was sent across the Potomac to occupy
the shore of Virginia in force, Geneial Stone was
sent with four regiments to take possession of
Alexandria, and with his four regiments he main-
tained that line from Alexandria to Ball's Cross
Roads—a distance of some eight or ten miles-
threatened all the time by the enemy. Did he net
discharge that duty faithfully and well? It would
seem that when the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, made him a colonel of the
regular line of the Army and placed him at the
head of the fourteenth regiment, they knew him,
and they then thought he had discharged his duties
faithfully and well. He was then withdrawn from
that position to defend the city of Washington on
the northeast, with alightmovablecolumn. Does
anyone question but what he discharged his duties
there faithfully and well? He was made by the
President, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, a brigadier general of the United States Army,
and then placed in command of a division m one
of the most responsible positions within the power
of the Government in these days of peril and of
war.
He was in that position when the busy tongue
of the defamer—thus it seems to me—went to
work at his fair name, and Ball's Bluff was the
pretext. I have said that somebody did blunder
there. Whether it was General Stone that blun- j
dered, we are not informed; who blundered we S
do not know; what the true facts are we have not j
been able to ascertain. I do not know—have not j
been able to learn—although I was, before that 1
sad disaster, in which was lost one of my oldest j
and most honored friends—most honored by most ;
when lost—a companion in his camp; knew well !
the soldiers, officers, and men by whom he was ,
surrounded; I have sought to know; authority j
has sealed the fountains of full information, and :
I, who should know, am compelled to declare ,
myself to-day ignorant. It is said now, by vari- ■
ous and dark insinuations, that this sad result was -
the purposed conduct of General Stone. # Who
says it > Rumor says it. Ay; I fear that it is only •
old lying rumor that dares the responsibility of i
saymgit. Permit me to say, General Stone heard r
that there were questions made about his conduct
in connection with that great disaster, and that
he three times asked a court of inquiry to determ-
ine whether or not, in any respect^ he had failed
in his office. From time to time he solicited an
opportunity for a full investigationof his conduct
in that relation. I say, and say that of which I
am well assured—not that I know myself, but
that I am well informed—that he made sevejroJ
applications for a court of inquiry, and was told
by the authorities of the Government—not com-
mittees of Congress—that there was no occasion
for inquiry; that there was no fault found with
his conduct. I also undertake to say, upon good
authority, that almost presently before his arrest
he said to the present Secretary of War: '* Sir, I
hear complaints made about my conduct as an
officer at Ball's Bluff; I wish you to inquire into
it, and have the matter determined;" and that he
was assured by him that there were no charges
against him; that this Secretary advised him in
substance in these words: " there is no occasion
for your inquiry; go back to your command."
That was the day of the night on which he was
arrested, as near as I now remember. His arrest
startled the Army and startled the well-informed
men of our country outside of the specially in-
formed persons who, assuming to be advised, di-
rected this action.
ImmecJiatelyafter his arrest—for I am going to
give the Senator from Maine the reasons why 1
choose this form of interrogation, and that I may
be understood I beg the attention of the Senator
from Maine—and now, first, fori have much to
say, a gentleman well known in the city of Wash
ington, a man of eminent ability, recognized by
stranger and citizen as one of the men, one of the
first of the men, who reflect honor upon surround-
ing society, their profession, and their country,
and who did not think it dishonor to be the friend
of General Stone, wrote a letter offering his kind
services to the unuccused and imprisoned gen-
eral. Unaccused! He sent it open to the Sec-
retary of War, with the following note:
Washington, February 16, 186-2.
Sir: Geneial Stpne I rank among my friends. I believe
in his integnty and fidelity. So hilly do I believe, that
scarcely anything could shake the belief. He has served
me as a friend, and I want to let him know how truly I
sj'nipatluze with him.
I inclose an open letter for him, which I desire you to
read, nnd unless theie is something objectionable in it,
which 1 cannot see, do me the favor to have it forwarded
to him.
If I should go to New York next week, as I expect, can
I have a pass to visit hun ?
Veiy faithfully and truly, JOS. II. URADLEY.
IIou. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
I have been informed,and I think well informed,
that there is not a more eminent man in his pro-
fession, a purer gentleman, or a truer patriot,
within or without the Federal capital than Joseph
H. Bradley. I do not personally know that gen-
tleman, but all men praise him. Mr. President,
I prefer the name and qualities of Antonio to those
of the Jew of Venice.
War Department, Washington City, D. C.,
Febrxutry 20, J862.
Sir : The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge
your letter of the 16th instant, with the inelosure for Gen-
eral Stone, and to &uy in reply that lie deems your letter au
improper one to bo sent to Geneiul Stone, and will there-
fore withhold it. Further, that your request to be permit-
ted to visit General Stone cannot at present be complied
with.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
P. H. WATSON,
•Assistant Sccrcfary of War.
Joseph II. Bradley, Esq., Washington, D. C.
This letter was received February 24, 1862.
That the character of this exceptionable letter
may be understood, I w/N read to you what it
contained, from a copy in my hand. I will ask
the Secretary to aid me.
The Secretary read, as follows.
Wasiiingion, Fclruaiy 1G, 1862.
My Dear General: My first impul>e on hearingoi vour
arrest was to write to you and as-k if there is aintiling on
earth I can do for you, and that still remains. Of comsi; I
do not give any heed to the idle uunois put utloat to jour
piejudico, nor would 1 Jihton to .ui> one \\ ho snould attempt
to suppoitthe iuiput itions against you except in a judicial
proceeding, nor would I believe them then unK's..-, supported
by hrefragable proof. I know theio are men vile enough
to fabricate proof to eomlemn \ou, and with rkiil and in-
dustiy such as to make itdiiiieiiu to expose the fabrication;
and undoubtedly theie may be suggested motives' fctrong
enough to «,< euio the active  emoes of Mich men. But
hitherto with some c.\p"iienee ot such things, f have never
known such a plot to he entuefy MiceessfuCmu! have been
fottunate enough to dKeovei inoie than one. Of course I
take it fot gianted that when you jooeive, as you aie en-
titled to leeeive, your trial, I expect the same result in your
