642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
of their power, the act which they had passed and
which thus infringed upon the rights of the citi-
zen, as being based upon principles which were
at variance with the common rights of the citizen.
That ended the legal tender clause there. The peo-
ple struggled long with their difficulties, and finally
paid their debts without making further efforts to
sacrifice their honor or their credit. It cannot be
that the Congress of the United States, in view of
the vast wealth of the country, will believe it to be
their duty now to adopt the policy that that little
State did at the close of the Revolution. We are
not driven to that extremity. Sir, if we do pass
this act with the legal tender clause, it is by no
means certain that it may not return to us, as the
actof the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island
came back to them, and then what will be the con-
dition Of the finances of the country? If this act
passesandshall be declared unconstitutional, what
will be the condition of the country then ?
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that the Constitution
of the United States, which has, thus far in our
history, been equal to every necessity, is equal
to the one which is now upon us. It is only by
keeping carefully within its provisions that we
shall be secure. It is only thus that we can bear
it through this trial, and bring it triumphantly out
of the difficulties which now surround it. For one,
I mean to keep within those provisions. I will
stand by the Constitution even if it falls, and at
the risk of being crushed by its fall.
Mr. CRISF1ELD obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. WEBSTER, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mai.louy reported that
(he Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 240, to authorize the issue of United States
notes,and for the redemption or funding thereof,
and for funding the floating debt of the United
States, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 give notice—I do not
know whether it will have uriy ('fleet—that if I
nan get the floor to-morrow morning, I will oiler
a resolution to close the debate upon this bill, so
that we may go to voting, and try and relieve the
country.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who has left the
House, requested me to ask that a bill which he
will offer as a substitute may be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fohney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate insisted on
its amendment disagreed to by the House, to the
bill of the House Mo. I(i5, making an appropri-
ation for completing the defenses of Washing ion,
agreed to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses 011 said
amendment, and had appointed Messrs. Wil,su.n,
of Massachusetts, Giumes, and Henderson, man-
agers at said conference on the part of the Senate.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint reso-
lution (S. No. 41) in relation to allotment certifi-
cates of pay to persons held as prisoneis of war ill
the so-called confederate States, when the Speaker
signed the same.
And then, 011 motion of Mr, KELLOGG, of
Illinois, (at four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 5, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
• Mr- 0AVIS presented the memorial of Wil-
ham li. Young, colonel of the Kentucky cavalry
regiment, praying that he may receive his pay for
actual services rendered, and that ho may be re-
stored to his command; which was referred to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the Territory of Nebraska, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail nyito from
Marshalltown, in Iowa, to Decatur, in Nebraska;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to beprinted.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, it
was
Ordered, That the memorial of Samuel A. Lowe, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Terri-
toiies.
PRESENTATION OF AMERICANS AT VERSAILLES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate, if not incompatible with
the public interest, any recent correspondence on the files
of the Depaitment ol State i elating to the presentation of
American citizens at the Court of France.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled joint
resolution (S. No. 41) in relation to allotment cer-
tificates of pay to persons held as prisoners of
war in the so-called confedeiate States; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident.
FISCAL AGENCY.
Mr. CARLILE. I move the postponement of
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up a
resolution I submitted some weeks ago on the
subject of the finances.
The motion was agreed to; and thcSenate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Cahlile on the 13th of January,
with modifications ay hereafter explained:
Rcsolrcd, That the Committee on Finance inrjniie into
the expediency, Fii-t. Ofiawng by dneet taxation upon
real and peison.il propeity of'ewiy kind and descupuon—
taxing liquoih and auicleM of luxury at a higher rate than
other piopeny—a sum snflknent to pay the inteiest, at a
rate ot seven per cent, per annum, upon $200,000,000, and
also the principal, in ten yeats ; and a sum sumeient to pay
the inieie^t, at a rate of eight per eent. per annum, upon
$£00,000,000,and aKothopimcipal, in ihn ty yeni<?. Of HsU-
iiii for ten years, at the iate ol j merest fiisr aforesaid, bond.s
ibt $ 200,000,000; and for tinny \eai-", at the lateol mteiest
last aforesaid, foi 000,000; H'-ervui'; to the Govern-
ment ihe right to ledeem the whole or any piutof saul bonds
loi .^000,000,000 at any time alter live yeats, and Ihe whole
01 any part, of said nun ol ,^'00,000,000 at any time altei
twenty yeats, and of pledging the public lands as an addi-
tional security for the payment of the said sum of,000,-
000,000, by providing that no disport ion shall he made of
them until the whole of the said sum of #1,000,000.000 t-hall
be fully paid off and discharged, other than the sale of the
same under existing law*, and lor the deposit, with the fis-
cal ngeuey hereinafter provided lor.oi the proceeds auHD"
fiom the sale of the public hinds, to he added to the -.peeio
fund of said agency. .Second. Of et eating a fiscal agent or
agency, to bo located in the city of New York, with a specie
b.nis of not less than $V1>,000,(K)0, and amhoiizied to ihirre
note^ of the denomination of live dollaisand tipwaids, pay-
able on demand at the ngenev, to an amount not exceeding
tffOO,000,000. The caul stun of 6-00,000,000 of eum to be
deposited in sums ol .VX),000,000 at a time with the said
agency, and $75,000,000 m thirty-year bonds in the yccrc-
t.nj ol the Tk asiuv, w ho shall receive from th'* saul agency
#100,000,000 m us nofey; and thereafter, upon a deposit
bvth'' Heeietary of the Tiea^utv with the said ngeney ot
#0.">,ou0,000 in com and #/. ,000,000 ot the said thnty-vear
bonds, or any part tluieof, itoni time to tune, in s'ueh
amounts as the exigencies of the T tea-, my may reijnu ■>, he
shall toceive fiom the said agency an equal amount of de-
mand notes, u uh the specie so deposited, and the p.u value
ofthe said bonds Of authouzing -aid agency to "i<jll ^aid
bond.; ^0 deposited, or so many ul them as may be neees-
saiy to enable the said agency to icileem the note*, is-ued
by it, taking care never to allow the coin on hand to hear a
less proportion to the circulation than as one to lour Thud.
Ot providing that whenever notes issued b> the said agency
shall be pif-ented to it for redemption and pawncnt, m
sums of #100 and upwards, the holder theseot shall have
the right to demand and receive fiom said agencv a like
sum in the eight pei cent, bond* Fomth. Ol providing loi
the pajment by ihe -aid ace my of the inteion upon both
the seven and eight per eent. bonds hi com semi-annually.
Fifth. Of providing that it at any time, in the opinion of
the said a«em\\, the maiket value ot the bonds deposited
and the specie on hand shall bear to the eiteitkifion a less
piopoition than one to foui, said agonc\ shall have the iiirht
to call upon the Seciotaiy of the Tieasuiy lor a fmthei de-
pontoi thnty-y< ai bonds. Sixth. Of teqiming all piniuents
by the Government to be made in the demand notes i=- aied
by the said agencj.
Mr. CARLILE. I submitted this resolution
after Congress had been in session some werdes,
for the purpose of, if possible, bringing to the at-
tention of the Senate the necessity of early action
upon the financial policy that is to be adopted by
the Government. I am aware, sir, that all rev-
enue bills, under the Constitution, must oiiginatc
m the House of Representatives; but the power
of proposing amendments is given to the Senate
It is therefore not out of place to bring to the at-
tention of the Senate, as this resolution proposes
to do, the subjects of taxation, revenue, and cur-
rency.
There is another reason. X fear that, under the
plea of a pressing necessity, we may be induced
to adopt a system that will be ruinous to the in-
terests of the country, if not in violation of the
Constitution ofthe land.
The exigencies of the country require an ex-
penditure of $50,000,000 a month. I have a state-
ment from the Treasury showing that the pay-
ments during the month of October last were
§45,787,054 02; for the month of November last,
§55,524,675 86; and for the month of December
last, $42,461,268 73. These are the payments
from the Treasury; they do not include the de-
mands upon the Treasury which arc yet unsettled
and unpaid. It is but fair, therefore, to infer that
at least the sum of $50,000,000 a month is neces-
sary to supply the wants of the Treasury. I had
supposed that some wcll-considcred financial pol-
icy would have been submitted to Congress upon
its meeting in December from the Treasury De-
partment; but, so far as I am ad vised, we are with-
out any such aid. The scheme which seems to
have the most favor is one authorizing the issue
of Treasury notes, declaring them to be a legal
tender, and looking to the aid of the banks to
furnish the means.
Now, sir, the Treasury is empty. How shall
it be replenished and the country saved from an
irredeemable paper issue ? These arc subjects for
the consideration of Congress, to be disposed of
by this Congress and at this session. They can-
not bo delayed or postponed. Can the wants ofthe
Treasury be supplied, and at the same time a sound
and uniform currency, convertible at the will of
the holder into gold and silver, be secured to the
people? This is the want. That this can be done,
I have no doubt,and it is in order that we shall not,
undcrthe plea of a pressing necessity, be forced to
the adoption of temporary expedients and tempo-
rary measures of doubtful constitutionality that
I submitted on the 13th day of the Inst month the
resolution which is now before the Senate.
I am opposed to any system looking to a de-
parture from the well-established policy of the
Government, which is an entire separation of the
Government from the banks. I am opposed to a
reunion. lam not willing that the national credit
shall be dependent upon the banks, nor am I will-
ing that banks shall be used by the Government
as Treasury agents.
I would inquire if the credit of the banks is not
now based upon confidence alone. Take away
from them confidence, and depositors will take
away their deposits. Take away from the banks
the Government, and all bank credit is gone.
The banks cannot exist without the Govern-
ment; the Government can exist without the
banks; the people and the people's Government
should not be controlled by the banks, but the
Government should control the banks. A finan-
cial policy that will command the confidence of
the country by making Government securities (he
safest and most desirable investment for capital,
and at the same time secure to the people a sound
and uniform currency, is what the country needs,
and what the people have a right to expect at the
hands of Congress.
"VViiencier you assure the capitalist that certain
provision is made for the piompt payment of his
interest in com, and the return of the principal at
maturity, you will be able to command all the coin
that you may want. Whenever the people see
that your circulation is secured by an ample spe-
cie deposit, and a deposit of Government securi-
ties equivalent to specie, your notes will be re-
ceived at par everywhere, and the banks, instead
of controlling the financial policy of the Govern-
ment, will be compelled to resume specie pay-
ments or lose their own local circulation. If, how-
ever, the credit of the nation is dependent upon
banks, it will not be long until banks, Govern-
ment, and people will all go down together, for
financial ruin follows an irredeemable paper issue
as the night follows the day.
Now, sir, I wish to inquire where Congress
derives the power to compel a creditor to receive,
in payment of his debt, depreciated paper? No-
where m the Constitution is the authority given
to Congress to make Treasury notes, any more
than bank notes, a legal tender.
