1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
37ih Coxg....2d Sess.
145
Confiscation of Property—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
every one within its jurisdiction to be a traitor.
Prom the mo'ment the ordinance of secession
passed the convention of South Carolina, every
subject of the State was compelled to choose be-
tween obedience to the State and the authority of
the United States. He had to be loyal to the
Government of the United Slates, and disobey
the government of his own State; or to obey his
own State, and be disloyal to the United States.
By this bill it is proposed to punish those who
submitted to the command of South Carolina, but
to pass unwhipped and unnoticed those who is-
sued that command.
But, sir, I say the penalties of this bill, if itshall
become a law, must inevitably fall upon many
who are as innocent of treason as any member of
the body. Think for a moment of the condition
into which the title to every article of property in
the rebellious States is put, the moment this bill
is enacted. In those States there are stiil multi-
tudes who are loyal to the old flag and faithful to
• the old covenant. We have found them upon
every district upon which our armies have entered.
They are scattered through these States prosecu-
ting their several avocations, laboring, buying,
and selling. But when this bill shall have become
a law, purchase and sales will beat all end, simply
because no man can know of whom to purchase.
Now, if one wishes to purchase a farm, he can
ascertain from public recoids precisely who owns
it and every incumbrance upon it. Bui under a
law like this, a patent from the Governmentof the
United States, if twenty-four hours old, will be
no evidence that the Government does not still
own the land, because it will be no evidence that
the grantee has not, in the mean time, committed
some act of forfeiture.
Now, if one would purchase a horse or a pair
of oxen, he knows it is safe to purchase if the pos-
sessor is known to have raised them, or to have
purchased of one who did raise. But neither of
these facts will warrant a purchase after this bill
shall become the law of the land, because neither
will be evidence of title in the possessor. He may
have held some county or township office which
required of him to take an oath of allegiance to the
confederate government. He may possess some
property in a loyal State, and yet have paid taxes,
or in some covert way have aided the rebellion.
Under a law like this, if the rebel can conceal the
fact of his guilt, the property which his guilt has
forfeited may be sold toaloyal purchaser,so that
the blow you have aimed only at the fiercest of
your enemies may fall upon the steadiest of your
friends. And the steadiest of your friends finds
his own title slandered by the universal suspicion
and uncertainty which has been cast upon all
things.
There is another objection. That community,
by the bill as it stands amended, is divided into
classes. Upon those classes named its penalties
are to fall. From all others they are to be with-
held. it operates, therefore, to a certain extent,
as an act of amnesty to all those engaged in the
rebellion who are not included in one or the other
of the specified classes. .It is not in terms an act
of indemnity. It does not in terms exempt any
one from all punishment; but that is what you
mean by it; to punish those mentioned in these
several classes, and to exempt the balance of that
community. 1 have said you have included in
these classes some of the most innocent; you have
excluded the guiltiest, or a large portion of them;
but now I have to call your attention to the num-
ber you have excepted from this amnesty. How-
many are there in this bill upon whom you pro-
pose to visit these penalties? How many thou-
sands? How many hundreds of thousands? There
is no census which enumerates them; I will not
guess at the number; but you know there are
many, many thousands. When this act is once
passed, there is no exemption from its penalties.
Every man who comes within its purview is pun-
ished; there is no pardon; there is no remission
of sin. The men whom you name here, be they
many or few, a thousand or a million, the mo-
ment they come within the purview of this act,
its penalties strike them, and there is no exemp-
tion ftajn them. I shall not quarrel with any
Senator about the number, whether there be one
thousand or ten; but it is a very extraordinary
act of amnesty to proclaim.
New Series—No. 10.
The Senator from Vermont the other day seemed
to think there was but one precedent for it. He
was then talking of tire bill as it stood before the
Senate at that time, a bill which proposed to visit
every rebel with its penalties. He thought there
was but one precedent for it, and that was in the
celebrated campaign of Judge Jeffreys in the west
of England. I never thought I should have to
stand forth as the apologist for the " bloody as-
size;" but I want to assure the Senator from Ver-
mont that, as i undeistand the history of that
campaign, he has done a gross injustice to Chief
Justice Jeffreys, in supposing that his campaign
there furnishes any precedent for this sort of le-
gislation. Instead of punishing every traitor, that
mild and just and lamb-like judge only hung
three hundred and twenty out of the whole num-
ber engaged in that rebellion. Why cite him as
a precedent for this legislation which includes
thousands upon thousands, and gives notice to
the woild that for them there is no escape, not
even any pardon?
In 1775, I have understood, there was a very
formidable rebellion in this country, organized
against the authority of the British Crown. In
the first year of that rebellion the ministers of the
king attempted to scduce his revolted colonies
back to their allegiance, and to secure indemnity
against future revolts. The policy they adopted
was the policy of this bill; to hold out pardon to
the multitude and denounce penalties upon the
leaders. The temper of that ministry we under-
stand to have be^n hard and unrelenting. They
cannot justly be suspected of an undue tenderness
for traitors. They had a representative in Boston
in the person of Governor Gage. He issued his
proclamation to the rebels of Massachusetts. He
promised the king's pardon to all who should lay
down their arms, except those great leaders of
whom it was thought necessary to make an ex-
ample. Those exceptions in the whole colony of
Massachusetts numbered just two. John Han-
cock and Samuel Adams were the only rebels in
the whole colony who were excluded from the
clemency of the Crown.
Considered in the light of an amnesty I know
of but one precedent for this. It is to be found in
the history of Virginia. I have heard there was
an insurrection in that State a few years since.
The insurrectionary force was captained by* one
John Brown. He commanded I think an army
of twenty-two men. I have never understood that
he intended or desired to overthrow the Govern-
ment of the United States or even that of Virginia.
But he had some wild impracticable purpose which
induced him to visit that State at the head of
the force I have named. That insurrection was
promptly crushed. That rebellion was even more
vigorously punished than we propose to punish
tins. Governor Wise, reversing the precedent of
Governor Gage,and improving upon that, instead
of pardoning all but two, he hung all but one, and
him he turned over to the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States for execution. I have always thought
that a precedent to be avoided rather than followed,
and so I think to-day. It is no administration for
us to copy; it is no action for us to imitate. So
I conclude we have 110 authority to enact such a
law as this, and I conclude the law is so danger-
ous and oppressive that no Legislature ought to
be authorized to pass it.
I have now to remark that if any one here really
desires to enact such a law, the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Moeiull] and the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] are not of that number. Their argu-
ment is, if I understand it, that the penalties pro-
vided in this bill will be regaided as cruel and op-
pressive; that after the war is over the people will
not brook the infliction ofsevere punishments even
upon the guiltiest of their enemies. Therefore
they urge if we are to dispense any penalties at all,
we must do it now while the strife is going on and
our blood is up, although we do it at the risk of
confounding the innocent with the guilty.
Thus they oppose the bill offered by the Sen-
ator from Veimont as a substitute for this, be-
cause, as they argue, it postpones the day of pun-
ishment until peace has returned. The Senator
from Maine says:
It postpones the idea of doing anything until a period
when wo s holl be at pence ami repose, and wlien, I repeat,
to undertake to pro&ccutc bodiesoi men, or classy of men,
in those districts, would be little less than criminal '
"Little less than criminal" to punish a rebel
after the rebellion is crushed and his guilt is de-.
termined, but highly patriotic and praiseworthy
to punish a whole community under the name of
rebels while the war is in progress and their guilt
is only guessed at. He continues:
<£ Sir, when this rebellion has been put down and sup-
pressed, the arts of peace and the comities of peace will be
our duty and our office. We shall not feci then that the
time has come to institute a general assize, a general inquiry
over all the country in rebeliion, for the purpose of punish-
ing by indictment, tiial, conviction, sentence, forfeiture of
estate."
That generous sentiment struck upon the heart
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and he
echoed it in the remarks he made on Friday last.
He said:
<( Sir, I repeat in conclusion, that any remedy that you
provide that had no reference to putting down this rebel-
lion, and only looks to the punishment of traitors after peace
shall be proclajmed everywhere, is not a remedy that seems
to me to be wise. It would be a kind of vmdictiveness'.
Badly as these men have used us, venomous as they have
shown themselves—mutilating our dead, murdering our
prisoners, doing every wrong that savage malice could in-
vent— still if they would lay down their arms tQ-dayand
come into the fold and a^k pardon for their infernal treason,
I do not feel that I could coolly go on under the bill of the
Senator fiom Vermont to take their lives. That would be
no icmedy. It would be wreaking mere vengeance upon
those who were deprived of power to detend themselves."
Those two Senators warn us that the country
will not tolerate the spectacle of inflicting punish^
ment upon the guiltiest of the rebels after the re-
bellion isended; and yet theyadvocate a measure
which will exhibit to the nation thousands upon
whom the punishment has been inflicted. They
tell you the people will not endure to see such
penalties imposed, but theyadvocate a law which
will parade before the people whole brigades of
victims upon whom they have been imposed.
Thus we are hurried on to do amidst the excite-
ment and the tumult of war that which we foresee
will be condemned under the reign of peace.
Thus, like Hubert, charged with the murder
of that " pretty child," Senators spur on their
alarmed sensibilities with the argument—
<CI must he brief; lest resolution drop
Out at mine eyes in tender womanish tears."
I submit to the Senate if it be not wiser for us
to provide penalties winch the nation may impose,
as its justice shall dictate, rather than to inflict
penalties from which we know its humanity will
revolt. Formerly,whenacrimmalwasexecutedin
England, his lifeless body was left to dangle upon
the gallows. The barbarous fact is an offense
upon the page of every history which records it.
But the skeleton corpse annoyed no one but him
who traveled by it. To us, however, it is delib-
erately proposed to endow an unnumbered multi-
tude of skeletons with locomotion, that they may
wander through a restored society at will.
Mr. President, the arguments by which this
bill has been urged upon the Senate strike me as*
almost as extraordinary as the provisions of the
bill itself. I have paid more attention to the speech
of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] than
to any other. He is not in his seat, and 1 will not
comment upon the speech as I should have done
at some length if he had been here; but I will call
the attention of the Senate to one of the consider-
ations he urged in support of this bill, and it has
been urged by others besides himself. He urges
it as a measure of consolation to those people of
the United States who are suffering from this re-
bellion. He really has persuaded himself, and he
would have^ersuaded the Senate that it will carry
comfort and consolation to those people. He
really undertakes to make us believe, as 1 doubt
not he has made himself believe, and he tells us in
so many words that if weenact this law we can take
it to all those widows and orphans who have been
bereaved, or may be hereafter bereaved, by the
vicissitudes of this war, and it will turn their tears
of mourning into tears of joy. Here is his lan-
guage:
£i Sir, pass this confiscation, with proper discriminations.
Let its blighting bn-ath fail upon the ringleaders who have
betrayed the weak and the uiivvaiy, whose poisoned words
have iien/ied their neighbors, and whose cruel arms have
spread deviation where peace and friendship oncereignea
under the old tins. Carry it into the border States, into
Mtssoui i, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia; carry it to
the half-burnt cabin where the Union lather, the Onion
mother,and the Union daughters, struggling amidst the rums
of a once happy home, are weeping over the fate or sons
and brothers who have fallen in dreadful combat with ma-
