THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 365,
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 31, 1862.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
Jabez C. Woodman, president of the York and
Cumberland Railroad Company, of Maine, m
favor of a reduction of the proposed tax on the
receipts of railroads; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the memorial of
A. Watson, in favor of the establishment of a
United States residence registry at Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. Yesterday I offered the me-
morial of a powerful religious denomination for
emancipation. 1 now offer the memorial of a sin-
gle citizen asking Congress, as a war measure,
andimmediately, to emancipate all the slaves, and
the reason he assigns is as follows:
'kl have lost a dear son by this war, and I do not like to
see the Government trying so many experiments to put
down tin* rebellion, and fail to strike at the root of it—sla-
very itself."
1 ask that the memorial lie on the table.
It \vas so ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 343) to pro-
vide for additional medical officers of the volun-
teer service, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CO WAN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Jane B. Evans, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 346) for the relief of
Jane B. Evans. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of John H. Merrill, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of John G. Mini, praying for
an extension of his patent, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
DAMAGES DONE THE ARMY.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be diieeted to com-
municate to the Senate whether claims have been made by
citizens of the United States upon the War Departmenttor
damages to ordestiuction of property by the Federal Army ;
and if so, the nameis of such claimants; also, whether
measures have been taken to ascertain tiie actual damages
iu such case ; arid if so, what.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimousconsent obtained,leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 345) to purchase the hospital in the
city of Washington, known as the 44 Douglas hos-
pital;" which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Mihtia.
MILITARY GOVERNORS OF STATES.
Mr. DIXON. I propose, whenever the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts shall call up the resolu-
tion which he submitted on Friday last, to offer an
amendment, of which 1 now give notice, and 1 ask
leave of the Senate to say a few words on that
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not in
order at this stage, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. Wait until I call my resolu-
tion up.
Mr. DIXON. Of course, if there is any objec-
tion t cannot proceed; but if no objection is made
I can go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion?
Mr. SUMNER. Itseems to me that it is clearly
out of oulcr.
Mr. DIXON. Of course it is out of order.
Mr, SUMNER. The Senator proposes to dis-
cuss a resolution which I have not yet called up.
Mr. DIXON. Of course, if the Senator objects
1 cannot proceed-.
165
Mr. SUMNER. I^never object to any Senator
expressing his views, and I am always too happy
to hear the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There are
some very important bills that we want to reach
this morning, and it seems to me the Senator had
better make his speech when the subject is taken
up.
Mr. DIXON. I do not expect to occupy over
ten or fifteen minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion ?
Mr. WADE. I feel bound to move to take up
the bill I have so often undertaken to have acted
on here, and that is the bill granting lands to agri-
cultural colleges. 1 think if that subject is to be
acted on at this session it ought to be acted on
promptly and now, and I move to take it up.
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator from Ohio
withdraw that for a moment to allow me to make
a report ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut is on the floor. The Chair hearing
no objection, the Senator from Connecticut will
proceed.
Mr. WADE. I feel bound, though I do not
like to do it, to make the objection, for I shall lose
the opportunity to take up this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the remarks
of the Senator from Connecticut are not in order.
Mr. WADE. I should like to hear the Sena-
tor at some other time.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw his motion for a few moments to
let us get in morning business.
Mr. WADE. I shall not niteipose any objec-
tion to reports or business of that character.
D. R. McNAIR.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That D. R. McNair, late Sergeant-at-Arms of
the Senate, be paid out of the contingent fund one year's
salary.
CLAIM OF GEORGE McDOUGALL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 offer a resolution, and
ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to take and leceive proofs,
to examine the same, and state the amount of beef actually
delivered and furnished (o the Indians in the lowei part of
the State of Cahfoirna by George McDougall in the year
1852, under a certain contract entered into between him
and O. M. Wozencraft, who assumed to act as agent in be-
half of the United States; and also of the value thereof at
the time of its delivery; and to report the same to the Sen-
ate with all convenient dispatch, with hus opinion upon the
justice and amount of such claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This comes under
the head of bills and resolutions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Itis not a joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolution
with the force of law, and comes under the same
head with joint resolutions and bills. If it means
anything, it means that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does the resolution lie
over ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a joint resolution without
previous notice. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have the
resolution passed. If is a resolution directing the
Secretary of the Interior to inquire into the va-
lidity and amount of a certain claim, and to report
it to the Senate. It is not for the appropriation
of any money, but merely to direct the Secretary
of the interior to inquire into and report upon the
amount of the claim.
Mr. LATHAM. Does the Chair dccide that
that resolution is in the nature of a law ? It is
meiely to get infoimation which one of the com-
mittees of the body requite,^before they can have
satisfactory action on a claim that is pending be-
fore them. It appropriates 110 money. It calls
merely for infoimation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that the matter has been
before the Committee on Indian Affairs; they do
not iccommend the passage of any law for the
payment of the claim, but desire in some way to
have the Secretary of the Interior take further
testimony in relation to the amount of the beef
which was then delivered, and his opinion as to
the justice and validity of the claim, so that when
it comes before Congress at the next session, we
can have further proof on which to act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair this resolution does have the force
of law; it is that the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to take and
receive proofs, &c. If he has the authority by
law, you do not want this resolution; but it can
be modified to meet the case.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin to modify it so as to make it a resolu-
tion for information.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will let the resolution
lie over until to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take up
and act upon a resolution of inquiry offered by
me yesterday addressed to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone all other orders,
to take into consideration the resolution in rela-
tion to an air-line lailroad from Washington to
New York.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Kennedy] objected to the resolution yes-
terday. I do not see him in his seat this morn-
ing, and I suggest that it had better lie over until
he has an opportunity to come in. I know that
his constituents feel an interest in it.
The motion was not agreed to.
LANDS TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. WADE. I now renew my motion, and I
will not give it up for anything.
Mr. WILKINSON. I trust that motion will
not prevail. There are several gentlemen who feel
a deep interest in opposing the passage of the bill
who are absent, and I shall feel it my duty to
oppose it.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 11.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 298) donating public lands to the sev-
eral States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts. The pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Lane,] to insert at the end of the second section:
Jind provided further, That not more than one million
acre* sli:i]! lie located by -uch assignees ill any one of the
States. Jlnd jnotiidetl further, Tlifit no sucll location shall
be made he Tore one year troui the passage of this act.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Kansasis not
here. He takes an interest m it, and I agreed
with him that I would not oppose this amendment.
I do not think it is unreasonable, but then I leave
it to the Senate, as I told hitu I should, to pass
judgment on it. My own opinion is thatit would
be right to adopt the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sorry to have the bill
taken up in the absence of my colleague. If the
chairman of the committee will consent to this
amendment, I think my colleague will have leas
objection and perhaps no objection to the passage
of'the bill. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
I believe the proportion, as has been shown in a
previous discussion, much larger for our State than
ft is for the other States who have public lands ;
and if the chairman of the committee will accept
this amendment and approve of it, 1 will make no
argument 011 the subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I oiferan additional sec-
tion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment already offered which will be read. It was
