1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
he will bo allowed to have for the purpose of taking exer-
cise ; it*he should be til. the certificate of the surgeon will
govern the case."
Hero General Stone was imprisoned in a dun-
geon in Fort La Fayette, not only within thick
but within damp walls, corresponding somewhat,
as I am informed, with those dungeons com-
plained of in Sicily; and it was not until long
after the certificates of physicians, and there came
appliances made by influential men to the powers
that be, that he was exchanged over to Fort Ham-
ilton, a placc equally safe, only more healthy.
How do they treat a prisoner whose offense is
capital on board a ship-of-warin the English seas,
by English laws? 1 quote from Hickman on
Naval Courts-Martial:
" By the eighth article of the Admualty Instructions,
(chap. 1, p. 3,} commanding officers are authorized to place
any person in arrest who shall disobey oiders, orotheiwise
misbehave himself. This course is usually adopted prepar-
atory to bringing an officer to trial. It' the offense with
which lie is charged be of a capital or very flagiant nature,
it is customary to confine him to his cabin or mess-place,
with liberty to walk on deck for exercise atcertaiu peiiods;
but if, on the contrary, the charges are compatatively of
trifling importance, it would not genei.illy be considered
necessary to place any lestraint upon him other than by
confining him to his ship. Commanding officers* should be
careful that the arre>t is not of a moie seveie desciiption
than the circumstanccs of the ca*e will justify, as for any
undue seventy they subject themselves to a court-maitial
for a breach of the thirtieth article of war."
Ay; but perhaps Mr. Stanton is not subject to
the rules and articles of war; he lias no lawful
power to do this act; but he exercises the tyrant's
power restrained by no rule fixed in any statute-
book. Again, the same authority quotes Lord
Mansfield:
" If the heart is wrong, if cruelty, malice, and oppression
appear to have occasioned or aggravated the mi pi t son merit,
or other injury complained of, they shall not cover them-
selves with the thin vail of legal tonus, noi escape, under the
cover ol a justification the rao-t technically icmiiar, liom
that punishment which it is your piovince and your duty to
millet on so scandalous an abuse of public tru^t."
Lord Mansfield was pronouncing the law in a
court of justice; and heie let me say that whoever
has committed this foul, unheard-of wrong, either
death or the hand of justice (who, if lie have leaden
le^a is said to have an iron hand,) may, and I trust
will, reach him. Speaking in the same case of the.
officer having been kept in close quarters by his
commander in India, Cord Mansfield said:
" JJut supposing it to have been the defendant'^ duty to
call ium to a military account foj ins mi-conduct, what
apology !■  there for denying ium ihe n^eof the common air
in a sultry ehm.ito, and shutting linn up in aglooim |m>on,
when there ivai no possibility of binding Ium to trial for
several month--, (here not bang a sit()tiient number of officers
to form a cow t-mai tied * These en cuius tnnccs, independ-
ent of the direct evidence ot malice, as -ivom to by one of
the Witnesses, aie MiHieiont foi vou to piesmne a bad, ma-
lignant motive m the defendant, which would de-tiov hi-?
justification, had it even been w ithui the power.-, delegated
to the defendant by Ins comim-^iou."
Again, in the case of Swinton rs. Molloy, an
action for false imprisonment on hoard a man-of-
war:
"The defendant pleaded a justification for a supposed
bieach ot duty; but it appearing in evidence that the de-
fendant had nnpiisoued Ium toi tluee days without inquir-
ing into the mattci. and had then iclea-ed him on hem ing
his defense, Loid Mansfield<aid, that' such coi.duet on the
part of the defendant did not appear to have heon a pioper
dischaigc of his duty, and therefore that liK notification
had failed him uudei the discipline ot the navy.' '>
What shall be said hereafter, for there is to bo
a hereafter, about all of these great outrages-1
Many men—men respected in our neighboring
and northern Suites—have been seized and taken
from then-homes, no investigation made, no com-
munication permitted with their friends, and then
without investigation, without inquiry, without
any public record of <i justification, set loose by
the Government. These are bad records. Mr.
President, these bad, evil records have been made
for some time past; and they who sow the dragon's
teeth must expect to harvest bearded, belted,
armed men.
England, I will say Great Britain, a great old
people, however much we may be their adversary
—that great old Governmental^ people, acknowl-
edge law and right. I say this because it is just
and because I would further say that upon ques-
tions of liberty and right we may yet learn some
lessons from her. Great, brave-hearted Great
Britain! She has had her evil days, her days of
controversy; but from the time of the Heptarchy
none who have iieid power have used power as
does the man of to-day. It is said that weak men
dressed in " a little brief authority" do play " fan-
tastic tricks." He who said it knew all of the
ages past; perhaps he might have prophesied the
" fantastic tricks5' now played, not in the face of
high Heaven, indeed, for the players have not
yet seen the prospect of that place.
All this is said to be in the name of the law; all
this is said to be "for the Union." This is as
truthful as were those words of Othello's ancient,
when he urging, but Othello resisting and ques-
tioning, said:
" If thou dost slander her, and torture me,
Never pray moie."
The wily lying type of lies replied—invokiug
Heaven—
" O monstrous world ! Take note, take note, O world,
To be direct and honest, is not safe."
Whereby he did for the moment convince and
deceive his chief; hut retribution soon came upon
the heels of falsehood.
Mr. President, these things are not done in the
interest of liberty and law.
This policy may seem wise on the part of the
Government to some; but I might ask whether
those to whom it seemeth wise are of the wise of
counsel or of conduct. I do not doubt but that
they regard themselves as both wise in counsel
and fit to lead in action, it may bo that they have
thought justly. I think, however, that they will
find the country differing with themselves. Per-
mit me further to say that I have learned from
all past wisdom, if I have been able to learn, that
the wise are prudent, but that " fools will rush in
where angels fear to tread." I characterize this
conduct as pertaining to no one beyond and out-
side of him of whom I now undertake to speak—
the man who now exercises the war power of this
Government as the Secretary of the President.
Sir, I have undertaken to define General Stone;
to state who he is; to state his ancestry—men who
during three centuries have made blood-offer-
ings lor freedom, offered most among the rocks
and pines and on the banks of the streams of the
State of Massachusetts. I have spoken of him
as one who has shed luster on our fame in arms.
I have spoken of him as one known and approved
as gentleman, as citizen, and as soldier, without
fear, and above reproach. I have stated the facts
of this most unprecedented, unlawful,'and, if I
might say it in these times of any calamity af-
fecting one man only, this terrible outrage upon
every form and name of right. I have endeavored
to state the case for General Stone, for his people,
for his fiiends; but higher and above all, I have
undertaken to state his case in my own name and
peison as a citizen, and in my own place and of- '
lice as a Senator. It is in this last position as
citizen of the Republic and Senator in tins Hall,
that I demand that this gieat wrong shall be
righutd.
1 have been denied enhance to the place where
sits he who is chief in authority. I have sought
the facilities afforded by the Government through
postal communications—and there has been only
silence. I now come into a place where, by the
authority of my State, 1 have rights, rights as to
the administering of the affairs of this Govern-
ment, and the right to inquire into all violations
of law on the patt of any person who acts or who
represents himself to act for and on behalf of the
Government. Here in my place of office I say
that a citizen and a soldier has been wronged and
outraged by a Government official; and as he will
not render his account to me, I demand that he
shall be requited to deliver it to the Senate. That
1 have the right to make this demand, and that i
it is the duty of the Senate to assert this right, I ,
have no doubt. \
Is it said that I have not this right as a Senator? !
I do know that 1 have it as a citizen, and I have !
not yet learned that I am less than a citizen for that j
1 am a Senator. The right may be denied to me |
as a citizen. It has been denied to me both as !
( as citizen and Senator. !
j Mr. President, permit me to say that when \
I nmthcr citizen, Senator, nor the Senate can inter- ,
: i ogate, and be replied to as to the exercise of these
, innommable powers, then it were well that we ■
1 should conclude like the desperate king: "there
is no i^oing hence nor tairying here." If this be
so, why then it were well that what we call gi unite I
foundations should crumble; that the great stones j
wl' have dreamed would stand in place forever |
should be splintered into fragments; that the edi- ;
fice of our hopes should be crushed into ruins, so :
that upon and out of the ruins, if not out of the
ashes, we—no, not we, but other and wiser men
who shall have learned wisdom from our folly—
may rear a new and more perfect structure, which
shall stand the assaults of all the banded anarchs
who muster their legions from southern, northern,
eastern, or western shores.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] is entitled to the
floor on the special order.
Mr. WADE. I take it the Senator from Ken-
tucky has waived the right to the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order of the day was postponed specially until
the conclusion of the remarks of the Senator from
California. Those remarks beins; concluded, the
order of the day recurs, upon which the Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WADE. Then I move that the order of
the day be postponed for a very few minutes.
Mr. POWELL. How long does the Senator
desire it postponed?
Mr. WADE. I cannot tell exactly, but for a
verv brief time indeed.
3VIr. McDOUGALL. Probably Senators have
noticed that I was somewhat ill during the time
of my remarks, and it may be necessary for me
to withdraw myself from the Senate. I would
prefer very much, therefore, if the Senator would
extend thatcourtesy, if he would make his remarks
to-morrow, for I may be compelled to leave the
Senate, and 1 wish to hear the Senator.
Mr. WADE. Remarks have fallen from that
gentleman about the committee of which I am
chairman, and I do not like to have his speech go
out without an answer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the special order for
the time being.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, it was not my
purpose to have said one word on this occasion.
It is very rarely that any question can come for-
ward here that will provoke any reply from me.
I have listened to the two hours' string of plati-
tudes which the gentleman has uttered here, to
which I have not one single word of reply. They
are precisely such as every lawyer makes when
his client is on trial on an indietmentin a had
case. He always appeals to those great guaran-
tees of liberty that are so well provided for in the
English law. Every lawyer of very little practice
seems to understand how and when to invoke
them. To that part of the speech I have not one
word to say. I agree with him entirely; I would
be the last man to raise my hand to break down
one single scintilla of those great barriers of right
and liberty to which he has scylong alluded, and
which are household words to us all. He need
not have read his books, he need not have quoted
his authorities in an American Senate on those
points, because every man stands ready to sub-
scribe an amen to all the doctrines to which he
has alluded.
But, sir, he stepped a little beyond that course
of remark, and violently assailed the committee of
which I happen to be the chairman.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask one tiling?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Ohio yield the floor?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall probably leave
the Senate, but 1 wish to ask the Senator a ques-
tion. 1 do not know that I have a right to inquire
whether this arrest was made at the instance of
the committee on the conduct of the war or not.
It has been stated so and rumored so. I under-
stand the responsibility is shifted from shoulder
to shoulder. I did not mean to say they had done
so, or to assail them. I know it was necessanly
done, according to my information, by a person
acting by the authority of the Secretary of War;
but I should like to be informed if it was not at
the instance of the committee on the conduct of
the war, for I should like to be able to think so
well of every member of the Senate as to relieve
myself of the suspicion that is on my mind. I did
not charge it on the committee. I do not know
of my own knowledge that they have ever done
an unworthy or improper thing.
Mr. WADE. You ought to know.
Mr. McDOUGALL. bo not understand me
