146
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 22,
Ooffe.... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Menzies.
Ho. 01? Reps.
raodina traitors ; read it to them while in their anguish and
you will change their tears of mourning into t«ars ot joy
You will bring them an assurance that their Government
is still mindful of tliem, is still their protector and avenger."
Sir, I must say it is tlie most extraordinary
comfort and consolation I ever heard tendered to
it sorrowing people. If all these reflections were
not so very sad, I could almost laugh at the idea
of the Senator from Michigan, or anybody else,
taking this act of confiscation in his hand, and
going to the bereaved people of whom he speaks
here, and saying to the widow in Michigan: " Dry
your eyes. True, your husband lias fallen in de-
fense of the Government, but the GiovoI'HiXiGlihas
made innumerable multitudes of widow# in the
disloyal States. Widows, by the direct and in-
evitable consequences of the war, have been made
there as well as here; buttheGovernmentlms made
them poor.turned them out upon the world home-
less, houseless, owning not even the clothes they
wear; be comforted; tell your children to bejolly;
there is more suffering in these other portions of
the Union than you ever dreamed or heard of; do
not weep; rejoice !" Sir, do you think there is a
tearful woman, or a tearful child, who would be
comforted by such a gospel as that ? I do not see
the consolation it affords. There is none in it.
The Government owes it to itself, owes it to its
people, owes the example to the world, to punish
the leaders in this rebellion—that is till there is of
it. It (Iocs not make our sufferings less; it does
not diminish oursacrifices; itfurmshes us no con-
solation. Does it furnish any indemnity, as is
urged here by oilier Senators? I am at a loss to
understand, sir, how, if you make a few hundred
thousands of paupers and leave them afloat in our
community, you are going to make the institutions
of the country any more stable, or secure the
country against future insurrections, by such a
Step as that.
Mr. President, I am inclined to think if there
was not felt here, as elsewhere,very generally, a
necessity for doing something to diminish the
power of slavery, or rather the power of those
who hold slaves m the United States, such a meas-
ure as this never would have been thought of.
The Senator fvom Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
admits that that is a lending purpose of his. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] denies that he
cares much about it in that regard. The Senator
from Ohio, I thought, gave to us some remarka-
bly good doctrine upon that point. He told us
that slavery was doomed, that it must find an end,
and that very speedily. Whether this act was
passed or not, he said, the doom of slavery was
written, lie told us that every steam engine,
erery locomotive, every telegraph line was a
speech, an argument against slavery more potent
than wasever made by Wendell Phillips orLloyd
Garrison. I think he is entirely right. They are
decidedly the most eloquent lecturers on behalf of
free institutions and against slave institutions.
My impression is, they are decidedly the most
■popular lecturers, also, upon those subjects, and
I wish we could iiave, all of us, more confidence
in the enterprise anil resolution of the Almighty
in this regard than we seem to have. The Sena-
tor from Ohio told us that He was,undoubtedly,
a gradual emancipationist. 1 agree with him en-
tirely; I think lie is a gradual"emancipationist.
It is very evident He is not an immediate eman-
cipationist. If Ho is, He has joined that parly
lately. He was not an immediate emancipationist
in 1844, when we secured Texas for the purpose
of increasing the power of slavery. He was not
in 1850, when wc organized territorial govern-
ments for a large number of Territories, and re-
fused to prohibit slavery from entering them. I
think He was not in 1854, when we repealed the
Missouri compromise. Certainly, He has not
been an immediate emancipationist until this time;
but that He is an emancipationist I have no more
doubt than the Senator from Ohio. The Senator
from Ohio told us of one sound truth which he
proclaimed to a late Senator from a southern State,
now leading the forces of this rebellion. It was
that he was doing more for the cause of emanci-
pation than all the lecturers we hadengaged upon
that subject in the northern States. So he was;
and t think this reflection ought to be attended to.
- I thi k we, by an injudicious, impolitic, and un-
wise effort to serve the cause of emancipation,
may do more to prevent it, to postpone it, than
the present president of the so-called confederate
States can possibly do. „
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] the
other day did me the justice to say that he was
in hopes I would go for some sort of a confiscation
bill. He did me no more than justice. I will; I
think we ought to pass some such measure. 1
will go for any measure, I will support any bill
which proposes to punish treason after the traitor
is convicted; and that conviction should precede
punishment, it seems to me, is a proposition that
ou"ht not to be controverted. I will go for a
measure that defies the title or th? claim of every
man who-laya claiffeto a slave., at-the same time
that it defeats lfevclafo to rnfatffl all other kinds
of property,which he claims to be prop-
erty. I will tpkwe, and I think we ought to do
more: I will gotJWariy measure which any man
will stand up luire and show me is going to
strengthen the Government in the prosecution of
the war, or weaken the rebellion.
My friend, the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mon-
hill,] insisted upon it that this bill had that op-
eration and that purpose; that its purpose was to
enable us to carry on the war and suppress the-
insurrection; that the gist of it was in the fourth
section of the bill. I think he—perhaps I ought
not to say- that he misunderstands the bill—but 1
must say that he understands it very differently
fiom what I do. I do not think the fourth sec-
tion of the bill is the operative one. I do not
think it contains the gist of the measure; I think
the gist of the measure is to be found in the first
section. The first section declares that the prop-
erty of every person named in these classes, when-
ever the act of forfeiture is committed, shall be the
property of the United States. The fourth section
says simply:
That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States, as often as in his opinion the military necessities
ot'the Army, or the safety, interest, and welfare of the Uni-
ted States in regard to the suppression of the rebellion,
shall icquite, to older the seizuie and appropiiation, by
such otlieers, military or civil, as lie may designate fui the
purpose, of any and all piopcrty confiscated and forfeited
uiuier and by viitue of this act.
The first scction forfeits all the property be-
longing to the persons named in it. The fourth
section simply tells the President to take posses-
sion of that property as fast as he needs it for the
purposes of suppressing rebellion. Now, I wish
the Senator would explain to us, if that property,
the moment, tlie act of treason is committed, be-
conifs the property of the United States, why the
President should not take possession of it, why
your law should not provide that the whole of it
should l)o taken possession of at once? Why
leave him to allow any portion of this property,
the whole of which belongs to the United States,
m the possession of the rebels, or to be taken pos-
session of by persons who do not own it? It all
belongs to the United States. Why not take care
of it all? Take possession of all that is your own.
if you propose to confiscate only so much prop-
erty as is needed for the purposes of suppressing
the insurrection, that is another thing; but when
you undertake to confiscate all the property of a
certain class of persons, whether it tends to sup-
press the insurrection or not, I do not see why
you should not direct the executive power of the
nation to take possession of it all. After you de-
prive me of my property, I do not see the slight-
est objection to your taking possession of it. It
is not mine; it does me no good; it leaves me in
possession of the means by which I may deceive,
defraud, and betray somebody. That is all the
good it does.
1 will go for any measure that you will show
me is calculated to suppress this insurrection. I
will go for any measure which will defeat the
title, and will give freedom to every slave, black
or white, who shall escape from the custody of his
master—shall escape from the insurrectionary dis-
tricts and come into the loyal districts. In their
hands, I believe, and I think every one will ad-
mit, these persons do give strength to the' Rebel-
lion. It is for the interest, I had almost said for
the highest interest, of the Government that that
strength should be taken away from them. We
cannot take it away until we get there. When
we get there, into any particular district, the in-
surrection is suppressed for that district. If they
come out of those districts, and come to us, I do
think it is the duty of the Government to provide
that freedom should be their portion forever, and
that no man should be permitted to take them
back. , , , , . ,
A law which will do this, and do this without
violating any constitutional right, is a very sim-
ple thing. They become in the hands of the re-
bellion o-uilty things, as it were, as much as a ship
that carries contraband goods, and may be con-
demned as readily and as properly, and so much
strength can be taken away from the rebellion. I
myself feel, as I suppose the larger portion of the
Senate has felt, that it is a flagrant wrong, as well
as aburning shame, that these elements of strength
should be taken from the lines of our armies time
after time, day after day, and taken back to the
service of the rebellion. That ought to be stopped.
If the President does not do it of his own motion,
or has not the power to do it, as I believe he has,
we ought to confer that authority upon him at
once. I will say further, -hat I believe, with all
the light which the previousdiscussionhas thrown
upon this subject, if it could be recommitted to a
committee of the Senate, a bill might be drafted
and presented here in twenty-four hours which
should give freedom to every slave who would
escape frorft the custody of his master and come
into the loyal portions of the United States; which
should confiscate property, or condemn or forfeit
property, to any extent that almost any Senator
here would desire to have it forfeited, and should
confer upon the Executive all the authority it is
possible for us to confer upon him, and a meas-
ure which would receive the sanction of every
Senator here, I believe, with the exception of per-
haps three or four, and which might be enacted
into a law in a week. That can be done; I have
no doubt about it. I shall not move for the re-
committal; but I would be glad to have such a
motion made.
Mr. President, I have had to prepare these re-
marks very hurriedly. Whether I have said pre-
cisely what I intended to say, it is impossible for
me now to determine. I am not quarreling about
this measure because, in its terms, it is more vin-
dictive or more sweeping than another measure.
We have now upon the statutc-boolc a law which
denounces death to every man who commits trea-
son. This only denounces forfeitures upon a por-
tion of those who committreason. Now, I cannot
say, no man can say, but what the former act, if
executed, would be more sweeping and more cruel
than this. The difficulty is this: that this actex-
eentes itself; the other remains to be executed by
the Government. The othergives opportunity for
pardon, gives opportunity to repentance. This
gives no opportunity for either. The moment the
act is done the punishment is inevitable. It may
do the Government good; -it may not do it any
good. If it gets possession of the propei ty which
this bill forfeits, then it will have so much. If it
never does get possession of it, the Government
is not benefited by the act. Whatever law we
propose, therefore, for the punishment of these
crimes, heinous as they are, should I think, be
so framed as that its penalties can only be visited
upon its victims, as the penalties of other laws
arc, when their guilt has been ascertained and
judicially determined.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. MENZIES,
OF KENTUCKY^
In the House of Representatives,
May 22, 186*2.
Tlie House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate tiie pioperty and free the slaves of lebcls—
Mr. MENZIES said:
Mr. Speaker: I have listened with attention to
the speeches which have been made on the sub-
ject before the House. I think it probable that
everything of value has been said on either side,
as to the constitutionality and expediency of the
measures proposed, by those who have preceded
me. I listened to-day with pleasure, notunmin-
gled with pain, to the able speech of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Rollins,] I
