THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
leader dfthe band, be, and the same is hereby, repealed;
such bands shall be mustered out ©f the servce within
thirty days alter the passage of this act.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each brigade in
the volunteer scrvice shall have sixteen musicians as a
hand, to be selected from the regimental bands mustered
out of service by this act, who shall leceive the pay and al-
lowances now provided by law for regimental bands, ex-
cept the leader of the band, who shall receive loi ty-five
dollars per month only.
Sec. o. Jind be it further enacted, That, in lieu of the
present rate of mileage allowed to officers of the Army
when traveling on public duty, where transportation in kind
is not furnished to them by the Government, not more than
six cents per mile shall hereafter be allowed, unless whore
an officer is ordered from a station east of the Rocky mount-
ains to one west of the same mountains, or vice versa, when
ten cents per mile shall be allowed to him; and no officer of
the Army or Navy of the United States shall be paid mileage,
except tor travel actually performed at his own expense,
and in obedtcncc to orders.
Sec. J). Jind be it further enacted, That, during the con-
tinuance-^ ihe present rebellion, there shall be deducted
from the compensation of all persons employed in the mil-
itary, naval, and civil service of the United States, except
warrant officers and sailors in the Navy, and non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates in the Aimy, ten
per cent, of the amount of their compensation.
Sec. 10. %Snd be it further enacted, That in each of the
permanent hospitals where the President may deem it ne-
cessary, he may appoint a chaplain, who shall receive the
same compensation as is nojv allowed to post chaplains in
the regular service.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That so much of sec-
tion nine of chapter nine, approved July 22, 1861, and of
section seven of chapter forty-two, approved August 3,
1.961, as defines the qualifications of chaplains in the Army
and volunteers, shall hereafter be construed to read as fol-
lows : That no person shall be appointed a chaplain In the
United States Army who is not a regularly ordained minister
of some religious denomination, and who does not present
testimonials of his present good standing as such minister,
with'a recommendation for his appointment as an Auny
chaplain from some authorized ecclesiastical body, or not
less than five accredited ministers belonging to bald religious
denomination.
Sec. 19- .find be it further enactcd, That so much of the
fifth section of the act appioved Juiv 20, iaGI, as allows
forty cents per day for the use and risk of the horses of
company otficeis of cavalry, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That whenever an offi-
cer shall be put under arrest,except at remote military post1*
or stations, it shall bo the duty of the officer by whose or-
ders he is arrested to see thataeopy of the charges on which
he has been arrested and is to be tried shall be served upon
him within eight days thereaiter,and that he shall bv biouajlit
t£ trial within ten days thereafter, unless the necessities of
the service prevent such trial; and then he shall be btouglu
to trial within thirty days after the expiration of the said
ton daya: Provided} That if the copy of the ehaiges he not
served upon the arrested oificer as herein provided, the ar-
rest shall ccaso: Jind provided further, That the provisions
of this section shall apply to all persons now under arrest
and awaiting trial.
Sec. 14. Jind be it further enacted, That whenever the
name of any Army ofiiccr now in the scrviee, or who may
hereafter he in the service of the United Status, shall have
been borne on the Army Register foity-five years, or shall
he of the age of sixty-two years, he shall be retired from
active service, and his name entered on the. retired list of
officers of the gi ade to which he belonged at the time of such
retirement.
Bee. !■>. Jtml be it fuithcr cnacted, That the President of
the United States he, and he is hnebv, authoiized to iHtign
any officer who may be retired uiulerthe pi ecedimj section
Of this act, or the act of August 3, 1801, to any duty; and
such officer thus assigned shall receive the full pay and
emoluments of his grade while so employed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to this amendment reported from the
Committee on Millitary Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. In section nine, line six,
after the words 44 privates in the Army," I move
to insert the words "and marine corps." The
amendment was udoptcd in committee, but it 1ms
been omitted in the printed copy of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute, hav-
ing been adopted, the hi II is not now open to amend-
ment; but by the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate the Chair will entertain that motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I was not
paying attention at the time; I did notundeistand
the proposition.
Mr. NESMITH. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will recollect that in
the committee this proviso included members of
the marine corps. That is left out in section nine,
line six.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think that
is necessary to perfect the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Another amendment will be
necessary: in the fourteenth section, fourth line,
after the words " Army Register," to insert " or
on the Naval Register as an officer of the marine
corps of the United States," so as to include in
the retired list all marine officers who have been
in service forty-five years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
has been adopted by the Senate; but by the unani-
mous consent of the body it will be regarded as
not having been adopted, and as open to amend-
ment. The Chair hears no objection, and the
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to read
the ninth section of the bill.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That during the con-
tinuance of the present rebellion, there shall be deducted
from the compensation of all persons employed in the mil-
itary, naval, and civil scrvice of the United States, except
warrant officers and sailois in the Navy, and non-commis-
sioned officers, musician*, and privates in the Army and
the marine corps, ten per cent, of the amount of their com-
pensation.
Mr. SHERMAN. This section presents the
very question I desire to bring before the Senate.
If this is all the reduction that Congress will pass,
I am perfectly willing toacquicsce m it; but in my
judgment this bill does not embrace by far all that
ought to be deducted at this time. If this section
be adopted, it will reduce the salaries of all civil,
military, and naval officers of the United States
ten per cent., but it will preserve all the inequal-
ities of the present laws of compensation. Those
laws have been passed in probably two or three
hundred different bills from the foundation of the
'Government, and grafted as amendments to ap-
propriation bills. They are often incongruous
and uncertain. In some cases offices have been
established by resolutions of the House of Rep-
resenfativesand of the Senate. In this way a sys-
tem of compensation has grown up m the history
of our Government that is grossly unequal.
Another thing: the present system of mileage,
which this bill will continue forever, or at least
during the rebellion, and after that, is grossly un-
equal. A member of Congress is nowallowed forty
cents a mile for the distance from his place of res-
idence to this city. It is usually computed on
the most circuitous route that can possibly be im-
agined. This rate, I belie vo, was fixed m 1789, when
a member of Congres^from the State of Maine,
for example, mounted his horse, and rode twenty
miles a day, and was allowed eight dollars for
riding twenty miles on horseback. Since thattime
the whole mode of transportation and of travel has
changed; and yetwe preserve this unjust and un-
equal rate of mileage; and if this bill be passed,
we shall continue to preserve it. That will be the
effect of it, for this bill merely cuts it down ten
per cent.
I know very well, Mr. President, that if this
hill passes, it is the end of all attempts to correct
these inequalities, or to change the mode of com-
pensation. In the Army and in the Navy there
are many inequalities. A staff officer who per-
forms his duty in this city draws pay for quarters
and fuel, and various perquisites of that kind, so
that his pay is greater and larger than that of an
officer of the lino in the actual face of the enemy.
All these things are continued, and a ten per cent.
ad valorem reduction is made on all officers, with-
out regard to their duties, and without regard to
their rate of compensation. It seems to me that
this principle is unjust. We have ample time and
leisure to take up the various appropriation bills,
and consider all these various modes of compen-
sation, and correct them now; and if we do not
do it now, under the pressure of this rebellion, we
never shall do it. I say, Mr. President, it is easy
for us, if we would transact our duty, to take up
the appropriation bills one by one, and correct
every inequality. It so happens that, under our
system of Government, our annual appropriation
bills cover every dollar that is paid out during the
course of the year for any services rendered to
the Government, so that, by taking up these mat-
ters item by item, we can correct these inequali-
ties, while the plan proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts will only continue them. I desire
in this connection also to submit some general
remarks as to the necessity of it.
i know that to attempt to change the salaries of
members of Congress, of the employes about us,
and of the Army and the Navy, is the mostunpleas-
ant and invidious task that could be imposed on
&ny one. Asa matter of course, tvhen we change
their compensation, we interfere with the daily
life, the daily comforts, the social habits, the plans
for education of the officers of our Government.
I know very well, as I have occupied the position
of a member of a committee on compensation
and expenditures, the unpleasant comments that
are made on any attempts to reduce salaries; but
it seems to me that the exigencies of the country
demand it, and I will not for one be negligent of
that duty. We are told by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report, that the expendi-
tures of the Government for this year will amount
to §583,000,000. We are also told that for the
next fiscal year the expenditures will not be less
than §550,000,000. We know that these estimates
will not be decreased; that every bill broughtinto
Congress, and especially from the Military Com-
mittee, with this solitary exception, tends to raise
the amount to be paid; and we know that the
pressure on the Finance Committee and the Mil-
itary Committee is constantly to add to the appro-
priations. M>
Now, when you look at the large amount paid
by the people of this country for State taxes;
when you remember that nearly all the internal
economy and internal government of this country
is carried on by the States and by county and city
corporations, and but very little by the General
Government; and when you come to add the vast
amounts paid for State, local, and city taxation
to this vast aggregate, it is manifest that the peo-
ple of this country will be called upon "to bear an
expenditure of not less than §700,000,000. Nor can
we avoid it. This is more than four times, yes,
about five times the aggregate currency of the coun-
try; it is more than three times all the coin of the
country; itismore than the Government of Great
Britain bore m her struggle with Napoleon; it is
nearly double the entire aggregate expenses of the
British Government at this moment. It is more
than any country in ancient or in modern times
has endeavored to carry——
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The morning hour having expired,
it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. BRIGHT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Wilkin-
son on the 16th of December last, and which had
been reported adversely from the Committee on
the Judiciary:
Whereas Hon. JesseD. Bright heretofore, on the 1st
day of March, 1861, wrote a letter, of which tiie following
is a copy:
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Dear Sir: Allow ine to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what he regards a great
improvement!!! fire-arms. I recommend him to your favor-
able consideration as a gentleman of the first ie&pectability,
and reliable in every respect.
Very tiuly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the ConJ cderation of States,
And whereas wo believe the said letter is evidence of
disloyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give aid
and comfort to the public enemies : Thetefore,
lie it resolved, That the &aid Jesse D. Bright is expelled
from his seat m the Senate of the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, protracted
as this debate has been, I am unwilling that the
question should be taken till I have pronounced
upon which of the two entirely distinct lines of
argument m favor of the resolution I rest my
vote. I do not expect, I do not desire, upon a
question of this kind, to influence the vote of a
single Senator; nor should I declare the reason of
my own, but I feel it due to myself that I should
disclaim the ground upon which the resolution
has been m part based in the course of the dis-
cussion.
I have arrived at the conclusion that it is my
duty to vote for the resolution. I do it with a
deep feeling of personal regret; but such feeling
cannot be permitted to enter into the considerations
that influence our judgment in matters of great
public concern. 1 shall vote for the resolution
simply upon the record which it recites; simply
because,in my opinion, a Senator who could write
such a letter to such a maa, for such a purpose,
cannot with safety to the public interest participate
in our counsels. At this time, when the nation is
staggering beneath the blow ofrebcllion, those who
sit here must not be reasonably suspected. We
punish with the severest penalties the humble
citizen who gives aid and comfort to the enemy;
