1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
as doing anything more than trying to make a
form of inquiry by which I might be advised, in
some form, why this groat wrong has been done.
Mr. WADE. I did not yield the floor to be cate-
chised, but for an explanation, if the gentleman
had any to make. It turns out that instead of an
explanation and apology for what he has said, I
am to be catechised further on the subject. Now,
the Senator says he does not know what he has
been talking about. I did not suppose he did. He
says he made the remark as a kind of fishing ar-
gument to see if he could notdrawout something
from somebody that would give him some light
on this subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is my very object.
1 have sought light on the subject with great labor
and industry.
Mr. WADE. The Senator in the course of his
remarks alluded to the committee of which I am
chairman. 1 cannot repeat exactly the words, but
it was to the effect that we had been made use of,
or that we practiced stabbing men in the dark;
that we profess to have some kind of testimony
against men and then throw it out to their preju-
dice and the prejudice of their characters. I de-
mand of that Senator now specifically to tell me
what he meant by it. Where has it been done and
by whom?
Mr. McDOUGALL. If I were aware that the
committee on the conduct of the war had been re-
sponsible for this act, I should have spoken of that
committee as I spoke of the person now at the
head of the War Department. I know by inform-
ation that witnesses have testified before your
committee, because a gentleman told me he was
going before the committee in relation to this very
matter.
Mr. WADE. I want to know specifically—
Mr. McDOUGALL. Do you want to know
the man ?
Mr. WADE. I want to know personally and
specifically fiom that Senator when and where it
was that that committee threw out dark insinu-
ations to wound the character ofany man ? When,
where, and how have they done it?
Mr. McDOUGALL. i did not state that the
committee on the conduct of the war had done any
such thing, and you will find I am not so reported.
Mr. WADE. Then I entirely misunderstood
the Senator, for I understood a charge of that kind
to have been made. I am glad to hear that the gen-
tleman says now that he has made no such charge,
for I know that no such charge can be sustained.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am glad to hear that
also.
Mr. WADE. Why glad to hear it, sir? You
never heaid the contrary; never, never. While
you throw out dark insinuations against the com-
mittee, I ask of you to be specific, or to exculpate
them fiom the charge you have made. State
wherein they have stabbed any man iii the dark.
I can tell the Senator the couise of thatcommittco
towards General Stone—not that I mean to be
provoked under any considerations into a discus-
sion of the merits or dements of that gentleman
here. This is not the tribunal befoie whom he
can be arraigned and tried. However, as many
allusions have been thrown out in the Senate
against the committee of which I, without any
seeking of my own, was made the chairman, (for
I had nothing to do with the raising of the com-
mittee,) I perhaps owe it to the committee and to
myself to state the course of proceeding we have
adopted. We have assailed no man. We have
gone forth m the spirit of the resolution that cre-
ated us a committee to inquiie into the manner in
which lliwar has been conducted; to ascertain
by the best evidence and the best lights we could
whcivin there was anything in which we could
aid the Administration in the prosecution of this
war, and wherever there was a delinquency that
we might ferret it out, apprise the Administration
of it, and demand a remedy. I suppose it was for
that purpose that the committee was created with
the imraensu poweis that weie devolved upon it.
I do not say whether it was wise or unwise to
create such a committee. The Senator from New
York [Air. Harris] yesterday said he thought it
exceedingly unwise, because the committee, as
he supposed, were conducting the war; that is,
placing the armies in the field, and dictating the
policy of the war. We did notconstrue ourpowers
m that way. Wc knew that in the vast business
that pertained to the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment it was impossible for them to look into
eveiything connected with the conduct of the war
which they would like to know and which it was
most essential to the country that they should
know. Therefore, having leisure to inquire into
many alleged abuses that they had no power or
no time to investigate, we took it upon ourselves
to endeavor to investigate them, and I say here,
with a discretion and with a solicitude to injure
no man that has never been exceeded in any in-
vestigation of any committee on God's earth.
Sir, we have not published what we have ascer-
tained to any mortal man cxcept it was to him
who was armed with the power of administering
the remedy. No idle curiosity has prompted any
member of thatcommittco to proclaim to the world
as idle gossip the testimony that was before it.
I challenge the Senate, and every man of it, to tell
mc which member of the committee or where have
wc made known to the public what was going on
before us. I admit that as we ascertained facts,
the existence of malpractices, short-comings,and
things inconsistent with the proper and beneficial
conduct of the war, we have sought interviews
with the President of the United States, we have
sought them with the Secretary of War, and on
some occasions with the whole Cabinet, and there
in secret have disclosed the testimony that has
come to us, and we have endeavored to work out
a redress, and in innumerable instances I know
we have done it, where, had it not been for that
so-much maligned committee, the Administration
would have been entirely ignorant of what was
going on. Patriotic as they are, vigilant as they
arc, anxious as they are to ascertain the truth on
all subjects,they are not invested with omniscience,
and with six hundred thousand men in the field
and innumerable officers, it may sometimes hap-
pen that there may be an unworthy one in that
number without their being aware of it. We have
endeavored on all occasions to enlighten them,
but not to stab any man m the dark, as I under-
stood the gentleman to insinuate, but which he
hacks out of now, and says he did not intend any
such thing or did not say any such thing.
Now, with icgard to General Stone, we are not
the tribunal that ought to try him. I do not be-
lieve we should be put in possession of that kind
of testimony that tends to implicate him. I do
not believe that it would be my duty either to the
public or to General Stone here in the Senate to
proclaim to the world all the testimony that came
before the committee on the conduct of the war.
But this much in exculpation of the Executive I
will say in general terms, in order to repel the
insinuations of the Senator from California: I will
say here in my place thatthcie was, and is, prob-
able cause for the arrest of General Stone. I am
not going to detail the evidence. I regret that it
becomes necessary that 1 should say anything in
public on the subject. 1 had rather trust it with
those whom the Constitution and the law charge
with the execution of this matter; but his indis-
creet friend will drag it out here, and I say then,
in behalf of that abused Executive, that there is
probable cause for his arrest.
The Senator catechised mc on a subject that I
did not choose to answer just then, because I
thought he was not authorized to ask the ques-
tions; but 1 havr; nothing on that subject to con-
ceal. I have nothing to conceal in the testimony
we have taken if I thought this was the proper
arena in which to make it known; but we arc not
tiie triers of the case, and after all the public ex-
citement, pro and con., that might be consequent
upon, a discussion of it here, we should be utterly
powerless to pronounce sentence either of guilt i
or acquittal. It would be, theiefore, idle, vain, 1
nugatory, and worse, to undertake to comment
upon that testimony here. 1 shall notdoit. The
Senator, however, inquired of me was he arrested
at the solicitation of the committee? I say, no.
1 do not know now who arrested him. 1 have
seen it stated that he was arrested on the motion
of General McClellan, I have heard it stated that
it was on the motion of the Secretary ofWar. I
do not know who arrested him, or at whose in-
stigation he was arrested; but 1 know this—that
the evidence that came before the committee, of
which I am chairman, (and the executive govern-
ment, the President and the Secretary ofWar,
and they alone were put in possession of that
testimony that we had and have) makes probable
cause against him; but I do not know that they .
arrested him upon that. They knew of the testi-
mony that we had. Nobody else knew anything
of it; nor did any insinuation injurious to General
Stone come from that committee. If there did, I
should like to have the Senator riser in < his place
and tell me what member of that committee "so
far departed from what was the settled purpose,
policy, and agreement of the committee, that when
evidence came out injurious to the character of a
man, it should not be promulgated except to those
whose duty it was to take it into consideration
and examine it and carry it through. It was not
from me, sir; it was not from any member of that
committee, for they are all honorable men, entirely
above stabbing men in the dark, grounded upon
testimony that might come before them. No such
thing exists. I defy that Senator or any other to
state wherein that committee have overstepped the
bounds even of the most rigid discretion upon this
or any other subject. When that committee—a
joint committee of both Houses—was raised, it
was invested with the whole power of Congress
to look into everything pertaining to the war. I
say that we have used that power with modera-
tion,with great forbearance,and with adiscretion
that cannot be impeached here or elsewhere. I
know that in the course of our labors we have
been^ible tothrowgreatlightbeforetheexecutive
government upon many evils that exist, and many
have been remedied in consequence of it; but no
man outside has'been injured by anything that
has been done.
That is nearly all I wish to say on the subject.
I have sat here time and again and heard insinu-
ations thrown out against the committee on the
conduct of the war, because we did not forthwith
and immediately publish to the Senate, to Con-
gress, and to the world all that we had discovered
upon that committee. Sir, wc should have done
infinite mischief if we had. No man on the com-
mittee doubts it. I suppose it was not the pur-
pose of Congress that wc should investigate the
motives that actuated men, the conduct of your
armies and all that pertains to them,and publish
them, so that they mightget immediately into the
possession of the enemy, furnishing them with
important knowledge. 1 did not suppose it was
expected that all the testimony on these most del-
icate subjects that come before us should be im-
mediately revealed by an ostentatious report.
Your committee were made of different materials
from that. We did not so construe your mean-
ing. We do not believe it now. We believe we
have done much to aid, enlighten, and assist the
executive government, while we know we have
done no injury to any man's standing outside.
One word, sir, as to what the Senator said about
Genetal Stone. I have nothing against General
Stone. He is an utter stranger to me. I would not
harm a hair of his head. Theic is not a member
of that committee to whom he is not almost,if not
entirely, a stranger. What purpose on God's
earth could animate us and impel us to do him an
injury? Can any one inform us? Men do not
ordinarilyact without some motive. Why charge
that the committee taking testimony that tended
to impeach an utter stranger intended to press it
beyond its most legitimate bearings?
Wc are tyrannical—the nation is tyrannical,
says the gentleman; and he quotes authoiities from
nations at war with each other where there is no
suspicion of treason; where all is loyalty on both
sides; where nations have national feelings suffi-
cient to repress every thing favoring the adversary,
and to bring forward everything favoring their
own nation. He cites these precedents to enlighten
us in the midst ofa civil revolution, where traitors
are in our midst, where you cannot walk the streets
without meeting men whose heaits are opposed
to the prosecution of this war. No, sir; you can-
not go through the Executive Departments but yoa
meet with violent enemies of the Government you
are endeavoring to maintain. He reads prece-
dents from English history to show the forbear-
ance of that nation in times of civil strife. I won-
der that the reading of that did not carry him back
to the time when England was involved in civil
war. If it had would he not be astonished at the
mildness and forbearance of the Government in
the course it has pursued towards these traitors
in our midst? Sir, if you look at the old records
during those troublesome times, you will find that
men on slighter evidence than would impeach the
gentleman were hungup by the neck until they
