646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
..... ,e: from duty; I will not say that they have
gone beyond the bounds of propriety. I can only
account for it, as I have said, by referring to the
peculiar spirit that reigns at the present moment,
and which, as I have perceived, and as all observ-
ing men have perceived, has for the last few days
surrounded this Chamber.
Sir, I would willingly, upon most legislative
questions, take the counsel of my colleagues in
the other branch of Congress, and would obey the
advice of my own Legislature. Upon questions
of political expediency, upon questions of na-
tional policy, I should be strongly inclined to feel
that I was wrong and they were right if an ex-
pression of opinion amounting to instructions
were to be made; but upon a question like this—
no legislative question, no question of expcdicncy
or policy, but a question of right and wrong, a
question of guilt or innocence, a question which
is to affect with everlasting disgrace a fellow Sen-
ator—I allow no man, no body of men, however
exalted, to intervene between me and my con-
science. Upon any judicial question, a question
that involves the rights of my fellow-man, 1 answer
alone to my conscience and my God.
Siv, this Senate is something more than a legis-
lative body. It shares with the President his ex-
ecutive powers. No treaty can be made; no im-
portant appointment to office can be made without
the assent and the concurrence of this body. To
that extent its powers are not legislative, out ex-
ecutive. So, sir, it possessesjudicial powers. It
is the body to whom the Constitution has assigned
the duty of trying cases of impeachment. I regard
this as a quasi case of impeachment. A Senator
cannot be impeached, as was well said by the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Browning] yesterday;
and why? Because the body in)poaches him itself;
and the Senator from Indiana, in my humble judg-
ment, is to be tried precisely as any other officer
of the Government would have been tried if arti-
cles of impeachment had been presented by the
other House. He is impeached. Ho is 011 trial
as an impeached officer of the Government. It is
t a judicial question. Whatever may be the views
of the Senator, whatever may be my own,views
in relation to political questions, or questions of
national policy, in relation to the legislative duty
of a Senator, so far as it relates to executive ques-
tions, and especially so far as relates to judicial
questions, the Legislature of my State have no
right to interfere or be heard.
Mr. President, this is all I design to say. I
have not had a desire to speak upon the merits of
the question. I regard that as a settled question,
and 1 will not further interpose to delay the eon-
summation of the purpose of the Senate. The
Senator from Indiana is to be expelled. He is to
go out from this body under this humiliation. If,
as some suppose, he be a traitor, he will ally him-
self with those who are endeavoring to destroy
our Government, and the vote that drives him out
from this Chamber will seem to he vindicated. If,
on the other hand, notwithstanding this indignity,
as he may feel it to be, notwithstanding the prov-
ocation that he may have 111 consequence of this
terrible censure, he shall still prove loyal to his
Government and faithful to the Constitution, the
instructive teachings of the past would lead us to
predict that some of us may again see him in this
Hall.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Now York has just announced that I have made
a dozen speeches. Well, sir, he has given me the
opportunity of making the thirteenth one. I will
give him a linker's dozen. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, some gentlemen who have ad-
dressed the Senate upon this subject, and among
them the honorable gentleman who has just Liken
his seat, seem to forget that there is a man charged
before the Senate and under trial, and they seem
disposed to divert this inquiry and this trial fiom
him to myself. Now, sir, the reason that 1 have
been upon my feet so often has been that gentle-
men have not fairly presented my arguments upon
the present question, and it was with a view to
correct their misapprehensions that I rose to my
feet so-often; but 1 tell the honorable Senator from
New York, that as to the number of speeches which
I make upon any occasion, or us to the manner
in which I speak, when I want his advice I will
ask for it.
The honorable Senator has ventured and vol-
unteered the position that I appear upon the pres-
ent occasion as the senior prosecuting counsel.
If that be true, or if there be any semblance of
truth m the positioit, it can be said with more
truth that he occupies the position of the senior
counsel for the defense. Sir, what is his position ?
That, unless this Senate, in their judgment and
their conscience, can come to the conclusion that
the Senator from Indiana has been guilty of trea-
son, they are bound to acquit him. I differ totally
from that position or principle, if principle it may
be; eind I am not going to restate the argument
or positions that brought frie to my conclusion of
difference from that proposition. But, sir, what
is the office of an advocate ? It is to make the
best of his case by a perversion of truth and of
principle, according to my understanding of it.
JNfow, when the Senate of the United States is
solemnly engaged in trying the question of the ex-
pulsion of one of its members, one of the ablest
Senators of the body, who stands probably with-
out an equal as a jurist in the body, gets up and
gravely argues the proposition that, unless the
Senate arc satisfied that the party charged has been
guilty of treason, they must acquit him. That
proposition, to my mind, is utterly fallacious,
false, and monstrous; and yet the Senator assumes
that position, and argues it for the exculpation and
acquittal of the Senator from Indiana.
Now, sir, that is not hired advocacy. I make
no such imputation as that. Itcould notbe. The
gentleman's purity of character, I doubt not, is
above all suspicion, in every sense of the word; but
his feelings arc enlisted in favor of the party here
under trial; and those feelings, in my judgment,
have induced him to take a position in defense of
his friend that is wholly untenable in the proceed-
ings of the Senate on a question of expulsion;
and lfconsideied and acted upon to the extent he
claims, they would be utterly mischievous, and
would result in the degradation and impurity of
the body. But the gentleman has argued that
fallacious proposition with greatapparentcandor,
but with extreme art; and not satisfied with that,
he indulges in the pathetic before he closes, and
makes moving appeals to the sympathies of the
Senate m favor of the Senator fiom Indiana. It
seenu d to mo that both his sympathy and pathos
and his sophistry were misplaced, if he is perform-
ing the office of a judge; and I think the gentle-
man is vuliu rable to the same charges that he has
made against me, at least.
Mr. President, I deemed it due to myself to get
up and make this explanation, though it was the
twelfth or the twenty-fourth. Whenever a cus-
tomer comes, he will find that I am ready for him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Indiana yes-
terday introduced to the notice of the Senate-two
resolutions, which had been passed, ho said, by
the Democratic party in his State, and which he
wished to be considered as expressing sentiments
with which he now agreed. Those resolutions
were taken from a number of others, which, he
said, as they were of some length, he did not ask
to have read. It seems to me, sir, that these res-
olutions ought not to be taken out of their connec-
tion, but should be taken in connection with the
others passed at the same time and by the same
body. 1 think it due to the Senator from Indiana,
and due to the Senate, that we should know what
other resolutions were passed at the time those
were passed which he procured to be read. With
that view T would ask that the following resolu-
tions, which were passed at that time, may be
read. They will occupy but a few moments, and
1 think it. is but justice that they should be read
in connection with those which have already been
read.
The PRKSIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
m the chair ) The lesohitions will be read by the
Secretary.
Mr. I'EARCE. I do not think those resolu-
tions ought to be read. I understand the Senator
from Indiana has selected from a number of resolu-
tions passed at a meeting in his State two which
embody his sentiments, and he desired that they
might be read, and might be evidence of Ins opin-
ions: but he did not say that the rest of the res-
olutions were evidence of his sentiments. And
why are they to be road, sir5 I do not know
what is in them. There may be something ob-
noxious to the disapprobation of this body. Is
j it to fix upon the Senator from Indiana any com-
i phcity with these other resolutions; or to en-
deavor to force against him the impression that
the obnoxious sentiments, if they be such, are his;
or that being the sentimentsof those persons who
convened that meeting, he should therefore be held
responsible for them, or be in any manner preju-
diced by them ? I think, if there is any such thing
in them, it would be very unfair to have them read.
They are no part of any proper proceedings in this
case, and I object to their being read, unless it is
the pleasure of the Senate to order it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not determine whether they are proper or not with-
out hearing them.
Mr. FOSTER. It is as far from my purpose
as it can be from the purpose of the Senator fiom
Maryland to fasten upon the Senator from Indi-
ana any principle or any resolution which he does
not accede to and accord with fully and perfectly.
I would go as far as the Senator from Maryland,
I trust, in rebuking any disposition to impose on
any Senator opinions or doctrines which he dis-
avowed. But I repeat what I said when I was
up before, that the Senator from Indiana, having
introduced two resolutions here which were passed
by a certain political party in his own State, it
seemed to me but justice that we should have the
other resolutions, passed at the same time and in
connection with those, read also that we may
see 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut will pardon the Chair, who de-
sires to have the 14th rule of the Senate read, to
which his attention has been called.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" When the rending of a papoi called for, and the same
i? ohjcttrcl to by .my mcmbei, it 6-bail be dctei mined by a
vote of the Soimfo and without debate ,5
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the duty
! of the Chair, therefore, under this rule, to submit
the question to the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I insist that that rule ap-
plies to some paper in the possession of the Sen-
ate; otherwise, everything under heaven could
come in here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a question
to be determined by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Chair is under
a misapprehension. The rule evidently applies to
papers 111 the possession of the Senate. We once
before, had this question up. It relates to papers
of which the Senate haspossession; notwhatany
member may think proper to bring here, which
are not in the custody of the Senate. I apprehend
that that rule has no application whatever to a case
like this.
Mr. FOSTER. I trust it will notbe considered
as within the rule, for it will be manifest, I think,
on a moment's consideration, that the rule was not
intended to apply to a question of this description;
clearly not.
Mr. PEARCE. I apprehend that this is the
very case to which the rule is intended to apply;
and I can see a thousand good reasons for its ap-
plying to such a case, which do not apply to the
case of a paper in the possession of the Senate.
With as much reason might a Senator ask to have
tins body detained all day while e\eiy speech made
by every ranting fellow at that meeting was read
to the Senate. He might just as well have read
to this body all the resolutions passed in all the
other Democratic meetings in the country, and all
the speeches made in all the meetings of the coun-
tiy: and according to gentlemen on the other side
we cannot arrest it, and any one member would
have the right to compel the Senate to listen to
all the trash spouted in all the popular meetings
throughout the country. If the rule was not in-
tended to meet pieciscly this case, the reason of
the rule meets it unquestionably. There can be
no purpose which could tend to the settlement of
any one's opinion on the particular case now be-
foic the Senate to be attained by the reading of the
other resolutions submitted to that meeting. They
are not applicable to this gentleman's case. They
do not affect it one way or the other. Whatever
opinions may be expressed in those other resolu-
tions, however obnoxious to censuic, oi however
much entitled to applause, they cannot affect Ins
case; they arc utterly irrelevant; and it was for
the purpose of excluding irrelevant stuff, I appie-
hend, that that rule was introduced: and it ought
to be enforced, sir.
Mr, JOHNSON. I rise to make a single in-
li quirv. The Senator from Connecticut, as I un-
