1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
were dead, and yet he lauds the mildness of the
British Government. 11 is a remarkable fact, and
I fear not entirely to our credit either, that while
we have been involved in this great rebellion, while
this generation are taxed, and future generations
will be taxed to the utmost of their capacity to
defend themselves, while this ungodly war was
waged against the best Government on God's
earth, and it has cost the most precious blood of
this nation to repel theinsurrection,afterone whole
year has passed by, there has not yet been made
a single example of treason, not one; no attempt
to take the life, nay, even the property, of the
hellish traitor that has caused the sacrifice of our
dearest and most precious blood.
Sir, the man who invokes the Constitution in
forbearance of the law to punish traitors is him-
self a sympathizer. There never was a man yet
who stood up in this Senate from the time when
Mr. Breckinridge preached daily in favor of con-
stitutional guarantees until now, and set up con-
stitutional barriers against punishment for treason,
but what is in his innermost heart ofhearts a traitor.
I do not want to hear any more of a man than that
he is invoking the forbearance of the Constitution
and the great barriers in favor of American liberty
to protect an infernal traitor in his course, to know
that he is a sympathizer. Our Administration is
assailed because not having the technical evi3ence
in their possession to bring a man to trial and
judgment of death, they do not let him go at large
to plot against the life of the Government.
Mr. President, I have said a great deal more
than I intended; but the theme is a very fruitful
one. A tyranny exists here, it is said. Sir, is it
not most manifest to everybody that from the time
when this treason broke out, when we had traitors
in this Senate proclaiming their treason on this
floor, when they conspired to take the life of your
President on his way to the capital, when they
beset your regiments coming here for no other
purpose than to defend your capital, until now,
every scintilla of information that your Executive
has is communicated to traitors on the other side
of the river as soon as it is to the people on this
side? The Administration have attempted to put
that down; they have not succeeded; and yet the
Senator stands there and says you should not
arrest a scoundrel when you know Ins heart is
with the enemy, but who meanly skulks from
overt acts in their favor; you should not imprison
liirn, you should not restrain him; but you must
let it all go,and permit the enemy to be perfectly
cognizant of every expedition and of every move
you make. 1 am sorry that tin; Senator does not
remain on tin's floor and meet the consequences of
his insinuations against the Administration and
against tin; committee.
Sir, it is perfectly manifest that if persons are
shut up in dungeons, and restrained of their lib-
erty, it is that the Constitution may live. I know
it is not in accordance with the principles of our
Constitution. In oidinary times it could not for
a moment be tolerated; but when, with all your
caution,and with all this pretended tyranny, you
have not been able, as yet, to conceal a knowledge
of the most important expeditions of your armies
and your intended movements from the enemy as
soon as your own people possess it, the man who
stands up for a rigid execution of the habeas cor-
pus and tile law, as m time of peace, is but a
sympathizer with them. While I am up, let me
say thai ill times of revolution and rebellion like
this, when whole States have come out and pro-
claimed their intention to destroy the life of our
glorious Government, when they have their mar-
tial hosts in the field, bent on the destruction of
our Government, I understand them to be entirely
absolved from the protecting tegis of the Consti-
tution. They have renounced it utterly. They
have struck at your life. They would take your
heart's blood. They proclaim themselves ready
to do it. ^ And yet, sir, you are to treat them with
lemty . Your Constitution prescribes that no man
shall be restrained of his life, or despoiled of his
goods, without due proccssof law. It guaranties
to every man the right of life, liberty, and prop-
erty; but are you not compelled to advance into
his country with your armies, to plant your can-
non, and destroy him by whole armies together ^
Is that constitutional? My secession friend, if
there is any such here, why do you not invoke
the Constitution in opposition to our cannon and
our musketry againstthese rebels? The Consti-
tution protects their rights. You do not invoke
it on the field of battle. You do not summon a
jury. You do not try him there by jury, as the
Constitution says you shall. Why do you not
carryyourdoctrinesto their legitimate end ? Why
stop short? Does the Senator from California
pretend that when our hosts march in battle array
and meet those of the enemy, and it is life against
life, we should summon a jury before we begin
to shoot, and see whether they had committed
actual rebellion ? Your Constitution says their
lives shall not be taken without due process of
law. I ask you, caviler about the Constitution,
where is the law for it?
Sir, no jurist yet has had the folly to attempt to
limit the powers that a man may use in defense of
his own life when assailed; and so no statesman
will attempt to limit the power that a nation may
use when the life of the nation is assailed. There
is no limit to it. You have a right to go forward in
an individual case in your might, and if your life
is sought, any force, any power, anything that
you may do honestly in defense of your own life,
the law pronounces a justifiable act. So,when the
life of the nation is assailed by vile traitors em-
bodied in military array for its destruction, they
are beyond all law, they have repudiated all law,
and the nation, m defense of its Constitution, its
Union, and its flag,may resort to any means that
God Almighty has put into their hands honestly
to maintain their constitutional rights. I know
very well that small lawyers may get up on these
great questions of statesmanship and pettifog as a
man would to screen a felon before a justice of
the peace, and place his arguments on those nar-
row principles of constitutional law. He may re-
quire all the presumptions of innocence that are
so often resorted to to shield a culprit from the
punishment of his crime. It is done here. But,
sir, the man whose life is assailed does not sum-
mon a jury, and the nation whose life is assailed
by traitors need not summon a jury. All you
want is the power, honestly exercised, to put it
down.
Let me say, in passing, that every word and
every syllable that the Senator invoked in favor
of General Stone might have been just as well and
with more propriety and more strength urged in
favor of Jeft'Davis to-day. He had played a very
important part in Mexico; he had held high offices
under your Constitution; and all the arguments
that the gentleman rcsoited to to shield General
Stone would be infinitely stronger in the case of
Jell* Davis to-day. Lucifer was once a bright
angel in heaven, but he fell, and he has not been
much honored m that quarter since. [Laughter.]
Sir, I am tired of hearing these arguments in
favor of traitors. The Constitution takes their
lives, their property, their all. Why shall we stop
short? Are they not in quest of ours? If there
is any stain on the present Administration, it is
that they have been weak enough to deal too len-
iently with these traitors. I know it sprung from
goodness of heart; it sprung from the best of mo-
tives; but, sir, as a method of putting down this
rebellion, mercy to traitors is cruelty to loyal men.
Look into the seceded States, and see thousands
of loyal men there coerced into their armies to run
the hazard of their lives, and placed in the damna-
ble position of perjured traitors by force of arms.
If there is a man there bold enough to maintain
his integrity in the face of these infernal powers,
do they scruple to take his life, his property, his
all ? Sir, by your merciful course you have paid
a premium to treason, and made it almost impos-
sible that a loyal man in the seceded States can
maintain himself at all. Those States are over-
run frequently by lawless bands of rebels, who do
not scruple one moment to take their property and
their lives, and treat them with every indignity
and every cruelty that a perverse ingenuity can
invent; but, on the other hand, when our armies
come along there, they deal quite as leniently with
the traitor as with the loyal man .What teaches hu-
man nature ? A man, having solely a regard to his
self-interest, living in one of those communities,
will undoubtedly reason thus: " [ must profess
to be a traitor; I must cooperate with them, for
if their lawless bands overrun the country I in-
habit, if I show any Union sentiment, any love
to the old Constitution and the old flag, 1 shall lose
not only my life, but all I possess; while, on the
other hand, if the Federal forces overrun the coun-
try, they are so lenient that, even professed traitor
as I am, they will respect not only my life, but
my property , and all I have." Sir, the rule is as
impolitic as it is unjust. You should carry the
avenging sword along with your armies, and smite
traitors and smite treason, and put it down, and
yield protection to honest, loyal men. Until you
adopt thatcourse, you will warin vain. Mr. Presi-
dent, for one, I say let us go forward against trea-
son and traitors; let us put down this rebellion at
all hazards. If, in doing so, your darling insti-
tution must go under, I shall not regret it. If it
must come to this, that the Union and slavery can-
not live together, let slavery die the death, for the
Constitution, the Union, and the time-honored old
flag shall live forever.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the resolution by striking out all after the
word "resolved,"and inserting the following 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) Senate bill No. 151, to confiscate the
property and free the slaves of rebels is now be-
fore the Senate, and the Senator from Kentucky
is entitled to the floor. Does he yield ?
Mr. POWELL. I will move to postpone the
bill to which the Chair has alluded, until to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And make it the special
order for one o'clock. I do not want it to lose
its position.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that Senate bill No. 151 be postponed to and made
the special order of the day for to-morrow at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. 1 have been ready to address
the Senate on that subject for two days. I have
never, since I have been a member of the Senate,
refused to yield the floor to any gentleman who
requested it, but to-morrow at one o'clock 1 hope
no Senator will ask me to yield the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall go on with this resolution in regard to Gen-
eral Stone, as we have now disposed of the spe-
cial order.
Mr.LANE.ofKansas. I withdrawmy motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to the resolution of the
Senator from California.
The Secretary read the amendment to strike
out all after the word " resolved," and insert:
That the President of the United States be requested to
communicate to the Senate any information touching the
ariej-t and imprisonment of Biuradier Geneial Stone, not
deemed incompatible with tile public interest.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust the vote on this
subjcct will be postponed for the present.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
whole matter will be settled now. We have spent
two or three hours upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall protest against it;
but if I am required to do so, I will go on with
the discussion of the subject, and give the reasons
why I think the amendment ought not to be
adopted. I do not care about discussing it now;
but if the Senate insist upon it, I shall give my
reasons why I am opposed to putting the resolu-
tion ill that form. 1 assuie gentlemen that if this
subjcct is postponed until to-morrow, 1 shall take
but a few minutes, and shall disturb the time of
the Senate but a very little while. I do not want,
however, to be called upon to speak now, for
when I first rose to address the Senate, I was not
strong enough to retain the floor, and cannot now.
If I can have the attention of the Senate to-mor-
row morning on this subject, I have some objec-
tions to make to the amendment, and 1 have a few
words to say in addition. I hope the Senate will
postpone the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am sure the Senate'will
postpone the resolution if the Senator from Cal-
ifornia desires to speak, and is too ill to speak this
afternoon. I think there can be no doubt on that
subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall act on the amendment. If the Senator de-
sires to speak on the subject, it must go over, and
must take up part of another day. I think we
had better dispose of this matter to-day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will test the sense of the
