1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
166$
Senate on this subjcct. I move that it be post-
poned until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow,
to see what the voice of the Senate is. Otherwise
I shall go on, and see if I can discuss it now.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference ori the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 188) to increase the
efficiency of the medical departmentof the Army.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the following re-
port from the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the3two Houses on the bill (H.
R.No. 242) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending 30th
of June, 1862, and ask that it be considered now:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. li. No.
242) making appropriations tor the naval service foi the
year ending 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions (or the year ending 30th of June, 186-2, having met,
after full and fieo conference have agreed to recommend,
and do lecommend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House of Representatives lecede fiom their dis-
agieement to the Senate's first amendment, and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amendment.
That the House recedc from their disagreement to the
Senate's eighth amendment, and agree to the same.
JOIIiV SHERMAN,
JAMES W. GRIMES.
JOHN P. HALE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
J. K. MOOIUIEAD,
E. H. ROLLINS,
Managers on the purt of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know what
those amendments are. All the most important
bills which pass Congress are those which come
in fiom a committee of conference. I do not un-
derstand it. There may be nothing here that the
Senate has not already passed upon, butitsome-
times happens that after a bill is passed we find a
provision as law which the Senate never had con-
sidered or knew anything about.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain it in a few
words to the satisfaction of the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio will permit the Chair to state that the
Chair understands the usual practice to be for the
question to be first taken where the bill is. The
bill is with the House of Representatives and not
before thp Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it may be postponed
for a few minutes. I can explain it in a moment.
There arc no amendments of importance.
Subsequentlyamessagefrom the House ofRep-
rcsentatives, by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11. No.
242) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending 30th
of Juno,1862.
The Senate thereupon concurred in the report.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (II. R. No. 259) making appropria-
tions for the servicc of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 259) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1863, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference, on the disagreeing votes of
the two IIuus.es on the bill (II. 11. No. 259) making appio-
puations for the seiviee of the Po^t Ofliec JLh-paitmentdui-
mgtlie li-ealyear ending the 30th of June, 1863, having met,
att<vr fuil and free conJerenee have agteed to lecommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Ilou-es as follow^,
namely:
That the House of Representatives recede fiom their dis-
iigiei'iu«iit to the Senate's fourth amendment, and agree to
the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the Senate's lilth amendment, and concui in
the same with an amendment, as follows; in line eight of
said amendment, after the word " twenty," strike out the
word "five."
That the Senate recede from their sixth, seventh, and
eighth amendments. JUSTIN S. MORRFLL,
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
A. A. SARGENT,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. COLLAMER,
MILTON S. LATHAM,
T. O. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate-
The report was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 15, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REBELLION LOSSES BILL.
Mi. PENTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to ask the consent of the House
to have printed an amendment, in the nature of a
substitute, for House bill No. 293, relating to
claims for losses and destruction of property be-
longing to loyal citizens, and damage done thereto
by the troops of the United States during the pres-
ent rebellion.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the consent of the
House to have printed an amendment which I
design to offer to the bill.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
L. P. N. LANDRUM.
Mr. HARDING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Affaus be m-
&ti ucted to inquire into the justice and propriety of provid-
ing by law that payment shall be made to L. P. N. Land-
rum, of Kentucky, for military services rendeied by him,
and that a pension be allowed arid paid to htm on account
of wounds and disabilities received in the service of the
United States before being regularly mustered into said ser-
vice, and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FENTON. If the gentleman will strike
out the " Committee on Military Affairs," and
insert the " Committee on Invalid Pensions," I
will not object.
Mr. HARDING. I accept that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
CLAIMS FOR HORSES.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and propriety of piovid-
mg by law that payment shall be made tor certain horses m
the State of Kentucky, which were purchased under the
oiders and by the authority of Brigadier General William
T. YVaid, for the military service of the United States, and
report by bill oi otherwise.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask leave to have my vote
recorded on the motion to suspend the rules yes-
terday in reference to a ship canal from the 3\lis-
sissippi to the lakes.
There was no objection; and Mr. Lovejoy
recorded his vote in the affirmative.
Mr. BLAKE, by unanimous consent, recorded
his vote m the affirmative upon the same question.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I rise to a question of
privilege. On the 24th of March, a resolution was
passed in this House in reference to the exchange
of Colonel Corcoran. A motion was entered to
reconsider the vote by which that resolution was
adopted; and I now call up that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let the resolution be
read.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I will read it. The
resolution to which I have referred is in these
words:
<• Resolred, That the Secretary of War be requested torn-
foim this House the cause, if any, for the protracted delay
in the exchange of Colonel Corcoian, a prisoner of war at
Richmond, smcc July last, and that he be, and is hereby,
directed to stop ali exchanges of prisoners until Colonel
Corcoran be released."
Now, sir, I wish to state distinctly that I have
no desire whatever to throw any impediment in
the way of the exchange of Colonel Corcoran, but
I protest against the cases of all other prisoners
being made subordinate to and dependent upon
the case of Colonel Corcoran, and I ask this House
to join me in preventing it. 1 have no doubt that
nearly every gentleman around me has some friend
—perhaps of lower rank than Colonel Corcoran—
who is a prisoner, in whom he is interested, and
who has the same desire to return to his family
that Colonel Corcoran has. I present before the
House the case of an officer of equal rank to Colo-
nel Corcoran, and I think I shall make no dispar-
agement of Colonel Corcoran, if I say of equal
bravery and gallantry with Colonel Corcoran, and
I desire that his exchange shall not be made de-
pendent on that of Colonel Corcoran. I refer to
Colonel Wilcox, of Michigan; and I shall ask
the privilege of stating a few facts in connection
with Colonel Wilcox which seem to me to show
conclusively that this case, if cither, should have
preference in this matter of exchange.
Colonel Wilcox, at the time of the President's
call for volunteers to defend this capital, found
the military system of the State of Michigan in a
perfectly disorganized and demoralized conditio!),
yet, sir, he marched through Baltimore with the
first regiment that marched through that city after
the terrible 19th of April when our troops were
fired upon there. His was the first regiment from
the West that reported itself here in Washington,
and, as they marched up the avenue, so different
were they in drill, equipment, and everythingelse
from certain other regiments that had reported
here, that everybody exclaimed, " Why these are
real soldiers!" And, sir, so favorable an impres-
sion did he and his regiment make upon the au-
thorities here, that in two or three days after his
arrival he was assigned to the important command
of that column which invaded the "sacred soil"
of Virginia and took possession of Alexandria.
He was made military governor of Alexandria,
which post he held until shortly previous to the
advance to Bull Run, when he was appointed to
the command of a brigade. He led that brigade
into action, and at the head of it, cheering on his
men, he fell mangled and bleeding. In the retreat
which followed, he was left upon the field, and
was taken to Richmond, and there, notwithstand-
ing his severe wounds, was confined in the mis-
erable tobacco-house dungeon, and I believe that
it was nothing except the heroic efforts and kind
attentions of that noble woman, Mrs. Captain
Rickctts, who went out and voluntarily surren-
dered herself a prisoner in order to take care of
her own husband, that saved his life. Well, sir,
he was sent to Charleston with Colonel Corco-
ran,and he,hke Colonel Corcoran, was consigned
to a dungeon as a hostage for the privateers, and
he shared Colonel Corcoran's fate in all his sub-
sequent confinement.
I have one fact to state in reference to his ex-
change which, it seems to -me, ought of itself to
prevent the passage of the resolution as it now
stands. The friends of Colonel Wilcox laid his
case before the late Secretary of War in such a
manner as to interest the Secretary in his behalf,
and he allowed them to select from any of the
rebel prisoners who might be in our hands any
one officer, whom he would exchange for Colonel
Wilcox. They selected Colonel Pegram, and he
was liberated from Fort Warren, with uncondi-
tional orders to exchange himself for Colonel
Wilcox. He came on here, and for some reason
or other was allowed to remain in Baltimore for
ten days, and by some hocus-pocus, which i never
could understand, and which I do not believe can
be explained without implicating the officer who
allowed it, lie was ordered by the Adjutant Gen-
eral, without the knowledge and without the con-
sent of the Secretary of War, to exchange him-
self for another officer, who was on his parole in
Texas, thus disappointing the friends of Colonel
Wilcox, who hau labored for him, and supposed
they had secured his release. After that, they
devoted themselves entirely to promoting u gen-
eral exchange of prisoners. A few weeks smcc
they were gladdened by the news that the pris-
oners at Columbia, South Carolina, had been
ordered to report themselves at Richmond for
exchange. But, for some reason or other, that
