1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
derstand, had the floor. He was addressing the
Senate, and in connection with his remarks he
asked thata certain paper be read. I wish to ask
this question: whether the Senator has not a right
to read it at his own desk or send it to the Secie-
tary's desk to have it read ? That is the whole
question.
Mr. SUMNER. I was aboutto speak precisely
in the sense of the Senator from Tennessee. Jt
seems to me, if the Chair will allow me, that the
rule in question is applicable only to a paper which
when offered passes into the possession of the Sen-
ate, and that it is not applicable to a paper, whether
in print or in manuscript, which a Senator intro-
duces in the course of remarks that he makes.
Such a paper is, ill point of fact, only a part of his
speech, and I take it it is always read at the desk
simply to aid the Senator in delivering his re-
marks.
Mr. PEA.RCE. Mr. President, if it had been
alleged by the Senator from Connecticut that he
desired to have those resolutions read as a part of
his speech, I admit that would have been a very
different thing; but I understood the Senator to
rise and state that the Senator from Indiana had
read two resolutions which he adopted as express-
ing his sentiments, and that he thought it was due
to the Senate that the other lesolutions submitted
at that meeting should also be read to the Senate.
He did not introduce it as a part of his speech,
neither as an argument which lie adopted, nor as
an argument which it was necessary to present in
this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not informed of any precedent in. the matter. The
Senator from Connecticut uses in his place and
asks the reading of a certain paper, and takes his
seat. The Chair directs the Seciclary to read the
paper, and a member objects. It is clearly within
the language of the lule. There is no exception j
or distinction made between a paper in the pos-
session of the Senate and any other paper that
may be offered 111 the Senate. The language ot
the rule is very plain:
" When the leadui^of a paper i- called fix, awl the same
is objected to, it  h:i!l be determined by a vote of the Sen-
ate, and without de-bate."
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask that the resolutions
be returned to me, and I will lead them myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to read them as a part of his speech .
Mr. FOSTER. Befoie reading them, I will
finish what I was about to say in reply to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maryland, that 111
reading them I by no means intend to impose one
word contained m the resolutions upon the Sen-
ator from Indiana as expressing his opinions at
all, but simply that we may, by having before us
all the resolutions that were passed by the body,
a part of which lie quoted, undeistand what die
body who passed the resolutions, which he him-
self procured to be read without any objection, in-
tended by them, by taking them in their connec-
tion with the ot her resolutions—not, 1 repeat, to im-
pose these opinions upon the Senator from Indiana,
but to show in what sense the body who passed
the resolutions which he procured to be read and
to which as 1 understood he gave his assent, un-
derstood those resolutions, and how they would
explain them: and that is, by taking them in their
connection. The lesolutions which he read were
simply the ninth and tenth m this scries of reso-
lutions, and by taking the whole together it seems
to me we can judge, and in that way only can we
fairly judge what the body who actually passed
them meant by these resolutions. I proceed there-
fore to read them:
" Whereto, the Democratic paity having, from the date
of in oiL'ain/.ation, be™ in f.uoroi the maintenance ol'tlie
Union ami the pn'«a\imnno! the Constitution, ami •seeing
in tlie pn'M'nt condition ol'tlie eountivtile deploiable eflcets
of a depiu tuie fioni its tnnc-honoieil and conservative pi in-
doles, and till" triumph ot"sectionalism; and fiimly believ-
ing that the Union and Constitution can be pre-erved alone
by the restoration of that paity to pen ei. we invite all ti ne
Union men thioughout the bind to unite with ti-'in -uM.iiu-
lllg Us org<ini/.<itioil and can; mg out its principles I hcre-
1. Resolved, That we leaft'uin ami uidoise the political
ptllietples thattronl time totnneluue beenputloith bj the
nation.tl conventions ot the Democwitic party.
'• -2 That we aie unaitciablv attached to the Oon-titution
bv* which the Union of the-e States \va> tmmed and (M.ib-
h'vjiijt'; and that a uuthtul oiw'n ance of if - pi •iK,ipl<*-5 can
alom ciM.tiiiii'' (ho oM-ronce of ihe Union, ami the pcima-
licnl Iiappiin1-* ol the people.
Tiiat the present civil war lias mainly le^ulted trom
the long-t ontimied, unwise, and faiKiucal agitation m til'5
Noith of the question of domestic slavery, the consequent
organization of a geographical party, guided by the sectional
platforms adopted at Buffalo, Pittsburg, Philadelphia, and
Chicago, and the development thereby of sectional hate and
jealousy, ptodueing (as had long been foreseen and predicted
by ur>) its countcipait in the South of secession, disunion,
and armed resistance to the General Govei nment, and term-
inating in a bloody strife between those who should have
been forever bound together by fiateinal bonds, thus bring-
ing upon tiie whole country a calamity which we arc now
to meet as loyal cttizens, stiiving lor the adoption of that
mode ol settlement be&t calculated to again restore union
and haimony.
"4. That in rejecting all propositions likely to lesult in
a satisfactory adjustment of the matter* in dispute between
the Noith and the South, and especially tho^e mcasmes
which would have seemed the boidcn slave States to the
Union, and a hearty cooperation 011 their part in all consti-
tutional and legal measures to procure a return of the more
>outbem States to their allegiance, the Republican party
assumed a feailul iesponsibility,and aetcd m total disiegard
of the best interest of the whole countiy.
"5. That it the paity in power had shown the same de-
sire to settle by amicable adjustment our internal dissen-
sions befoie hostilities had actually commenced that the
Administration has recently exhibited to avoid awai with
oui ancient enemy, Gtcat Britain, we confidently believe
that peace and haimony would now reign throughout all
our bordeis.
"6. That the maintenance of the Union upon the prin-
ciples of the Fodciai Constitution should be the contiolling
object of all who ptofess loyalty to the Government; and,
m 0111 judgment, tins put pose can only be accomplished by
the ascendency of a Union paity m the southern State>,
which Miall, by a countei levolution. dit-place those who
eontiol and dnect the present rebellion. That no effort to
create or sustain such a party can be successful which fs
not ba-ed upon a definite settlement of the questions at
issue between the two sections ; and we therefore demand
that some Mich settlement be made by additional constitu-
tional guaiantee, eithei initiated by act of Congress or
thiouuh the medium of :i national convention.
'• 7. That the Republican party has fully denionstiated its
inability to conduct the Government thiough its present
ditheu!tie>.
"8. That we aie utteilv opposed to the twin heresies,
noithern sectionalism and «outhcin secession, as inimical
to the Constitution; and that fieemen, as they value the
boon of civil libeity and the peace ol the countiy, should
frown indignantly upon them.
Tins is the fust, [ believe, of the resolutions
introduced by the Senator from Indiana—
" That in this national emeigeney the Democracy of In-
diana, banishing all feeling of passion and 1 continent, will
lecoik'ct only their dutv to the whole country; that this
war should not be waned m the spmt of conquest or sub-
jugation, noi lor the piupo^eot ovei throwing or interfering
with the light1- 01 institutions of the State?, but to defend
and maintain the sup rmacy of the Conxtitution, and to
pie-seive the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights
ot the several Wtatesunimpaned ; and that as soon as these
objects are accomplished, the wai ought to cease
"10."—
This was the other resolution introduced by the
honorable Senator—
"That we will sustain, with all out energies a wai for
the maintenance of the Constitution, and ot the mteguty
of the Union undo (he Lovshtafuni; but we aie opposed
to a wai for the emancipation ol the ncgroc-, 01 the subju-
gation of the southern States."
Those two resolutions, the ninth and tenth,
weie all, as I believe, that were introduced by the
Senator from Indiana.
"11. That the puipo^es avowed and advocated by the
noHhem di-.uniom t-, tolibeiate and aim the net'io .-laves,
is uneonstitutioual; in-iiUinii 1 o loyal citizens; a disgrace to
the a o ; n calculated toretaid the "suppresMon of the icbei-
lion. and meets 0111 unqualified condemnation.
u 12. That the total di-icgud of the wnt of kahctc <orj;«s
bv the Authontics over u-<, and the seizure and impnson-
mcnt of tlie citizens of loyal States where the judinaiy is
in lull opeiation without wauant ol law, ana without as-
signing any eau>e, 01 giving to the patty aliened any oppor
tiimty of defense, aie llagiant violations of the Constitu-
tion, and most alarming acts of umhpation of powoi, which
should receive tlie stem rebuke ol e\ ca\ lovei ol hi.- coun-
try and ol < veiy man who pnzes the ^ecunty and I Ics-iugs
of hie, libeitv. and piopeiiy.
13, That lib« it} ot speech and of the press aie guai-
antted to tlie people by the Constitution, and none but a
ustuper would depnve them ofthesp tights; theyare ines-
timable to the citizen and toimulable to tyiants only. And
tlie attempt-; which have been made since our piesent im-
foitnnare tioubles to muzzle the press and ^tillo Iree dis-
eu-s[on, are exerci=es of despotic powci against which
ficedom revolts, and which cannot be toleiated without
convening fieemeu into slaves.
« 14 'l'hatthe soi7ui e of Hiidel) and Ma«on onboaidaneu-
ttal vessel on the hurh sea^, was either in aecoulance with
international law, and so legal. 01 else m violation of such
law, ami so illegal. J f tlie f.uuHu. wo lament that oui na-
tion h.is been humiliated bv their euirendi-i under a threat;
if the latter, it wax tlie duty of the Administiation at once
to ha\e disavowed the a< t ot tin u otlicoi, and instead of
mcarceiatmg the captives in Fnit W.uron. to have nnme-
dudelv lepaned the wiong by plaenig them, as far as ptac-
tieabie, m the same condition in which that othcer had
found them. I11 either event, the action of the Admims-
ti at ton w as vac ilJ.i tmg and cowaidly, and dt giading to the
dicmn of a gioat nation.
That the action of the Republican paitv, as mani-
fested in the paui-=an character ot all appointments of the
Administration to eivii office, mid in holding party caucus
by the llepublican members of Congress for the purpose of
impressing upon the legislative action of that body the pe-
culiar dogmas of that party, have demonstrated that their
professions ol < sacrificing party platforms and party organ-
izations upon the altar of their country,' are but so many
hypocritical and false pretenses by which they hope to
dupe the unwary into their support; and we warn all loyal
persons, as they love their country, not to be deceived
thereby.
" 16. That the disclosures made by the investigating com-
mittee in Congress of the enormous frauds that have stalked
into the Army and Navy Departments, implicating the heads
of those Departments in a connivance at, if not an actual
participation in, a system of corruption, and in which our
brave soldiers have been defrauded of then proper supplies,
and our Government threatened with bankruptcy, demand
a thorough investigation into all our expenditures, both State
and national, and thata speedy and marked example be
made ot all such ' birds of prey,' who. taking advantage of
the necessities of our country, have fed and fattened upon
public plunder.
" 17. That the meritoiious conductof the Indiana troops
in every battle-field where victory has perched upon the
national banner, has filled the people of this State with the
highest gratitude to her gallant sous; and that we send our
best wishes to officeis and men, dispersed throughout the
country, and the heartfelt greetings of every Democrat for
their further brilliant achievements in the coming contests
for the maintenance of the Constitution and the Union."
I repeat again, Mr. President, that it is no part
of my purpose to assert or to imply that the Sen-
ator from Indiana gives one word of assent to any
of these resolutions exccpt those two which he
has introduced, and to those only in the manner
which he himself stated. I thought it, however,
due to us that we should understand the connec-
tion in which those resolutions were passed, and
by hearing those passed at the same time, we
could understand better the sense in which the
body who passed them understood them.
Mr. BRIGHT. It was purely accidental that
I made an allusion yesterday to the resolutions
that have been read by the Senator from Con-
necticut. The honorable Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Willey] was kind enough to suspend judg-
ment in this case until he should have heard &11
the facts, and signified a wish that I should en-
lighten the Senate upon one point. I presented
to the Senate the resolutions numbered nine and
ten of that series, passed by one of the largest
political conventions that ever met in the State I
represent here, which met on the 8th of January
last, and I stated that those resolutions embodied
my views on the single point on which the Sena-
tor was inquiring. 1 did not read all the resolu-
tions, for the reason that there is something in
their language that might be considered person-
ally offensive to Senators who differ with me po-
litically, and it has never been any part of my
practice here, cither by what I have said or read,
to give offense. I therefore did not read thc entire
phufurm laid down by my political friends in that
convention. Stripping those resolutions, how-
ever, of all that may be personally offensive, and
looking only at tlie political principles enunciated
in them, I have no hesitancy in saying here, be-
fore the vote is taken, that I indorse them in all
tbeir heighth, length, breadth, and depth.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, after the brief
remarks which I made at the opening of this de-
bate, it was my intention not again to open my
hps while the resolution now before the Senate
was under consideration, and after hearing to-day
the eloquent and dignified address of the honorable
Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,] I hesitate
in abandoning that intention. The wide range
of remark, however, departing entirely from the
charge upon wluch the committee reported, and
the elaborate and labored speeches which have
been made, reviewing adversely the whole politi-
cal career of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
! for the purpose of arraying prejudice against him
in support of an unsustaincd "charge, combined
with my personal regard for that honorable Sen-
ator, and my confidence m his integrity, forbid
my adherence to my previous determination. It
will be my endeavor to bring back the debate to
the'real question before us for decision, vindicate
my own opinions, and sustain the report of the
committee.
I shall also controvert some of the principles
which have been advanced in the debate by those
who support the resolution.
The action of the Senate in all cases of expul-
sion must of necessity be judicial. I freely admit
that by the terms of the Constitution tlie power of
expulsion is absolute in two thirds of the mem-
bers present constituting a quorum, and that there
: j is no restriction on the power expressed and no
il specification of the grounds on which expulsion
