1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2629
for not paying them; you do not get a tax title
that any man dares to stand upon or settle upon.
Acres find thousands of acres have been sold year
after year in all these new counties. That is my
experience, and I imagine it is the experience of
every one who knows anything about these new
States.
Mr. HARLAN. This body is a body of law-
yers. There are very few gentlemen here who
are not professional lawyers. Heretofore appro-
priations of land have been made for State uni-
versities. The proceeds of the sales of those
lands have usually gone to educate the children
of professional men—men who are able to defray
the expense of the education of their children
away from home, in classical studies and in the
learned professions. Here, for the first time I
believe in the history of the Senate, a proposi-
tion is made to make an appropriation of lands
for the education of the children of the agricul-
turists of the nation, and it meets with strenu-
ous opposition from a body of lawyers. If this
Senate was composed of agriculturists chiefly,
they would have provided first for an agricultural
college, and afterwards probably for a college in
which the sons of lawyers, physicians, and other
professional men could be educated. I do not
believe if this proposition were submitted to a
vote of the people of the country, that you could
array one fiftieth of the voters against it. This
is simply a proposition to take a fraction of the
public lands to aid the farmers of the country in
educating their sons, or those of them who choose
to give them a scientific agricultural education.
The Senator from Wisconsin is disposed to with-
hold it from them, although his own State will
receive proportionally as large an amount as any
other State.
I know what the Senator says in relation to the
location of large bodies of land by non-residents
in new States and Territories is true. The peo-
ple do not generally favor such action on the
part of the General Government as would favor
such a result; but we have already guarded
against this very largely by the passage of the
homestead bill; and I take occasion here to con-
firm, as far as my judgment may be regarded in
that light, the statement made by the Senator from
Kansas. I do not believe that the passage of the
homestead bill will very materially diminish the
aggregate amount of money to be received from
the sale of the public lands. We have had but
one practical illustration of the effect of such a
low, and that was in the Territory of Oregon be-
fore it became a State. The General Government
granted a half section of land to each citizen who
would reside 011 the land for three years. The
records of the Department will show that seventy-
two per cent, of the entire amount of lands located
in this way was purchased at §1 25 an acre be-
fore the teimination of the three years.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will per-
mit me to ask him a question: whether there is
not in the State of Minnesota as much land located
and entered for preemption which has never been
offered for sale at all, on which nothing has been
paid, as there is 011 which it has been paid by pre-
emptors; and whether those same preemptors
will not now, under this homestead law, take that
land without ever paying?
Mr. IliVRLAN, I cannot answer the Sena-
tor's question definitely; but F maysay,generally,
that in all the new States and Territories 111 which
settlers are permitted to preempt the public lands
before the surveys, there will always be a large
amount of lands held 111 this way before they will
have been offered for sale at public outcry.
Mr. COLLAMER. I speak of those where
the lands have been suiveyed,and they have made
their entries as preemptors, and have not paid be-
cause it has not been offered for sale.
Mr. HARLAN. Under the provisions of the
homestead bill they will be subject to entry by
paying ten dollars and the usual land office fres,
by the preemption settlers. It is distinctly pro-
vided that those who are now living on the lands
as preemptors may enter under the provisions of
the homestead law.
Mr. GRIMES. All who are on the land as set-
tlers or squatteis.
ftlr. HARLAN. The remark of my colleague
is true: all that are 011 the land as settlers or squat-
ters can immediately notify the land office of their
intention to hold as homestead settlers, and ulti-
mately enter a quarter section for ten dollars; but
those who have given notice of their intention to
preempt, and have settled the land as preemptors
under the preemption law, may, under the home-
stead bill, enter them for ten dollars and the ordi-
nary land office fees. I do not believe the general
effect of the passage of this bill will be injurious
to the State, of Wisconsin. Wisconsin will re-
ceive its full distributive share with the other
States; and so with all the other new States. I
would not have voted for the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lane] to limit the
quantity located in each State to a million of acres.
I think it will have no beneficial effect, and will
embariass the Department in issuing and locating
this scrip. But that having been adopted, and if
this amendment should be adopted, limiting the
quantity of scrip that may be issued to each indi-
vidual purchaser, I do not perceive how it would
be possible for any new State to be injured more
under the provisions of this bill than it may be
under existing laws by any individual who may
choose to buy land with money. The principle
is precisely the same. Any one who has the gold
and silver may now enter any quantity of public
land aftei it has been once offered for sale at pub-
lic outcry without competition, at the minimum
price, and hold it as long as he chooses. He may,
if he chooses, appear at the public sales and bid
against the settler, and buy without limit. There
is no law in existence limiting the purchaser in
the amount of his purchase. He is governed alone
by his desires and his means. When this amend-
ment shall have been disposed of, I desire to pro-
pose one or two amendments to the second section
of the bill, in order to harmonize its provisions
with existing laws.
Mr. RICE. I did not intend to say anything
upon this bill, but I wish to give my reasons sim-
ply why 1 am opposed to it as it now stands. I
am not opposed to giving to the old or the new
States the quantity of land they ask for; but I
would prefer it in a different shape from that in
which it is now. There are some ten millions of
acres that will be donated under this bill. That
will mostly be taken from three or four of the
new western States. The States may locate in
the State of Minnesota some three, four, or five
millions of acres. It is true, I should think, from
the reading of the bill, that the State of Minne-
sota would have the power to tax it when located;
but that is a very small item to the State m com-
parison to the amount that would be contributed
to it if this land were owned by actual settlers;
because each settler would not only pay the same
tax upon the land that the States would pay, hut
taxes upon the improvements he might make and
the stock that he might bring into the place. In
addition to that, he would contribute his mite as
an individual towards opening roads, supporting
schools, and building churches. By this hill we
shall be deprived of this aid from settlers and the
tax on the improvements they might make. The
great difficulty and the great source of trouble m
the western States is on account of so much of
the land being owned by non-residents. The east-
ern States that would locate on the lands in the
western States would be. held in the same light.
I am willing to vote for a bill issuing to each
State an amount of scrip or warrants for thirty
thousand acres to each Representative for this pur-
pose. "I do not think the now States would suffer
by it; I think it would he really as good, and per-
haps better, for the new States, because I would
propose to issue the scrip m forty .fifty, or one hun-
dred acies each. The man who goes under the
homestead bill and takes one hundred and sixty
acres, has all he can take. There arc very few who
would be satisfied with that, because large num-
bers of those claims would be entirely piairie
land, or entirely timber land, and I10 would seek
for this scrip. If ho wanted forty acres of timber
land, ho would buy scrip for forty acres; if he
wanted more, he would take eighty or one hun-
dred acres. I should be perfectly willing to issue
this scrip to the States, and then those to whom
they might sell might locate it wherever they
pleased. The only objection I have to this bill
is, that they can select by townships, or by sec-
tions, if you please; take four 01 five millions of
acres of our land and not pay anything towards
building roads or bridges or school-houses.
Mr. WADE. The'Senator overlooks the fact
that we have already adopted an amendment that
limits the amount to one million of acres in each
State. They cannot locate over a million of acres
in any one State as the bill now stands.
Mr. RICE. Well, suppose theygo in and take
one million of acres in a body in my State—a mil-
lion of acres of the finest land in the world: who
will build roads through it ? The land is taxed
the same as the lands of non-residents; but who
builds roads in a new country? They are hot
built from money received from taxes, because
our taxes are so light that it is very difficult for
us to keep up our government. The roads are
built by private subscription. School-houses and
churches are built in the same way; and the more
citizens we get, the lighter the tax will be upon
each. If the bill could be amended in the way I
have indicated, and be satisfactory to its friends,
I should vote for it most cheerfully.
Mr. GRIMES. You ought to amend the law
ofMinnesotasoas to build school-houses by taxes
upon the land.
Mr. RICE. There are many school-houses in
Minnesota, Iowa, and all the new States built by
private subscription.
Mr. GRIMES. Yery few in my State. They
are built entirely by a tax on lands; and instead
of these lands of non-residents being an injury to
us, they furnish a very good fund from which we
are able to build roads and school-houses.
Mr. RICE. I think, then, the people of Iowa
had better sell out to non-residents what little
land they have got. It is the reverse in my State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
m the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] to re-
consider the vote adopting the amendment offered
by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE (when his name was called) said:
When I voted before I was not aware that an
amendment had been adopted limiting the amount
to be located in any one State so as not to exceed
one million of acres. I vote " yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 25, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carliie, Clark, Collamer,
Covvau, Davis, Dixon, Fessemien, Foot, Foster, Hale,
[lams, Howard, Kennedy, King, Latham, Morrill, Rice,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten EycK, Wade, Willey, Wilmot, ana
Wilson ot Massachusetts—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning. Chandler, Doolittle, Grimes,
Harlan, Howe, Lane ot" Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmitll,
Pomeroy, rfaulsbury, Slat k, Tiumlju-ii, Wilkinson, and
ffi ight—15.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment to insert, at the end of
section five, the following:
Art. 7. No State shall be- entitled to the benefits of this
act unless it shall avail itself of tile provisions thereof
within two years from the date of its. approval by the Pres-
ident.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will inquire what the
provisions alluded to are.
Mr. WADE. An amendment has already been
attached to it; but the provisions of the bill are
not to go into effect until a year after the home-
stead bill goes into operation, which is next July;
so that it would leave hardly any time for this.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand this bill,
it provides that scrip shall be issued in certain
proportions to each State. It does not limit the
time when that shall be done. The State has
nothing to do about that. If I understand it
aright, these limitations here mentioned relate
practically to things with which the States have
nothing to do. The surveys are to be made and
the senp to be given, and the States are to pay
the expenses of that survey.
Mr. POMEROY. The States are not to pay
the.expense of surveys; the General Government
pays all that.
Mr. COLLAMER. The State has nothing to
do, in order to take advantage of this grant, until
the Government has surveyed the land and issued
scrip to them. When the Government will be
able to issue this scrip to them, and get surveys
made, I cannot tell. Now, why say that this act
shall not take cffcct unless within two years the
States comply with some conditions in it? I do not
know of any conditions they can comply with.
