1670.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
exchange has been stopped. Jt is rumored in the
public press that the reason is something personal
in reference to Colonel Coicoran. I do not know
how that may be; but I wish to ask that the re-
lease of Colonel Wilcox and the other brave men
with him shall not be made dependent on any
contingency that may apply peculiarly and alone
to Colonel Corcoran, i believe that if Colonel
Corcoran *s voice could be heard among us to-day
 a voice which I never heard, nor do I know
him, except from public fame—it would beseech
us not to deprive his companions in suffering and
confinement of the happiness of returning to their
families simply because the same boon is denied
to him.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave to say that 1
saw, the other day m this city, Colonel Wood-
ruff, who has been confined for months past with
Colonel Corcoran at Columbia and Richmond,
and I heard him deliver to the President of the
United States and to the Secretary of State, a mes-
sage from Colonel Corcoran and others, who de-
sired him to say that they wore exceedingly anx-
ious to be released from confinement; but that if
it be required by the Government,for its purposes,
that they should remain in imprisonment, they
were as willing to serve their counlry in that way
as in any other.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I have no doubtofthat;
but I do not know why one should control the
whole.
Mr. MALLORY. I concur with the gentleman
from Michigan in that, and I think that the reso-
lution ou^ht to he reconsidered.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I hope the House will
reconsider the vote adopting this resolution, and
then amend it by striking out the last clause.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 desire to say that in intro-
ducing this resolution, 1 was not prompted by any
personal consideration,nor by anvdesire to serve
Colonel Corcoran ar theexpense ofany other gal-
lant and woithy officer in confinement at the
South. 1 was not aware at the time, nor until
now, that Colonel Wilcox, of Michigan, was still
hold as a prisoner, i was under the impression,
till this moment, that he had been released, and
my only desire in offering the resolution was to
call the attention of Congress to the fact that a
worthy and gallant officer was still in confine-
ment, and that no reason had been given for the
protracted delay in ins ielea.se. If any objection
hftd been made, if the gentleman fiom Michigan
had stated then what he has now stated, I stood
ready to modify the resolution, and would have
stricken out the poi lion objected to. I introduced
the resolution in good faith. I was called from
the House immediately after its passage, and was
not aware that a motion to reconsider had been
entered. Otherwise, I should at once have oftered
to modify it. I propose to modify it, now.
Mr. BLAKE. My only object in moving to
reconsider was that I saw thai the resolution did
manifest injustice to many persons, and particu-
larly to u friend of mine, confined in the samejail
with Colonel Corcoran—I mean Captain Shurtliff,
a gallant man who went forth on the commence-
ment of the war, fought like a hero, and has been
in captivity for eight or ten months. The resolu-
tion was adopted without my observing it. After-
wards I saw ihnt it did great injustice, not only to
Captain Shurtliff, but to a large number of worthy
men confined in southern prisons. As the gentle-
man who intiodnced the tesolulion expic^ses his
intention to modify it, I have no objection.
Mr. DELANO. I was notanticipatuig that any
such resolution as this was to be before the House
this morning; but 1 confess that it is one which
has as much interest for myselfas any proposition
pending in this House. Not only is Colonel Cor-
coran a prisoner, and one whose liberation the
action of this House is intended to effect; not only
is Colonel Wilcox, a soldier for whom we have the
utmost admiration, in that same predicament, but
it has been well intimated by the gentleman from
Michigan that there is scarcely any member on
this floor who eaimotrecali the name of some per-
sonal and meritorious friend who is also confined
either at Richmond or some more remote point
South, and whom he would gladly have liberated
by force of this or some other resolution, if that
were a proper method of procuring such liberation.
But, Mr. Speaker, if there has been any one rule
of conduct during the piogress of this war which,
us a member of this House, 1 have endeavored to
observe more inflexibly than almost any other,
calculated to influence my action here on the vari-
ous questions relating to the conduct of the war,
it is that on all such questions we should presume
that the War Department, with whom there is a
high discretion left, are at all times acting in ac-
cordance with that just and wise discretion, and
that, too, without any instruction on the subject
from Congress.
Now, Sir. Speaker, although I have a very
highly esteemed and near friend who has been,
since the 21st of July last, confined at Richmond,
at Castle Pinc.kney, near Charleston, or at Colum-
bia—a non-combatant, one of the most devoted
and eloquent divines of New England, a man for
whom I might almost say I would willingly give
myself up as a hostage—still I must say that I
think that any such instructions as are embraced
in this resolution are an encroachment on the prov-
ince of the War Department. I do think it is
proper to request or dircct the War Department
to give us the reason why these men have not
been released, if not incompatible with the public
interests. The whole country is anxiously in-
quinngforthosereasons. I supposed thatwehad
not oniy captured, but tendered for exchange over
and over again, prisoners enough to redeem our
officers and soldiers who are languishing in south-
ern prisons. To thatextent, then, I will go. But
when it comes to instructing the War Department
that until the Secretary lets us know what the rea-
sons are for the non-cxchange of these prisoners,
that Department should suspend all further ex-
changes, I must dissent most earnestly from that
course. I hope, thetefore, that the vote adopting
this resolution will be reconsidered, and that the
latter part of the resolution may be stricken out.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I think thatenough has
been said on the matter,and I shall therefore move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ouleied,and undei its operation
the vote by which the resolution was adopted was
reconsidered.
The question recurrcd on the adoption of the
resolu Lion.
Mr. ANCONA. I now modify the resolution
by striking out the last clause, so that it will read:
Rewired, That the Secrctaij of War he i cquestcd to m-
loi in tin-; Hoti".e the cau^e, it" any, tor the pi oti acted delay
in the evolwnare of (Jolonel Coicoian, n piiconct of war <it
Richmond, miu e Jnf\ la^t.
Mr. WtCKLlFFE. Is it in order to move to
amend the icsolution >
The SPEAKER. It k.
Mr. WK'KLIEEE. ! .should like to add that
the Secretary of War should report the cause of
suspending the exchange of pusoners. I know
something myself about that cause.
The SPEAKER. Tin* Chaii would suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky that he might ac-
complish his purpose by adding the words, " and
other prisoners."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Very well. If the facts
are as stated to me, it is important that the coun-
tiy should know them. I understand that we are
greatly in advance in the exchange of prisoners.
The War Depaitment, therefore, does not desire
to continue the system until it can get something
in exchange. It does not deem it propei to pa-
role any more prisoners, because paro-ies are, to
a very great extent, disregarded, and because the
presiden t of the con fedoracv has asked congress to
pass a lawgiving him the power to absolve those
who have given their parole of honor not to take
up arms against the United States. 1 suppose that
some reason of this kind is operating on the War
Department.
The resolution was further modified, so as to
read:
Resolved, Th.it the Secietary of War be requested to in-
fo) m the House the cau^if any, for the protiacted delay in
the exchange of Colonel Corcoran and all other prisoneis
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I suggest that the name
of Colonel Wilcox be inserted after that of Colo-
nel Corcoran.
Mr. HALE. I hope the resolution will not be
so wouled as to confine itself to the prisoners of
war who are at Richmond. I have friends who
are prisoners of war at Columbia and at New Oi-
leans. I think the resolution should apply to all.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 will then modify my
amendment, so that it will read simply "all other
prisoners of war."
Mr. ANCONA. I will accept that modification,
and now call the previous question on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, to
permit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to offer my amendment, inserting
the name of Colonel Wilcox after that of Colonel
Corcoran. I believe he is the only other colonel
now a prisoner who was taken at the battle of Bull
Run.
Mr. ANCONA. The resolution as modified
will cover him as well as others. I prefer to in-
sist on my demand for the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I now move to amend,
by inserting the name of Colonel Wilcox after
that of Colonel Corcoran, and on the resolution
and amendment I demand the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question
for one moment.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I do not think it worth
while to spend any more time upon this subject.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the House will vote
down that motion, then.
Mr. DELANO. J wish to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Michigan.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. If I could withdraw the
demand foi the pievious question at all, I cer-
tainly would do it on the request of the gentleman
from Kentucky. I must decline.
Mr. WRIGHT called for tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 53,
noes 44.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Trowbridge
was agreed to.
The icsolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, fiom the committee
of confidence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 188) to increase the ef-
ficiency of the medical department of the Army,
submitted the following leport:
The committee of confeience on the disagreeingvotes ot
the iwo Tlou-e.< on the amendment to ttie bill (S. No. 188)
to increase the efficiency of the medical depaiunent of the
Aimj, liaWng met, alter a full and free confmience have
a«ieed to recommend, and do recommend, to their lespect-
ive Ilou-eSj as follows:
Th.it the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to ilie said hill with the following amendments :
In section one, lino seven, alter the woid service,"
stiike out the woids " shall be forty-five dollars per month
and one lanon,5' and insert in I ten ihoieof the woids," shall
be thnty dollais pel month ;"and at the end of said section
add as follows-: u and all medical cadet*, m the service ^hall,
in addition to their pay, receive one tatton per day, eilhei
in kind 01 commutation.}*
In section seven ot said amendment of the House strike
out the who to section, and in lieu tlieieot nisei t the seventh
section of the original bill of the Senate with the lollowmg
amendment thereto. at the end ot the ->aid s-eventh sceiion
ot the Senate hill add as follows*' Piovidcd,hoiccver, That
when this .ict shall e.xpne, all ofiieeis vvtio shall have been
promoted fiom the medical staff of the Aimy under this act
shall ictain their respective rank in the Aimy with such
promotion as they would have been entitled to."
In the title of the bill, alter the woid v* to,1'' insert u reor-
ganize and." frank p. blair, jr.,
john b. steele,
edward Mcpherson,
Managers on the part of the House.
henry wilson,
ii. s. lane,
j. w. nesmitii,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideiation of House bill No. 92,
to legulate the franking privilege, reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union without amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I only desire to
repeat what I said in committee the other day,
that this bill was carefully prepared by a com-
mittee of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, who spent
very much labor upon it. Itconsists chiefly of a
digest or collation of the existing nets upon the
subject. The only new provisions are these: first,
