2630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. WA.DE. I suppose it would be well
enough that they should signify their assent to
the grant in that time. Xhat is all I can see that
they should do.
Mr. COLLAMER. This should be so
amended.
Mr. WADE. I think the Senator from Iowa
supposes that is all they have to do.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to inquire who
presented the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment was pre-
sented by me; and I have no objection to the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont, if he will propose it in form.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would modify the amend-
ment, so as to read:
No State shall be entitled to the benefits of this act un-
less it shall express its acceptance thereof by its Legisla-
te within two years from the date of its approval by the
President.
Mr. HARLAN. I accept the amendment in
that shape.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] to insert as a
new section:
And be it further enacted, That this act shall take effect
from and after the 1st day of July, A. D. 1864.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will not
be agreed to. There is a limitation already in the
bill that I think reasonable.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe there is a limit-
ation already in the bill that land shall not be
located under the scrip for a year from this time.
Mr. WADE. This goes beyond a year, and
fixes a year from the time the homestead bill takes
effect.
Mr". WILKINSON. I should like to hear the
provision road that is already in the bill.
Mr. WADE. It was the first amendment
adopted, the amendment offered by the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Lane ]
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlnd provided further, That no such location shall be made
before one year tiom the passage of this act.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offered this additional
section for this reason: the homestead bill does
notgoirito operation until the lstof January, 1863;
we have a large number of young men in the Army
who will remain thete and who will not probably
be discharged until after the time limited in this
amendment for this bill to take effect. Now, I do
not want the best lands selected under this bill,
thus cutting off the young men in the Army from
the privileges and benefits of the homestead law,
and hence I have proposed this provision. If Sen-
ators wish to take all the best lands away from
them while they are fighting for their country,
they can do so. I hope the amendment will be
adopted. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
Hie yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lcsultcd—yeas 13, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Doolittle, Giimes, Ilarlan, Howe, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas*, Latham, Ncsimth, Pomeroy,
llice, Stark, Wilkinson, and Wnght— 13.
tVAYS—Mc^rs. Anthony, Browning, Carhlo, Chandler,
Claik, Co)lamer, Cowan, JJavis, Dixon, Fes-cnden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Harris, Howard, Kennedy, King, McbougaU,
Morrill, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, TuimbulJ, Wade,
Willey, and Wilson of Ma^acliUiUitts—-26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I move, in the third section, after
/.he word " management," m the second line, to
strike out " and;" and after the word " superin-
tendence," to insert, " and taxes from date of
selection;" so that it shall read," that all the ex-
penses ofmanagement,superintendence, and taxes
from date of selection of said lands previous to
their sales," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN". What does that mean ?
Mr. RICE. I do not know that it changes the
effect of the bill. I believe, from my reading- of
it, that the lands will be subject to taxation after
the selection; but it will look a little better, espe-
cially to the people of my State^to have all doubt
m regard to that point removed.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill does not provide
that Slates may go upon the public land, as States,
to make selections; and therefore they cannot be
required to pay taxes as States. This require-
ment can only extend where the State selects land
within Us own border. To that extent the amend-
ment of the Senator may ap-ply; but a State, as a
State, cannot go out of its own limits to make a
selection of public lands in another State, and
therefore cannot be required to pay taxes. The
bill requires scrip to be issued; and I think taxes
must be paid on the location of the scrip by the
individual who locates, and not by the State.
Mr. RICE. A question may arise between the
date of the selection and its approval by the De-
partment as to what time the right to tax the lands
would attach. I know very well a State would
not tax its own lands of its own volition.
Mr. WADE. I see no reason for taxing these
lands until five years after the grant. 1 believe
that in many cases the States have agreed not to
tax the Government lands until five years after
the sale.
Mr. RICE. That concession was only made
by the States of Ohio and Indiana, and peihaps
Illinois; but in all the other land States the lands
are taxed from the moment a preemptor gets his
duplicate, no matter whether the patent issues in
five years or ten years.
Mr. WADE. Is there not such a provision in
th# acts admitting the States ?
Mr. RICE. That was a special provision made
in two or three States; and that is another reason
why I wish this amendment inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the firstamend-
ment which was adopted this morning, by adding
after the first clause of it the words, " or Terri-
tories;" so as to make it read, " that no more
than one million of acres shall be locafed by such
assignees in any one of the States or Territories."
The amendment as it now stands limits the amount
of land to be located in any one State by the as-
signees of the scrip to one million of acres. I
want to have fair play all round the board, and
to limit the number of acres which shall be se-
lected in any Territory to the same amount.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be agreed
to. There is no reason why the location should
be limited to the same extent in a Territory as in
a State, where the land is very much taken up. I
leave it, however, to the Senate. I care but little
what they do with it; but if they are in favor of
the bill, I think they had better keep clear of this
proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope this amendment will
not be agreed to, bccause, as has been stated, there
arc only two or three States where it is likely this
scrip will be located, and I see no objection to
allowing it to be located in the Territories.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course it is hardly to be
expected that I should stand up here in favor of
the Territories, when the Senator from Ohio, who
has them particularly under his charge, thinks it
proper that seven or eight or nine millions of acres
should be taken from them for the benefit of par-
ticular States that do not want the lands taken in
their own limits; but I wish to test the sense of
the Senate on the subject. 1 think it is the inter-
est of all the States to build up the Territories,
make them strong States, and make them strong
States as speedily as possible. If the selection of
more than a million of acres under this bill, in any
one of the States, is going to be injurious to that
State, how much more injurious will it be to one
of the Territories, where the population is sparse,
and where the wealth is very limited, to allow
persons to come in and take several milltbns of
acres! The Territories have no representatives
here, and I in their behalf ask that this same boon
that is granted to the new States, my own among
the number, shall be granted to them. There are
several millions of acres of land in my own State
where this scrip can be located. I am willing that
it shall be located there. I do not apprehend any
injury to my State from the selection of lands
thereunder thisbili,and 1 wouldratherthey should
be selected, for I want the privilege of taxing them.
But if it is going to be an injury to the States, it
is going to be an injury to the Territories. If it
is going to be a benefit to the States, it is going to
be a benefit to the Territories. Let the Territories,
who have no representation here, stand exactly
on flie same basis with the new States in this
regard.
Air. WADE. I do not concede that there is
any prejudice to any State or Territory in the se-
lection of these lands within its limits. I con-
sented to the first amendment only because it was
said it would be satisfactory to everybody, not
that I thought there was any injury to be appre-
hended from leaving the bill just as it was; nor do
I now think so. The Senator says I am the guard-
ian of the Territories. Well, sir, I will not will-
ingly consent to do an injury either to a Territory
or a State. It shall not be done with my assent.
I do not believe the selection of these lands within
their limits will be an injury to them. If you
restrict this grant and limit it, you render it less
beneficial; but as to injuring a State or Territory,
I do not believe a word of it. I am willing the
Senate shall do what they think necessary.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say merely that I de-
sire to have the Territories put on the same foot-
ing precisely with the States, in this respect. I
do not insist upon any such limitation i n relation to
a State, but if the quantity that is to be located
within the limits of a State should be limited, the
same provision ought to be applied to the Terri-
tories, and hence I shall vote for the amendment
of my colleague.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biowning, Chandler, Doolittle, Grimes,
Howaul, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougdH. Pomeroy, Trumbull, Wilkiubou, and
Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Clark, Oollamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Har-
ris, King, Morrill, Rice, Simmons, Stark, Sunjnci, Ten
Eyck, Wade, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend the sec-
ond section, in the second line, after the word
u surveyed," by adding " and subject to private
entry." It does not alter the operation of the
section materially.
Mr. HARLAN. That will merely operate
against the Senator's own State and mine, that
may choosc to locate their share of these lands
within their own limits. The bill already pro-
vides that the scrip shall hp located only on lands
subject to sales at private entry.
Mr. WILKINSON. The amendment is merely
to set apart the same lands that are subject to pri-
vate entry by the scrip, for the other purposes of
the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand that aright,
it is that in Minnesota they cannot have any land
under the bill, because the lands there are not sub-
ject to private entry, not having been proclaimed
and offered for sale.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will allow
me, at the end of the section he will see that no
party can locate the scrip except on lands subject
to private entry, as the section was originally
drawn.
Mr. COLLAMER. What more do you want?
Why put in those words " subject to private en-
try" again ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not see how the land
can be apportioned under this bill before it is lo-
cated. it seems to me that this section is lather
inconsistent with itself. It provides, in the com-
mencement of the section, that certain lands shall
be apportioned to the several States, and it pro-
vides, in the latter part of the section, that no State
shall locate any land, but requires that the States
shall sell scrip, and that those holding the scrip
shall locate it, but limiting the locutions to lands
subject to private entry. Now, if there is any
meaning in the part of the section which I pro-
pose to amend, I wish to limit it to the same lands
upon which the scrip may be located.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me that the
phrase " subject to private entry,"if it is already
there, should be stricken out. Instead of more
being pi^t in, that should be stricken out. We
ought to have the right to locate these lands any-
where that a man has a right to go and locate for
himself, and that he may do wherever the public
domain has been surveyed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly the Senator from
Vermont does not desire that the holders of this
scrip should have a right to locate it on lands cov-
ered by preemption rights.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not on preemption rights
already located.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The preemptor has a cer-
tain time to make his location; but it would not
be desirable, I am sure, on the part of the Sena-
tor from Vermont or any other Senator, to allow
