160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
31th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Confiscation—Emancipation—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
pt>t hole"is intended to represent the mind of the
man of the "single idea;" the " pebble" the " sin-
gle idea." The single idea grows smaller and the
mind grows larger every year. Now,lookatthis.
The pot hole is worn 111 the solid roclc by a single
pebble kept in motion by the water. Day after
aay the water falls incessantly on the pebble, and
the pebble strikes persistently on the one place on
the rock, until at length the indentation is made;
attrition begins and continues until into that solid
rock the pebble makes its way, and does the very
work and service the God of nature appointed it
to do.
' How exceedingly apt an illustration have we
here of the mighty power there is in'a single idea,
if there be in it a grain of truth even, much more
if it is all truth, well and persistently used to ex-
tirpate the evil it is designed to reach. I suggest
.to the gentleman that influence, as a power, docs
not consist so much in the number of ideas which
a man has, as it does from the nature of the ideas
themselves. The one idea of one man may be of
vastly more power and vastly greater influence
than the twenty ideas of another man, and by it
a vast deal more of evil or good may be effected.
How was it with Ignatius Loyola, who planted
himself in his institute of Jesuitism in the heart
of the Catholic Church, permeated that whole
vast body, and influenced the counsels, the legis-
lation, the acts of the civilized world? The learned
Isaac Taylor says of him:
" ft was the task of Loyola to forge upon many hundred
■minds lite Idea of the soclcly; and in the execution ot'tlils
lawk, lur more tlian in the compilation of its code, he dis-
played a potver anil a unity of purpose surpassed by few of
the achievements of either philosophers 01 legislator."
Richard Chcvenix Trench, who is thought to be
one of the profoundest and most learned thinkers
of this or any age, says:
11 Certainly there is nothing in the study of the past which
tills Que with more awe and wonder than the infinite sig-
nificance of a single man."
True, the history of the world shows how great
events,whole epochs, have hung or hinged on some
single man-—some Luther or Cromwell. Sir, I
will bo hound to say , it was one idealism which
made these men infinite. It was a single but com-
prehensive masterly idea, using these men as le-
vers that moved the masses, moved the world,
moved the ages, and is moving us to-day, carry-
ing ua onward, straight onward, over every ob-
stacle to the temple of liberty, the doors of which
'•thinking bayonets" will now throw wide open,
and keep open until the men of this country, of
whatever color or language—it matters not—shall
enter in. It is to the temple of liberty
" Mou of thought—men of action-
Clear the way!''
But, Mr. Speaker, wide apart as the gentleman
and myself may be on the question at issue, I
think he will admit that it does require the unity
ant} concentration of a single idea to bore the bony
shells in which the minds of some men are en-
cased. And many are the instances, alas! when
you have reached these minds that you have your
labor only for your pains, for you find there no
moral pot hole in which to lodge the smallest pebble
of truth; but the hole is quite the reverse of moral,
m which the truth falls as a pebble dropped into
the Dead Sea, where all is dead, and where there
is so much corruption that nothing remains to you
but despairful forebodings.
In this national crisis, what we want is " that
rare courage which dares commit itself to princi-
ple,believing that nature is its ally and will create
the instruments which it requires, and rno.-e than
make good any petty and injurious pro/it which
it may disturb." The salvation of the country
depends upon its having this want supplied. Such
courage here would give to the people what they
ask for, a confiscation and liberation bill.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, 1 take this oppor-
tunity to remark that, since I have been upon the
floor of this House, I have observed that there is
no better abused qIjss of men than the abolition-
ists. I take occasion to say that, in the extracts
which I have read this evening from the speeches
of Abraham Lincoln, we have abolitionism as I
understand it.
Mr, W1CKLIFFE. Docs thegentlemancharge
the President with being an abolitionist?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Do I charge him with be-
ing an abolitionist? I charge him with the aboli-
tionism avowed by the sentiments which he has
uttered, and which utterances I have read to-night;
and I declare them to be sufficient abolitionism
forme. When gentlemen on the other side of the
House charge me with being an abolitionist, I
wish them to understand that I am no more of an
abolitionist than Abraham Lincoln's sentiments
in the matter of slavery sustain me in being. If
he is an abolitionist by uttering these sentiments,
then so am I.
I say, sir, such were the abolition sentiments
which were uttered so long ago as 1835, and from
those sentiments the abolitionists have never de-
parted, except thps£ who are called Garrison
abolitionists. ifimeVM not permit'me to sub-
stantiate the tmth of t'his remark by reading the
paper I have l«for^me, and which 1 expect to
put intorny speech1.' And suchjs the abolitionism
which I would thank gentlemen to charge me with
when they state that I am an unconstitutional
abolitionist.
To the Public.
In bohalt of the American Anti Slavery Society, we so-
licit the candid attention of the pubiic to the lollowingdec-
laiation of our principles and objccts. Were tiie charges
which are brought against us made only by individuals who
art1 interested in the"continuance of slavery, and by such
ass are influenced solely by unworthy motives, thisaddie.-«s
would be unnecessary; but there are those wiio merit and
possess our esteem, who would not voluntaiilvdo us injus-
tice, and who have been led by <jioss nnsrepicremations
to believe that we are puismng measures at vaiiance not
only with the enris-titutional rights of the South, but with
the precepts of humanity and leiigion. To such we offer
the lollowuigexplanations and assurances:
1. We hold that Congicss has no more light to abolish
^favory fa the southern States than in the French West
India Islands. Of course, wedesne no national legislation
on the subject.
2. We hold that slavery can only he lawfully abolished
by the Legislatuies of the seveiai States in which it pre-
vails, and that the exercise of any other than moral influ-
ence to induco such abolition is unconstitutional.
3. We believethatCongress hasthesame riglntoabolish
slaveiy in the Distnct of Columbia that the Suite Govern-
ments have within their lespcctive junsdietions, and that
it is their duty to cfface so foul a blot from the "national
cscutcheon.
4. We believe that American citizens have the right to
express ami publish then opinions of the constitution, laws,
and institutions of any and every State and nation under
Heaven; and we mean never to suirender the liberty of
speech, of the press, or of conscience, blessings we liave
inhented from our fathers, and which we intend, so far as
we are able, to transmit unimpaired to our children,
5. We have unilbrmlydeprecated all forcible attempts on
the part of the slaves to leeover theii hbeny. And wore it
in our power to address them, \v<; would exhoit them to
observe a quiet and peaceful demeanor, and would a j>me
thenithat nom-inreononaiy movement on then paitwould
rrerivu ij i> u u , ihc slightest aid or countenance.
G. Wo would deplore anysctvile insunection, both on
aeoount of the calamities which would attend it, and on
account of the occasion winch itmlglufuiiushof luciea&ed
seventy and oppression.
7. Wo aic charged with sending incendiary publications
to the South Jf by the teim incendiary is meant publica-
tions containing arguments and facts to provesl.wery to be
a moial and political evil, and that duty and policy require
its immediate abolition, the charge is tiue. But ii this term
is u&ed to imply publications encouraging insurrection, and
designed to excite the slaves to break their fettcrJ, the
charge is utterly and unequivocally false. We beg our fel-
low-citizens to* notice that this charge is made without
proof, and by man> who confess that they have never read
our publications, and that those who make it offer to the
public no evidence from our wiitings in support of it.
8. We are accused of sending our publications to the
slaves, and it is aborted that their tendency is to excite in-
surrection. Both the charges are false. These publications
ate not intended for the skives, and were they able to read
them they would find m them 110 encouragement to insur-
rection
9. Weareaccusedofcmploylngagcnts in the slave Stales
to distribute our publications. We have never had one
such agent. We have scut no packages of our papeis to any
person in those States for distribution, except to five re-
spectable resident citizens at their own request But we
have sent by mail single papers addressed to public officers,
editors of newspapois, clergymen, and others. If, therefore,
our object is to excite the slaves to insurrection, the mas-
ters are our agents!
JO. We believe slavery to bu sinful, to be injurious to this
and to every other country in which it prevails; we believe
immediate emancipation to be the duty ofevery slaveholder
and that the immediate abolition of slavery by those who
have tbo light to abolish it would be safe and wise. These
opinions we have freely expressed, and we ceitainly have
no intention to refiatn from expressing them m futuie. and
urging them upon the consciences and hearts of our fellow-
citizens who hold slaves or apologize foi slavery.
II. We believe tliatthe education of the pooris required
by duty, and by a regard for the permancney of our letnib-
Jican institutions. There are thousands and tens of thou-
sands of our {ellow-citizens, even in the free States, sunk
111 abject poverty, and who, on account of their complex-
ion, are virtually kept in ignorance, and whose insttuetion
m ccitaiu eases is actually prohibited bylaw! Wc are
anxious to protect the rights and to promote the virtuo&nd
happiness of the colored portion of our population, and on
this account wc have b«en charged with a design to en-
courage intermarriages between the whites and blacks.
This chaige has been repeatedly, and is now again denied;
while we repeat that the tendency of our sentiments is to
put an end to the criminal amalgamation that prevails
wherever slavery exists.
12. We are accused of acts that tend to a dissolution of
the Union, and even of wishing to dissolve it. We have
never "calculated the value of the Union," because we
believe it to be inestimable, and that the abolition of sla-
very will remove the chief danger of its dissolution; and
one of the many reasons why weehe i«h and will endeavor
to preserve the Constitution is, that it restrains Congress
from making any law abridging the freedom of speech or
of the press."
Such, fellow-citizens, are our principles. Are they un-
worthy of Republicans and of Christians I Or are they in
truth so atrocious, that in order to prevent their diffusion,
you are yourselves willing to surrender, at the dictation of
othei*, the invaluable privilege of free discussion, the very
buthrigin of Americans? Will you. in order that the abom-
inations of slavery maybe concealed from public view, and
that the capital of your llepubiie may continue to be, as
it now is, under the sanction of Congiess, the great slave
mart of the American continent, consent that the General
Government, in acknowledged defiance of the Constitution
and laws, shall appoint throughout the length and breadth
of your land ten thousand censors of the piess, each of
whom shall have the right to inspect every document you
nmy commit to the post office, and to suppress every pam-
phlet and newspaper, whether lehsious or political, which,
111 his sovereign pleasure, he may adjudge to contain aa
incendiary article ? Surely wo need not remind you that,
if you submit to such an encioachment on your liberties,
the days of our Republic are numbered, and that although
abolitionists may be the first, tiiey will not be the last vic-
tims offered at the shrine of arbitiarv power.
ARTHUR TAPPAN, President.
JOHN RANKIN, Treasurer.
WILLIAM JAY,
Secretary Foreign Correspondence.
ELIZUR WRIGHT, Jr.,
Secretary DomcUic Correspondence.
ABRAHAM L. COX, M. D.,
Recording Secretary.
LEWrS TAPPAN,
JOSHUA A, LEAViTT,
SAMUEL E. CORNISH,
SIMEON S. JOCELYN,
THEODORE S. WRIGHT,
Members of the Executive Committee.
New York, September 3, 1835.
All honor to those noble men and their com-
peers, William Lloyd Garrison notcxcepted, who
more than a quarter of a century since had the
Pauline boldness not to take counscl of men, but
of truth, and who in their property and persons
took the consequences in the outrages to which
they were subjected for the sake of the poor slave
and the rights of American citizens, white men
as well. They have lived to see that " he who
has God on his side, is always in the majority."
Wc learned the lesson at their feet, and from their
success to rely upon the merits of our cause and
upon God, who to the right will give the victory.
I hope that the bills now under consideration
will be passed by this Thirty-Seventh Congress.
CONFISCATION—EMANCIPATION.
SPEECH OF W. S. I-IOLMAN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
JVmj 23, 1862.
The House having under consideiation the confiscation
and emancipation bills-
Mr. HOLMAN said:
Mi-.Speaker: " Neverdespairof the Republic"
was the noble maxim of ancient liberty which in-
spired a free people with irresistible courage and
gave them the empire of the world. The Ameri-
can people, ill a more enlightened age, beaiing a
greater commission and more responsible to the
world of mankind, may learn from it a lesson of
fortitude and wisdom. The weakness of a Re-
public is found in the vascillations and division of
public council in the presence of danger, when
fortitude is necessary to safety. So auspicious
was the beginning of our Republic, so fortunate in
its progress and development, that it has attained
even in its infancy a position of unexampled great-
ness by the natural and inherent force of its insti-
tutions; and now, after generations of uninter-
rupted prosperity, with the wisdom of its form of
Government unquestioned, meeting the first great
vicissitude to which nations and "especially Re-
publics are exposed, the fortitude, courage, and
constancy of its people nre subjected to the judg-
ment of experience. Shall we pass the ordeal in
