1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
entertained by those who were opposed to him;
and therefore I will read again, though I have re-
ferred to it before, an extract from Mr. Seward's
dispatch to Mr. Adams, under date of 10th April,
1861, forty days after this letter was written.
Says the Secretary of State:
" For these reasons, he [the President] would not bo dis-
posed to reject a caidinal dogma of theiis, namely, that the
Federal Government could not reduce the seceding States
to ODedience by conquest, even although he were disposed
to quc&tion that proposition. Bui, in fact, the Piesldem
willingly accepts it as true. Only an imperial or despotic
Government could subjugate thoroughly disaffected and in-
surrectional y members of the State. This Federal republi-
can system of ouis is, of all forms of Government, the icry
one uhich is most unfitted for such a labor. Happily, how-
ever. this is only an imaginary defect. The system has
withm itself adequate, peaceful, conservative, and recuper-
ative forces. Fnmness on the part of the Government in
maintaining and preserving the public institutions and prop-
erty 3 and in executing the laws where authority can be ex-
ercised without xvaging u-ar, combined with such measures
of justice, moderation, and forbeaiance as will disarm rea-
soning opposition, will be sufficient to secure the public
safety until ictuining reflection, concurring with the tcarlul
expeuence of social evils, the inevitable fruio ot faction,
shall bring the recusant members chcerfully back into the
family, which, after all, must prove their be.->t and happiest,
as it undeniably is their most natuial home."
He then goes 011 to speak of the Constitution of
the United States providing a mode 111 which these
States may be restored to the Union by the action
of a national convention, " in which the organic
law can, if needful, be revised so as to remove all
obstacles to a reunion so suitable to the habits of
the people and so eminently conducive to the com-
mon safety and welfare." Did the President of
the United States, when that missive was written,
which represents his sentiments as well as those
of the Secretary of State, believe that war existed,
or that war was imminent? If not, why impute to
the honorable Senator from Indiana a view of the
condition of the countiy not entei tamed by them ?
Why impute to him, for the purpose of conviction
in this ease, a prophetic knowledge which-neither
the President nor the public at large possessed in
reference to the issue of the struggle which had
then commenced? Sir, it was a political revolution
which had commenced; but neither the general
opinion of the community, nor the opinion of the
then or of the present Administration , was that it
would eventuate in war. Is not the intent of the
honorable Senator from Indiana as to the subject
on which he gave this recommendation to be in-
ferred from the general belief entertained by him,
in common with others, that the curse of war
would not fall upon our country; that whatever
other issue might come, at least we should be
saved from the horror of civil war? And if that
was his belief, how irrational is it to draw the in-
ference, from a mere letter of introduction, that he
intended to recommend a fire-arm with a view to
resistance to the Federal Government, and the ad-
vancement and promotion of the objects of its ene-
mies, foreign or domestic. It is impossible for any
man, unless he believes that the honorable Sen-
ator, at that time, entertained the opinion that war
existed or would come, to infer from his letter that
his object was to aid and promote the cause of
revolt against the Federal Government; and if lie
intended not that, if he intended not to give aid
and comfort to the enemies of the Federal Gov-
ernment, call the letter indiscreet, if you will, but
where or 111 what else consists the evidence of dis-
loyalty, much less of treason?
I have read every speech made in this debate,
not having been able to hear all of them; but it is
not my purpose to answer the arguments which
have been adduced by various Senators. To the
argumentof the honorable Senatorfrom "Wiscon-
sin, who addressed the Senate yesterday, [Mr.
Doolittle,] 1 have a short reply to make. I ad-
mit that lie treated this case with entire frankness;
that his argument was confined to the charge be-
fore us; was able, though, I think, somewhat
exaggerated in language, and erroneous, beyond
all question, 111 the inferences that he drew. His
argument was based upon this idea: that no man
of common leason supposed that this Government
could be subverted without resistance by war. I
give, not the particular language, but the sub-
stance of his argument.
Mr. President, I agree with that position of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin; but was that
the condition of tilings? Would this Govern-
ment have been subverted; would it now be sub-
verted, if its territorial jurisdiction was less ex-
tensive than it was before these unhappy troubles
commenced? Were we not a Government and a
Union before Texas was admitted or California
acquired? Were we not a Government and a
Union before Florida was acquired? Were we
not a Government and a Union before Louisiana
was acquired? How then can I be told that this
Government is destroyed and subverted because
certain separate communities composing a section
of the country choose to absolve themselves from
its jurisdiction, and to deny that they will longer
live under a common Government with us? At
the time, and subsequently to the time, this letter
was written, their commissioners were here for
the purpose of treating for a peaceful separation
from the Union, and remained in this capital un-
molested. Was such a fact possible if war had
been deemed to exist, or was even considered prob-
able then? It may be said, and has been said,
that to admit the peaceable separation of those
States would be an acknowledgment of the right
of secession. Not so, Mr. President. The right of
secession could not be admitted consistently with
the existence of the Government; but a greater
principle lies beyond it. When communities ex-
ist, as the States of this Union do, without refer-
ence to the question of State rights, as separate
communities of people, if it enters the hearts of
the people of a large section of country, and the
masses determine that they will no longer live un-
der a common government, it is not conspiracy;
it is the revolt of a nation. You can meet it by
war, or by accepting the revolution which they
have commenced. No one doubts that the right
rests with Congress to decide on that point; that
they have the unquestionable right to force those
States back by war and subjugation into theUnion,
if they believe that the great interests of the coun-
try require it, and the future welfare and prosper-
ity of the people, and that the result can be achieved
by war; but if they have that right, they have also
I the right, if they deem that the interests and wel-
! fare of the country require a different course, to
declare to a discontented people, consisting of
varied political communities connected together
and contiguous, and no longer willing to live un-
der a common government with us, that we de-
cide, as a matter of wisdom and policy, to let them
part from us in peace. In such a case, it is a ques-
tion of dominion, and not of the subversion of the
Government.
But, Mr. President, the argument of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin omitted another
alternative altogether. He says no man could
rationally believe that a subveision of the Gov-
ernment (which lie presumed must ensue from the
separation of a portion of the States from the
Union, though I do not,) could possibly take place
without war; but he does not look to the belief cn-
tci tained by the President and by the Secretary of
State forty days after this letter was written, that
there was another alternative, and that though
revolution had commenced, it might be stayed and
the Union preserved by conciliation and compro-
mise. Conciliation anu the means of adjustment,
a national convention, was the doctrine of the
President, as given to us by the Secretary of State,
under date of April 10, 18(11. Let me read a fur-
ther extract from his instructions to Mr Adams
of that date:
'■ You wiil indulge in no expressions of harshness or dis-
respect, or even i uip<itieucc, coneet mngtlie seceding States,
then' agents, or their people. lint yon will, on the contrliiy,
all tbe while remember that those States are now, as they
always licietofore have licen, and, notwithstanding their
tempoiaiy scl!'-d< lu=lon, they must ahvajs continue to be,
crpnl and honored members of this Fedeial Union, and that
their citizens throughout all political misunderstandings
and alienations, still aie, and alwayf imi^t be, our kindled
and our countiy men."
Is such language applicable to a state of war ?
Docs such language refer to a condition of affairs
which required my honoiable friend from Indiana
to abandon all intercourse with Ills deluded fel-
low-countrymen in these confederate States? And^
yet it is the language used bv your Secretary of
State, as representing the sentiments of the Pres-
ident of the United States, forty days after this
letter was written.
Mr. President, the guilty intention which alone
constitutes the misconduct charged against the
honoiable Senator from Indiana, that he wrote
this letter to aid, assist, or abet, or whatever tech-
nical terms you prefer, or, if yon please, to ad-
vance the interests of the confederate States, is,
in my judgment, utterly rebutted by the view taken
of the state of affairs forty days afterwards by the
President and Secretary of State. War did not
then exist; war was not by them believed to ex-
ist. Yet (luring the recess of Congress, who but
the Executive of this nation has the authority to
judge and determine on the state and condition of
the country in regard to the existence of war?
The intercourse, as you well know, was entirely
uninterrupted. On what principle, then, of reason
or justice can it be contended, when the mind of
the public generally at that day, and the mind of
the President of the United States and his Secre-
tary of State, both intelligent men, at a much later
day, did not believe that the political revolution
which had commenced would issue in war, that
my friend from Indiana is to be assumed guilty
of an intention to aid the new confederacy in a
war which neither he nor the people generally
then believed would take place ? Sir," no rational
inference of guilty intent can he drawn under such
circumstances. The intent mustbe inferred from
the belief of the writer at the time the letter was
written, and not assumed from the subsequent con-
dition of affairs.
I know, sir, it is very difficult for men to carry
their minds back to the tone of sentiment and belief
which existed nine months ago; but 1 should sup-
pose that in the Senate of the United States, acting
on a judicial question which involves the punish-
ment of a brother member, the effort would be
made to regard the intent of the writer as derived
from the relations subsisting at the time the letter
was written, between the people of the United
States and those of the confederate States,and not
from the very different relations which have ex-
isted since hostilities commenced. The honorable
Senatorfrom Indiana has told you, in the most
express terms, that after the proclamation of the
President—after the evidence that war existed, or
his belief that war would ensue, lie would have
addressed neither the letter in question nor any
letter to the president of the confederate States.
But, sir, this was a mere letter of introduction;
and in writing such a letter the writer regards
mainly his relations to the pai ty who requests it.
I speak now to men's general knowledge. It is
true that I labor under the misfortune that most
of those who are to vote on this occasion are un-
willing to listen to my views; their minds are made
up; but it none the less is true that the views I
have submitted may reach the common sense of
justice of my countrymen, though they may be
unheard within these walls, I say that the mind
of the writer of a letter of introduction rarely
dwells on anything but his relation to the person
who requests it. If those relations are friendly it
is never lefused. The object is almost universally
slated, whether of business or of pleasure; but the
thoughtof the writer seldom, if ever, reflects upon
the object where it is given to one with whom he
stands in friendly relations. Every one knows
this by his own experience; and yet judgment is
to be pronounced here on a mere letter of intro-
duction, imputing an intention which never could
have entered into the mind of the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana. In this case there is evidence
of that, because ho does not recommend the im-
provement; he does not profess the slightest
knowledge of the fact whether it is or is not an
improvement; he merely says that Mr. Lincoln
considers it a great improvement. If the intent
had been to give aid and comfort by affording to
the president of the confederate States, then in re-
•bellion against the United States, a weapon of war
which would be formidable if war ensued, the
writer of the letter would have informed himself
as to the character of the invention, and would
have expressed his opinion upon it. A recom-
mendation without knowledge of the value of the
alleged improvement might be an injury instead
of a'benefit, and Lincoln was neither an inventor
or a man of scicncc. He recommends his friend,
to get rid, perhaps, of importunity, without the
slightest reflection on the object; for the state of
the country did not, lead him to imagine that war
between the confedeiate States and the United
States was existing or likely to exist. The ques-
tion being one of intent, can it rationally be in-
ferred from this letter, written under such circum-
stances, that the author intended to aid, promote,
or advance the interests of the revolted States by
recommending to them a means of warlike resist-
ance against the United States? Can any man
II read the letter with reference to the condition ol
