1862.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation—Emancipation—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
safety ? Shall our policy, based on the experience
of the past and the dictates of reason, remain firm
and unshaken, or shall it waver with every change
of fortune ?
1 lie admirable adjustment of the political pow-
ers of this nation under its wise Constitution has
been the source of its greatness. One nation, but
many States; a people eminently free, yet with
such a unity of power as to give to their Govern-
ment stability and strength—a wonderful adjust-
ment of political elements; a Constitution, the off-
spring of the wisest statesmanship, the ripest
experience, the purest patriotism thathasadorned
the pages of history. So wonderfully has it ad-
justed thcbalnnces of political powerthatlhe Gov-
ernmenthas been compared to the fabled mountain
of granite hewed out by the Druids, which the fin-
ger of a child might rock, but which the combined
force of armies could not remove from its base.
While the Federal power might not impair the
domestic and limited sovereignty of the States, it
was still, in the judgment of its founders, who
reared it on the ruins of war, and of the genera-
tions who in peace watched the development of its
stiength, armed with ample powers to defend it-
self against every enemy at home or abroad; a
Government too weak to enslave its people, yet
too strong to be readily overthrown.
The Government of the United States is the
oldest Government established by a written con-
stitution, creating and limiting all delegated pow-
ers and securing their observance by the solemn
sanctity of an oath. The Constitution of the
United States is the first charter by which a per-
manent Government has been established. Al-
most the whole of the new hemisphere is covered
by nations where the strongholds of liberty are
constitutional limitations. They have, in the main,
failed in their development. But the Constitution
of the United States is the model of them all. Its
mastery over the nation is the seciet source of our
wonderful progress. It is said by the great his-
torian of this age, " that, on the discovery of the
New World, a legend was widely diffused through-
out the Old, that it concealed a fountain whose
ever-flowing waters reanimated age and restored
it to its prime. The legend,"says the historian,
" was true; but the youth to be renewed was the
youth of society, the life to bloom afresh was the
life of the race." The renovating principle was
the liberty that springs from limitations on politi-
cal power. Polrtical society was to be organized
on a new foundation. The new life of the race
was that inexhaustible fountain of freedom—a
Government where political power is hedged in
by impassable barriers; the freedom that springs
up where the boundaries of Govcrnmentarc fixed,
where its agents of secret encroachment are fet-
tered. The Constitution of the United States lias,
indeed, been the regenerator of the race. Is it
wise to impair the public faith in its sufficiency
and stiength ? Until the present, the sufficiency
of that Constitution to meet every emergency in
peace and in war has never been called in ques-
tion. It has made a great nation. It has success-
fully resisted its foreign enemies. Against in-
ternal enemies it has enrolled a great Army of
citizen soldiers, who only ask time to restore its
authority. A general spirit of infidelity can only
question its sufficiency to lead the nation back
trom the havoc of war to the blessed shelter of
peace.
But, sir, with an Army of half a million of citi-
zen soldiers in the field, summoned by the Con-
stitution to defend itagainsta treacherous enemy,
who are steadily driving that enemy from his
strongholds and restoring the authority of the
Government, it is announced that the assumption
of new and doubtful powers is demanded by the
public safety. Sir, is it wise at this time to divide
public opinion by new questions of constitutional
power ? Will jarring factions give strength to the
sinews of wai"? In the first hour of your peril the
instinctive wisdom of the nation, trampling on the
selfishness of party and the pride of opinion, pre-
sented to the country the single issue whether the
Constitution of the Republicshould be maintained
or be permitted to perish under the assaults of trea-
son. With this issue no man could doubt the
ultimate result. The motive was irresistible. It
appealed to the loyalty and aroused the energy
of every citizen. It spoke to his judgment and
reason and not to his prejudice or passion, and
with a moderation without a precedent, and a
unanimity without a parallel, the nation resolved
to wage the war for the Constitution in no spirit
of mere resentment,. but to restore its guarantees
and reestablish its authority. Was this wise?
Let the triumphs of your arms tell. But,sir, new
issues loom up darkly in the political horizon, and
the nation is compelled to meet the question, shall
the Constitution be overthrown in the struggle to
maintain it?
The Constitution was designed for every emer-
gency. It was not the result of resentment or
passion, but of moderation and counsel. If we
would interpret it aright, we must rise above the
storms of passion and resentment. This rebel-
lion is so out of the course of nature, so infamously
wicked, that, in the resentment of the moment, we
would trample on every restraint and crush down
eveiy barrier to inflict vengeance on the authors
of the crime. But, sir, the sanctity of the Consti-
tution, the interestsofthegencrations that are com-
ing, and the cause of constitutional liberty, de-
mand moderation and prudence. Wedo not wage
this war to destroy but to reestablish; notto over-
throw but to restore; not for vengeance, or con-
quest, or subjugation, but to restoie the Union
under the old safeguards of the Constitution—a
debt which this generation owes to the past and
the future. Every State is still a member of the
political household,and the Constitution still over-
shadows all " like the hand of God invei ted above
them." Treason cannot limit its power, unless
it successfully maintain itself by the violence of
war. Up to this moment, the triumphs of the Con-
stitution have been uninterrupted. Can your new
theories, at best, accomplish anymore? In my
very soul I abhor this treason. I find for it no
word of extenuation. The interests of human
nature demand that i t shall be crushed; but,in my
judgment, the powers of the Constitution are am-
ple for punishment of the ciime. In the eagei-
ness to subdue this rebellion, let us not overlook
the demands of policy and justice. " Strike, but
hear me," is an old maxim. You may justly de-
prive the traitor of his " life, liberty, or property,"
but you must do it by " due process of law." The
criminal, if even charged with the crime of trea-
son, is entitled to be heard. 1 would confiscate
the rebel's property, but 1 would confiscate it by
legal process. Youi army in the field should re-
spect neither the life or the piupcity of the armed
traitor. But the object of the war " is to restore
the Union." Will extreme measures, beyond the
necessity of military force, aid us? Or, with the
triumph of our arms, will not the security of con-
stitutional protection beapowerful motive to peace,
inducing the deluded traitor to fl e to it for shel-
ter? So much for the general act for confiscation.
But what of the other bill for the liberation of
persons held to service under the reserved powcis
of the States? Where does Congress get this
power? Sir, shall a great people, struggling with
giant strength to uphold constitutional liberty,
blinded by agony and seduced by passion, become
themselves unfaithful to the Constitution and
smite it down? Gentlemen say that a State that
has voluntarily left the Union is not shielded by
the Constitution. I deny that any State can re-
lease herself from the Union. I will not recognize
such right by inflicting; civil penalties unknown
to the Constitution. I will go as far as that in-
strument permits, and no further. This bill arro-
gates to Congress n power which the Constitution
has expressly denied, which Congress and every
department of the Government have denied. 1
cannot give it my support. Gentlemen say these
are war measures authorized by the war-making
powers ofCongress. Does war enlarge the powers
of Congress? Your Army is in the field to uphold
the authority of the Constitution and to enforce
the laws. Does this increase your powers? No,
sir; but one statesman ever even suggested the
idea. The Constitution is the same in peace and
in war. In the midst of great public commotions
its limitations are of more impoitance than in
peace. If you recognize these States as out of the
Union, you can pass these laws. If they are in
the Union, the Constitution forbids it. The argu-
ment of necessity cannot prevail, for the Consti-
tution has not provided for the necessity. It has
not placed the military above the civil power.
But I have not proposed to discuss the constitu-
tional question. The arguments before the coun-
try arc unanswerable. The advocates of th^se
extreme measures would command more of the
public confidence if they assumed the high ground,
more than once advocated on this floor, that con-
stitutional limitations must yield to the necessity
of the times. The necessity may seem to be im-
perative; yet if you yield to that necessity, the
Constitution is overthrown.
But these measures, while they would inflict
summary vengeance on traitors, overlook the just
claims ot the loyal men of the disloyal States.
Does not every one know that a majority of the
rebel States were forced out of the Union against
the will of a ma jority of the people, as expressed
at the ballot-box, and that upon this loyal senti-
ment rests the only hope of restoring the Union?
And will not this general emancipation affect alike
the loyal citizen and the traitor? Let the willful
traitor suffer, but do not involve by your policy
in a comuum ruin the traitor nnd the loyal citizen
who has defied your enemies or only yielded be-
cause it was madness to resist.
I plant myself, sir, firmly upon the Constitu-
tion. Its powers, in my judgment, are sufficient
for any emergency. I question it for the authority
for these acts, and it is silent. I will not assume,
on any pretense, a power it has denied. Its pro-
visions may seem to be insufficient. The public
safety may seem to require the cxercisc of a power
it has not granted. Yet I woufd rather abide by
its matured wisdom, even against an urgent de-
mand of public policy, than by yielding to the
demands of the hour grope in darkness and un-
certainty for new principles of government amidst
the wild chimeras and bewildering speculations
which lie beyond the limits of its unerring light.
If these acts are necessary to the public safety, let
the Constitution itself be changed under its own
provisions; but I deny the necessity. I am no
apologist fur slavei y. I know of no argument in
its favor. If the abolition of slavery was within
your power, and would contiibute to restore and
give stability to the Government without adding
to the inhumanity of war or affecting recognized
lights of loyal citizens, I would give the approval
of my whole heart and judgment to the emancipa-
tion and colonization ot every slave of every rebel
master. But while the Government maintains its
piesent position, the only one it can maintain with
safety—that the Constitution is still supreme and
embraces every State—I cannot and will not con-
sent to an act in defiance of its authority. I have,
sir, ever denied the right of sccessfon; in my judg-
ment, South Carolina and the other States are
States of the Union, and the Constitution is still
the same over all.
k But, sir, independent of the constitutional ob-
jection, would this effort at emancipation bo wise
as a measure of policy? Would it promote the
interests of mankind? Has not the recent ad-
vance of your Army established the fact that far
beyond the loyal border Slates, in the very heart
of the rebellion, theie is an ardent devotion to the
Union; that when your flag was unfurled, even in
the remote regions of Alabama, the young men
gatheied around it, and the old men shed tears of
joy at beholding again the old flag of their fathers?
The rebellion was produced by the dishonest pre-
tense that our Government was preparing to abol-
ish slavery, and this act of power would confirm
the falsehood and alienate from us almost every
man in the South. It would destroy the hopes
of restoring the Union, and of building up again
on the loyal sentiment of the South the old fra-
ternal relations. This would become not a war
for the Union, but a war of subjugation, i pro-
test against this, sir, while th^re is the shadow of
a hope that the Union can be restored. I believe
it to bo the ardent wish and purpose of conser-
vative and loyal men everywhere to subdue the
rebellion, and restore the Union under the old
Constitution, without modification orchange; and
that when Providence shall have given such suc-
cess to our arms as that the power of the Govern-
ment cannot be questioned, we should, in a spirit
of noble magnanimity, hold out the olive branch
of peace and reconciliation, not to the arch-trai-
tors—let them suffer the penalty of their infamous
crimes—but to the deluded masses. Such a spirit,
sir, may reunite the nation and restore again our
