1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
the fixing of severe but not unjust or excessive
penalties for the violation of the law, for which
violation no penalties now exist; and thus it pro-
tects the Post Office Department against abuses.
The oilier material change consists in the affix-
ins; the fiank by a slump where the documents
pass through the folding-room, and by a sworn
officer, attaching a severe penalty to any abuse or
violation of the law in the affixing that frank.
The name of each member is to be upon the
stamp, and the officer at the folding-room is to
affix it to his proportion of the documents or
speeches that may be ordered to be folded in that
room. And all other franking is required peremp- ,
torilyto be done by the member himself. All let- j
tors sent from here, or from home, and all public
documents not passing through the folding-room !
are to be franked by the member personally. It j
seems to mc this would have the effect of correct-
ing the great abuse which has grown up by mem-
bers employing clerks to frank their documents
and speeches.
There is no other new provision in the bill; and
inasmuch as this subject has been discussed very
fully during the last three years, unless it is the
desire of some member to speak further upon the
subject, I will call the previous question on the
engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his demand for the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will withdraw
the demand to hear what the gentleman from In-
diana has to say.
Mr. COLFAX. I simply wish to say, with-
out taking up the time of the House, that the
whole question of the frankingprivilege was, after
full discussion in the early part of the session,
disposed of, each member, as I suppose, under-
standing his own views and the views of his con-
stituents, by the passage of a bill, mure than two
to one voting for it, for the entire abolition of the
franking privilege. And I do not believe that the
House will now stultify itself by an attempt to
tinker up the old system. I do hot believe it is |
capable of being tinkered so as to correct the I
abuses which exist.
The bill of the gentleman from Ohio even en-
larges the franking privilege-by saving the mem-
ber the trouble of writing his name upon his
public documents and speeches.
I have only to say that I hope the House will
not reconsider its action previously taken, and
indicate, as the passage of this bill will indicate,
that it is in favor of the continuance and enlarge-
ment of this franking privilege.
I hope, if the proposition to abolish the frank-
ing privilege is to be defeated, we shall leave the
responsibility in the other end of the Capitol.
Having said this much in opposition to the bill,
1 will yield the floor to the gentleman from Ohio
to renew the demand for the previous question,
after which I will move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. COX. I wis.li to ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether the Post Office Department has
expressed any opinion as to the merits of this bill
or the merits of any bill upon this subject; in other
words, whether they are in favor of the abolition
of the franking privilege, and, if any expression
of opinion has been made, what are the reasons
given ?
Mi. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
from Ohio that the last two Postmasters General,
Mr. Campbell and Mr. Holt, were in favor of the
abolition of the fianking privilege. The present
Postmaster Geneial, I understand, is not in favor
of its abolition, but is in favor of its continuance.
Whatever reasons he may have for the position
taken by him have not been given in any official
form. "I have received from him a private letter
on the subject, which I do not feel at liberty to
read without his consent. I will, however, state
very frankly that he is not in favoi of the discon-
tinuance of the ftankinii privilege.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will oblige me by
giving the reasons why the Postmaster General
is not in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege. They may be sufficient to satisfy the
gentleman himself.
Mr. COLFAX. The only reasons given, of
which I have any knowledge", are contained in at)
unofficial letter, which I have not here, and which
1 should not feel at liberty to read without his
consent, if 1 had.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will only add
further that jt seems to me it will be well enough
to send this bill to the Senate, and have them to
determine between the two propositions. If the
franking privilege is abolished, this will do no
harm by its being sent to the Senate. But if it
is not to be abolished, then why not make pro-
vision for correcting the abuses which have been
perpetrated, and which have constituted the great
argument for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege ?
Mr. COLFAX. Allow me one word further.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state, in further con-
tinuation of my answer to the gentleman's col-
league, [Mr. Cox,] that the Committee on thePost
Office and Post Roads of the House of Represent-
atives were, with one exception, ill favor of the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman is
chairman of that committee, and has, I have no
doubt, powerful influence with it. I renew again
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand theyeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aidrieh, Alley, Arnold, Asliley, Joseph
liaiiy, Halter, Beamnn, Biiisrlmiu, Snmuel S. Blair, make,
Buffinton, Calvcit, Campbell, Ohamlieilm, Colfax, Fred-
erick A Colliding, Itoscoe Colliding. Delano, Dunn, lid-
wards, Eliot, Fessenden, Fianeliot, Frank, Grider, Hall,
Uanebett. Iiatri-,on, Ilolman, Ilutclims, Julian, Kelley,
Killinger,'Lansing, Lehman, Looims, AlcKnight, McPlier-
son, Monihead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Patton,
Poitei, Alexander El. Uicc, John II. ltice, Kiddie, Edwaul
II. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shclla-
baiger, Sloan, Spaulding, John li. Steele, Slratton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, nam, Tiowhridge, Van Horn, Van Valk-
enlmi sli,Veri'oe, Wall, Wallace, Wheeler, Wilson, VVindoin,
and Woree^tei—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Aneona, Baxter, Diddle, Francis
P. lJlair, Jacob 1). Illaii, William G. Brown, Casey. Clem-
ents, Cox. Clittenden, Dawes, Dnell, Dnnlap, Goodwin,
Gtanger, Hale, Il.nding, Iliekinan. Keirig.in, lvnapp, La-
zear,\Leaiv, Lov'joy, Malloiy, MenziCr-, Moms, Noble,
Noell. Noi'ton, Xu, Olin, Pendleton, James -S. Rollint,
Shiel' Smilh, William G. Steele, Vallandighain, Voorhees,
Wadswouii, E. P. Walton, Waul, YVasliburnc, Albeit
S. Willie, Chilton A. White, Wreklifle, Woodruff, and
Wright—18
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the vote,
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by his Private
Secretary, Mr. Hay.
The vot" was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE Of? POSTAGE STAMPS, ETC.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of an unfinished report from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
being House bill No. 21C, respecting the sale of
postage stamps and stamped envelopes.
Mr. COLFAX moved that the further consid-
eration of the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. VOORHEES, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a minority report in the case
of Samuel G. Daly against Sterling J. Morton,
that the former is not, and that the latter is, enti-
tled to a seat in the House as Delegate from Ne-
braska; which was laid upon the table, and Ordered
to be printed.
COUKT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. PORTER. I call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which House bill No. 226, to
amend all act to establish a court for the investi-
gation of claims against the United States, ap-
proved February 24, 1855, was recommitted to
the Committee on tile Judiciary; and as the bill
is an important one, I ask the Clerk to lead the
substitute proposed by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The substitute was read.
Mr. PORTER, then addressed the House 111
explanation of the provisions of the bill. [His
speech wiH be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. DIVEN. I desire to say a few words.
Mr. PORTER. I will yield to the gentleman
from New York if he will renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. DIVEN. I will.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I.wish to suggest
an amendment.
Mr. PORTER. I will hear it read for inform-
ation.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It may already have
been provided for in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
must be first disposed of before an amendment is
in order.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion to
recommit the bill, it was put, and decided in the
negative, and the bill was before the House for
consideration.
Mr. PORTER. I move the previous question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask that my amend-
ment may be read.
No objection being made, the amendment was
read, as follows:
At the end of the thirteenth section of the substitute, add
tile following:
Provided, however, That in order to authorize the said
court to render judgment in favor of any claimant, it shall
bo set foith in the petition, and he made to appear on trial,
that the claimant has at all times borne true allegiance to
the Government of the United States, and that lie has not
in any way voluntarily aided, abetted, or given encourage-
ment to rebellion against the said Government.
Mr. PORTER. I have no objection to the
reception of the amendment. I will now yield
the floor to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Speaker, I need not inform
the House, if tliey have paid any attention to this
bill, that it is an important one, and that it demands
the careful consideration of members before they
adopt so radical a change in the Government of
the country; for it is, I conceive, a most radical
change. The bill proposes to allow this nation to
be sued and brought into court like a corporation
or an individual, and judgment to be rendered
against it from which there is no appeal. In that
particular it is entirely novel, and has no parallel
in any country.
Mr. PORTER. Lest the House may misun-
derstand the facts from the remark made by the
gentleman from New York, I will state that m the
case of all claims exceeding three thousand dol-
lars, there is an appeal from this court to the Su-
preme Court of the United States by either party.
Mr. DIVEN. Certainly there is, and that is
one of my objections to the bill. The bill allows
an appeal to the Supreme Court upon questions
of law, thus making the adjustment of claims be-
tween citizens and the Government a legal trial,
to be tried in a court as claims between individ-
uals or between corporations and individuals are
tried, reducing the Government to the position of
a mere corporation,and making it suable in courts.
Now, sir, I am not opposed to aCourt of Claims.
I admit its necessity. I admit, not only its neces-
sity, but its great convenience and propriety, and
I submit that we have an admirable system for
adjusting claims now furnished in the Court of
Claims as it at present exists. If Congress has
not paid proper respect to the decisions of this
court, and acted with sufficient promptitude upon
them, that is no reason for asserting that the sys-
tem is wrong. I submit that the systsm is emi-
nently right. If there arc not judges enough to
discharge the duties of the court, and if claimants
cannot have as speedy a hearing as they are en-
titled to, increase the number of judges to any
convenient extent. I am in favor of giving all
claimants against the Government a speedy and
timely hearing, and I cannot conceive of a court
move admirably adapted to the purpose than the
one we "have now provided for. Any man can go
before that court and make his claim. Any claim
that is presented to this Congress can be referred
to that court. It is proper, when a claim is pre-
sented here, that it should first go to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and that they should examine it to
determine whether there is sufficient in it to send
it to the Court of Claims. If it be a clear case,
admitting of no question, they ought not to trouble
the court with it, but report it to the House, and
the House should pass it, as we have done in this
i Congress time and again. The court ought not
j to be troubled with those eases about which there
I is no question. But if the Committee of Claims,
