1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2631
this scrip to be located upon any other land than
such as a man could purchase with his money.
You can purchase any land which has been offered
for sale, where it does notinterfere with the rights
of a proemptor; but if you were to strike out this
clause " subject to private entry," it would au-
thorize you to locate this scrip upon lands which
preemptors would have a right to claim.
Mr. COLLAMER.. 1 think the scrip should
take any land that any man can settle upon if he
pleases. Ifl understanditaright, wearealtogether
at odds and ends; we are talking in the dark; we
are misapprehending each other. The truth is,
there are great bodies of land which are subject to
be preempted, which are notsubjectto be bought.
There are in the State of Minnesota to-day mil-
lions of acres actually preempted which are not
subject to purchase, that nobody can buy with
money; it is land not open to private entry in the
meaning thata man can go and buy it with money,
because it has never been proclaimed for sale. A
man cannot by going here to the Department or
by making an entry with a register and paying
his money, obtain a title to land until it has been
surveyed; but he can preempt, and a great deal
has been preempted in Minnesota that has never
been offered at public sale. Indeed, when some
of it was offered, it was withdrawn in consequence
of their entreaties. The settlers have preempted
on it and are in possession of it; they have aright
to it; but are not to pay for it until it is offered for
sale; they have not paid for it, and now under the
homestead law they are never to pay for it. They
will take it under that law, and hold it and have
a right to hold it. Now, what I want is that the
holders of this scrip shall have a right to have it
located on any land that any man could settle on
as well for preemption as for purchase.
Mr. WILKINSON. Upon reading over the sec-
tion I have concluded to withdraw the amendment
and instead of it to move to strike out these words;
The land aforesaid, after being surveyed, shall be appor-
tioned to the several States in sections or subdivision of
beetious, not less than one quarter of a section, and.
The reason of it is that no State can hold or re-
ceive any land under the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the difficulty with the
Senator from Minnesota is that he does not seem
to perceive that there are two classes of States
spoken of here. The States under this bill can hold
lands as States, provided they select it within their
own limits. If the Senator will look at line ten of
the section, he will see that to those States in
which there are no public lands scrip is to be is-
sued; but a State that has public lands within
her own borders can locate them and hold them as
a State. That is what was designed by those who
wrote the bill; it was what I designed as a mem-
ber of the committee who reported it. We have
now repealed the graduation act, so that aStateis
obliged to select the lands coming to her within
her own limits where she has public lands; and
then the bill goes on to provide that to those States
who have no publicland,scrip shall beissued, and
thatlandscrip can be located under this bill on any
quarter section of land that is open to preemption.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is all I want.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota should not be adopted if we
intend to oblige a State having lands to select fiom
those within its own borders.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
bill by striking out, in the fifth and sixth lines
of the second section, the words " the minimum
price of which has not been reduced under the
graduation laws below ยง1 25 per acre;" so that
the clause will read;
Whenever theie arc public lands m a State, the quantity
to wilicil said State shall be entitled shall be selected horn
such lands.
The object of the amendment is that the bill
may correspond with our present legislation. We
had a graduation act, which has now been re-
pealed. There are no lands now in any of the
States of the value of less than ยง1 25 per acre,
according to our present legislation. Florida had
nine millions of acres of land that were operated
upon by the graduation bill, and Missouri had
three millions; but there is no such land now, and
therefore I propose that the State which has pub-
lic lands within her borders shall take her quota
from those lands, and not be permitted to go out
of her own borders into other States.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest an amendment
to the Senator's amendment, and perhaps he will
accept it. I propose to strike out only the words
" the minimum price of which has not been re-
duced under the graduation laws below," and
insert " subject to sale at private entry at;" so as
to make the clause read:
And whenever there are public lands in a State subject
to sale at private, entry at 25 per acre, &c.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should be glad to
oblige the Senator from Iowa, but it is to sup-
ply that very difficulty that I desire this amend-
ment. Missouri now has three millions of acres
of land that have been operated upon by the grad-
uation bill. Florida has nine millions; but al-
though this large amount is in those States, it is
not subject to private entry for the reason that
we have not legislated to produce that result.
Mr. COLLAMER. The graduation bill did
not prevent its being subject to private entry. It
only made it subject to private entry at a lower
price.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the Senator
from Vermont, who has more experience than I
have, to have the bill so worded that Missouri,
with three millions of acres of land, may not come
into Kansas or into Nebraska and enter land
under the provisions of this bill. So with Florida;
so with Louisiana.
Mr. COLLAMER. Can they now'
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They can.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not see it.
Mr. LANE of Kansas. If they cannot, this
language should be stricken out as having no ap-
plication and having no meaning whatever.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that when those
words were put in the graduation law was in
operation, and they were needed for that reason.
That law having been repealed, these words are
inoperative.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Would it not be
better to strike them out?
Mr. COLLAMER. I have some apprehension
about that graduation. I do not know what is to
become of this business yet. I fear the nation
may be cheated by it.
Mr. LANE of Kansas. I appeal to the Senate
whether it is right for them to pass a bill that will
by any sort of construction give a State that has
from three to nine millions of acres of public
lands within its limits the power of going into
another State or Territory and there entering land
under this bill. Is that right or just.^ I make
the suggestion for the friends of the bill. The
amendments I suggested having been adopted, 1
have no further opposition to offer to the bill, but
I should like to have it as perfect as possible.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the Senator from
Kansas if he will accept the modification; I pro-
pose to strike out only the words, " the minimum
price of which has not been reduced under the
graduation laws below," and insert " subject to
sale at private entry at."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senator is sat-
isfied that that will cover the case, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. HARLAN. I think this and a subsequent
amendment I propose to offer will reach the point
the Senator has in view.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Very well; I accept
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to amend the bill
further by inserting in line eight, of section two,
after the word " lands," the words " within the
limits of such State," so that the clause will read:
The quantity to which said State shall be entitled shall
be selected fiom such lands within the limits of such State.
Mr. CARLILE. I inquire of the Senator from
Iowa how that would conform with the amend-
ment that was adopted limiting a State to select
but one million of acres in any one State. Sup-
pose the State should be entitled to a greater num-
ber of acres than a million, the provision of the
Senator from Iowa, if adopted, requiring her to
select all the lands to which she may be entitled
m the State, provided there are vacant lands within
her borders, would conflict with the amendment
which has heretofore been adopted, limiting the
land in any one State to be selected to one mil-
lion of acres.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment only makes
the provisions of the bill ccrtain. As it now stands
the provision is that " the quantity to which said
State shall be entitled shall be selected from such
lands." If the lands are within the State, I pro-
pose that they be required to take from that class
of lands withm their own State. The subsequent
provisions of the same section will enable the
Secretary of the Interior to issue scrip for the de-
ficiency, or at least I propose to amend the bill
so that it shall. I have prepared an amendment
to be substituted in the place of lines nine, ten,
eleven, and twelve, so that if this amendment and
the subsequent one should be adopted, that part
of the section would re^d:
The quantity to whicli said State shall be entitled shall
be selected from such lands witlun tli  limits of such State,
and the Secretary of the Interior is hereby directed to issue
to each of the States in which there is not the quantity ot
public land subject to saleat piivate entry at$l 25 peracre
to which said State may^bfi entitled under the provisions
of this act, land scrip of the amount in acres for the defi-
ciency of its distributive share.
I think if both these amendments shall be
adopted, the section will harmonize and reach the
object the Senator from Kansas has in view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment is, after the word {f lands,' in the
eighth line of thesccond section, to insert "within
the limits of such State."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to amend the bill
further by striking out in the ninth, tenth, elev-
enth, and twelfth lines of the second section, the
words i( those States in which there are no public
lands of the value of $1 25 peracre, land scrip to
the amount of their distributive shares, in acres,
under the provisions of this act," and to insert in
lieu thereof:
Each of the States in which there is not the quantity ot
public lands subject to sale at private entry, at @1 25 per
acre, to winch said State may be entitled under the provis-
ions of this act, land scrip to the amount in acres ior the
deficiency of its disttibutive share.
I will state that the object of this amendment
is to require the States to take the land within
their own limits, so far as it goes, and to take
scrip for the residue.
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend further by
inserting in line twenty, of section two, after the
word " to," and before the word " private," the
words " sale at;" so as to read, " unappropriated
land of the United States subject to sale at private
entry."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill in
the same clause, by adding, after the word " en-
try," the words " at ยง1 25 or less per acre."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to amend the bill
further, by adding an additional section, the ob-
ject of which is to reach the point desired by the
Senator from Minnesota, ana make this bill har-
monious with the homestead bill. The home-
stead bill will not take effect until the 1st of Jan-
uary next, and I propose to provide that land
scrip issued under this bill shall not be subject to
location until after the 1st day of January, 1863.
The amendment I propose is:
And be it farther enacted, That land scrip issued under
the provisions of this act shall not be subject to location
until after the 1st day of January, 1863.
Mr. POMEROY. We have already provided
that the scrip shall not be located in any of the
States until a year aftei the passage of this act,
which is beyond the time the Senator has fixed
in his amendment; but they may locate in a Ter-
ritory before that time.
Mr. HARLAN. If such a provision is in the
bill it must have been adopted as an amendment
when 1 was not in the Chamber.
Mr. POMEROY. It was adopted as an amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. Does it apply merely to the
States, or does it extend to all the public domain ?
Mr. POMEROY. Merely to the States.
Mr. HARLAN. Then it does not reach the
whole purpose. I do not think the land scrip
issued under this bill should be subject to location
until the homestead bill takes cffect, so as to give
the homestead settler a fair opportunity to com-
pete with those who may have this scrip.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill,in the
first section, by striking out, in lines four, five,
