050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
affairs, and suppose that was the intention. If no
&uek~intention existed, the letter proves nothing.
But, Mr. President, in the discussion of this
case, the honorable Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
in the speech which he first addressed to the Sen-
ate, entered into a very ingenious, and to my view
a very perverted comment upon the contents of
this letter. Indeed the line of argument adopted
bY4 him brought forcibly to my memory, though
it is many years since I read the record -9 the line
of argument adopted by the Grown counsel on the
trial of Algernon Sydney for treason, when they
urged as evidence of treason their own interpre-
tation of passages taken from his political treat-
ises as proof of treasonable intent on the part of
the prisoner. They broughtSydney to the block.
The subsequent judgment of the world has vindi-
cated his fame and bis character, and also passed
in condemnation upon the line of argument by
which he was convicted.
The Senator said that the words " yours truly"
were not merely formal words. Mr. President,
.take your own experience; letany one who hcais
me answer the question whether there is a more
common formality in the conclusion of letters,
where the slightest degree of friendly relations
exists between the parties, than to sign a letter
"yours very truly." Even to mere acquaint-
ances a letter is oftentimes so concluded; but to
those having the remotest relations of personal
regard, il is almost an invariable mode of conclu-
sion. Yet we are told that these words, so uni-
versally attached to all letters between persons
standing in the slightest degree of friendly rela-
tion, are to be taken as evidence that the honor-
able Senator from Indiana belonged to the rebel
chief, and was one of his conspirators! I suppose
if the letter had been addressed " sir," and had
concluded with the phraseology "your obedient
servant," the Senator would have argued, *• there
is an express acknowledgment of allegiance; the
words ' your obedient servant5 are not fcnmal
words; theyare an acknowledgment of allegiance
to the president of the confedtyate States." The
one inference would be as reason aide as the other.
Yet the deepest prejudice would scarcely fail to
perceive the fallacy of such an inference.
t shall not pursue further the argument in ref-
erence to the intent to be drawn from the contents
of this letter; not because 1 do not think it could
bo pressed further, butbecause I am aware, as has
been announced by the honorable Senatoi from
New York, that the. fiat has gone forth, and that
the judgment of the .Senate will certainly be ren-
dered againot the party accused. 1 have said enough
for my own purpose to vindicate my own vote,
and to place the question, at least before my con-
stituents, in its true light. Hut, sir, the argument
beyond and extraneous to the charge on which
the Senate professes, by iis losolution, if passed,
to expel I he honorable Senatoi from Indiana, has
been conducted by many Sena to j s en f he gi ou nd
thut opposition of opinion to coeiciuii by arm.-;,
as either not within the limits of the Federal Con-
stitution, or as bein(4 an impolitic act, and utterly
unavailable foi the purpose of restoring the Union
in its integrity, is evidence of sympathy with the
South, and therefore of disloyalty. If tins be a
ground of expulsion, theie is, indeed, an end to
representative government. The vital spirit of
all representative govei nmeiits, be they monarch-
ical or lepubliean, is the unlnnitable fieedom of
debate in the repn scntafive bod v, and uiu est tain <ul
freedom of opinion. Destroy that, put down the
collision of opinion which we suppose, m repre-
sentative governments, leads ultimately to the
truth, and you degeneiaie at once, no matter what
name you may give to vour government, into an
arbitrary despotism. It is none the less a despot-
ism because it may be a government consisting
of numbeis instead of the government of one
man.
Sir, I will endeavor to illustrate this by refer-
ence to a debate which occurred in the British
Parliament during our own Revolution. Ills per-
fectly well known that after the Declaration of
Independence there was ureat excitement m Eng-
land, great unanimity of opinion, and that min-
isters eai i if.d in Pui ilament their measures for the
suppression of the rebellion by at least three
foui t hs oft he body. The geneial sentiment of the
people, and of Pmiianunt, was m favor of the
subjugation of the colonies. Yet, sir, as early as
177 (>, in the month of October, or November, I do
not recollect which, in the course of a debate on
an address in answer to the Crown, Mr. Fox said:
" It has been said that we are reduced to the dilemma of
conquering or abandoning America. If that be the altern-
ative, I am for abandonment.53
Sir, I have no doubt that the practical zealots of
that day in their hearts denounced Mr. Fox as
disloyal to his country, because there can be no
question that the colonies owed allegiance to the
British Crown; there can be no question that our
Revolution was rebellion; there can be no ques-
tion that—though we believe, and I believe, that
there were justifiable causes for the act—the British
Government and the British people did not believe
the Declaration of Independence was justified by
any sufficient cause. Sir, I never heard that in
the Parliament of Great Britain, monarchical as
that Government was and is, even the suggestion
was made that Mr. Fox should be expelled, be-
cause lie entertained an opinion which went to
the dismemberment of the empire of England.
He stood with a small band of far-seeing men
then, and the subsequent judgment of the world
has acknowledged not only his patriotism but
his statesmanship, and his memory needs no de-
fense, though he held the doctrine at that time
that it was wiser for England to abandon a con-
test in which he believed she could not succeed in
achieving her objects, than to pursue it at the risk
of a countless cost of treasure and of human lives
for a fruitless purpose.
Sir, it was the freedom of debate whether he was
right or wrong. Suppose he. had been wrong—be-
causeitwasjustafter the battle of Long Island and
the capture of New Yoik, when things looked fa-
vorable to the success of the British arms—sup-
pose he had been wions^, would that difference of
opinion have justified hisexpulsion fiom the body,
or even the ehaig-' of disloyalty against him ? If
this great principle of the freedom of debate, of
dissentient opinion on the gravest subject which
could come befoie them, as this now is one of the
gravest, subjects that can conic before us, was al-
lowed in a Government of that nature, is it true
that in a representative Republic freedom of de-
bate is to be less cherished and less protected ? Sir,
lgive tins view as thegeueial answer, and as suffi-
cient, withoutentei mg into the details,to the argu-
ments submitted on the other side on these ques-
tions of diveigent opinions, or votes against the
policy or measures of the majority, unless prej-
udice and partisan hostility is to decide the expul-
sion of a member, and not a proved chaige of
criminal misconduct.
The honorable Senators from New York, New
Jersey, and Pennsylvania [Messrs. Harris, Ten
Eyok, and Cowan] have placed this question of
the true and only proper grounds of expulsion in
so impregnable a position,thatas I cannotadd to
their argument, I will not mar it by lepetiiion.
Til'* country owes them its thanks for the calm
and judicial mannci in which they have treated
the question; and if not now, at no distant day the
dignity and projniety of their course will be fully
jt j ipi I'CI;i I >•<I.
Sir, I recall now the opinion T expressed in the
remarks which i (list addressed to the Senate at
the opening of this debate, that u I did not believe
it possible a majority of tin1 Senate could vote for
this resolution." I viewed it as a judicial ques-
tion then; 1 so view itnow; and it was so tieated
in the committee; but unfortunately for a just and
correct decision of the case the spirit of pai iy has
been invoked; the press has assailed not only the
honorable Senatorfrom Indiana, where his per-
sonal rights ai e at stake in a judicial inquiry, but
also those members, or some of them, who have
denied that theie is sufficient ground for his ex-
pulsion. Nay, the want of fealty to paity of hon-
oiahle Senators has been charged as a default on
their part unless they voted for the expulsion of
the honorable Senatorfiom Indiana. As you have
heard, nineteen mcmbeis of another branch of the
national Legislature, derelict to their entire duty,
to the iespect that is due to this body, have un-
dei taken to mteifere with it<5 judicial decisions on
tho rights and defaults of its own members, and
to brins* the bias of partisan zeal to bear upon the
judicial action of the Senate in a matter in which
! mtei ferenee on their pan is a shameless violation
| of duty, by asking the Legislature of a State to
' insiruc i a Senator how he is ro vote as a judu;e on
a question involviei; personal 1 iirhtf*, the evidence
1 not befote them, and the argument unheard; and
yet this is but one of the steps of party taken in
this case. I have also heard—and if the allega-
tion be untrue, I shall be glad to be corrected—
that party caucuses of more or less of the mem-
bers of tliis body have been held to compare opin-
ions and influence votes upon a judicial question.
If that be so, of course we cannot expect anything
but a mere party decision..
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend alludes to cau-
cuses in this matter. I never have heard of any
such, and I do not think any have ever been held.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt the honorable
Senator from Ohio was no party to them. I have
heard so often and so repeatedly that such meet-
ings had been held, that unless it was generally
denied 1 could hardly disbelieve it.
Mr. BROWNING. The Senator from Dela-
ware will permit me to say that this is the first
intimation 1 have ever had that a caucus was held
or contemplated in regard to this matter. Nor
have I ever conversed personally—I speak for my-
self alone—with any Senator upon this subject,
upon any occasion when 1 expressed to him my
own opinion, or when I asked him to express to
me his m regard to the disposition that should be
made of the case. I am not willing that the im-
putation made by the Senatorfrom Delaware shall
go to the country unrepelled by one Senator at
least.
Mr. BAYARD. I stated expressly that I de-
sired to be corrected if the fact were not so. I had
heard it repeatedly alleged, and if Senators are
aware that it is not so, 1 have no charge to make
on any knowledge of my own.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 would be glad if the Sen-
ator, when he makes a charge of so grave a char-
actor, would give the basis on which he states it.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state to the honorable
Senator that I have heard it lepeatedly.
Mi. BROWNING. Heard it of whom?
Mr. BAYARD. These things, the honorable
Senator well knows, are mattcis of rumor, so that
1 cannot say who told me. I did not suppose it
would be denied, even. I heard it spoken of re-
peatedly.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will relieve the Senator from
Delaware, if he will allow me a moment. I told
him.
Mr. CAYARl). I did not recollect that.
Mr. BRIGHT. At least I will state what I
did tell him. On the first day that the Senate met
this session, I met my colleague on this floor, and
I said to him, " 1 have no personal claim on you,
sir; you and I have been opposed through life,
politically; but still I have claims upon you as a
colleague, so far as to call upon you to enable me
to establish my guilt or innocence against certain
men that have been fulminating all kind of cal-
umnies against me during the recess." I was
charged in some of the western papers with hav-
ing received a commission as a brigadier general
in the southern army. That went the rounds of
the public press. It was charged again, that at
my farm in Kentucky I had a headquarters for
recruiting rebel soldieis. Calumny upon calumny
of that kind was heaped upon me. 1 took no no-
tice of them whatever, except to reply to the in-
quiry of a fnend in reference to the genuineness
of the letter which forms the basis of this accusa-
tion. When I met my colleague on the first day
of the session, I said to him, " these things have
made an impression on the public mind, and I ask
you to do me the justice to introduce a resolution
into the Senate to inquire into my guilt or inno-
cence in refeience to every one of these charges."
He said, as I expected to hear him say, that he
would do it. He knows that I was expecting him
day after day to do it. At the close of the first
week of the session my colleague was kind enough
to call upon me, and state that he would have to
be ielie\ed from the promise he had made me;
that my case had been the subject of caucus, aixl
that it would be introduced into this body. I
said to him that I made no complaint whatever;
that in whatever form it came before the body I
trusted I should be ready to meet it.
Mr, LANE, of Indiana. I want to say one
word in explanation just here if the Senator from
Delaware will allow me. My recollection of the
matter js simply this: I told the Senator from In-
diana, on the first day of the session I think, that
I should feel it my duty to introduce a resolution
