1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
when a claim is presented and referred to them,
find it involved m any intricacy or doubt, thoy
refer it then to the Court of Claims, and the court
summons witnesses and examines the entire claim*,
the Government has counsel there in the person
of the Solicitor of Claims, who investigates the
validity of the claim on the port of the Government,
and makes his objections and sees that the Gov-
ernment is not defrauded; and then, when all the
evidence has been gone through with, and the
counsel on the part of the Government and of the
claimant have been heard, the court deliberately
make up their conclusion and report it to Congress,
and they accompany that report with the evidence
upon which their conclusion is based. If the judges
disagree, the disagreeing members make separate
reports, so that the entue case is fully presented
before Congress.
Now, if the court are agreed, and the solicitor
agrees in the opinion of the court, then Congress,
in my opinion, ought to pass upon the claim
without any debate, discussion, or hesitation.
And if need be, and for the purpose of furthering
the rights of claimants, I would vote for a bill
that would provide for the payment from the
Treasury of any claim that shall receive the unan-
imous approval of the Court of Claims, and of the
solicitor for the Government. Such a provision,
I will venture to say, would relieve this Congress
from the consideration of all claims that ought
not to be considered by it. When all the mem-
bers of the court agree that a claim is just, and
when the solicitor employed on the part of the
Government agrees that it is just, then there is no
necessity of making the claimant wait until lie
can come here, and have Congress pass upon his
claim. All the complaints that are now made
would, in my judgment, be removed by a simple
provision of law giving to a claimant a right to
draw his money when the court and the solicitor
are united in favor of tiie claim.
CLAIM OF PEDRO CIIABOYA.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (S. No. 106) to authorize the district court
of the United Slates for the northern district of
California to hoar and determine upon its merits
the claim of Pedro Chaboya to a certain tract of
land in California called La Posa San Jean Bau-
tista; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the Mouse.
Oil motion of Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous
consent, the bill was taken up, read a first and
second time, and lefened to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
COURT OF CLAIMS AGAIN.
Mr. D1VEN. Now, Mr. Speaker, what com-
plaints are made before Congress, calling for the
establishment of tins new court? It is to be in-
vested with all the dignity of the Supreme Court
of the United States, to have its chief justice and
its justices, and all the paraphernalia and dignity
of a court of the United States, from which no ap-
peal can be had except to the Supremo Court of
the United States, and then only upon questions
of law.
But it is said that claimants complain that after
the court have passed upon their claims, Congress
is dilatoiy in lcguid to them. Well, if the pro-
vision which 1 suggest is made for the payment
of claims whore the. court agree—and I ain told
that it is very rarely that they disagree—without
the interposition of Congress, vastly more relief
would be furnished to claimants than will be fur-
nished by this bill.
But, sir, there are other objections to this bill,
which, in my judgment, are teal, substantial, le-
gal objections. By the provisions of this hill it
is provided that when any individual seeks to
have a claim adjudicated before this new eourt, if
the Government has any claim against him, the
court shall set it off, and if the claim which they
find against the claimant is greater than the claim
they find in favor of the claimant, then a judgment
is given against him and an execution goes against
his property. Now, sir, if this bill passes, an in-
dividual having a claim against the Government,
and against whom the Government has a claim,
can never have his claim against the Government
adjusted and liquidated without being compelled
to submit to an adjustment of the claim of the
Government against him without the right which
is guarantied by the Constitution, of a trial by
jury. There is no provision in this bill for a jury,
and by our Constitution every man has a right,
where his claim is over twenty-five dollars, to
have it passed upon by a jury; but under this bill,
a man who is seeking to have a claim against the
Government adjudicated is subjected to the neces-
sity of submitting to the establishment by the
Government of a claim against him without any
trial by jury, and is thus deprived of a clear con-
stitutional right.
Now, sir, what is the theory with regard to the
satisfaction ofclaimsagainstGovernments? Why,
it is this: that Governments are always disposed
to deal justly with their subjects; that Govern-
ments are never required or compelled by legal
process to render justice to their subjects; and that
they are always ready to do right when the right
is ascertained; and the only object of a Court of
Claims should be to aid the Government in de-
termining what is right, and then the Government
will do right always. That is the theory of gov-
ernment. It was a maxim of the common law
that " the king can do no wrong;" and it is the
theory that Governments can do no wrong, that
exempts them from this trial in courts to compel
them to do right to their own citizens. It is false
in theory to suppose that when an individual has
a just claim against the Government it is neces-
sary for him to sue the Government in a court of
law to recover it. All that it is necessary to do
against the Government is to establish the recti-
tude of the claim, and then the obligation on the
part of the Government to discharge it follows at
once.
Now, there arc other objections to this. Rules
of law by which claims are determined are neces-
sarily arbitrary rules. All of us know that the
application of an arbitrary rule to some cases very
frequently works a hardship. Hence, if you bring
men who have claims against the Government
up to a legal standard, arid require them to bring
themselves within the rules of law before the Gov-
ernment will acknowledge their claims and pay
them, extreme hardship will be the result in a
great many cases. A man,forinstance,may have
made, a contract for the delivery of property to the
Government for the building of a ship, or for the
performance of some important work. He may
have nearly completed it. 11 may be of conve-
nience to the Government to have the work as it
is. The Government may have received great
benefits from the partial performance of the con-
tract. And yet, underthe application of the strict
rule of law, although the Government may be in
the enjoyment of many advantages growing out
of the labor of the citizen, the citizen cannot be
paid because he has not performed his contract to
the letter. This court must apply the unbending
rules of law to such a claimant, and turn him out
unreinunerated. On the other hand, and what is
a great deal more likely, a claim artfully fabri-
cated may be presented against the Government,
and under the application of the strict rules of
law, the claimant may be entitled to a judgment.
Reports have been made here, and o great clamor
raised—I know not with what degree of truth—
that contracts have been entered into with the
Government by individuals for the supply of arms
to the amount of forty or fifty millions of dollars,
and that these articles are not to be delivered for
six or twelve or eighteen months, when it is not
expected that the Government will need them.
It has been stated that the prices agreed to be
paid for these arms are extravagant and enormous;
that these contracts will put in to the pockets of the
contractors millions and millions of dollars. The
belief is prevalent with many that the parties who
have entered into these contracts have circum-
vented the officers of the Government, if they have
not done even worse, and thus got these contracts.
We are talking here of not taking these arms, of
repudiating these contracts. If we do repudiate
them, will not those contractors go before this new
court, and unless the Government can substan-
tially prove fraud, such positive fraud as vitiates
contracts, will we not have to pay to these con-
tractors all the prospective profits which they
might have made by the fulfillment of their con-
tracts, even though the court may be satisfied that
there is not a particle of justice in the claim? The
passage of such a bill as this cuts off all exercise
of disci imination on the part of Congicss. It does
not leave it in our discretion to determine whether
the claim is fair and equitable and right; but you
give to these men the benefit of a strict application
of legal rules. Then, again, if the Courtof Claims
does not find in favor of 4he claimant up to the full
amount of the damages that may be established
by proof, he can appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and can there exact from the
Government the uttermost that the law allows*
I tell you, sir, that you are placing the Treasury
of the United States at the mercy of this Courtof
Claims. You are taking from Congress the con-
trol which it should always have over the Treas-
ury of the country, and are placing the Treasury
at the mercy of this court.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
New York permit me to inquire of him whether
he does not know that the money to pay the
claims allowed has to be appropriated by Con-
gress before the Treasury can be deprived of it?
Mr. PORTER. I desire to state that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to present in his esti-
mates each year the precise amount required to
pay off theclaims reported bythe Courtof Claims.
These can only be paid on a general appropria-
tion made by Congress. The object of this is,
that Congress may see, from session to session,
exactly what has been done by this Court of
Claims, and may reform any abuses that may
exist.
Mr. DIVEN. Exactly; that is the power which
Congress has now over this court, and the power
which it should forever keep over it. You should
never place the nation in the attitude of having
the judgment of the Supreme Court of the United
States against it, and then refusing to pay that
judgment. If you give to the individual the right
to sue the nation in a court, and to prosecute his
suit to judgment, then pay the judgment.
But, Mr. Speaker, let Congress keep in its own
hands, if it would keep control over the Treasury,
a clew by which it can pass upon and determine
the fairness of some claims at least, and not sub-
ject itself to the strict rule of law. I tell you, sir,
that a hundred old claims that have been rejected
here will be fished up and brought into this court.
Out of the troublesome times that are arising, and
which the advocates of this bill have made a pre-
text for its passage, there will spring up claims of
a most curious character, which by force of law
might be maintained against the Government and
judgment had. Ay, sir, there have been arrests
of men, against whose suits for false imprison-
ment I hardly know how defense could be made.
Theie has been appropriation of property, there
has been destruction of property in Virginia and
in other portions of the country, for which fear-
ful claims can be made and legally established
against the country, such as seldom have been
recognized by other countries. Tiie Treasury will
need a stronger key on it than this court, confin-
ing itself to legal rules, can furnish. Otherwise
great injustice will be, in my judgment, done, and
enormous drafts will be made on the Treasury.
So far from the circumstances of the times being
reasons for establishing a court by which men
shall be allowed to recover judgments against the
Government on strictly legal rules, the times fur-
nish reasons why such rules should not be ap-
plied. Let us leave the matter open to a broad
equity, and when a man comes forward with a
claim for the destruction of his property in this
war or for property appropriated by the Govern-
ment, let us hold in our hands the right to correct
the decision that may be made. We have required
ships for the transportation of our troops and mu-
nitions of war, and we have sent our agents to
barter with the owners of those ships, compara-
tively at their mercy. I trust in Heaven that that
day is past, and that whenever, in future, the
owner of a ship or of anything else that the Gov-
ernment requires in the prosecution of this war,
asks an exorbitant price for it, the Government
will take the article and pay what is right and fair
for it, guided by justice and equity and not by the
technicalities of law.
Now, sir, the country has got on well enough
without any such court as this. Itis well enough
known that a liberality has always been shown
to the citizen whenever a claim against the Gov-
ernment could be fairly established. But we are
told by the gentleman who reports this bill that
the Government is dilatory, and that that is a de-
nial of justice to the claimant; that the passage of
a private bill here depends not on its merits, but on
the skill of its advocate in this House. That is
