152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
3fet Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation—jEmancipation—Mr. Holman.
Ho. oi1 Reps.
old prosperity—the Constitution unimpaired, and
the Government only stronger, because the rage
abtf WttcrncSs of war had only tested but not over-
thrown the moderation and wisdom of the peo-
pfe. ...
With such views, I protest, sir, against a policy
Which will render, not the subjugation of the South,
Btii the restoration of the Union impossible. With
me, sir, its restoration rises infinitely above every
Other consideration. I see in it the only hope for
PS or'for our children. I see in its destruction
aft anarchy that will lead to despotism. If your
emancipation policy did not induce a servile in-
surrection, how would it aid you? If it did, who
does not see that the war would become not a war
for the Union, but on both sides a war of fierce
and deadly extermination ? But, sir, shall we ex-
cite By our policy a war in the South, in which
nek men armed to the teeth, but feeble old age and
iirattling childhood and defenseless women would
be the victims? Humanity and justice and policy
forbid it. It is traitors in arms that wo will crush.
As your Army advances, vast numbers of slaves
come within your lines; these you will not sur-
render to disloyal masters. Would your procla-
mations, unless theycxcited insurrection,accom-
plish any more ? If they did, are the free States
prepared to open their doors for the millions of
Ihisunfortuncite population driven from the South ?
But will not this policy divide your councils
and weaken the strength of your armies ? Is not
the active concert of your own loyal people and
the martini enthusiasm of your soldiers and their
devotion to the Constitution of infinitely more
moment than any benefit you can derive from these
questionable measures? Will the moment never
come, sir, when we shall with confidence rely on
our constitutional resources and the courage and
fortitude of our own people to crush out tins infa-
mous rebellion ? Have the triumphs of your arms
been so poor that you must tear down the Con-
stitution to obtain new powers? Would it increase
the number or enthusiasm of your Army ? Would
it inspire a nobler heroism? Will the Constitu-
tion, sealed with the blood of their fathers, and its
starry symbol, move the heart of your Army
with less enthusiasm, as they face the iron front
of battle, than these wild and impracticable
schemes before which all that is sacred may per-
ish ? The motive you presented as justifying an
appeal to arms, the defense of constitutional lib-
oity, was the noblest that ever stired the human
soul. Will the destruction of that motive increase
tho efficiency ot your Anny? Will it dishearten
your enemies? Will fanaticism, or prejudice, or
passion, supply the plane of the confirmed judg-
ment of the people that the Union as established
by the Constitution must bo preserved ? Your sol-
diers have resisted the sweet attractions of father
<md mother and wife and child, and taken up arms
for a single purpose, to defend the ancient land-
Hjarksof the Constitution and to restore the Union.
Will you dare to overthrow tho motive which has
rendered their courage irresistible? With such an
army in the field, inspired by such a motive, and
already flushed with successive victories, with the
old vacillation which has overthrown so many
republics, will you propose a virtual change of
the purpose of the war? .
But outside of your Army will your circum-
stances admit of radical divisions of opinion in the
loyal States? Right or wrong, if you adopt this
pmicyj&nd virtually change the purpose of the war,
make it a war against slavery, and not a war for
the Union, these divisions will exist. While
you adhere to the Constitution, you can command
the eooperationofeveryloval citizen. If you aban-
don the Constitution, no man in the land is bound
to obey you—1 speak, sir, of those constitutional
guarantees which have ever been recognized as
fundamental by the common judgmentof the whole
people.
The people everywhere demand that the powers
of the Government shall be directed to one end 
to crush out the rebellion and restore the Union.
War for the Constitution, and not against it.
They will protest with one voice against any
change in the form of our Government, or the or-
ganization of provinces which immense armies
must keep in subjection. They have abiding faith
in'the Constitution, and believe that their safety
is involved in maintaining it unimpaired.
On the 22d day of July, when the victorious
rebels were pursuing our fugitive army, and gen-
tlemen sat here unrefreshed from their weary flight
from that disastrous field, the memory of which
your soldiers are wiping out, the venerable states-
man of Kentucky seizing upon that moment, when
faction was silent m the presence of the impend-
ing danger, introduced this resolution:
u Resolved by the House o~f Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That the present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disunionists of the
southern States, now in arms against the constitutional
Government, ami in arms around the capital; that in tins
national emergency, Congress, banishing all (eehngsofmere
pnssion or resentment, will recollect only its duty to the
whole countiy; that this war is not waged on their part
In any spirit ofoppiessiop, or for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or interfering
with the rights or established institutions of those States,
but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion, and to pieserve the Union with all the dignity, equal-
ity, and lights of the several States unimpaired; and that
as soon u& thcs>u objects are accomplished the war ought to
cease."
T thank him for this, not the least of the illus-
trious services he has rendered to his country.
The resolution received almost the unanimous
vote of the House—Burnett, of Kentucky, and
Rcid, of Missouri, voted against it, and they are
now in tlic rebel army. The people indorsed this
resolution as a just declaration of the object of the
war. But a majority of this House refused to
reaffirm it. Vague schemes of overturning the
Constitution, increasing the Federal power, and
reducing States into subject provinces, had inter-
vened.
But I appeal from the judgment of this House,
and do not hesitate to affirm that a vast majority
of the people, at least of the Northwest, are in
favor of the principles announced in that resolu-
tion. For myself,sir, I indorse and reindorse it*,
I approve of it in^j letter and spirit; not the last
clause only, but every word and sentence of it. It
is the platform of the Union and the Constitution.
In my judgment, whatever may have been the
pretense of provocation, based on the abolition sen-
timent of the North, this war, which is covering
this land with the shadows of unutterable agony,
has been forced upon the nation by the wicked
and selfish ambition of the leaders of the rebellion
in their attempt to destroy the Union; abolition
furnished a pretense and an occasion*, and that,
when the authority uf the Constitution—the im-
perishable monument of the sacrifices and wisdom
of our fathers—shall be restored,and not till then,
the war should cease; for imperishable it is, sir;
even if we permit this Republic to fail, the Con-
stitution will still live, if only as a memento of the
wisdom and self-denial of our fathers and of the
folly and weakness of their children. I supported
that resolution, sir, in the dark hour when our
army was fleeing before their enemies. I still sup-
port it, sir, as embodying the just purpose of the
war. And when it is declared, sir, that the war
is waged for any other purpose than to maintain
the majesty of the Constitution, I shall then, and
not till then,"despair of the Republic.
^ To the people of the Northwest the preserva-
tion of the Union is of overwhelming necessity.
Every material interest, every element of our pros-
perity, is dependent upon it. if the war is for the
Union, under the old guarantees, we may indulge
in a confident hope of its ultimate restoration. If
it is subverted to subordinate purposes, or to grat-
ify wild and visionary schemes, no man cuuld
even indulge in the delusions of hope.
Sir, if the voice of the people could reach this
Hall, it would say to the unblushing nullifiersof
the national charter: "lay not your hands upon
the Constitution. Dare not to touch the covenant
of our fathers. Do not, on pretense of the public
necessity, impair the public faith in its suprem-
acy. Though trampled upon by traitors, who,
with selfish purpose and bloody hands, have re-
solved on its destruction, it is still the only foun-
dation of our political faith, and the beacon-light
of our hope. We will reindorse its obligations,
if need be, with the last drop of our blood. With
open traitors arrayed againstit,if you, its chosen
defenders, recreant to faith and duty, shall dare
to weaken the strength of its obligations, or tear
down its limitations on our delegated power, your
names, with theirs, shall only live in the just con-
demnation of mankind.5 >
Independent of the obligations of the Constitu-
tion, the Northwest, if she is true to herself, will
never consent to a policy which will diminish the
prospect of opening up to her commerce the free
navigation of the Mississippi river. The North-
west will not be the mere tributary of any other
section of the Union, and will never consent that
the value of her produce shall be dependent on
the will of the insatiable capitalists of New York
and Boston and Philadelphia and Liverpool and
London, who own the great railroad connections
between the West and the East, and who, since
the Mississippi was closed, have seized upon
every advance in the price of our produce by
more than doubling the cost of transportation.
Sir, while the war is waged to restore the Union,
we have the double motive of loyalty to the Con-
stitution and imperative necessity to carry it on
to a successful termination. We must have a
free outlet to our commerce. We will have it,
sir, by higher and better guarantees than treaties
between independent nations. If we should ever
be so weak as to lay down our arms with the
Mississippi river flowing through a foreign coun-
try and our right to navigate it dependent on
treaties, while the capitalists of the East and of
England control the channels of our commerce
with the Atlantic coast, the Northwest will from
that hour sink into a state of political as well as
commercial dependence. Sir, there is too much of
the self-reliant spirit of our fathers in the North-
west to submit to such dishonor. We will not,
for the sake of peace, or to gratify that insane
fanaticism which would make the cause of the
Union subservient to wild and visionary schemes
of radical change, inaugurate a policy which may
make our children and our children's children
who shall inhabit that great inland empire, a de-
pendent and dishonored people. If we did, sir,
eternal infamy should rest upop our memory.
That man, sir, who would inspire our enemies,
and divide the opinions of loyal men, by pro-
posing peace and dishonor, or by urging a policy
which would weaken the public faith in the Con-
stitution, is no friend to his country.
This is no time for experiments. It is no time
for divisions of opinion on new issues of policy.
The Governments of Europe, seizing upon our
misfortunes, aie preparing to make this continent
the theater of their triumphs, and to plant upon
it the principles of despotic posver. Can any man
be blind to the current of events? Shall France
reduce a sister republic to a despotism, and place
upon its throne a scion of the decayed house of
Hapsburg? Shall England insult the Republic
with impunity while we weaken our strength, and
remove the hopes of internal peace by impracti-
cable and delusive schemes ol policy increasing
the rage and bitterness of intestine war > For how
impracticable, sir, are those schemes for enfran-
chising those millions of Africans when, bond or
free, they are in the very nature of things, while
in our midst, subject to the dominant race, and
many States refuse them admission on their soil.
If it affected only South Carolina and her asso-
ciates in treason, it would be justifiable; but it af-
fects the whole nation.
I speak, sir, for at least a part of the people of
Indiana. In their name I demand firmness, yet
moderation and forbearance. In the cause of the
Union she has never faltered. She has seen in
the Constitution " the cloud by day, and the pil-
lar of fiie by night." She was the first State of
the Union to impose, in the cause of the country,
an involuntary embargo on her commerce, though
her warehouses were filled and her forms covered
with the produce designed for the markets of the
Gulf. Her gallant army of sixty-five thousand
men sprang up as if by enchantment at the cry
" fortheUnion." Theyhaveseen the glad winds
unfurl your flag on every camp from the Chesa-
peake bay to the Ozark mountains, and their blood
has stained almost every field over which that flag
has floated in triumph; they have been inspired
by one purpose—the restoration of the Union.
But fanaticism seeks to pervert the war to the
purposes of its own gratification. The restoration
of the Union as it was under the old constitu-
tional guarantees is no longer the leading motive
of many gentlemen on this floor. The consoli-
dation of the Government is not a new idea.
Every triumph of your Army develops still
stronger the encroachments which are intended
