2632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
and six, the words " an amount of public land, to
be apportioned to each State a quantity equal to
thirty thousand acres, "and to insert in lieu there-
of, " a sum of money from the proceeds hereafter
derived from the sale of the public lands equal to
$30,000;" so as to read:
Tiiat there be granted to the several States, for tile pur-
poses hereinafter mentioned, a sum of money from the pro-
ceeds hereafter derived from the sale ol' the public lauds,
equal to $30,000 for each Senator and Representative in
Congress to which the States are respectively entitled, &c.
I said some little time ago that I should offer
an amendment to appropriate money instead of
lands, and I said at the gp.me time 1 would not
vote for the bill if the amendment was adopted.
The Senator from Ohio thought that was not ex-
actly right; but I have now offered a compromise
for which I will vote. I have offered to appro-
priate the proceeds of the public lands, instead of
the lands themselves, or instead of money out of
the usual funds in the Treasury, and that I will
vote for. If the representatives of the nation
prefer that these lands should be disposed of to
aid the cause of education in any of its branches,
I am willing to agree to it. This proposition, if
it be adopted, will be exactly equal on every por-
tion of the country, and to every individual in the
country. I cannot see why it will not; but the
bill which is now before the Senate will not be
equal. It has been urged that it imposes a hard-
snip upon the States and Territories within which
the public lands lie, by withdrawing large bodies
of those lands from settlement. I shall not spend
any more time upon that branch of the argument.
I say it is unequal in another respect, and I ap-
peal to the Senate if it be not. Your bill, as it
stands, appropriates the same number of acres to
each State in proportion to its population; but it
does not appropriate the same value. If the State
of Ohio has a fraction of public land left, it is be-
cause it has some waste lands that were not worth
anything, and that people would not take for any-
thing; but Ohio has got to take it under this bill,
just so far as it goes, acre for acre; but the State
of New York, winch has no public lands, can
take your scrip, make its selections by its agents
of ^our choice lands anywhere. What I have
said of Ohio is true of the State of Illinois and
the State of Indiana; it is so with every State
that has only a small portion of public land; its
best lands are entered and settled.
Mr. WA.DE. How is it with Wisconsin?
Mr. HOWE. Wisconsin is in the same con-
dition.
Mr. WADE. Each of us will take care of our
States.
Mr. HOWE. We cannot. The Senator from
Ohio will admit that the State of New York can
take scrip and enter thirty thousand acres of land,
which £?re worth more than any thirty thousand
that can be found m the State of Ohio. Suppose
there are thirty thousand left in the State of Ohio
yet; and I do not know but there are a good many
more acres left there; the last time I saw the re-
turns there was a fraction of land left in that State;
I do not know how much; there are public lands
still left in Illinois; but those lands are not such
as can be selected outof your new Territories and
your newer States with this scrip. Hence you
qo not offer the same value, but you impose the
same burden on each of the States; each has got
to establish a college, whether it ever gets" any-
thing out of this scrip or not. One State may get
a great deal of scrip and comply with the terms
of this bill without appropriating anything from
its treasury. Vermont cannot, though Vermont
will get scrip with which she can select the best
lands.
Senators differ with me as to what is going to
be the value of this scrip. There cannot be any
difference of opinion between us as to what is the
value of the money. You say the lands are going
to be sold and the money is to go into the State
treasuries. Why not wait and take it? The na-
tion can sell the land quicker than anybody else.
Mr. WADE. How long does the Senator sup-
pose it will take to convert it into money, and then
distribute that? Has he made a calculation upon
it, I would inquire?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, I have not; but I sup-
pose the significance of that question is this: the
Senator means to intimate that the lands are not
going to be sold very rapidly for money. Your
scrip is merely another form of title to a quarter
section of land. You apprehend that you are
going to sell that for something, or else you come
back to the proposition I originally submftted,
that your grant is not going to be worth anything
to the State, but will be mere paper togamble on.
If your scrip is going to be sold, it is because a
title to land is going to be worth something in
the market, because people are going to want
land when the States can sell the title deed to a
quarter section of land. The United States can
sell the land itself, and why not wait and take it?
That is equal; this proposition is not.
Mr. TEN EYCK. For the few years I have
been here, I am not aware that the old States, by
their representatives, have failed upon any occa-
sion to respond to the expressed desire of the
new States to grant them the benefits of the public
lands. We have granted them lands for railroad
purposes, for the benefit of schools, for ecclesi-
astical purposes, and we have given them millions
of acres of lands under the name of swamp lands,
to be reclaimed for the benefit of the new States
of this Union. So far as I have been concerned,
and so far as I recollect, it has been the uniform
practice to make these appropriations to our
younger brethren. I have always voted with
the utmost cordiality for them, and I have voted
for the homestead bill.
Now, here is a proposition designed, not for
the benefit of the old States alone, but mutually
for the benefit of the new and the old to aid the
farming interest, to enable farmers to avail them-
selves of the benefit of the public lands to edu-
cate their children as scientific agriculturists; and
yet our friends from the new States are not will-
ing to share even with us in this donation, or
agree that we shall have a portion of the public
lands for this purpose. That would strike one
as very peculiar, if it were not for the fact that it
is very apt to be the case that children are often
ungrateful towards their parents. We see it
every day of our lives. We see instances of such
ingratitude. It is true we are intermixed, we
are intermingled. I know the inhabitants of the
new States are the children of the inhabitants of
the old States, and it is said that the old States
are themselves benefited by helping along their
children, or those who have emigrated from
them. I think our friends are a little strict in re-
lation to this matter. I think they ought not to
stand so obstinately, if they will excuse the ex-
pression, in opposing this measure. I think in
view of all that has been done, in view of the
disposition that has been manifested on the part
of the old States for years past to aid and assist
them in a way which they think has been bene-
ficial to them, and as they know the disposition
is to continue that feeling towards them, they
might yield their opposition to this bill, and yield
their opposition to it in the way of proposing
amendments which may embarrass it or render
it less valuable for the purposes that are designed.
Mr. IIOWE. Allow me to ask my friend from
New Jersey, if he really insists that this appro-
priation of money is less valuable than the land
itself.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think it is a measure
thrown in to embarrass the project and to em-
barrass the design of the bill, and of the friends
of the bill. I thought I understood the Senator
himself as saying a short time since—he will par-
don me if I misunderstood him—that he meant to
propose such a measure, but he haidly tflfought
he would vote for it himself.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator did misunderstand
me. I said then that I intended to propose an
amendment donating money out of the general
funds of the Treasury, and I said frankly that
I would not vote for the bill if that amendment
was adopted. I propose now to appropriate, not
money out of the general funds in the Treasury,
nor lands, but the proceeds of the lands, and I
said distinctly that I would vote for that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to enter gen-
erally into the discussion. I have been sitting
here quietly all the morning, and I have witnessed
not only the opposition made to this measure to-
day, but for the last two or three weeks, amend-
ments and propositions of every kind, and some-
times speeches, too, which, although they were
very eloquent and very agreeable for me to listen
to, had the effect of running the bill past the morn-
ing hour; and I was at one time a little fearful,
and am not sure yet but that this bill in its prog-
ress may be postponed until the adjournment of
Congress, from the disposition which has been
manifested by gentlemen. It has been done pleas-
antly and agreeably and playfully, no doubt. My
object was simply to recall the attention of the
Senate to the facts connected with this donation of
the public lands, and to claim, perhaps, some
little right to the benefits of a portion of them in
the distribution for citizens of the old States, es-
pecially when it is to be appropriated for so bene-
ficial and so excellent a purpose as this seems to
me.
Mr. RICE. I am opposed to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin. If that
should be adopted, it will take from twenty to
thirty years, or perhaps longer, to raise the amount
of $10,000,000, and hence it would do no one any
good, and I think it would be an injury to the
new States. The more owners there are of land
in my State, the better it is for the State. If these
lands are given to the old States, they will be se-
lected at once, and at once become subject to tax-
ation. If they remain in the hands of the General
Government, they cannot be taxed. Again, if
this amendment be not adopted and the bill be
passed as it is, we shall have the aid and the influ-
ence of every State and of every member upon this
floor and in the other House in making our lands
valuable. I would rather have their influence for
that purpose, and have the lands owned not only
by the States, but by their assignees, than to have
the bill if amended as proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin. I think it is better for the new
States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from New Jersey if he thinks there
has been more opposition to this bill from the
western States than would have come from New
Jersey if the proposition had been made in the Sen-
ate to allow Kansas, for instance, to locate half a
million of acres of that beautiful land they have got
in New Jersey, which I passed over yesterday?
Would he not have felt it his duty as a faithful
representative to oppose such a proposition, know-
ing, as he would know, that the holding of a large
body of land by Kansas in New Jersey would be
prejudicial to the best interests of the State that
he represents ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Knowingthe people ofNew
Jersey as well as I think I do, if the circumstances
of the two cases could be changed, New Jersey
with scarcely a dissenting voice would vote to do-
nate these lands to Kansas, and I say so from the
fact that New Jersey up to this hour has been the
fast and true friend of Kansas, mourning with her
in her difficulties, and rejoicing with her in her
triumphs.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. For the kind feeling
that I know has always existed in the State ot
New Jersey for Kansas, we feel thankful and al-'
ways shall feel thankful; but I think the Senator
from New Jersey overrates the magnanimity of
his State in this respect. I think the people of
New Jersey would scarcely be willing to give to
Kansas half a million of acres of land before she
had selected the amount of land to which she was
herself entitled.
Mr. HOWE. I am unwilling to let this vote
be taken without saying one more word with the
hope of repelling the insinuation which has been
repeatedly thrown out, that the representatives of
the new States are not fair towards the old States,
or that they are not properly grateful to the old
States. The opposition which has been made to
this bill has come, 1 admit, principally from the
new States; but who shall stand here and say that
that is because the representatives of the new
States are not actuated by a feeling of justice to-
wards the old States? You propose to take for
each representative you have thirty thousand acres
of land for educational purposes; but your bill
proposes to give to us thirty thousand acres or
land for each representative we have. So far the
proposition is fair. I oppose my own State as
much as I oppose New Jersey when I oppose
this bill. I say the bill is not fair in other re-
spects. It is not fair, because, in my estimation—
Senators differ from me—you impose a burden on
the States within which these lands are that you
do not impose on those States in which they are
not. It is not fair, because Jhe value of the land
which you give to some of the States is not equal
to the value of that which you allow to be taken
by the other States. In reply, we are told how
much the old States have voted to the new. Do
