1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1678
certainly a poor commentary on the intelligence
of Congress. But in the Court of Claims, as it
nowexists, we have thecorrective of all this with-
out investing it with these new and extraordinary
powers. If the members of the court are united
m their decision, nothing more may be done. If
they are not a unit upon it, let the members of this
House investigate the report, and each gentleman
decide upon the report and upon the evidence in
such case, and then render speedy justice in the
premises.
Now, sir, speedy justice is claimed as one rea-
son for passing this bill establishing this court;
and we are told that claims are going to multiply
rapidly. Have gentlemen considered the charac-
ter of the present Supreme Court; and if you add
upon that calendar all the cases which would
come up upon appeal from this court we are about
to establish; if, in other words, you compel the
Supreme Court to perform all the business that
properly belongs to it, and in addition all the eases
which this bill contemplates, I ask any gentleman
acquainted with the character of that court if he
supposes speedy justice is to be the result? No;
on the contrary, the next application you will
have will be for another Supreme Court of the
United States to discharge the legislative, not ju-
dicial business, which this bill imposes upon them.
Otherwise the claimant will have his claim con-
tinued from term to term, and from year to year,
before final judgment can be reached.
But, if I understand the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mallory,] when that judgment is
obtained it cannot be executed until the further
action of Congress; so that, instead of providinga
nearer road for the claimant to justice, you make
the road more circuitous. You send him first to
this court, then to the Supreme Court, and then
to Congress. I do not sec how you expedite the
final disposition of the right of the claimant by the
constitution of another court in which he may be
heard.
But, sir, I doubt, and if I understand the lan-
guage of the Supreme Court, they doubt, whether
they have jurisdiction in any such cases. I un-
derstand the Supreme Court of the United States
to have decided, in two or three cases, that they
had no jurisdiction of any case where they could
not execute their own decree; that a part of the
province of the court is, to first determine what is
right, then decree that right, and then issue their
process for the execution of their decree.
Now, here is a case brought into the Supreme
Court of the United States. They issue their de-
cree and enter judgment against the United States
in the case—a judgment which this act declares
shall be final; and yet they are perfectly power-
less to enforce their own judgment. I understand
the Supreme Court to say that they will recog-
nize no such jurisdiction as this, and it seems to
me they ought not to recognize it. Make a de-
cree, be required to make a deciee, and enter a
judgment which shall be final, and yet have no
power of enforcing it! That is notacourtof law;
that is not what is meant by the judicial powerof
the land; and I submit that you cannot compel the
Supreme Court of the United States to come here
and perform any of the legislative duties of the
land; you cannot compel them to be an arbitrator
to decide how much is due from the Government
to the citizen; you cannotcompel them to perform
any such office. It is not within their jurisdiction
as a Supreme Court of the United States.
It seems to me that if reflection has been given
to this bill there are manifest objections to it which
will occur to any one. You raise to a dignity
equal to that of the present United States judges
seven more men. You constitute a chief justice,
and virtually make the officers of another Supreme
Court, and all this merely to aid the Legislature
in determining what is rightas between the claim-
antand the Government, when we have a tribunal
now in existence well adapted to that very end,
less expensive, with less machinery, but leaving
to tins Congress the right to control their own
Treasury, and to do what they shall deem to be
just between the citizen and the Government. I
will not detain the House with further remarks
upon this bill.
Mr. POUTER. I desire to renew the demand
for the previous question. Before doing so, how-
ever, I wiil yield to tiic gentleman from New
Mexico, who I understand desires to submit some
remarks upon this bill.
Mr. WATTS. As I have perhaps had as large
an experience in the management of the business
before this Court of Claims as any man in the
House, I will claim its attention for a very few
minutes for the purpose of answering some of the
positions assumed by the gentleman from New
York, who has just taken his seat.
In the first place, I take it for granted that there
is no member of this House, nor any person in the
country, who is not willing to see justice done
fairly and impartially between the Government
and its citizcns. If there is a sovereignty existing
in the Government, there is also a sovereignty ex-
isting in the people; and every man, so far as his
legal rights are concerned, is just as much entitled
to have fair and impartial justice rendered to him
when he has a claim against the Government, as
the Government has when it has a claim against
him. Now, there are public tribunals everywhere
through the country before which the Government
can go and assert its demands in courts of justice
against the citizen; and is it anything but fair, right,
and proper, that a similar tribunal shall be created
by Congress before which the citizen can go and
assert his rights against the Government?
If there be anything improper or unjust in this
view of the case, I confess that I am not able to
see it. Is there any member of this House, is
there any honest man from one extremity of the
country to the other, who is not willing to pay
any just and legal demand which any citizen of
the country, however humble, may have against
the Government?
The member from New York [Mr. Diven] is
alarmed at the idea of an innumerable number of
claims rising up before this tribunal. Well, what
if they do? If they are just claims miffht they
not as well rise up before this as any other tribu-
nal? If they are just claims might they not as
well be passed upon by this tribunal as to bepassed
upon by Congress? How is it when claimants
come before this House for relief? The honest
claimant has to run round and buttonhole mem-
bers of committees, and, perhaps, after all his
trouble, go away disappointed, while the dishon-
est claimant, with more energy and more perse-
verance, will succeed in obtaining the passing of
his dishonest claim through the House. That is
the kind of justice that is meted out to claimants
in this House.
But the gentleman from New York tells us that
these claims involve the discharge of legislative
and not judicial duties in their adjudication. Sir,
the question is one of purely a judicial and nota
legislative character. No member of a legislative
body has [ho right properly, in his legislative per-
son, to exercise the judicial function of dotermin-
ingfas to the legality of a claim. Let him confine
himself to the discharge of his legitimate legisla-
tive duties and he will have quite as much as he
can properly attend to, without departing from his
legitimate functions and entering upon the judicial
function of passing upon claims.
All the fears of the member from New York as
to the amountof the claims that will be presented,
and as to the frauds that will be perpetrated upon
the Government by the passage of this bill, I assert
are unfounded. Will any man inform me that
there is a greater possibility of imposing upon a
great judicial tribunal, with lawyers employed
upon both sides, with witnesses examined on both
sides, than upon a legislative body like this, where
there is no counsel employed or heard except on
behalf of the claimant in favor of his claim ?
Mr. DIVEN. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him if each side is not allowed counsel before
the Court of Claims ?
Mr. WATTS. The reason why the gentleman
is opposed to this bill is because the Court of
Claims is much more likely to be imposed upon
by fraudulent claims than the House of Repre-
sentatives. His argument very strangely is that
the Court of Claims will be much more easily
misled than Congress.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 have made no such intimation;
but I did say that the court was confined to strict
legal rules, and had no equitable power.
"Mr. WATTS. The jurisdiction of the court is
proposed to be of this character: it is provided
that the Court of Claims shall hear and determine
such chum or demand both for and against the
Government and claimant; and if upon the whole
ease it finds that the claimant is indebted to the ■
Government, it shall render judgment to that [
effect, and such judgment shall be final, with the
right of appeal, as in other cases herein provided
for. Is there anything there to sustain the gen-
tleman in his objection? I think not.
The gentleman's real objection is that the Gov-
ernment has made large contracts with private
parties for the supply of large quantities or arms,
and that the Government may be called upon "to
pay out large sums of money to satisfy the de-
mands upon it because of those contracts. What
an objection ? If the Government has made a
contract for arms^and the contractor has, under
the terms of his contract, supplied the arms to the
Government, is there any man here who will say
that he ought not to be paid ? The gentleman, it
seems to me, is in favor of that most disreputable
of doctrines—the doctrine of repudiation. He
would assert the principle before this House, that
whenever the Government has made a contract
which it is burdensome upon the Government to
comply with, it shall shield itself behind the doc-
trine of repudiation. I cannot believe that the
gentleman's argument in that regard will be sus-
tained by this House of Representatives. I be-
lieve that this Government is able to stand up and
face the music. 1 believe that it is able to dis-
charge every honest obligation, and that it is able
to fulfill every honest contract that it has ever en-
tered into. I believe that it is willing to do so,
and that the gentleman from New York is an un-
faithful representative of the justice and magna-
nimity of this Government. "He is an unfaithful
representative because he would put bars in the
way of the exercise of that justice.
But this court is satisfactory to the gentleman
from New York so long as it is a mere commis-
sion to report upon a case to Congress and with-
out final jurisdiction; but so soon as it is made a
court of justice, where a claimant can have a fair
and impartial trial and some decision upon his
case, it is objectionable to him. 1s there any rea-
son that there will be an unfair leaning on the part
of the court in favor of the claimant and against
the Government? Certainly not. The only ob-
jection in the world which could be reasonably
made against this bill would be that it would have
a leaning toward the Government rather than to-
ward the claimant. The court is created by the
Government. It is paid by the Government.
Therefore,in all cases of doubtful law, uncertainty
of proof, and questionable equity, the court, it
would be supposed, would give the benefit of that
doubtful law and uncertainty of proof to the Gov-
ernment, and not to the claimant. It is the past
experience of the investigations of claims that the
court is liable to render too little justice, instead
of too much justice, to the claimants that present
to it their claims for adjudication.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is a step in the right di-
rection, and ought to be passed by this House at
once. It is a measure of justice, and inaugurates
an honest practice on the part of the Government.
No Government, sir, can last long, or deserves to
last long, which is not disposed to be just to its
own people.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Has any other Gov-
ernment provided any such tribunal for the adju-
dication of claims against it?
Mr. PORTER. In every great nation in Eu-
rope thereis a judicial tribunal which decides upon
claims against the Government; and especially is
this the case in GreatBritain. Claimsrefused by
the executive department are referred to that tri-
bunal, and to its decision the king himself has to
submit.
Mr. DIVEN. Does that relate to real estate?
Mr. PORTER. H relates to all claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Is there anything
in the bill to guard against the payment of claims
of those who have been in rebellion against the
Government?
Mr. PORTER. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabauger] covers all of
that ground.
Mr. WATTS. All I care for, Mr. Speaker, is
that Congress shall provide some proper judicial
tribunal before which the citizcns of the United
States may appearandpresenttheir claims against
the Government, with the certainty of having a
final decision upon them. One objection made to
this bill, which has that purpose in view, is that
the fourth section of the bill would result, if
passed, m great hardship to the citizen. If the
Government has a claim against the citizen it al-
