1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lows that claim to be used as a set-off to any claim
against the Government by the same party. 1
think, instead of being; an objection, that that is
the beauty of this biii. I do not see why the
citizen should not be as willing to do justice to
the Government as the Government is willing to
do justice to the citizen. It is certainly as much
the duty of the citizen to pay the Government as
it is the duty of the Government to pay the citi-
zen. As one of the members of the Judiciary
Committee desires to speak on this question, 1
will not occupy the attention'of the House any
longer.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
that, after the clear statement of this bill by my
respected colleague on the committee, [Mr. Por-
ter,] the House would have been prepared to
vote on its adoption. Those who have been in
the House but a few years must have felt long
since the necessity of some such legislation as is
proposed and provided by the terms of this bill.
The Court of Claims, as it is now organized, as
the House well knows, are but commissioners m
chancery. They can make no final decree or judg-
ment of any kind, whatever decision ihcy come
to after long and laborious examination, upon
the claim of any citizen of the United States;
they report to this House, and that report is placed
upon the Calendar, where its consideration takes
up much of the time of the House, and subjects
the Representatives of the people, without any
foundation whatever, I am pleased to say, to false
and injurious imputations, whether they concur
in the report of the Court of Claims or not. We
have time and again seen in the public journals
that this man and that man have been approached
in the legislative Chambers, and that-their in-
fluence has been secured for the adoption or re-
jection of this or that reportof the Court of Claims.
For myself, I am not afraid to say that 1 have
never seen one of those gentlemen who are said
to constitute the third branch of the Legislature;
and Ithink that I may say the same thing for my
associates upon this floor. It is a public scandal,
and ought to be put an end to.
And furthermore, it will be a matter of economy
to enact a law of tins sort. I undertake to say
that more money is expended in the consideration
of questions of this sort in this House than would
pay one half of the claims allowed by the Gov-
ernment for the last ten years. The Calendar has
upon it now for the consideration of' the Mouse,
when it lias the leisure, something like a hundred
reports fiom the Couit of Claims. No matter
whether the report is favoiable or adverse, it re-
quires lime to consider it in this body, Is an
assembly of one hundred and eighty or two hun-
dred Representatives of the people a fit tribunal
calmly to consider and decide questions of fact
and law touching an individual's claim against
the Government of the United States?
Having made these remarks, i desire to pass to
the consideiation, very briefly, of some of the
objections utgud by my colleague in the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary [Mr. Di\j;n] against the pas-
sage of this bill. He first taises a cuiistitutioii.il
question. I presume he refers to the artiHe of the
Constitution which provides (hat in suits at com-
mon law, where the amountclaimed shall exceed
twenty dollars, there shall be a trial by jury.
Mr. DIVDN. 1 do not say that this bill is un-
constitutional; but that it places a party where,
if he avails himself of its ptovisions, he is de-
prived of a constitutional right.
Mr. I3INGHAM. 1 am ^iud to hear my col-
league state that be does not consider ihn bill un- ;
constitutional. The language of the Constitu- 1
tion is:
•'In suit* at common law. where tlio v.Uue in contio-
ver^y shall exceed twenty dollar, the iiL'iit of trial by iuiy
shall Ik; pie^eivcd,'' &c.
I agree with my friend that this provision of the '
Constitution does not touch tins bill at all. The :
bill < an ui no sense be said to be unconstitutional, \
and the reason is that a suit by a citizen against j
the Government is not a suit known to the com- i
mon law. The common law does not, and never .
(lid, lepognize the right of the citizen to sue the !
sovereign. ;
Mr. DIViiN. Let me inquire of the gentle- '
man whether, when the Government sues a citi- 1
z en in u court ot'l.iw to recover a claim, he is not i
under that provision of the Constitution, entitled' i
to the light of a trial by jury r i
April 15,
Mr. BINGHAM. I was coming to that soon;
but that is the very reverse of this question. The
sovereign, by the common law, has power to sue
a citizen, but a citizen, at common law, has no
power to sue the sovereign.
All that I desired to say in this connection was,
that there can be no colorable constitutional ob-
jection urged against this bill—and I understand
my colleague upon the Judiciary Committee [Mr.
Diven] to concede that fact—because it is not a
suit at common law; it is wholly unknown to the
common law. This bill does not provide for an
action to be brought by the Government of the
United States against its citizens. There is no such
thing in it. It giants the privilege, ex gratia,lo
the citizen of the United States to prefer his claim
and have itadjudicated in a tribunal which the bill
proposes to establish. That is all there is ofit. It
proposes to transfer from theonly tnbunalin which
he can now appear,as the law now stands, upon
his own motion, to wit, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, lo a tribunal where his claim can be
calmly and consideiately examined, and be passed
upon according to law and equity.
No citizen of the United States ought to com-
plain of that. The simple question before the
House to-day is, whether we will grant this piiv-
ilege to citizens of the United States, or whether
we will retain the old system, and allow the citi-
zen to get along the best way ho can, to the infi-
nite disgust of the community at large, and the
disgrace of the Representatives of the people.
1 beg leave further to remark in this connection
that there can be no colorable constitutional objec-
tion to this bill, in view of the fact that if a citi-
zen of the United States, after the passage of this
bill, prefers his claim against the United States
before this tribunal, it is a matter of his own elec-
tion. The bill does not compel him to do so; he
need not do it. It there be counter-claims between
him and the Government he may bide his time
and allow the Government of the United States
to sue him in the proper tribunal; in which case,
as my colleague upon the Judiciary Committee
remarks, lie may be entitled to a trial by jury, and
he may prefer his set-off.
In this connection allow me to refer to one case
in the judicial history of this Government, touch-
ing a claim of the citizen of the United States,
winch will illustrate the necessity of this legisla-
tion. i refer to the case of Reeside, which has
come under the observation of my friend since he
has been a member of this House. It is twenty-
odd yeais, if I recollect the record aright, since
the Govei nmcnt of the United States instituted its
action against Reeside and his sureties in the Uni-
ted States distiiet court of Pennsylvania. Reeside
presented his claim for a set-off against the claim
of the United States arising upon his bond. A
jury was impanneled, and after many days'trial
the juiy found a verdict in favor of the defendant;
that is to say, they found an excess in the claim
against the Umted States over and above the equi-
table claim of the Government, to the amount of
some hundred thousand dollars. My friend upon
the Judiciary Committee says it was more. Per-
haps U was. Well, sir, as the law stood, the court
could not render judgnientagainst the Government
of the United States; the court could do neither
more nor less than to render a certificate of the
fact that the jury had found for the defendant. No
money in the I reasury eon Id be reached, and none
was reached, and the case was hung up nearly a
quarter of a century, until the citizen went to his
grave, and his widow, in her weeds, came to the
Halls ot Congress and asked that justice might be
done to her and her children.
The bill proposes to remedy all that sort of
thing. If a citizen has a valid claim against the
Government of the United States, he, of all otheis,
ought to Know it; and the bill providesthathe may
present that claim for consideration through either
House of Congiess. It contemplates, in other
woids, that he may exorcise the privilege guar-
antied to him by the Constitution of the land, of
petitioning the Congress of the United States for
a redress of!nsgiie\ances. The bill provides that
wh'Mievvi a petition is filed in either House, the
claim shall be citified to this tribunal for final
decision. And when a citizen files his claim, he
elects to do that under the law, and m accordance
with the law. The bill piovides that it shall be
certified by the Scriefary of the Senate on the one
hand, or the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives on the other, for a full adjudication and decis-
ion by this new tribunal.
What more? Gentlemen may say that they
would not like to intrust to a tribunal of five judges
of our own court—judges liable to impeachment
and removal from office for misfeasance or mal-
feasance in office—the adjudication of all claims,
inasmuch as some claims of an enormous amount
are sometimes preferred against the Government
of the United States. If there be anything in that
objection—and I desire to be brief in whatl have
to say about the bill, which seems to me to be
very plain, and which ought to commend itself to
the consideration of the judgment and conscience
of all the Representatives of the people—if there
be anything in that objection, this bill has wisely
guarded against that objection. How? That, by
a joint resolution of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, you may oust the jurisdiction of (his
tribunal at any time upon any particular claim,
and retain it before Congress for final decision and
determination of this House and of the Senate.
What more do the people ofthe United States ask?
The bill, then, is simply a bill to facilitate the
administration of justice between the Government
of the United States and its citizens. If a claim
be presented so enormous in amount and so man-
ifestly without any color of foundation that it
ought not to go to this legal tribunal for consid-
eration, the bill very wisely reserves to the Repre-
sentatives of the people and the Senators the power
lo keep it in their hands by a declaration by joint
resolution that it shall not go there, but be re-
tained here for final determination.
The bill in other respects is well guarded. I
see that my colleague upon the Judiciary Com-
mittee is disposed to say something about that,
and 1 only stop to remark that it is very wisely
piovidcd that if there be any fraud practiced, or
attempted to be practiced, upon the part of any
claimant against this Government in the demand
or establishment of his claim, such act of fraud
upon his part shall forever forfeit his claim, no
matter what it may be.
This, sir, in my judgment, will go very far to
put an end to these attempts to corrupt the legis-
lative department of the Government to obtain—
if there be any truth, at least, in newspaper asser-
tions—the allowance of claims which m equity
and justice should never be allowed, to put gen-
tlemen upon their good conduct, and to give them
to understand by formal provision of law, that any
attempt at fraud upon their part shall so taint
their claim, no matter whether there be equity in
it or not, as to forever forfeit it to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
I have but one further remark to make upon
this subject, and that is, that, in my judgment, a
wiser or more necessary act of legislation touch-
ing the individual interests of the people of the
country has not been presented to this House,
and ! trust that the House will be slow to reject
the bill,at leastuntil they hear some valid reason
assigned why it should he rejected.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, we now have
no Courtof Claims. We have thatwhich has been
long called by that name, but which has none of
the attributes of a court. It is at best but a com-
mittee recommendatory to the standing commit-
tees of Congress. It has no power to determine
finally any question. It makes its favorable and
its adverse reports, upon which Congress is called
upon to act. I object to the present organization
because it is not a court. It should either have
more powers or it should have no power, for of
itself it can accomplish nothing.
The bill which has been reported, and is urged
by my colleague upon the Judiciary Committee,
[Mr. Porter,] proposes to make this organiza-
tion a court, and to give it the powers of a court,
and the determinations of a court. If that is not
right, then the court should be abolished. One
or the other should be done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as we propose to make use
of this old organization, under the idea of recon-
struction lo accomplish new results, one or fwo
questions naturally arise. The first is, whether
the constitution of this court is deserving of the
confidence of this House; and the second is, if it
shall not he deserving of confidence, whether we
will make it so.
Sir, I know nothing about this court. I do not
know a single gentleman sitting as a judge of this
court, nor do I wish to know him. It is enough
