154
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 21,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Mallory.
Ho. oi? Reps.
into me in relation to the meaning of this very
instrument, be brought to sanction a proceeding
which,ignoring the trial and personal punishment
of a party guilty of an offense, jumps over the
proceeding against him, and takes hold of his
property, so that you can punish him through
that, and that alone. One of the greatest bulwarks
of" that Constitution, if notthegreatest, is the clause
in winch is incorporated that provision of the
Magna Gharta, that no man shall be deprived of
hislife, liberty, or- property, except by due pro-
cess of la.w.
Is this great provision regarded in these pro-
ceedings in rem ? Why is the party punished by
the forfeiture of his property? Because he is
guilty of treason, or, as the learned gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] calls it, rebel-
lion. He is punished, by having his properly
taken from him, because he has been guilty of
rebellion against the Government of the United
States; that is, bearing ajms and levying war
against the Government of the United States. ^ It
is not rebellion, sir, u is treason; the Constitution
compels you to call ittreason; it is so necessarily.
But says he, and say others, we can ignore the
crime; we can let the offender go unpunished m
his person; we can disregard the necessity for his
Conviction of crime, and, by this proceeding in
rem, by seizing his property, punish him for an
offense of which he lias never been judicially found
guilty. You say that it is proper to punish him
for treason or for rebellion, if you choose, and
you are guilty of the enormous and outrageous
wrong of punishing a man, by depriving him of
all his property, befoie you have found lum guilty
ill a court of justice of the crime for which you
punish him. That, I suppose, in the opinion of
these gentlemen, is the " due process of law "con-
templated by the Constitution of the United States.
If it be, I have greatly misconceived that instru-
ment, and the rights secured to us by it.
Now, sir, I have always heard that one of the
most infamous and damnable things that could
be done was to hang a man and theii try him for
the offense for which you hang him. Is there
any justice in that? But the enormity of such a
proceeding is excelled by that of the measures
which the distinguished chairman of the commit-
tee on confiscation proposes to this House; for
in this bill lie proposes to take a man's property
and forfeit it to the Government without first try-
ing him and proving him guilty of the criinc for
which he is thus punished,and he is never to be
afforded a trial for tin; offense. The gentleman
from Massachusetts ami my distinguished friend
from Missouri [Mr. Noeli,] s.iy this is the " due
process of law." If' it be, it is such a law ns
could only be enacted by the vilest despot that
evcrreigned oil the face of'God 'searth. Onrfathers
knew nothing of a proceeding of this sort. They
were not in the habit of resorting to litis hocus
pocus, this ground and lofty tumbling, this presti-
digitation, for the purpose of getting at the means
of punishing a citizen for a crime of which he has
never been convicted. The usual practice was—
and God grant that we. may get back again to that
old custom—to arraign him, to confront him with
Imaccuserand witnesses, try him, find him guilty
of the offense, and then punish him in his person
or in his pocket, or both. The sooner we come
back to that old practice, the sooner we acknowl-
edge by our legislation in this Hall the true doc-
trine and the tiafe teaching of the Constitution of
the United States, the sooner will we become the
respected body which the Congress of theUnited
States ought to be in the estimation of the people
of this country and of the world.
Mr. Speaker, it was not my intention to have
pursued this branch of the subject even so far as
this. I am candid and free to admit that, in the
present juncture of public affairs, with great and
imminent dangers Impending over and stirround-
iii'j us, I deem it inexpedient to adopt any act of
confiscation or forfeiture of the estates of rebels
engaged in this wicked and unprovoked rebellion.
1, sir, have no sympathy with that rebellion.
Mr. BiNGIIAM. Will Lhc gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry of him?
Mr. MALLORY. [ would rather that the gen-
tleman would allow me to go on with my remarks
without interruption.
• Mr. BINGHAM. 1 have nod esire to inter-
rupt the line of the gentleman's remarks. I sim-
ply wanted lo make an inquiry for my own in-
formation.
Mr. MALLORY. I will hear the gentleman
with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether he has ever seen in any com-
mentary upon the Constitution, or in anything
connected with the debates in the national conven-
tion,or in any of the statutes, any intimation that
the word " forfeiture" in the Constitution is ne-
cessarily limited to estates?
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, in the inves-
tigation of this subject, when I found that the Con-
stitution of the United States limited our powers
in punishing the crime of treason, so far as the
property ofthe person was concerned, to forfeiture
during the life of,thd party, I inquired what was
meant by " forfeiture." 1 found, on searching the
English law, that forfeiture means taking (as a
punishment for cnmc) by the king or Govern-
ment any property that a man owns, and I sup-
posed that the woid forfoitute in the Constitution
meant and was intended to mean nothing else;
that it applied to property in estate and could ap-
ply to nothing else. I diu not suppose that it had
entered into the imagination of any man to con-
ceive that it had any reference to anything else
than the estate of the person attainted. Whatelse
could it have been intended to mean? Does it
mean that the party attainted of treason should
not forfeit his life except during the life of the per-
son so attainted ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am perfectly willing to
answer the gentleman's question,if lie desires mo
to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. I will hear fhe gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. BINGHAM. I undertake to say that a
careful examination of the original draft of the
Constitution will lead the gentleman himself to the
conclusion that the terms " corruption of blood"
and 4' forfeiture," as used in that Constitution, are
convertible terms, and that the word " estate" is
neither expressed nor implied in that connection.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I have looked
in the books, not perhaps to the same extent, not
perhaps with the same research, not perhaps with
the same learning and natural acumen as the gen-
tleman, but I have looked at the books with some
care in relation to this matter, and that examina-
tion has led my mind to the conclusion that cor-
ruption of blood and forfeiture were two different
things. That is my understanding. I may be very
much in eiror. ]f 1 am, I will most cheerfully
stand corrected by any learned gentleman upon
this (Ioor. I believe that that is the common law.
I understand that is the interpretation, not only
of common lawyers, but even of uncommon law-
yers.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire what the term " corruption of blood"
means, if it ever had any significance at all ex-
cept the forfeiture of one right or another?
Mr. MALLORY. The words 45 corruption of
blood?"
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I have always understood
that by " corruption of blood," which is the result
of attainder, all power of transmitting through the
blood any estate or inheritance was cutoff; that in-
heritance could not be derived by his descendants
through one whose blood was corrupted by attaint
of treason. This is my understanding of the
English law.
Mi. BINGHAM. I would inquire if that is
not the forfeiting of a right that pertains to the
ciLizcn ?
Mr. MALLORY. Unquestionably; the right
of inheritance pertains to all citizens, and that
right is forfeited and lost by the descendants and
heirs of the person whose blood is corrupted, and
not by the criminal. It is no loss on his part. It
was this corruption of the blood and forfeiture
which were worked by attainder of treason by
the laws of England, that the provision of our
Constitution, on which I have been commenting
was intended to prohibit.
Mr. Speaker, l wish to proceed, in the discus-
sion of this question, to ofeher topics. I wish to
review the policy of these measures, and the scope
and purpose of those who are its advocates, or at
least of a large number of those who are its ad-
vocates upon this floor. The learned gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] the chairman
of the committee on confiscation, has reported
to this House two bills upon the subject. One of
them, as he thinks,entirely ignores the subjectof
slavery*, it makes no provision in relation to slaves
eo nomine; it simply provides that all the property
of certain classes, named in the bill, shall be for-
feited to the Government of the United States,
because of the commission by them of the crime
of rebellion, or, as I call it, treason.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Kentucky allow me to interrupt
him?
Mr, MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I beg leave
to call the attention of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to the fact that this bill proposes to confis-
cate the property of thousands who have never
committed any crime.
Mr. MALLORY. I am coming to that, sir.
That was what I was about to attempt to show.
I was about to remark that the first portion of the
hill confined its operation to the classes I have
spoken of. The second, or some other section of
the bill, provides that after the President of the
United States has issued his proclamation to the
inhabitants of a rebellious State, ordering them to
lay down their arms and submit to the Govern-
ment and laws of the Union, the property of every
man who does not obey that proclamation shall
become forfeited to the Government of the United
States. I contend, with my learned friend from
Massachusetts, that this provision of the bill is
sweeping and universal, and that, from the very
necessities of the case, it embraces all men, of
every degree of wealth and character. Do you
tell me that if the President of the United States
determines to issue his solemn proclamation (and
he does issue his proclamations very solemnly)
ordering the people of Alabama at the present time
to lay down their arms under the penalty not only
of losing their lives if they persevere in their re-
bellion, but of also losing their property, that proc-
lamation can ever be expected to have any effect
within the limits of that State? Do you not know
that a power hostile to the Government of the
United States has control and authority within its
limits? Do you believe that by any agency that
you orthe President can devise, this proclamation
can ever find its way into the State of Alabama?
And if you were so lucky as to penetrate the brist-
ling hnesoftheenemy, and tocause the proclama-
tion to be read at every court-house and cross-road
in the State of Alabama,do vou believe thateven
the loyal men, those who have reluctantly and
unwillingly engaged in this rebellion, those who
would willingly lay down their arms (as I believe
hundreds in that State would) and aid the Gov-
ernment of the United States m asserting the su-
premacy of the laws and of the Constitution, do
you believe that one of those men has the power
to obey that proclamation? History tells us of a
lawgiver who hung up his laws so high that they
could not be read, and yet icquired them to be
obeyed. It seems to me that the provisions of
this act assimilate, in their chaiacter of justice and
mercy, to the conduct of that lawgiver.
But, sir, this bill, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] intended to show, is not
restricted to other than slave property. I suggest
to that distinguished gentleman, that by the pro-
visions of the bill itself, which forfeits all the prop-
erty of those persons described in it, slaves are
included as property, as every other description
of property is; that the effect and result of his bill
will be that slaves will be proceeded against in
rem, as every other kind of property will be, and
that if his bill be honestly carried out, they will
be conveyed to the shambles and sold by the
agent of the Government of the United States at
public auction, and the proceeds of the sale placed
m the Treasury of the United States, to help de-
fray the expenses of the war. I am supposing that
both his bills do not pass. I believe he is himself
hopeless of the passage of the second bill, but
thinks he will get the first bill through. Each bill
stands on its own merits. They are to be voted
on separately; and I am supposing what the effect
of the policy wdl be if his bill in respect to slaves
be rejected, and the bill I am discussing be passed.
