1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2635
thirty-four, providing for constructing burglar-
proof vaults at tin) treasurer's officein New York,
repairs to custom-houses, and repairing Govern-
ment warehouses on Staten Island, should be
transferred to the end of section one, where they
more appropriately belong.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a few additional
amendments; first I propose to insert at the end
of section one:
For compensation of four additional drawkeepersforthe
two draws at the Potomac bridge, .$3,066
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Another amendment is at
the end of section two, to insert:
For compensation of fom additional drawkeepcrs for the
two draws at the Potomac bridge, from the dates of their
several appointments to the 30th of June, 1862, $395 40.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Another amendment to
come in at the end of section two, also:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation forthe con-
tingent fund of the Senate for furniture of the rooms, gas-
fitting, repairing, painting, painting materials, and other
miscellaneous items, §10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend in the second
section after the-word "dollars," in the seventh
line, in the appropriation for lighting the Capitol
and grounds, by adding:
And the act incorporating the Washington Gas Light
Company is hereby so amended as to piohibit the said com-
pany from receiving, alter the 1st day of July, 1862, more
than twenty-five cents per one hundred cubic feet for the
gas furnished hy it to any customer, subject to a discount
of notless than ten per cent, on all bills lorgas, if paid at
the office of baid company within five daysfiom the lcndi-
tion thereof: Provided, All arrearages shall have been pre-
viously paid.
I simply desire to say that in this amendment
I have followed exactly the phraseology of a pre-
vious amendment to an appropriation bill which
was approved on the 25th of June, 1860, except
as to the amount. The provision if adopted will
reduce the price to be paid for gas to $2 50 per
thousand cubic feet. The amount that wo now
pay is $52,000 a year to the gas company, and
this will make a saving to the Government of
$15,000 a year,and reduce it to an amount which
it is believed by those who have had an oppor-
tunity to thoroughly examine the subject will be
fairly remunerative to the company. It'weshould
use as much gas another year as we did the last
year during the short session, it would reduce
our bill to something like $39,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only objection I
have to it is, that I am afraid it will embarrass
and may possibly defeat the bill, which is an im-
portant one, by making a long discussion in the
other House or somewhere else. I do not know
anything about this matter. It is very desirable,
of course, to have the priceofgasaslowas it can
reasonably be afforded, and I do not know but
that the sum named in the amendment is a rea-
sonable one; but I should like to ask the Senator
what assurance he lias that it can be furnished
and afforded at that rate? It is rather bad legis-
lation to attempt to amend charters in appropria-
tion bills, and the House of Representatives al-
ways object to general legislation in such bills,
and we find great difficulty in getting our bills
through when such legislation is put upon them.
I do not know but that I might be in favor of this
proposition if it were presented by itself. If it can
be done, no doubt weshall save money by it; but
I should like to know from the Senator what
examination he has made in reference to the mat-
ter.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state, in the first place,
that this subjecthns been brought to the attention
of the Committee on the District of Columbia,
who have been exceedingly annoyed by efforts
that have been made to secure the passage of new
gas company charters. We havehad one or two
bills pending, and there is one now in the other
House. There are a great many objections to
incorporating another gas company here, for the
reason that the Government owns some of the
mains, and if we establish another company that
will furnish gas at a lower price than the present
company does, it we desire to make a saving we
shall have to take the mains away from this com-
pany, and that would get us into a conflict be-
tween the companies. It seems to me unjust to
destroy or do anything that would be calculated
to injure this company, inasmuch as it has now
some thirty miles of mains laid, and furnishes
remote parts of the city where the consumption
of gas is small, and, consequently, where the
profits to the company are small. I have, there-
fore, thought it best for the company and the city,
as well as the Government, that they should be
required to furnish gas at a fair consideration,
and not incorporate another company to come in
rivalry with them. This company have gas-
ometers of a sufficient capacity to accommodate
the Capitol and all the city. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
what the price per thousand feet is now?
Mr. GRIMES. Three dollars and fifteen cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then this is a reduction
of sixty-five cents per thousand. They must be
making very enormous profits now if they can
afford to furnish it for $2 50.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do not know what the prof-
its are. I never knew a company that was will-
ing to acknowledge that it was making large
profits; but I do know that this is about ihe aver-
age price of gas m other cities. In many cities
it is furnished for less. I think in Brooklyn they
furnish it for a dollar per thousand; but taking
all the cities together they furnish gas for about
two dollars and fifty cents per thousand feet on
the average.
Mr. FOSTER. Only in very large cities.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the city where I live
they charge $3 50.
Mr. FOSTER. It is frequently four dollars in
small cities.
Mr. GRIMES. But in the city where the Sen-
ator from Maine lives they do not get n consumer
like the Government,which pays $,52,000 in a
lump, which is worth to the company as much
as a city of twice the size of Portland.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That reminds me of an-
other matter which I wish to mention. I do not
know whether this proposition is right or wrong;
my only fear is of embarrassing an appropriation
bill by it. I have no doubt they make enormous
profits out of the Government. The Senator, how-
ever, I see, applies the reduction to every con-
sumer, private persons as well as the Govern-
ment. I do not know at what rate the company
can afford to furnish gas. We undoubtedly pay a
vast deal more than we ought to pay for the light-
ing of the public buildings. I call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that we have underneath
here what Iconsider to be, in a very great degree,
a nuisance—an eating establishment, which bums
gas in its kitchen and rooms day and night at the
expense of the Government. What does it pay
for rent? Nothing. It does not pay anything,
and yet we are furnishing gas for that establish-
ment—for the benefit of every rowdy who chooses
to go there—at an enormous rate, burning all the
time. So it is in the eating establishment in the
center of the Capitol, which is said to be for " Sen-
ators only," but where I never go and find a de-
cent chance to get in, there are so many people
there who are not Senators, and whom I do not
know. We are liberal. We fit up these estab-
lishments; we allow them to burn gas day and
night at the expense of the Government, for the
benefit of the persons who keep them; it is no
benefit to anybody else that I am aware of, be-
cause my experience has shown meihat Senators
will not make use of them when we are obliged
to sit here for a considerable number of hours, for
the sake of staying any longer, but they must go
home for theirdinners. I should think these places
might be convenient places forgetting something
that would operate by way of staying our stom-
achs until we got through business. I do not see
what advantage the Government gets from them,
and I think there ought to be an improvement in
that respect. I do not see why we should be fur-
nishing gas for the benefit of the keepers of these
establishments. The reason for it is to me a mys-
tery. I am a little afraid of this amendment. I
should like to have some improvement made in a
proper place. I shall not object to it now if the
Senator will say to me that lie has examined, or
that a committee has examined and ascertained
to the satisfaction of the committee, that gas can
be furnished to customers in this city at the late
he mentions; but merely upon a loose opinion 1
think it would be dangerous to put such a provis-
ion in this bill—not dangerous in itself, but dan-
gerous to the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt that there
should be some amendment made to that charter.
Perhaps it will be better'for the company itself.
I have some information in regard to the manu-
facture of gas, and I have no doubt this company-
can furnish it to the Government at the price
named by the Senator from Iowa in his amend-
ment, the Government owning the mains; but I
think it might be well to have the amendment so
modified as to allow the company to charge other
customers twenty-eight or thirty cents the hun-
dred feet.
Mr. GRIMES. I knew that if I varied by the
crossing of af or the dotting of an i from a propo-
sition already submitted and passed,! should meet
the frowns of the chairman of the Committee oil
Finance; but I thought that as he had already con- *
sented to the adoption of a similar pioposition 
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that passed?
Mr. GRIMES. In 1860.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not chairman of the
committee at that time.
Mr. GRIMES. But the Senator must have
agreed to it; and as he had consented to an amend-
ment in almost exactly the same phraseology, I
thought he would hardly object to its being incor-
porated on this small appropriation bill. But, sir,
I shall not press the amendment if it is deemed
objectionable by the Senate. I want to call the
subject to the attention of the Senate, and I should
like to get rid of the annoyance to which the
Committee on the District of Columbia are now
subjected on the part of persons who arc desiring
to secure the passage of bills incorporating new
gas companies, which I believe, if incorporated,
will in the end be prejudicial really to the interests
of the company, of the citizens of the town, and
of the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not make any ob-
jection to the proposition itself; 1 only say that I
am a little afraid of its effect upon the bill. If
Senators are satisfied that gas can be furnished at
the price named, 1 shall not make objection; but
the bill is an important one, and I hope it will not
be delayed by this matter.
Mr. CLARK. Dunng the last session of the
last Congress it will be remembered that a hill
was introduced and passed both Houses of Con-
gress incorporating u new gas company, and re-
ducing the pnee of gas; it will be remembered
that a'Senator from Indiana, who was supposed
to bo interested in the old gas company, moved a
rcconsideralion of the bill, and talked ltto death,
so that the session expired before we could act
upon his motion. At this session there has been
introduced a bill incorporating another gas com-
pany. It was supposed to be a bona fide bill, and
that some parties desired to have a company in-
corporated for the purpose of furnishing addi-
tional facilities, but it has since been ascertained
upon pretty good authority that that bill has been
brought m here, and has been conducted by par-
ties connected with the old company; so that if
that bill is passed the old company will still be
secure m their monopoly.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think that is true.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator says he does not
think it is true. I am not prepared to say it is
true, but parlies fearing that it might be true have
prepared another bill, and I offered it to the Senate
yesteulay, and by permission of the Senate intro-
duced it, and it was referred to that committee for
the very purpose ofgetting a new company, if that
fact were so. Now, here is a good opportunity,
il seems to me, to introduce a reform m rcgaid to
the old company. I think gas can be furnished
at the rate suggested here; at any rate, it can be
furnished to the Government at that ia.te; and if
the Senator will modify his amendment so that it
shall be furnished to other consumers fortwenty-
eio-ht or thirty cents the hundred feet, I think—
aifd I unileistand him to be willing to accept the
modification—it will then be just to the company
and will secure a beneficial reform.
Mr. HALE. I hope that something will be
done with tins matter, but 1 am satisfied that this
amendment will not amount to anything. I know
somethmgaboutthisgasandits operation; I know
nothing about the machinery. Some years ago—
it has not been so bad lately—between here and
the National Hotel where I boarded, the smell of
gas in the street from morning to night, and night
