156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
31TH C(HfG....2D SESS.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Mallory.
Ho. of Reps.
who, as far back as I can trace them in America,
were the owners of slaves, and I have made the
declaration upon this floor that the condition of
slavery is the very best condition in which you
can place the African race. That is my deliberate
conviction. I mean here in the United States of
America, and in those States where slavery exists.
I repeat, 1 am no slavery propagandist. I will
never consent to impose slavery on an unwilling
people. 1 have said on a former occasion, and
repeat hare, that if I believed that slavery was in-
consistent with the enjoyment of constitutional
freedom, I would oppose slavery, and strive to
gersuade the people of my State to "wipe it out."
;ut I said then, as I assert now, that there was
no such incompatibility. Slavery existed at the
time the great principles of political liberty were
established and put into practice by the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States. Those
great rights and slavery have coexisted ever sinca,
and can continue to coexist forever. The interfer-
ence with it by Congress in States where it exists
is in violation and destructive of all those great
rights.
My conviction is that when these gentlemen
shall have worked out their crusade, when they
shall have accomplished their object by confisca-
tion and emancipation, by all and every means,
constitutional and unconstitutional, under the plea
of necessity, they will find themselves in a predic-
ament harder to extricate themselves from than
that in which they now are. What do you intend
to do with the slaves when they are freed ? Where
will you give them a tarrying place ? Do you ex-
pect to place them upon the lands of the South,
where the climate is congenial to them, and where
the soil yields those products in the cultivation of
which their labor is peculiarly profitable? Do
you intend to turn the three millions of slaves you
may emancipate by this confiscation bill loose
among the free whites of the southern States
whore they ore now held in bondage? Do you in-
tend, by a course like this, to'inaugurate scenes
like those which occurred in Hayti some years
ago, a war of extermination between the white and
black races, until, after scenes of carnage and hor-
ror, that race is swept away—utterly extirpa-
ted? X hope not,for the sake of humanity. I hope
there is not a man here so deaf to the calls of hu-
manity, so indifferent to its claims, as to propose
to inflict upon that race and the white race such
n curse as that.
What, then, do you propose to do with them?
Do you propose to let them go from the South,
redeemed and regenerated as you say, into your
free States of the North ? Oh, no, you contem-
plate no such condition as that for them. You
exclude tliem, as you would a leper, from your
States. _You say they shall not come among you
and participate in that liberty of which you boast
so much, and which you say should be extended
to every human being. You make the emanci-
pated slave a pariah and an outcast. You do not
allpw him the privileges of a freeman, though you
here contend tor such privileges for every human
being. Deliver me from all such philanthropy
and bennvolcncc as tlmt.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to remind the
gentleman that his remarks are too general; that
he does injustice to a majority of the free States
of this Union. A large majority of them do not
exclude any Aliiean from them.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask the gentleman from
Ohio if he is willing to throw open the doors of
that great and noble State, that rich, fruitful, and
productive State, to the three millions of slaves
that may be liberated by these emancipation and
confiscation bills?
Mr. BINGHAM. Its doors are open now.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. When did you repeal the
law prohibiting them?
Mr. BINGHAM. As soon as wo turned the
Democratic party out of power. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. 1 know that the gentleman
from Ohio does not intend that this exodus from
the South shall find us way into the State of Ohio,
as the Israelites did fiom Egypt into Palestine.
Wo; he has too much regard for that State, and is
tooanxious that its fields shall be tilled by free
white labor, and has too high u sense of the char-
acter and attributes of the Anglo-Saxon race, ever
to be willing that the blacks shall go there and be
the competitors of the free white men of Ohio for the
rewards of labor. It may be that Ohio may now
permit the entrance of free negioes occasionally,
but when that immense swarm of negroes, worse
than the swarm of locusts that destroyed Egypt,
commences to pour itself over into that State, the
doors will be closed against them, and he knowsit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that I have no idea myself that under any
possible pressure I will ever consent that any man
born upon the soil of this Republic, by any vote
or word of mine, shall be excluded from the lim-
its of any State, my own included.
Mr. MALLORY. I learn from that that the
gentleman is an exception, for that is not the sen-
timent which prevails among those with whom he
is acting. That is not the character of most of
these philanthropists and humanitarians.
Mr. COX. I will say, too, that the sentiment
of my colleague is not the sentiment of the people
of Ohio; and that as soon as they have a chance to
restore the Democratic party, they will keep oot
the blacks and prevent their competing with white
labor.
Mr.BINGHAM. Ihavenodoubtofthat; but
it will bo a good while after this before they will
have the power.
Mr. MALLORY. Having obtained from the
gentleman from Ohio an expression of humanity
and benevolence for which I was not unprepared,
let me go further, and ask him if he is willing to
grant to this horde of blacks, let loose from the
southern States, free ingress into Ohio, and be-
stow upon them all the rights of free white citi-
zens, the rights and privileges and attributes of
American fiee men? Will he allow them to be
judges, and members of the Legislature, and mem-
bers of Congress and Senators from Ohio?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am ready to answer that
question. I answered it once before, I thought,
to the satisfaction of the gentleman's venerable
colleague, [Mr. Wickliffe.] I said then, what
every gentleman in this House knows right well,
that political privileges, among which is the priv-
ilege of the elective franchise, belong exclusively
and necessarily,under every form of government
beneath the sun where it is exercised, to the act-
ing majority, and whenever it accords with the
popular sentiment and will, and not before, they
may be extended to either black citizens of the
United States or any other class of citizens of the
United States now excluded from the elective fran-
chise. The fundamental law of the State of Ohio
excludes the entertainment of that idea by the citi-
zen, because it limits the elective franchise to white
persons. I would prefer that the limitation had
not been put there, knowing, as I do, that an ovcr-
whclming-majoiity of the men who wrought out
our independence scorned to put it into the first
charter of the American Government, and, if I
recollect aright, by the unanimous vote of the Rep-
resentatives of eight States, to the vote of the Rep-
resentatives of two of the smallest in the Confed-
eracy.
Mr. MALLORY. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Ohio for his answer. He says that this
whole matter to which I have called his attention
is to be disposed of by the majority of the white
men.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MALLORY. I hope I shall be permitted
to proceed for a few minutes longer.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope so.
Mr. MALLORY. I am always willing to ex-
tend the same privilege to others, and have never
objected to it.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. MALLORY. In response to what has fallen
from the lips of the gentleman from Ohio, inas-
much as the majority of the people of his State
have control of this matter, and inasmuch as he is
a great leader in that State, for which leadership he
is doubtless qualified by his brilliant talents and
his profound learning}! wish to ask him if he will
use his greatand powerful influence in Ohio so to
guide, and control that majority as to cause it in its
legislative supremacy to concede to the poor liber-
ated Africans these great blessings, the right to
hold office in the State of Ohio under its constitu-
tion, and the right to vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman does me
honorovermuch in assuming thatl have any great
amount of influence among men; but in answer to
his question I am very free to say that I do not
undertake, according to my own judgment, to
accomplish anything except in its right time and
in its right season. I do claim, however, for nay-
self, and I have never hesitated to say so, that it
is the duty of the majority, in so far as may ac-
cord with their own sentimentof the publicsafety,
to extend the elective franchise to all natural-born
citizens, and to all naturalized citizens who pay
taxes, and are resident within the State; and so
the gentleman has my answer.
Mr. MALLORY. Well,his answer isoracular.
Mr. BINGHAM. It may be oracular.
Mr. MALLORY. He told us without hesita-
tion that he would throw open the doors of Ohio
to the blacks; he told us that he had no hesitation
m saying that the matter of admitting them to
\^>te and hold office depended on the will of the
majority; but when I come to the other and more
serious question, we have the answer which the
House has heard, and which I will not repeat.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me for making this suggestion, that in what I
have already said I do not recognize the right of
the majority to expel any natural-born citizen from
any rood of the Republic, or to deprive him of his
right to live there, to work there, and to enjoy the
fruits of his own toil; but 1 do recognize the right
of the majority, and I have so said before, to limit
and restrain the exercise of political privileges,
among which is the right of suffrage.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I understand that the
gentleman will not say what he would advise the
majority to do at this time in relation to this mat-
ter. Now, I think it is very clear, whatever may
be said by the gentleman, that this class of persons
who are to be liberated in the slave States of the
South by these laws are not to be admitted, in a
great measure at least, into the free States of the
North. Two thirds, if not three fourths or four
fifths of those States, will exclude them. Now,
when you set three millions of men fiee by your
solemn enactment, you are bound by every con-
sideration of justice and humanity to provide for
them. If you do notdo it, I scorn anddetestyour
humanity. You must provide for these people ifyou
free them. How will you do it? Will you colonize
them? Have you, gentlemen,who know that the
people of this country are staggering now under the
enormous burdens imposed upon them by this terri-
ble and necessary war, ever reflected upon the im-
menseaccumulation of taxation you will have to im-
pose upon your constituents if you undertake to
colonize and support negioes? If you liberate them,
you are bound by every consideration of duty and
common honesty to support and provide for them.
It is a low estimate to say that it will cost $400
apiece to purchase territory for them, to transport
them to it and colonize them there, and to support
them until they are able to support themselves.
Thus you will impose a debt of $1,200,000,000
upon this already overburdened nation. Are you
willing to go home and face this responsibility be-
fore your people ? Are you willing to go home
and say to those who sent you here, " we have
taken three millions of happy and contented slaves,
pwho were in the most proper position m which
they could be placed by human laws, and conferred
upon them the great and inestimable blessing of
freedom, and in order not to let these miserable
creatures starve and perish in our land, we have de-
termined to tax you to theamountoff1,200,000,000
to colonize and support them?" I would not like
to go to my people and tell them that I proposed
to make tliem share in such a burden. I would
not be welcomed with the declaration, "Well
done, good and faithful servant;" they would
repel me from their confidence and trust.
Mr. Speaker, I heard the other day of a distin-
guished philanthropist on this floor, one of those
gentlemen who are strong advocates of these hu-
manitarian schemes, one of those who believe in
the equality of the white and black races, one of
those who believe that one of the greatest boons
ever extended to any people by any legislative body
in the world was that tendered by the resolution
which was passed a short time since in the offer
to those States which will emancipate their slaves
of remuneration for the loss and inconvenience
