1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2637
that a similar case—precisely similar, identical in
every respect—had been moved as an additional
section to an appropriation bill which passed
March :i, 1861, and in drawing this amendment I
followed the language of that bill, which isasfol-
lows:
"That the Secretary of State be dnected to audit and
the accounts of Charles J. Helm, consul general of
the United States at Havana, upon the principles of justice
and equity, tor the expenses incurred by him in preparing
and making the leports and icturns, and bringing up the ar-
rearage* of the business of his predecessor in that office,
and lor extra clerk hiie in his office, and for moneys ad-
vanced to destitute American citizens, and for extra lent,
and to pay the amount thereof, not exceeding the sum of
$8,768, out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
The precedent you see, therefore, is precisely
^in point. The only question then was as to the
characterof this claim; and on a mostcarefulex-
amination of the items the committee were satis-
fied that there was a considerable amount which
was justly due to this consul. I will not take up
the time of the Senate by reading the letterof the
Secretary of State, which I have before me, but
simply ask attention the items: first, for extra
clerk hire; secondly,the necessary travelingex-
penses beyond the limits of the consulate. The
claim, as presented, was much broader than what
the committee thought proper to allow. It was
for all traveling expenses, in which was included
the expenses of a good many journeys from Bre-
men to the port of Bremen, which is forty miles
off. That the committee were not disposed to
allow; butjourneys made under instructions from
Washington, to the minister of the United States
at Berlin, who is now among us, and also to the
consuls of the United States at Frankfort, in order
to confer with those gentlemen, with regard to
American citizens whose military services were
claimed in Europe, were thought proper subjects of
allowance. Those journeys, it will be under-
stood, were outside of the limits of his consuUtc,
and the Departmcntof State thought it wasproper
to allow it. Then the third item is moneys ad-
vanced to destitute American citizens. I find that
several appropriations have been made by Con-
gress from time to time on this point for the relief
of the consuls at Panama, Havana, Hong Kong
and Mauritius. At the two first places, Panama
and Havana, it is stated that American citizens
are often overtaken with sickness and thrown
destitute upon the charity of the consul of their
country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were not made on
genera! appropriation bills.
Mi. SUMNER. I cannot speak exceptforthe
Havana case. I think they were all made on gen-
eral appropriation bills, but I have not the appro-
priation bills before me. Bremen is a port where
there is a large emigration to this country, and
where American citizens are often in straits which
compel them to resort to the chanty of the con-
sul; and the evidence was that in this case our
consul had been heaviiy drawn upon. The ques-
tion then was whether he should be allowed togo
Without any compensation on account of these
losses or saciifices lie had made. The committee
thought it was proper that something should be
made up to lum, and they concluded on the pre-
cedent of the appropriation bill of March, 1661,
to report the amendment which I have now moved.
It simply provides that the Secretary of State shall |
audit and settle his account on principles of jus- '
tice and equity, within the limits of $3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That case of Helm is
distinctly within my recollection. It was objected
to, and "decided by the Chair to be out of order
once or twice, on the ground that it was a private
claim. It gave rise to a very spirited debate, in
which the fate Senator fiom Illinois, Mr. Doug-
las, took an active part. Mr. Helm was a par-
ticular friend of his, and he caused the amend-
ment to be made. It excited some feeling m the
Senate, and how it got on finally I do not now lee-
ollect; that is to say, how the question came up;
but it was in fact by a vote of the Senate, taken
in some form. By the skill of the Senator, which
was very well known, carrying all on his own side
of tiie House and coaxing some gentlemen on this
to vote with him, he succeeded m getting it on the
bill; but it was decided by the Chair to be out of
order, on the ground that it was a private claim,
once or twice. I think this is of the same char-
acter, and I object to it, not that 1 have the slight-
est doubt but what it is all right enough, but feel-
ing under an obligation from the position I hold
with reference to the bill to ask that the rules be
enforced.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that the 30th rule be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine object to the amendment as being out
of order?
•Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, that the objection is well taken.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it is ruled out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the impres-
sion of the Chair that it comes within the rule
which excludes private claims from being added
to the appropriation bills.
Mr. HALE. I was going to remark, in addi-
tion to the statement of the chairman, that I re-
member the decision in the case of Helm, and it
was the occasion of one of the most unpleasant
and unhappy controversies that ever took place
in Congress. It was brought about by the per-
sonal solicitation of Mr. Douglas, after it had
been ruled out of order by the Chair. I recollect
what took place then, and I know it was a very
disagreeable affair.
Mr. SUMNER. There was an amendment
made to this bill when it was last up, which I
should like to have reconsidered; but the question
occurs to mo whether it is now within the reach
of the Senate. I wish to know whether it is now
in order to move to reconsider the amendment by
which the compensation to Henry K. Brown,
James R. Lambdin, and John T. Kensett, as art-
ists on the Capitol, was struck out of the bill. If
the decision had been simply in committee, it
would clearly be in order now to proceed with it
in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was struck out both
in committee and m the Senate, and then the bill
went over for further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator's motion is not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I make the inquiry of the
Chair. The Chair will excusc me if I further
inquire, is there any way m which that can be
reached and that item restored ? Grievous injus-
tice has been done to these gentlemen. I have the
papers now before me showing the circumstances
under which they were appointed and the ser-
vices which they rendered. I myself was a wit-
ness to their services, and J feel that it is very un-
just that this compensation should be struck out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will
pardon the Chair, it will be a question for the
committee of conference to be appointed. As it
was in the bill of the House, it will be a question
for their discussion and decision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was struck out on the !
same ground, that it was a private claim. It was
put in by the House, to be wure.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that it was
stricken out on the ground that it was a private
claim J
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was one of the
grounds. Another ground was that on an exam-
ination ofthe facts, we came to the conclusion that
the allowance ought not to be made. But the only
way it can be reached is by a conference. The
House will undoubtedly insist upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. As the subject is mentioned,
I merely wish to sav that I had some acquaint-
ance with these gentlemen. It was a pleasure to
me at the time. 1 am satisfied they rendered im-
portant service, for which they have received ho
compensation, and I believe that when they were
appointed they had every reason to expect a com-
pensation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I undertake to say that
that is not so. When appointed, they expressly
disclaimed the idea of wishing to receive compen-
sation.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a statement in reply
to that, which is signed by the chairman of that
commission.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion is out of
order, and I think debate is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is wholly
out of order. There is no question before the
Senate. ...
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatsubjectisnot
in the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. That having been struck out
of the bill, and the question being on the bill, ot
course it involves everything that has been put
into the bill or struck out of it. I think it is in
order on the passage of the bill to speak of what
has been struck out of it. I merely want to do
justice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator to order.
I ask whether it is in order to argue this ques-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator might
allude to what ism the bill in arguing for or against
its passage; but certainly it is not in order to dis-
cuss what is not in the bill.
Mr. DIXON. I wish the Senator would read
his statement. I desire to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine has
made'a statement with reference to these gentle-
men 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Merely denying whatyou
said.
Mr. SUMNER. I hold in my hand the evi-
dence which is decisive on this subject. It would
not take half so much time to read it as our con-
versation has occupied. Here it is:
Washington, D, C., May 13, 1852.
I will state, as I find the point lias been raised in a com-
mittee of the Senate, that neither the arti>ts of the coun-
try, nor those composing the art commission appointed by
the Piesident, ever understood or contemplated serving as
commissioners for the Government without compensation,
nor was &uch a proposition or suggestion ever made by or
to them.
In occupying the position they necessarily abandoned
theirhome employments, and atthesame time cut themselves
off from all Government commissions, and it is not to be
supposed that they could leave their legitimate professions,
take up their lopideneo in a stian«e city, foi the benefit of
Government, and s-uppoit themselves without compensa-
tion from the Government they served. And further, neither
of these gentlemen had unieirftood that their compensation
was to be lived at $3,00(1 pei annum, they could not have
occupied the position at all.
It any statement contrary to thefoicgoing has been made,
cithci In debate in Congress ov otherwise, it was wholly
unauthorized bv any member of the commission.
H.K.BROWN,
Chairman lute United Slates Jlit Commission.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say, in reply
to that, that in the debate which took place in the
House when the authority was given, it was ex-
pressly stated, ovei and over again, that no com-
pensationwas to be paidtothe.se gentlemen; that
they were anxious, for the benefit of art, to have
a commission. They called a meeting1 of artists
here in the city, to choose their own men. I will
not assert this, but my impression is, it was so
fixed m the resolution that they were to serve
without any payment; but certainly it was stated
over and over again in debate, and it was the
only gi ound on which it passed* *
Mr. SUMNER. Itmay have been stated over
and over again in debute. Of that I know noth-
ing; but I have myself a perfect recollection of
the presence ofthe artists hern. My intercourse
with them was daily, and I am sure theve was
no such understanding1 on their part then, nor on
my part.
Mr. DIXON. I desire merely to say, that my
recollcction agrees entirely with that of the Sena-
tor fiom Massachusetts.
Mr. HARRIS. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to offer an
amendment, providing for the payment of extra
compensation to the late consul at Munich, for dip-
lomatic sei vices rendered by him, but I am not
sure that the late rulingof Chair will not exclude
this amendment. It is for extra compensation to
a consul for extraordinary services rendered by
him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be excluded
under the rule of the Senate, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. HARRIS. Of course I do not want to
press it on the Senate under that ruling.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts. I movt 
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 will ask the Senator
from Massachusetts to allow mo to make a motion
which can be disposed of m a minute.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 have been
giving way the whole day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been giving way
for thirty or forty days.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, Well, I will
yield to the Senator.
