1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
which have been adopted for our guidance are the
rules which it would bo well for every man, even
in common life, before he entertains a charge
against his neighbor of the most trivial land, to
adopt, and winch it would be well to adopt in this
nation to-day, when the very atmosphere is rife
with slander, when it comes on every gale, and
every breeze is laden with it. It would be well
if we had more charity, and could better observe
the rules of law before we believe those things of
our neighbors.
I said the other day thattliose who make charges
should prove them, and they should prove them
so as to relieve them of all reasonable doubt. I do
not mean technical, I do not mean mere captious
doubt; but I mean that reasonable doubt which
will make a resolute man hesitate when he is about
to act. That is the doubt which I have hcic, and
I give to Mr. Bright the benefit of that doubt. I
would give it to anybody.
It has been said that that was a false rule of
construction, that it should be reversed, and in-
stead of acquitting a man upon a doubt, we should
convict him upon a doubt; or, in other words, if
you are doubtful of a man's loyalty here you arc
to act as though he were a traitor, and expel linn
for that reason. Sir, I can never agree to it. If
the whole world were to rise up and assert it, the
thing is so abhorrent to my reason and to my sense
of right that I never could, agree to it. What do
you mean when you are doubtful of a man's loy-
alty? You mean that you do not know whether
he is loyal or disloyal. You mean that you have
not been able to dive down into the inmost re-
cesses of his heart and ascertain what is going on
there; but until you can get down there, or until
you have an overt act which proves his guilt
clearly to you, what aie you to do? It seems to
me the law of nature alone, even if there never
had been a Christian i eligion on earth, would have
taught a man what to do m such a case. The rule
of law is nothing more than the rule of religion
when you come to examine it and to got down to
the bottom of it, and that is, that you are to have
charity for your lellow-man until the proof of his
guilt is beyond all question; and then as a judge
you may punish, and not otherwise.
I trust that with this explanation everybody
will be satisfied. I hope they will, because any
effort that is made here tor the maintenance of
these rules, for their certainty, and that they may
be observed, is not only for the benefit of Mr.
Bright, but for the benefit of all mankind. I stand
. upon these rules, not because I regard his case.
In the face of the importance they assume to me,
I care nothmgabout him whatever; but I care for
human liberty everywhere; I care for that fair
play which distinguishes American law as de-
rived from the English law; and I rare for all
those great principles which have romo down to
us for a thousand years, hallowed by the wisdom
of our ancestors: and I never, any wheie or m any
assembly, will abandon them. I have nothing
more to say.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has closed his lemarks
with some very conservative talk; but his preced-
ing remarks were very general, irle has been
undertaking to occupy a position in the mainte-
nance of what I call his wiong upon purely tech-
nical grounds, and in his conclusion he throws
himself out in the broad field of general opinion.
I must object to the whole tenor of his observa-
tions, for he puts his argument upon technical and
legal grounds. He says the Senator from Indiana
is not a traitor, and therefore ought not to be
ejected. That is the logical statement of his prop-
osition. He has avoided the entire argument. If
I were a prosecuting attorney, employed by the
Gfovernmentof the United States to maintain trea-
son against the Senatot Ironi Indiana, I think I
could do it by the exact rules of law. Hut i do
not understand that, sitting hen. as a Senate, we
have to woik by the terms and tules that govern
justices of the peace, county judges, judges of the
circuit court, or judges of the Supreme Court, or
judges anywhere, We stand here to determine
what is right for the Republic. I believe, and I say
it here m the Senate,that we have—1 will not say
lost—almost lost the dignity that belongs to the
Senate of a republican Government. It would be
well for all of us if we could think that the Senate
of the Republic of the United States was a great
body where wise men undertook to sit in council.
It is not appreciated or felt, but it would be agreat
thing for all of us if it were. I have thrown out
here rather the expression of my heart than the
exact measure of my opinions.
Sir, I am astonished that the Senator, an able
lawyer, one of the ablest lawyers that sits in this
Hall, could engage in this discussion, and put the
question upon purely technical grounds. I rose
merely to say to him that this is not a question of
treason or no treason. It is no question of law.
We have not to ask whether the Senator from In-
diana is guilty or not guilty. We- have to judge
him in our best judgment, and by that we try
him; and we say " yea" or " nay" as we think,
whether he be a true man or not to sit in the Fed-
eral councils to conduct the affairs of the nation.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not rise for the purpose
of making a speech again on this subject. This,
sir, is the most solemn moment of my life. What-
ever Senators may say or think about it—it may
be an illusion on my part—I believe before God,
to whom 1 must answer, that as I stand here I*
have resting upon me and my conscience all the
solemn obligations ofajudge; and that Tam bound
by every consideration of justice and cxpcdicncy
to decide the issue submitted to my arbitrament
according to the Ions established and long decidcd
rules of evidence. Every principle of patriotism,
every instinct of self-preservation, every sugges-
tion of a wise expediency demands at my hands,
as a Senator, that I should use all honoiable ef-
forts to keep this high department of the Federal
Government entirely pure from every tincture and
taint of disloyalty. God knows we have open en-
emies enough in the field demanding all our atten-
tion and all our resources, without cherishing in
our own household a secret foe. I acknowledge
this fact; 1 feel it; but at the same time I feel that
I stand here between the country, on the one hand,
and one of its citizens, over whom it throws the
protecting shield of the Constitution and the laws,
on the other; and I recognize as the great value
of eonstitutionalliberty the principle that the pub-
lic liberty consists in private security and immu-
nity from wrong. In that security is the true test
of public liberty; and there can be no public lib-
erty where the rights of individuals arc not se-
curely protected. Standing, then, between the
country, on the one hand, and one of its citizens,
high in office, on the other, E say I feel the great-
est sense of responsibility that ever lested upon
my conscience before.
It may be that I am a little unused to occasions
like this. That is the fact; but I have a duty to
peiform, and T intend to peiform it to the best of
my ability: and I say here now, sir, that although
I am not fully satisfied with the explanation of the
Senator from Indiana on the one hand, yet as a
judge, resting, as I believe, under the obligation
'of an oath—for when I took the oath to support
the Constitution I believed it implied that every
duty I performed as a Senatoi should be performed
under (he sanction and under the obligation of that
oath—I cannot believe that the Senator from In-
diana is worthy of expulsion. 1 may be wrong;
but acting upon the great legal principle that where
there is any doubt, the doubt should inure in fa-
vor of the party accused, I believe that, under all
the circumstances, I shall best discharge my duty
to the Senate, to the country, to the Constitution,
to the obligation of the oath which I ha\e taken,
and to my own sense of what is right, by record-
ing my vote against the passive of this ^.-solution.
'"The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 14; as follows:
YEA^-—Anthony, ttro\viui:Lrj Chandler, CMtrk,
('oiiainei. 7)avi-, Divon, DooJitiJe, Fewm!."), Eoot, Fos-
fei, Guin'^, Hale, Harlan. flendeiMm, II own id. Howe,
Johnson, King, Lane ot Indiana, Me!Imuran, Moo ill. i'om-
eioy. Sheonrui, Simmon', i^ninnei, Tiiuiihuil, \\ :ul<\ W il-
kiii-o'i. Wiimot. Wil-sou ofMa-siU'IiUodt-. and WiL-on of
NAY.-5—Ba\cirt], Caihh', Cowan, H;nn>. Ken-
nedy, Prater, Powell, Riee, Saul-bmy,
T<"U lljekj Thomson, and Wiiloy—14.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this ques-
tion the yeas are the nays are 34. More than
two thirds having agreed to the resolution, it is
passed. [Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order! order!
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to introduce a bill
i of winch no previous notice has been given,
i Mr. RICE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be received.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 5, 386*2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MISSOURI RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the engrossment and third reading of
House joint resolution No. 37, in relation to cer-
tain railroads in the State of Missouri, the consid-
eration of which had been postponed to this day.
Mr. HOLM AN. I see that several of the gen-
tlemen interested in this resolution are not now
present; and as the Committee of Ways and Means
desire to go on with the legal tender bill to-day,
I move that the resolution be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
that motion by postponing the further considera-
tion of the resolution until this day week.
Mr. IIOLMAN. If itisnotconveniem to take
it up to-morrow, I will make no objection to a
longer postponement.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that the
further consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until Friday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my motion.
The question was taken; and the further con-
sideration of the resolution was postponed until
Friday next.
ARMORY, ETC., AT ROCK ISLAND, ILLINOIS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of tbo Legislature of Iowa
directing the Senators and icquesting the Repre-
sentatives from that State to procure the establish-
ment, at the earliest possible time, ot a United
States aisenal and armory upon the island of Itock
Island, Illinois; which was hud upon the tableand
ordered to be printed.
PLKYLES'S LANCERS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
consideied, and agieed to:
Rcsolvc<l, That the Committee on Miliiaiy Affair*foe In-
stnietod tomquiie into the juopriotv oi authorizing tlir.See-
tetarv ol Wai to rattle and \>ay the claim* for pay of the
olUceis and nimot Colonel IMeylcs's regiment ot lancers,
disbanded by the oider of the "Coveimnent m November
last, in Buihngton, Iowa; and to icport by bill or otherwise.
IOWA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege. I
present additional papers in the Iowa contested-
election case of Bymgton vs. Vandevor, and move
that they be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
fiEOROE W. SMALL.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported back the
memorial of George W. Small, and moved that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce, to
which committee it belonged.
The motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTES, ETC.
Mr. SPACJLDtNG. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. W1CKLIFPE. Before wo go into com-
mittee I hope the House will limit the debate, so
that we may ha\e a vote to-day on the pending
bill.
The SPEAKER. The House is now in com-
mittee.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Wholuon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mali out in the chair.)
The CIIAHtMAN. The question before the
committee is the consideration of House bill No.
210, to authorize the issue of United States notes,
and for the redemption or funding thereof, and for
funding the iioatins; debt of the United States; on
