1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
their wisdom they may think proper to extinguish
slavery, which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of
slavery, which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. HOWARD presented two memorials of
citizens of Michigan, engaged in the lumber busi-
ness, praying for a reduction of the proposed tax
on manufactured lumber, and complaining of the
operation of the reciprocity treaty; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of "citizens of De-
troit, Michigan, praying for the passage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, presented a peti-
tion of the board of directors of the Savannah
branch of the Southern Bank of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying that provision be made by law for
the payment of the Floyd acceptances held by that
bonk; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the adoption of such rules
and regulations for the Army and Navy as will
give freedom to all u persons held to service or
labor" under the laws of certain States, within all
the military and naval departments or districts
occupied or to be occupied by the Army and Navy
of the United States, with a reasonable compen-
sation to loyal masters; which was ordered to He
on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the passage of a
general uniform bankrupt law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was leferred Senate bill No.
227, to authoiizo the President to take possession
of certain property and for other purposes, and
also Senate bill No. 233 to confiscate the property
of rebels and for other purposes, have directed me
to report them back to the Senate and ask to be dis-
charged from their further consideration. These
bills arc germane to the confiscation bill, which is
now pending in the Senate. The Judiciary Com-
mittee have acted upon this question, and sub-
stantially they arc offered as amendments to the
bill now pending in the Senate. The committee
ask to be discharged from their further consider-
ation.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL also, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
266) for the more convenient enforcement of the
laws of the United States concerning security to
keep the peace and for good behavior, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on the
Post Oflicc and Post Roads, to whom was re-
fi'm'd the petition of Daniel Wevand and John D.
Roddy, sureties of tlarvey C. Marks, late post-
master at Somerset, Pennsylvania, submitted an
adverse report; which was oidered to be punted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ilaivey C. Marks,
postmaster at Somerset, Pennsylvania, praying
for a settlement of his accounts as postmaster,
and to be ir3eased and discharged from the judg-
ment obtained against him in the district court of
the United States for the western district of Penn-
sylvania, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. T am di-
rected by the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, to whom were referred vaiious memo-
rials, petitions, and other papers in icgard to the
establishment of a national foundcry and armory,
to repot t them back with a request that the com-
mittee be discharged fiom their further consider-
ation, and that they be referred to the specialcom-
mittee on that subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on the
PostOin.ce and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 191) to authorize the Platte
Country Railroad Company to carry the overland
mail, and to receive pay for the same, reported
it without amendment, and adversely.
Mr. HARLAN, fiom the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was rcfeired the bill (S. No.
261) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862," reported
it adversely.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill (S. No. 272) to establish
a land office in Colorado Territory; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 76) relating to the compensation of Sen-
ators elected or appointed to fill vacancies; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr.HARLAN asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
273) for the relief of James McAvoy; which was
read twicc by its title, and referied to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
274) to provide a temporary government, for the
Teriitory of Lanmwa; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Rcpiesentatives,
by Mr. Etueridgb, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 220) to amend 44 An act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against the
United States,"approved February 24, 1855; and
A bill (No. 403) to amend an act entitled " An
act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue certificates of indebtedness to public credit-
ors," approved March 1, 1862.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 188) to reorganize and increase
the efficiency of the medical department of the
Army; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 50) transferring the
supervision of the Capitol extension and the erec-
tion of the new dome to the Department of the
Interior.
COURTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary have instructed me to report back a bill
concerning the courts of the United States in and
for the district of Michigan, and for other pur-
poses, with a recommendation to strike out the
second and third sections of the bill. The first
section of the bill, 1 will state, relates simply to
the holding of an additional term of tl\e court at
the city of Detioit, where the United States courts
in the district of Michigan are held. The second
and third sections ielate to another subject, and
if they are stricken out I presume thcie can be
no objection to the first section of the bill. I have
been requested to ask that the Senate now pass
upon it, as it merely gives an additional term of
the court.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 270)
concerning the courts of the United States in and
for the district of Michigan, and for other pur-
poses, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The first section of the bill was read. It
provides that, in addition to the courts now pro-
vided by law to be held in the district of Michi-
gan, a general term of the circuit court of the
United States for that distiict shall be held annually
at Detroit on the second Monday of February,
and that all writs, bills, pleas, suits, appeals, re-
cognizances, indictments, and all other proceed-
ings, civil and criminal, shall be proceeded with
at that term in like manner as now at the June
and October tei ms.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be unnecessary to de-
tain the Semite by reading the two sections which
the committee propose to strike out. I will simply
remark that they relate to a matter entirely for-
eign from that which is embraced in the first sec-
tion of the bill. They relate to the seizure of
vessels engaged in cuttingtimberand iumberfrom
the lands of the United States, which is a subject
alien to the main object of the bill. The object
which is embraced in the first section is a very
simple one, and that is to give an additional or
third term to the Federal courts held at Detroit
for the accommodation of suitors and the public.
That is the sole object of the bill as amended. I
hope the Senate will concur in the amendment of
the committee, and pass the remainder of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the second and third sections will be omitted
unless demanded by any Senator. Not being de-
manded, the question is on the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the title was
amended by striking out the words," and for other
purposes."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to give notice to
the Senate that if it is agreeable to them, I shall
to-morrow move to proceed to the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill, which has been
put off for some days. I should do so to-day but
for the fact that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] has the floor, and I do not wish to inter-
feie with him; but to-morrow at one o'clock I
shall make the motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. When do I under-
stand the Senator from Maine to propose to take
up the Indian bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. To-morrow.#
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
it postponed until another day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senator
that I have been waiting three weeks for the Com-
mittee on Indian Affans; I have given them notice
that 1 was waiting for them to get their amend-
ments ieady, if they had any.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They are getting them
ready. They will not be ready to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The chairman told me he
was ready to-day, if I desired.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Some have not yet
come m.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must say that the Senator from Maine merely
gives notice of his intention to move to proceed
to the consideration of a certain bill to-morrow.
It presents no question for the Senate.
ARREST OF GENERAL STONE.
Mr. HOWE. I move to proceed to the consid-
eration of the House amendment to the joint res-
olution (S. No. 26) explanatory of a certain act
therein mentioned.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it is incumbent on the Chair to place it before
the Senate for consideration, being the resolution
of the Senator from California calling for inform-
ation in relation to the arrest of General Chailes
P. Stone. The pending question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] to strike out all after the word
" resolved," and to insert:
That the Piesident ot the United States be requested to
commumeatc to the Senate unv infoimation touching the
arrest and imprisonment of Brigadier Geneial Stone not
deemed nieompaiible with the public inteiest.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, had I yes-
terday been in the enjoyment of sufficient strength
and health, I should have been pleased to take a
prompt opportunity to respond to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] I did beg of him the
courtesy,assertingmy wantofhealth and strength,
to assent to a postponement of the debate until
to-day; but it was denied by him. The privilege
was afterwards accorded to me at the hands of the
Senate, for which I thank Senators.
I would not occupy the time of the Senate,and
obstruct the general disposition of legislative bus-
iness, upon a question that I regarded as merely
personal, and affecting the status or condition of
an individual. In discoursing upon this subject,
I think I am discussing principles that he at the
foundation of the Republic. That is my apology,
if apology be needed for a Senator in speaking of
such a topic.
The Senator from Massachusetts has offered an
