THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1862.
New Series No. 42.
of the paper currency of that era should inspire us
with confidence in this measure.
The French currency expanded with great ra-
pidity. French vivacity drove their revolutionary
energies headlong. The first loan amounted to
about eighty million francs, and was followed in
a very short time by one of double that amount;
and in two years, they had issued over five hun-
dred million francs of irredeemable currency based
on nothing but confiscated estates. This issue,
considering the character of the Government
making it, and the amount of population and prop-
erty that is represented, would hardly be equaled
by the issue of eight or ten times the sum by that
Government now. One can hardly wonder that
the circulation thus thrown by Government into
the channels of business induced an enormous
rise of property of all kinds; and that even the
robust washerwomen of Paris complained that
soap had more than doubled in value. Rut the
experiment was followed, and bolstered up, as in
the case with our revolutionary paper, by laws
fixing a maximum value on property until the issue
reached the enormous sum of19,000,000,000 francs;
and the same thing was gone over a second time
by a kind of paper called mandats, issued for the
purpose of redeeming the other at a discount; but
which, in its turn, went the same road of excess
and depreciation, thousands of sheets being issued
each morning wet from the press, for the purpose
of serving the wants of the day. But it was not
only the issue of this paper, but the enacting of
violentlaws outraging every sense of right, which
attempted, on pain of pronouncing the recreant
hostile to the republic, to force a circulation of
the paper, which caused such distress and misery.
The true lesson of the issues of those revolu-
tionary times is that of moderation. They simply
teach us to avoid enormous issues. The Govern-
ment had but one method of raising money. Like
the famous Sangrado, who knew no weapon
against disease but the lancet, and whatever the
complaint, fever or rheumatism, colic or cold, his
universal panacea was to bleed; and if one letting
of blood did not suffice, another was tried, and an-
other, until disease and life left the patient hand
in hand. So when these financial doctors found
one issue of paper depreciating, they made an-
other and larger, makmgup the deficit of discount
by enlarging the figures, and, Sangrado like, fol-
lowed the remedy until the body of public credit
was destroyed.
These two, then, are the extremes.
The one plan of raising money puts the Govern-
ment on a plane with the merchant; throws it as
helpless as the individual merchant into the mar-
ket of money-lenders, and takes from them for its
bonds just the sum they please to give it; in other
words, takes the market rate as fixed by them.
The other plan makes the Government assert
an omnipotence it does not possess; makes if at-
tempt to create when it only possesses a certain
control, under a mistaken idea that because acting
in conjunction with the laws of trade, it possesses
powers which may relieve it from being hardly
pressed by them, therefore it possesses the power
to control the laws of trade themselves.
The truth lies between. The theory of power
must be taken m connection with the practices
and habits of the people. We must bear m mind
that all logic has its practical limitations.
I know there are those who havegreat and sin-
cere tear of entrance upon this plan of paper cir-
culation. They shrink from it as if they were
doing violence to the eternal fitness of things when
making anything a legalized currency except sil-
ver and gold. There is a feeling that m the normal
condition of things silver and gold are the natural
regulators of value. But neither histoiy or rea-
son justifies it. Oxen, in Homer's time, and salt,
shells, tobacco, and other articles since, have
formed currency; and it is said that now, in the
kingdom of Bjghumi, in the interior of Africa,
negroes form the larger currency and cotton shirts
the small change of that enlightened country!
Men everywhere act as their intelligent interest
and convenience dictate, and I know of no more
42
reasonable course to adopt than to act in view of
the circumstances that surround us, irrespective
of theories adopted in times of peace and only
adapted to it.
And, practically, I sec no difficulty in making
a rule for our guidance as to the amount of paper
to be issued. Wo experiment with the sum con-
tained in this bill. We issue this amount on a
venture. Let us watch the reception it meets with.
In making the issue, we measure it with popula-
tion and wealth and existing currency. We com-
pare it with the action of the past. Viewed in any
light, it is moderate and timely. Certainly it is
not less than our immediate necessities require.
But if, contrary to our expectation, this plan does
not woik harmoniously with the business of the
country, and the issue becomes depreciated, or,
what is the same thing, other values appreciate
sensibly and inconveniently, then we must refrain
from further action in the same line. There are
other remedies in our saddle-bags besides bleed-
ing, and we must try them.
If anybody complains that this is indefinite, I
reply in all confidence that it is the only rule of
action ever adopted by wise men for their guid-
ance in the many instances where they are not
directly controlled by moral considerations, or in
other words, in the hosts of cases, comprising
the great bulk of instances in which legislators
arc called to act, when there is a choice of meas-
ures, simply on the ground of what is most advis-
able for the time, what is wiser.
More than that, the trade of the country is in
an abnormal condition, caused by our own action,
and its condition for the future will depend upon
the action of the General Government. We have
given a new business to all our people. Directly
and indirectly they are all engaged in war. At the
call of the country, dropping other pursuits, our
people have taken up the pursuit of arms. It is
their business. Looking upon it from a European
stand-point, we should say that the American
people had foregone all the schemes, plans, and ,
speculations for which they have been distin-
guished for nearly a century, and turned their en-
ergies to arms. The necessities of the times called
for it, and they have yielded cheerfully their va-
rious plans for private advancement, and come to
the rescue of the body politic.
And who knows what couise this business shall
take for the next ninety days? With us here it
is matter of guess-woik. We are the money pait-
ners in this governmental concern, and it is our
duty to provide with wisdom for the wants of this
war business, and still nobody is allowed to know
anything about it; and nothing to my mind more
forcibly shows the absolute folly of the doctrines
of abnegation preached m this House and else-
where with regard to the rights and duties of mem-
bers m relation to the war. If we knew the in-
tention of the executive managers of the war we
could form an intelligent idea of the best time in
which to attempt to float our bonds, and the char-
acter of paper to issue. In other words, we could
provide more intelligently for a business that we
knew something of than for one of which we are
entirely ignorant.
If the plan shndowd forth by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who spoke so zealously
for the Commanding General, is the one which is
really to be adopted, the. sooner we supply our-
selves with the money we want the better for the
Treasury. This " anaconda" scheme, as it is well
called in the Richmond papers, simply contem-
plates inaction for the future. It is to surround,
cut oil communication with the world, threaten
after the Chinese fashion, and wait for the result.
And meantime debts that we must pay aio over-
whelming us like a flood; disease is wasting our
noble Army, and uneasiness is increasing m e^ery
portion of the loyal States; and we have yet to see
among the "white population of the rebel States a
single indication of that loyal devotion to the Union
| which is so anxiously hoped for. Even the slight
fringes upon the coast which have been taken
possession of within a few months, upon a recent
examination of their condition, are found to need
a re-conversion already. The special agent of the
Post Office Department could not find loyal men
enough in Accomac and Northampton counties to
fill the post offices vacated by resigningsecession-
ists; and at Hatteras the intelligent men of that
sandy locality have been busy conveying informa-
tion of Burnside's expedition to the enemies on the
mainland.
But, sir, I do not believe that to be the intention
of the leader of our armies. I prefer the decla-
ration of the Secretary of War, upon whom the
country now leans with entire confidence, trust-
ingly believing that his clear head and strong will
shall prove sufficient to discharge the great trusts
he has assumed with the general consent, in this
time of great distress. I listen with satisfaction to
his ringing words of commendation to our gallant
troops at Mill Spring, and believe to the full his
declaration to the Army, that—
"The puipose of this war is to pursue and destroy a re-
bellious enemy, and to deliver the country from danger men-
aced by traitors. Alaciity, daring, courageous spirit, and
patriotic zeal on all occasions and under all circumstances
arc expected fiom the Army of the United States."
I believe these inspiring words. He has struck
the key-note. The Army will respond with enthu-
siasm, and victories, which are the best financiers
in these days of gloom, shall be the happy result.
Upon the clause in this bill providing that the
notes shall be a legal tender there has been much
discussion here and elsewhere. Its importance
to the success of the measure cannot be over-esti-
mated. I regard it as the life of the plan. Strike
it out, and we are but duplicating an issue of notes
already at a discount. It is really the specie clause,
and no hard-money man—and 1 claim to be one—
should vote for the issue of these notes without it.
Objections have been made that it is unconstitu-
tional; and a word upon that point.
In my judgment, any measure of finance now
assumes the highest character. The existence of
the Government depends upon a successful admin-
istration of the finances. Crippled here, we are
balked everywhere. Upon the consideration of
every financial measure there might well present
itself anew the same question so fitly put by Pres-
identLmcoln, in his message to Congress in July:
"Is it better to assume powers, the exercise of
which shall violate a portion of the Constitution,
rather than allow the whole to be destroyedand
the country came to the paradoxical conclusion
that it was his duty, as President, to violate the
Constitution in order to preserve it.
I trust that I have as much respect for that in-
strument as any man in the House; and it is be-
cause I would not have its authority over any
portion of the Union impaired that I am bold in
the exercise of power under it. But I would con-
strue it in the light of the rule authoritatively an-
nounced for our action: " The Sabbath was made
for man, and not man for the Sabbath."
It is well known that Mr. Clay rested his sup-
port of the second bank upon a clause granting
Congress " the power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
effect the powers" expressly granted by the eigh-
teenth section of the fust aiticle. The great pa-
triot of the West, m time of profound peace, was
disposed to consider the financial question of such
magnitude as to place a law, calling into being a
fiscal agent, among: those which weie " necessary
and proper." With how much more force can
we, situated as it were amid the dying agonies
of the Republic of our fathers, acting, as many
wise men believe, as the last Congress which,
under the Constitution, shall represent the whole
country, claim that all power which, under any
circumstances, could be exercised by the Repre-
sentatives of the people should be used now.
The gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr. Mevzies]
was wrong m supposing the action of Davis and
his confedeiates had given us no new power. It
gives us the same power that the action of an in-
cendiaiy who fires my house bestows upon the
fire department, who may enter and use what they
will for extinguishing the flames, and even de-
stroy adjacent buildings if necessary to prevent
