658
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
their spreading and the destruction of valuable
property; actions which had otherwise been tres-
pass become legal and in the highest degree praise-
worthy.
I have a high respect for the motives of gentle-
men who discover so many constitutional objec-
tions to contemplated action; but for myself, I
have concluded that whatever has a tendency to
furnish means to suppress this rebellion, and af-
fords a reasonable probability of hastening the
consummation of what all loyal men so much de-
sire, is perfectly constitutional. Nothing but an
absolute prohibition would prevent me from adopt-
ing a measure which answers these conditions. I
will never render to my people as a reason why
I voted against such a measure that I deemed it
unconstitutional, nor will I assist this Congress
in proclaiming to the world and sending down to
posterity the lack of constitutional power as a rea-
son for failing to enact any law winch will have a
tendency to preserve this Union. This is no tune
for the exercise of thin constitutional pedantry.
Let us act boldly and forcibly, and so discharge the
high and solemn duty imposed upon us infinitely
better than if we shrunk from action under fear of
constitutional scruples.
Nor need wc fear that what we do will be used
as a dangerous precedent, for the circumstances
which form our justification must be duplicated
before our action can be taken us an example for
others.
The objection which is supposed to be fatal to the
constitutionality of this measure is that it impairs
the obligation of contracts. But granting that the
prohibition in the Constitution—of State action
with reference tocontiacts—extends to Congress,
still the objection has no validity. The legal effect
of all contract language is to pay the sums speci-
fied therein m legal currency. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendi.etom] is mistaken in con-
struing it to mean gold and silver only. Congress
may coin money out of gold or silver or copper,
or either alone, and fix the value; and the gentle-
man may as well say that a contract to pay §100
is a contract to pay a quantity of g;old between
five and six ounces, because such weight of gold
according to the present law represents $100, and
that it would be impaired if we passed an act estab-
lishing the value of gold coin at ten dollars to the
ounce, as to say that it means gold and silver and
will be impaired if we substitute paper. Congress
has frequently exercised the power to change the
comparative value of gold and silver. The gentle- j
man from Vermont yesterday told us how many ]
tirnesithad been done. We all know that our old
goldcoinsare worth more than those of later years;
and the Spanish dollar,formerly so common among
u<?, was driven out of circulation by the lighter
Mexican, and that m Us turn by the American
half dollar,which contained less silver than either.
The exercise of this power would have ihe same
effect upon the discharge of contracts that a de-
based paper cuirency would have, and yet it ts ;
of conceded constitutionality.
The opinions of the distinguished statesmen
who have been quoted aie of gieat value in ordi- i
nary tunes. It is well known that the opinions of !
Mr. Webster changed very gieatly at dilferent j
portions of his life with regard to trade and cur- ]
rency. Had he adhered to hisearlierconvictions j
it is quite probable he would have reached the I
object of his ambition; and were he acting with !
us now, 1 have no idea that he would hedge m the j
powers of Government. His construction of the j
Constitution was a liberal one,and would readily
adapt it to the nee,«'s.sities of the occasion. J
As to the expediency of making these notes a j
legal tender, 1 have no doubt. Those who favor i
the issue of the notes and oppose tins clause, pre- ,
sent this anomalous position: they favor the issue j
of the notes for $100,000,000 for the purpose of ]
paying creditors to whom thatsum is due. They I
say to ourTreasurer, " You will take these notes i
end pay Government debts with them at par." A I
Governmentseditor will be obliged to take these !
not.-s or wait, without inteiest, until that happy |j
P'-tiod in the tuture when the Government shall J
ivsumc the payment of specie in the discharge of '}
its indebtedness. Nobody proposes that the mar- |
ku value of them shall'bc ascertained from day !j
to day, and scah d down, as the Russian Govern- jj
ment did with their paper jubks, and payments 'j
made according to value thus ascertained. i|
Thus, then, the Government will pay its cred- Jj
itor §1,000 in bills in full discharge of a debt of
$1,000, and still it will not authorize that creditor
to pay a debt he owes John Doe,.for the same
sum, with the same money! In this way it is
tacitly acknowledged that the indebtedness of the
Government, which represents all property, is not
so valuable as that of the private citizen, who rep-
resents but a small fraction of that property. If
this be not the meanest kind of bankruptcy, I do
not know the meaning of the term.
It is said we are in debt largely. The enormous
sum of §100,000,0(10 is estimated as the amount of
floating debt. Wcarc incurring large debts every
day, and the Army and Navy are our great credit-
ors. More than three quarters of the immense daily
expenditure is made for the Army and Navy.
We have called these six or seven hundred thou-
sand soldiers and sailors from their homes into
active service, and now we cannot pay them.
What shall wc do as honest men ? Shall we issue
to them an additional quantity of Treasury notes,
when it is said here upon the floor of the House
that the sutler followed the paymaster at the last
pay-day, like a shark in the wake of a ship, and
gobbled up batches at four dollars in gold for
five dollars in notes? Would a new issue of the
same kind of paper fare any better? Some of the
leading banks of the country have already dis-
credited the old issue. Will they be any more
liberal with the new? Shall we place ourselves
entirely in their power?
If we cannot pay our creditors in gold and sil-
ver, let us come as near it as possible. It is not
doubted by anybody that making the notes a legal
tender will add to their value in the hands of Gov-
ernment creditors. It is a kind of indorsement
that cannot possibly injure the circulation of the
note in any event, even if declared by the courts
as of no validity, and will, for a time at least, add
considerably to their money value. If not ex-
changeable for specie, they will come nearer to
being of the same value.
And further: I wish gentlemen to consider the
practical operation of this measuie when castrated
of ihix clause. You authorize your Secretary to
sell #500,000,000 of bonds, lie does it, and re-
alizes perhaps $400,000,000. This amount he gets
in bank paper, itself at a discount, larger or smaller,
compared with specie. If he makes a favorable
bargain, he will obtain part of the amount in spe-
cie, and part in bank bills. He has then in hand
three kinds of money—specie, bank bills, and
Treasury notes. The value of these notes, ac-
cording to the reckonings of gentlemen opposed
to the bill, is to be measured by the price of the
bonds into which they arc convertible. If the
bonds? are sold at twenty per cent, discount, these
notes should go at that discount.
Thus the Secretary will have specie, hank notes
at three or five per cent, discount, and Treasury
notes at twenty per cent, discount. These are his
means of paying the public creditor. How shall
he marshal his assets and his creditors? Is he to
open accounts, like a broker in uncurrcnt money,
and place the bills of the Government at the foot
of the list of his assets ? And what direction shall
he give to his subordnmt< s about the payment of
bills!? Will be classify daily, and say that to Pe-
ter Kunk for a ship shall he paid $100,000 in Treas-
ury notes, and to Hilly Cheatem for blind horses
^10,000 m specie? Or will he reverse the propo-
sition ?
It may be that he will pay a part in each, but
upon what principle of division? Will he divide
in thirds, and pay one third each? Or will he
leekon the amount of each kind of currency he
hnson hand,and paym nropoition to what he has?
So that one day a Government creditor would re-
ceive a large sum in specie and little in Treasury
notes, and on another many notes and little specie.
Creditors could exeicixe their wits in finding out
the exact state of Mr. Chase's funds before pre-
senting their drafts. The rich could hold on for
the Government pond to fill up with specie, and
let the needy take the Treasury bills, because they
could not wait fur the movements of the yellow
llooah It would afford new and abundant occupa-
tion for the spare time of the head of the Treas-
ury to give audience to claimants, and listen to
the reasons they shall offer for a high place to be
given to their demands upon the assets of the De-
partment.
I fear our worthy Secretary would adopt no
such methods He would attempt, no doubt, to
mete out exact justice to all; but, amid the crowd
of suboidinatcs, who do you think would receive
the good currency and who the bad? Does any
one doubt where the soldier and the sailor would
turn up in this list of debtors? Contractors can
take care of themselves. The men who make
sharp bargains in the sale and hire of ships can
look outfortheirown interests. They would stip-
ulate specially that their pay should be in specie
or bank notes; and, in accordance with special
bargains, the best currency would go to them. The
soldier and sailor is at your mercy. He cannot
resign, for it is desertion. He cannot complain,
for it is mutiny. He cannot refuse to serve, be-
cause it is insubordination. He must work on, and
take such pay as the Government chooses to give
him. The debased notes shall be reserved for his
special benefit, and he may sell them to the sutler
for as much as he can get for them.
Such would be the every-day operation of this
bill when stripped of the clause which makes all
moneys obtained by it alike for the practical pur-
poses of life.
Whether or not this issue is large enough to in-
flate the currency is an open question. The most
intelligent men of our great money centers think
it will not. Mr. Opdyke, in his clear and forci-
ble letter on the subject, makes a reckoning of
currency at twenty dollars to the inhabitant as a
safe rule, and says that the issue of this amount
will not exceed the limit. The banks have neces-
sarily curtailed their operations with the lessen-
ing in mercantile transactions, and their bills have
been partially withdrawn. These bills will fill
the vacuum. They will furnish a popular cur-
rency. Let us send them out under the highest
sanctions, and they will carry the Treasury safely
through this period of darkness.
If we will furnish a currency to the people, let
it be as good as we can make it. Let us not fol-
low the mischievous example of European mon-
archs and debase it at the start. The readers of
Dean Swift know very well the result of such an
attempt even upon the copper coin of a small isl-
and. Let us grow wiser while reading their his-
tories. When we cannot issue a currency of the
highest kind, let us refrain altogether from the
attempt. Let it be good, or none of it be sent out
by our sanction.
The bill purports to be for a temporary purpose
only. The next sixty days are to be the oppor-
tunity for the nation to reassert itself. In them,
past blunders can be remedied, and the memory
of inefficiency be lost m the brilliancy of triumph.
1 have all faith in the war when it shall move to
the tones of our new Secretary. It has already
done much to enlighten our people as to the des-
tiny of the Republic. Civilians in high station
and officers of leading rank have been converted by
it to sound doctrines of political action. It is the
measuie of our civilization and Christianity.- In
its grand march in the future it shall carry with it,
like a torrent, the sophisms and heresies of vicious
political organizations, and presently, clearing
itself of all entanglements, it will make plain to
the world that this is a contest of ideas. It will
try aspirants for leadership, and when one fails
another shall supply his place, until, in God's
own time, the appointed Joshua shall be found
who shall lead us into the promised land of peace
and liberty.
Our duty to-day is to tax and fight. Twin
brothers ofgrcat power; to them in good time shall
be added a third; and whether he shall be of ex-
ecutive parentage, or generated in Congress, or
spring, like Minerva, full-giown from the head of
our Army, I care not. Come he will, and his
name shall be Emancipation. And these three—
Tax, Fight, and Emancipate—shall be the Trinity
of our salvation. In this sign we shall conquer.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, my apology for
troubling the House again upon this question is
to be found in the deep solicitude I feel for the de-
ranged financial condition of the country, and my
unutterable amazement at the indifference of Con-
gress to the financial perils that surround us.
Upon the decisions of this hour are involved,
in great degree, the prosperity and growth of all
the material interests of this country for genera-
tions to come, no less than pecuniary salvation in
the present.
The measure now before the House receives,
under the embarrassing circumstances m which
the Government is placed, the approbation of my
