1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16.
thank him for the compliment. I hope you will
cut my head off or shoot me; do not hang me.
That is all the prayer I have to ask.
" Our Administration is assailed because not
having the technical evidence;" as if, at least,
technical evidence might be demanded. Why,
sir, technical evidence is not generally sufficient—
never, before good judges. Technical evidence
only enables a partisan to work his purpose; but
now they arrest a gentleman, incarcerate him for
eighty days, and their apology is, from the mouth
of the chairman of the committee on the conduct
of the war, that they must arrest him, because
they cannot get technical evidence 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, it is incumbent on the
Chair to call up for consideration the special order,
which is the bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the
property and free the slaves of rebels, upon which
the Senator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to yield the floor until I conclude my
remarks. I want to say now all I have to say on
this subject.
Mr. POWELL. How long will ittake the Sen-
ator to conclude?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Probably twenty or twen-
ty-five minutes, as near as I can judge; perhaps
thirty minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yields the floor to the Sena-
tor from California, I hope it will be understood
that he yields it in order to allow us to go on with
and finish this subject. Others may take it up.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall be perfectly pre-
pared to finish the subject. I shall not ask any
friend of mine to discuss it further.
Mr. POWELL. I would cheerfully yield to
the Senator from California fora fewminutes; but
if the floor is to be claimed by others, and I am
to be postponed for another day, I may as well
go on at once.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am on the floor engaged
in discussion; I do not ask the Senator to yield
for a settlement of the question.
Mr. POWELL. I am sorry to disoblige the
gentleman; but if others claim the floor, they may
ask that the same courtesy be extended to them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is no one else on
the floor.
Mr. WADE. I certainly shall claim the floor
to reply to this gentleman, and I hope the Senate
will give me peimission to do so.
Air. POWELL. The Senator from California
must see the difficulty rn which I am placed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The floor is
entirely at the disposal of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. lie can yield it or not. If he yields it,
he yields it unconditionally; it is not for any Sen-
ator but for a majority of the Senate to impose the
conditions or terms on which it shall be yielded.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from California,
I understand, under the circumstances, does not
insist upon proceeding now. I would cheerfully
yield to him, if it were not for the state of things
which lie perceives.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 151) to confiscate the property and free the
slaves of rebels is before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL addressed the Senate for nearly
three hours. [His speech will bo published in
the Appendix.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is oil the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and insert a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until Pnday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate and
House of Representatives:
The act entitled « An act for the release of certain per-
sons held to sei vice or labor in the District of Columbia  
has tins day been appioved and feigned.
I have never doubted the constitutional authority of Con-
gress to abolish slavery in this District; and I have ever de-
sired to see the national capital freed from the institution
in some satisfactory way. Hence there has never been in
my mind any question upon the subject except the one of
expediency, arising in view of all the chcumstances. If
there be matters within and about this act which might
have taken a course or shape more satisfactory to my judg-
ment, I do not attempt to specify them. I am giatified that
the two principles of compensation and colonization are
both recognized and practically applied in the act.
in the matter of compensation, it is provided that claims
may be presented within ninety days from the passage of
the act, "but not thereafter;" and there is no saving loj-
minors, femmes covert, insane, or absent persons. 1 pre-
sume this is an omission by mere oversight, and 1 recom-
mend that it be supplied by an amendatorv or supplemental
act. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
.April 16, 1862.
The message was ordered to be printed, and to
lie on the table.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to make one re-
mark now, that the act being in force, it cannot
be supplied by an amendatory act. I regret that
it is so.
DEATH 0E HON. THOMAS B. COOPER.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced the death
of Hon. Thomas B. Cooper, late a member of the
House from the State of Pennsylvania, and com-
municated the proceedings of the House thereon.
The resolutions of the House of Representa-
tives were read.
Mr. WILMOT. Mr. President, I rise for the
purpose of announcing the death of Hon. Thomas
B. Cooper, late a member of the present House
of Representatives of the United States from the
State of Pennsylvania. He died on the 4th in-
stant, surrounded by his family, at his residence
in Coopersburg, of an ulceration of the bronchia,
from which he lmd suffered for a long time. The
disease was aggravated by the persistent atten-
tion lie gave his public duties during the past in-
clement winter, and until within about four weeks
of his death, when he returned to his home.
Mr. Cooper was born in Upper Saucon town-
ship, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, on the 29th
of December, 1823. He pursued his classical
studies in the Pennsylvania College, Gettysburg,
Pennsylvania; and upon leaving college com-
menced the study of surgery and medicine under
Dr. F. A. Martin, n ow of Bethlehem, Pennsyl-
vania. lie completed his medical studies, and
graduated with honors at the University of Penn-
sylvania, in the city of Philadelphia, in 1843.
He immediately commenced the practice of his
profession in Coopersburg. He attained distinc-
tion as a physician and surgeon, and enjoyed ex-
tensive and marked confidence.
He was elected to Congress in the fall of 1860,
as a member of the Democratic party, from the
district composed of the counties of Lehigh and
Bucks. He enjoyed the entire respect and con-
fidence of his party, and was a man of acknowl-
edged influence and weight in its councils.
Mr. President, I had not the honor of an ac-
quaintance with the deceased, and cannot, there-
fore, speak of his qualities of head and heart as
they deserve. Those who knew him well, speak
of his affection and kindness as a husband and
father. He leaves a wife and family of seven
childien to mourn his irreparable loss.
He was a member of the fraternity of Masons,
and was buried by them, and with the honors
usually paid to the dead by that ancient order.
Mr President, I move the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate leceives with sincere regret
the announcement ofthodouth of Hon. Thomas B. Cooper,
late a member of the House of Representatives fiom the
State ot I'eim.vylvania, and tenders to the lelatives of the
deceased the as-unanee of it? sympathy with them under
the beieavement they have been called to sustain.
Resolved, That the Secietarv ot the Senate be directed to
tinnMint to the family of the deceased a certified copy of
the loiegomgresolution.
Resolved, That in token of rospectforthe memory of the
deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
I-IOCJSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jipril 16, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. CUTLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas severe family affliction renders it necessary
that Edward Ball, Sergcant-at-Arms of this Ilouse, shall
be absent from the seat of Government for a few days after
this day: Therefore,
Resolved, That his messenger, John Gilbert, Esq., be
authorized to serve any process or execute any order legally
devolving on the Sergeant-at-Arms during his temporary
absence.
CERTIFICATES OF INDEBTEDNESS.
Mr. STRATTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill to amend an act, entitled "An act to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue certifi-
cates of indebtedness to public creditors," ap-
proved March 1,1862; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that all certificates of indebt-
edness hereafter issued under the act of March 1,
1862, shall bear date at the time when the claims
for which such certificates may be issued shall
have been audited and settled.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRATTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"VTAK NEWS.
Mr. WATTS. I ask the consent of the House
to have read a dispatch from the War Depart-
ment.
There was no objection; and the Clerk read as
follows:
(Received at three a. in., 16th )
Kansas City, Jipril 14.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
Fort Union mail biings continuation ot the battle of
Apache Pas<=. Our loss is one hundred and fiftv killed,
wounded, and missing. Enemy acknowledge their loss to
be tioin three to lour hundred killed and wounded. Ninety-
three lebels were taken prisoners, thirteen of whom weie
officers. Our forces captured and burned sixty-four wagons
laden with provisions and ammunition—killing two hun-
dred mules. The Texans attacked our baueiy four times,
the last time coming within forty feet of our guns, but were
repulsed with heavy loss. Colonel Slough is encamped at
Rcrn.U Springs, forty miles from Fort Union. The Texans
fell back to Santa Fe. Colonel Ojnhy, with one thousand
regulars and Kit Carson*^ legimenf, reported within three
days' match ot' Colonel Slough, and Colonel Slate on the
Jornada with reinforcement* toi the enemy.
NAVY CONTRACTS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
reported a joint resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to discharge contractors with
his Department when they have furnished the
amount estimated in their contracts and fifty per
cent, additional; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask that the
joint resolution be put upon its passnge.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I should like to hear the
joint resolution read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It provides
that where parties holding contracts with the Navy
Departmenthave fulfilled the same to the estimated
amount of said contracts and fifty per cent, addi-
tional, the Secretary of the Navy is authorized
and empowered to release said contractors from
further obligations to furnish the articles stipu-
lated therein, and to settle their accounts as in
cases of completed contracts.
Thejointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hope my
colleague will explain the joint resolution. I do
not understand it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. There arc many
persons holding contracts under the Navy Depart-
ment which were made early last season, requir-
ing them to furnish a certain amount of goods for
the use of the Navy Department. Owing to the
exigencies arising from the war, those parties are
called upon to supply much greater amounts of
goods than the estimates in their contracts called
for, and they are held to supply them at the prices
for which they engaged to supply them when their
contracts were made. Since that time, in conse-
quence of the great demand for those articles, they
have advanced in price to an extent which renders
it next to impossible for the contractors to supply
them.
