1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
judgment; for I see clearly that under its provis-
ions the rights of all will bo protected, the pros-
perity of the whole people piomoted, the credit
of the Government ievived,and its power and
dignity maintained. Beneficent as this measure
is, as one of relief, nothing could induce me to give
it sanction but uncontrollable necessity. "While
1 have always believed it to be the duty of Con-
gress to regulate and control the currency by such
legislation as would make it of uniform value
throughout the country, I have never regarded it
as politic or wise for the Government to make is-
sues of paper, at any time, except for temporary
emergencies. Disguise it as you may, everybody
knows, that knows anything of the laws of trade,
that to carry this people through this crisis, collect
$>150,000,000 tax, maintain these vast expendi-
tures, and conduct the legitimate and necessary
business of the country, you must increase the
volume of the currency to such an amount as to
make it impossible, under the present banking sys-
tem, to give it confidence upon the ground of its
immediate convertibility into specie.
The question then for us to decide is, whether
the Government shall share with the banks—and
keep them in check—this circulation, or purchase
their irredeemable bills at ruinous rates. "With-
out some check upon the banks, if they remain
in a state of suspension, which they will do to
sustain themselves through this war, we are like
the mariner in a storm, without pilot or rudder.
If this measure should fail to receive the sup-
port of Congress because of the timidity of some,
and a misapprehension, as I believe, of its effects
with others, then I am ready to give my support
to any project that we, can unite upon, even
though it should scarcely approximate the meas-
ure of our desires, if it but furnish even some de-
gree of relief.
The first and greatest objection to this measure
is, with its enemies,'that it is unconstitutional
Upon this point I shall s:iy but little, for 1 am le-
minded by a legal friend that it does not become
mo to discuss constitutional questions; and while
1 freely admit that the opinions of merchants and
bankers are of little value upon purely legal top-
ics, I think they are perhaps not less valuable
upon those subjects than are the views of mere
lawyers upon commerce and finance.
Alexander Hamilton, the eminent lawyer, has
been eulogized upon this floor—and justly so—as
among the greatest of financiers. His reports have
been quoted from to show that this measure never
would have met with his approval. I think on the
contrary that he, above all the statesmen of his
time, would have supported this bill were lie to-
day living and a member of this Government. It
was Mr. Hamilton's rare good fortune to enjoy
the friendship and confidential intimacy of leading
merchants and financiers of New York and Phil-
adelphia, and with no one to a greater degree than
Robert Morris; and but for that patriot those re-
ports which have immortalized his name in finan-
cial history would have been much loss remarkable
productions than the judgment of the world has
pronounced them. It was mainly through the in-
fluence, management, and skill of Robert Morns
that we were able to keep our armies together dur-
ing the last years of our Itevolulionaiy stiuggle.
In 1780 the credit both of Congress and the States
had become so reduced that the paper money which
had been issued and their bills of credit became
almost worthless, because there was no power in
the Government to control and regulate the cur-
rency;and he who reads history carefully will dis-
cover m that fact, more than any other, the cause of
the formation of the Federal Constitution. The
Army at that time was reduced to a mere skeleton
for the want of means to feed, clothe, and equip it;
but the experience and genius of the Philadelphia
merchant found a partial remedy in the establish-
ment of the Bank of North America. That insti-
tution was established in 17S3 mainly through the
influence of Robert Morris, not, however, without
severe opposition. It was said by some, and re-
asserted by many, that they were creating a vast
corporation and clothingit with monstrous power,
which they had no right to do; that allowing it to
issue a paper currency would flood the land with
worthless rags. ThepatriotMornsrephed: "Our
wan Is a re uigent, <_>ui necessitiesgreat, and the de-
mands of the Army imperative; and unless some-
thing is speedily done our ruin is inevitable. Try
the experiment, and my word for it, you will be
carried safely through." It did so, and the result
was that confidence was in a great measure re-
stored; public and private credit was greatly im-
proved; the Army was increased, and the war
brought to a successful issue; and some think
it not too much to say that " the cause of Ameri-
can independence owed as much to the financial
■arrangements of Robert Morris as it did to the
negotiations of Benjamin Franklin or the arms of
George Washington."
These constitutional objections are always
raised by those who arc opposed to measures upon
other grounds. From the organization of the Gov-
ernment down to the present time, legal gentle-
men of great eminence, judicial tribunals of sur-
passing purity, illustrious statesmen of wo rid-wide
renown, And no difficulty in their opposition to
public measures, in discovering them to be of
doubtful constitutionality, if they are not in spe-
cific terms granted in the Constitution; and on
the contrary, if not expressly prohibited in that in-
strument, if they desire their enactment, they fail
with equal facility to discover any constitutional
impediment. In illustration of the view here pre-
sented, permit me to relate an anecdote of an old
and distinguished lawyer of my own county.
Shrewd and sagacious, he was reputed to possess
one of the best legal minds in our State. He was
the intimate friend and associate of Story. One
day a friend and neighbor expressed to him fears
that our State of Massachusetts would lose a case
then pending in the Supreme Court of the United
States, in which the question of State rights was
involved. Gtuiet your feais, said the old gentle-
man, the court will decide for our State. Why so,
said the neighbor. Oh ! said Mr. Merrill—for that
was his name—State rights, State rights—five
slaveholders on the bench, it is all right. It won't
do for them to decide otherwise. What! exclaimed
our friend, with mingled feelings of surprise and
indignation, to think that one of so much legal emi-
nence should thus disparage the Supreme bench,
which he had always looked upon with so much
reverence as the personification and embodiment
of ail that was pure and excellent—What! would
you intimate that those judges would be governed
by such considerations in their decisions? Oh, said
he in ieply, there is a good deal of human nature
in this world; I have seen and known a great
many judges, and they are very much like other
folks; this will all be right. The case was decided
as he predicted.
It is pretty hard sometimes to get even the
best of courts to enforce plain constitutional pro-
visions when the public judgment is against them,
so long as decisions uiri possibly be delayed and
the purposes of litigants thwarted. Some years
ago the city council in the place of my residence
passed an appropriation to defray the expenses
in part of a 4th of July celebration. One of our
citizens, who was opposed in party politics to the
city government, took umbrage at the action of the
council, and denied their right to make such an
appropnation, and expressed a determination to
obtain an injunction to restrain the Mayor from
drawing the money. He accordingly got up a
petition for an injunction, and had it signed by a
lanre number of his party friends, and took it to
that eminent jurist, the late Chief Justice Shaw,
than whom a wiser and purer judge never lived.
This was some ten days before the 4th; and the
old chief looked at his petition, and told him that
such appropriations had been usual and customary
from the days of the Revolution m American
cities, and whether legal or not, he thought linn
engaged m small business; and while he thought
bct'tei, perhaps, of lus law than he did of his patri-
otism, if he insisted upon it, lus rights must be
protected, and he therefore would give him a hear-
ing when the court sat in November, and ordered
one accordingly. This wns like awaidmg dam-
aces to be. paid ninety-nine years after date to an
old gentleman upwards of seventy.
The gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Pexpli.toy]
quoted the other day from the debates in the con-
vention, to show that the framers of the Constitu-
tion never intended that Congress should have the
power either to emit bills of credit, or allow them
to be made a legal tender. Why then did not tin*
convention ptohibit the exorcise of that power?
When we see the deep feeling which existed at
that time against paper currency, with sharp de-
bates upon the question, with the insertion of the
prohibition upon the States to emit bills of credit,
and the determination of many to extend that
prohibition to the General Government—in view
of the recollection, fresh in the minds of all, that
the exeicise of that power by many of the States
had saved some from great embarrassment and
distress, and carried all successfully through the
perils of the Revolution, hard though it might have
been, but impossible without it; and in view also
that Mr. Hamilton and his followers held, that
whatever power was forbidden to the States, and
not prohibited to the General Government, might
properly be exercised by Congress whenever of
paramount necessity for the preservation, or pros-
perity even, of the Government—is not the in-
ference just, that a majority of the convention
thought that the emergency might arise when the
salvation of the Government would greatly de-
pend upon its ability to exercise this power, and
consequently while they did not like to expressly
grant it, they forbore from these considerations
to prohibit it? It certainly appears so to me.
Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison, although such
great sticklers for strict construction—and for this
I honor their memory—never hesitated, when the
necessities of the Government were overwhelm-
ing, to depart, in some instances, from their favor-
ite views, and adopt, practically, those of the Ham-
ilton school—in Mr. Jefferson's term, in the acqui-
sition of the Territory of Louisiana, and by Mr.
Madison, while he was President, in the establish-
ment of the United States Bank; both measures
acknowledged by them to be of doubtful consti-
tutionality, although not positively prohibited.
So, Mr. Chairman, in view of these differences
from the organization of the Government to the
present hour, I think it the part of wisdom and
patriotism, in all questions of doubtful constitu-
tionality, to give the benefit of the doubt to the
cause of the country, and that ofjustice and right.
But this question of its constitutionality is
hardly worthy of consideration in the face of the
overshadowingnecessitiesof the Government,for
the reason that at most it can only be claimed as
doubtful; for, to say the least, we have the author-
ity of legal eminence as much'in favor as against
it; and every intelligent man knows, and will ad-
mit, outsideofthe legal profession,that legal enact-
ments, and constitutional provisions themselves,
have always in this country, whenever occasion
required, with courts as well as statesmen, proved
as pack-threads upon the arms of an unshorn
Samson before the resistless will of the people.
No,sir; not a man will oppose this bill,orvote
against it, upon any constitutional grounds, unless
he is opposed to it for other and satisfactory rea-
sons. This question of making paper money
legal tender has never before been seriously en-
tertained or discussed in this country since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution, because the
emergency has never before arisen to make it ne-
cessary. Alexander Hamilton and Daniel Web-
ster, it is said, have pronounced it unconstitutional
to make paper money a legal tender. Anyone
who will read the opinions of Mr. Hamilton care-
fully, as expiessed m the famous bank report of
1790, and still more fully and clearly, upon con-
stitutional points, in answer to the request of
Washington for the opinions of his Cabinet in
writing upon the constitutionality of establishing
a Dank of the United States, will perceive that in
Hamilton's advocacy of the necessity and useful-
ness of that institution, it legitimately and inevi-
tably follows from this reasoning that Congress
does possess this power to make paper money a
legal tender, and that it possesses sovereign au-
thority over the currency. Whoever will read his
opinions as therein expressed, and fail to discover
any doubt of Hamilton's belief that this measure
would bo strictly constitutional, I should say his
opinion is of little value. I would gladly quote
from those reports at length; but as these senti-
ments permeate almost every sentence, and I am
limited for time, I will only commend their perusal
to all. Let us be content, therefore, upon the con-
stitutional qui siion, in this great emergency to
• est upon the authority of Hamilton, who was
one of its framers, and its ablest exponent and
rulvocate—one who had the confidence of Wash-
ington, and whose financial measures received the
full approbation of the almost unerring judgment
of that illustrious man.
The gentleman from Ohio referred to the opin-
ions ofMr. Webster, and quoted from his speeches
to show that that eminent statesman had declared
