THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. C.
New Series No. 166.
Thirtt-Seventh Congress, 2d Sess
THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1862.
purchased of the grant-holders. It was hardly a
matter of choice whether to go on the lands or
not; it was only a matter of choice whether they
would enter under the Government title, as mere
settlers, or buy of the former holders, and so far
as possible, consolidate their possession. This
latter class only we affect by this bill, where they
purchased and inhabited a limited quantity, and
still have actual possession. Of course they took
the risk of the title inuring to the Government,
but they acted under the best light they had. I
submit that any notice pendente lite, cannot affect
claims purely equitable as these are, in the minds
of the American Congress, where the only ques-
tion is, whether men who acted under the spur
of necessity and in good faith, ask to be allowed
to purchase the lands they have improved. All the
circumstances surrounding them at that time
should be considered, the fact of the necessity for
a place of settlement, the doubtful character of
the claim of the Government, the progressive con-
firmation of the Government tribunals, and the
distress that must ensue if they are turned from
their diligently improved homesteads or house
lots. No plea of notice pendente lite ought to be
interposed, for this bill proposes an equitable re-
lief, refused by the strict rules of law, but merited
under all the circumstances in the case.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to state to the House that they may be
aware of the peculiar circumstances which exist
in California, and made it compulsory, as my col-
league has said, for our people to enter upon these
lands while their title was being litigated. This
board of land commissioners commenced their
sessions in 1851. It is now 1862; and although
so'me of these grants have been finally disposed of,
a great many of them still remain undecided by
the Supreme Court. If in all cases the parties had
waited until the confirmation by the Supreme
Court before entering upon these lands, no settle-
ments in that State could have been made to any
considerable extent until this time, and California
now, instead of having attained a position as an
agricultural State m advance of the majority of
her sister States, would not have been abie to pro-
duce subsistence one half sufficient for the con-
sumption of her own people. No reasonable man,
therefore, will complain that the people there did
not waitfor the confirmationoftlicSupieme Court.
Under ordinary circumstances, when land is in
litigation, parties would not purchase, but in Cal-
ifornia all the lands that could be profitably used
for agricultural purposes were in litigation, and
they could not defer settlement for ten or twenty
years, and had, therefore, to enter upon and cul-
tivate them, notwithstanding they were in litiga-
tion. Does the fact, then, that they were in litiga-
tion furnish any reason why the United States
should turn these honest purchasers from their
possessions, and deprive them of theii right to_
the fruit of their many years of labor and toil?
Does it furnish a reason why the Government,
without benefiting itself to the amount of a single
dollar, should turn A off from lands which his
labor has rendered valuable, and place B in pos-
session ? A offers the same price for the land that
Rdoes to the Government. In my judgment,sir,
it furnishes no reason whatever, but on the con-
trary there is every reason in equity and justice
why those who by their honest labor have adorned
and made valuable these lauds should be allowed
to hold and enjoy them, by paying for them the
uniform price which the Government asks for all
of its domain.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from California, I will say
a word. As well as I can understand this bill, it
is the application of the preemptive system to the
lands in California, so far as circumstances will
permit them to be applicable.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Virtually so.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The lands m Cal-
ifornia, as the gentleman says, are covered by
grants, and this bill, in its effect and result, is to
apply the principle of preemption as it exists in
the western States, allowing the actual settler to
166
take possession of the land he occupies on paying
the Government price. It has been fraught with
blessings to our people in the West, and it has
been considered by the Government better to dis-
pose of the public lands in that way than to hold
them up for speculation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to sug-
gest, in reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] that, in my judg-
ment, the preemption policy of the United States
would never have resulted so beneficially if the
law permitted the settler to preempt one or two or
five thousand acres, or one corner of such large
tracts, as this bill provides shall be the case.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will say that
the gentleman from Illinois is entirely mistaken
in regard to this matter; for I have purposely
drawn this bill so as to prevent a man from hold-
ing land of which he is not in actual possession,
allowing him to hold no land by constructive pos-
session. The bill only allows the claimant to pur-
chase the land which he had purchased before in
good faith, upon which he had settled, and of
which he now holds actual possession.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Let me say a
word.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will refer to
the point which the gentleman from Illinois is
about to raise.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question. Does not the gentleman
know that a person in possession of one thousand
acres, or claiming that amount, may really be in
actual possession of only one acre?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. In the first placc,
I will state that we propose to offer a substitute
for the pending bill, and in that substitute we pio-
pose to insert the following:
All persons who have actually and in good faith purchased
portions of said grant subsequent to =ueh confirmation and
before the passage of tins act, and who are in actual pos-
session, undisturbed by the possession of any other person
or persons, shall be protected in their po.^cs-ions, and al-
lowed to purchase such land, not exceeding one thousand
acres, to any one person, firiii, or company, at the price of
$1 25 per acre.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
Here a message in writing was received from
the President of the United States, by his Private
Secretary, Mr. Nicolay.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I am aware of
the circulars that have been distributed so freely
among members, and the party who wrote them
and the object he has in view. He raises the ques-
tion propounded by the gentleman from Illinois,
and I am also aware that both of the gentlemen
are entirely mistaken in the conclusions which
they have come to, or I have been most unfortunate
in drafting this bill. The substitute will, I know,
remove all of the objections which have been made
to the pending bill. We desire that the bill shall
give claimants the right to purchase the land of
which they are in actual possession, and it is not
the intention of the bill'to, and it does not cover
any such case as that referred to by the gentle-
man from Illinois. There is such a tiling I know
as constructive possession. But the bill, as intro-
duced, would not have covered sueh a case. If a
person is in possession of an acre of land, a por-
tion of a tract of one hundred acres, surveyed and
deeded to him, and there is no other person in pos-
session of any portion of the tract, I am aware
that by law he is in constructive possession of the
whole.
But the gentleman from Illinois is aware that
no court has ever decided that a party can be in
constructive possession of land of which another
person is in actual,adverse possession. Suppose,
Mr. Speaker, that A settles upon a piece of iand,
having duly surveyed and marked the boundaries,
so as to give notice of his claim thereto, I think,
in most States of the Union, if he held uninter-
rupted and peaceable possession for a period of
twenty years, he would gain title by his posses-
sion alone; and no party, except minor child or
married woman, could dispute his right. But sup-
pose A settles upon one thousand acres of land,
under the same circumstances, and that B imme-
diately settles upon one half of it, and is allowed
to remain.in undisturbed possession of that half
by occupying and cultivating it for the period of
time necessary to give title by possession, does
the gentleman from Illinois claim that A has been
in actual possession of the whole tract, and that
B has obtained no rights whatever; or does he
claim that both have been in actual adverse pos-
session of B's half, and both, therefore, have titles
adverse to each other? Such a proposition, Mr.
Speaker, would be unworthy of consideration in
this House, for the reason that to state it is to
refute it. If there is any rule of law which will
give the right to purchase land under the terms of
this bill, as introduced, to any one holding con-
structive possession as against those who hold
actual possession, I am unaware of it. I do not
think that there is such a law; but If there was,
the amendment which we propose, requiring that
the possession shall be undisturbed by the pos-
session of any other person, would fully cover the
case.
Mr. EDWARDS. Does the gentleman intend
to call for the previous question ? If he does, I
would like to ask the question, does the bill ap-
ply to any lands of the United States not now open
to private entry ?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. That question,
and all others which have been asked, I should
liave answered in the course of my remarks m a
manner much more satisfactory to me, and I pre-
sume much more so to the House, had I not been
interrupted at all.
Mr. EDWARDS. One other question I desire
to ask, and perhaps the gentleman can answer
both questions together. It is, whether much of
these lands to which this bill applies are not very
valuable; much more valuable than the lands held
by the Government?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. The lands are
no more valuable than Government lands, except
that they have been improved by the persons oc-
cupying them. The bill excludes from its oper-
ation all mineial lands; and it excludes from its
operation the city and county of San Francisco. •
It applies to no land the title to which does not
vest in the United States after rejection by the
Supreme Court. If the gentleman who has been
filling the House with circulars for the last two
or three weeks had noticed this feature of the bill,
it would have relieved him from anxiety, and
saved him much labor.
The object of inserting that clause is this: there
are some instances in California where two grants
are sought to be laid upon thesame tractof land.
In such a case the first might be rejected and the
second mi^ht prove good and be confirmed; there-
fore the United States might not own the land in
all cases after a claim to it had been rejected. The
Government does not assume m this litigation to
decide as between any other parties than the Gov-
ernment and the party litigant, and the rights of
third persons are in no wise affected. Therefore
we have inserted that clause to protect those who
may hold any title to land adverse to the Gov-
ernment.
Now it is said that these parties can obtain all
they desire under the preemption law. That can-
not be. The parties who have settled upon these
lands, believing the Spanish title to be good, have
purchased theirlands without any reference what-
ever to Government surveys, butonly with refer-
ence to the topography of the country; and where
the lands border upon the rivers or navigable
streams or one of the bays, the occupants have a
very narrow frontage, and run back a long dis-
tance, the lines not running in the direction of the
Government surveys. Tile same is true where
the lands front upon a prominent highway. A
man owning one hundred and sixty acres of land
upon a prominent highway may not have more
than eighty rods frontage, while he will have three
times the depth to which he would be entitled as
a preemptor.
Therefore, if you attempt to adjust the rights
