162
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
3*7hi Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Orider.
Ho. oi? Reps.
CONFISCATION O.F REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY GRIDER,
OF KENTUCKY,
" ' In-the House of Representatives,
- ■ May 22,1862.
Tlte House having under consideration the bills to con-
fisaate the property and free from seivitude the slaves of
rebels-
Mr. GRIDER obtained the floor.
J Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask my colleague to
■yield to me for a moment in order that I may read
an extract which will come in very pertinently at
the close of the speech by the gentleman from
■ Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.1
Mr. GRIDER. I yield for that purpose, if it
k not taken out of my time.
■ ;Mr. WICKLIFFE. The extract to which I
have made reference is as follows:
(Tnconstitutionat. Leoisi,atioh.—'That distinguished
publicist and lawyer, I'rolessor Joel Parker,.of theCam-
bridge Law School, well known lor his adhesion to the
political principles of the present Administration, has placed
on record ttie following opinion for the advice oi tiis polit-
ical friends: „„
Cambridge, May, 5,186a.
Dear Sir: Will you permit me to say that the sooner
the Republican party cuts itself loose from ail unconstitu-
tional projects (whether they relate to emancipation by
proclamation, conquering States and holding tliern as Tor-
Stories, confiscation without trial, or any other mensuie
not warranted by the Constitution) the sooner it will begin
to piovide lor its own salvation? iiirfFB
very truly, yours, JOEL PARKER.
To the Editor of the Boston Journal.
I read that for the benefit of northern people.
It will be recognized as good authority by this
House.
Mr. GRIDER. Mr. Speaker, I have not un-
dertaken so high and responsible a task as that I
am now entering upon for a great while; I have
at least notatiempted it before during this session
of Congress. I am deeply impressed with the
weight and responsibility, not only of the pend-
ing subject of confiscation, but of all of the sub-
jects which have been clustering around us and
demanding our consideration since we have been
Mssembledjiere. 1 feel, sir, as a member of this
House, unworthy to bear the weight of my poi-
tiotl of the heavy burdens which the country and
the limes have thrown upon Congress. Yet I give
to the business of the nation my closest attention.
How else could a gentleman and n patriot feel but
oppressed by the responsibility east upon him?
A rami who has been accustomed to the priceless
hlessingsofconstitutional liberty, who has passed
joyoua days of peace and piosperity, who has
lived amid progress and enlightened civilization—
a man who has enjoyed such rights and piivi-
leges, and who seeing them in peril of being lost,
now comes to assist in rescuing the in, must trem-
ble at the vast responsibility of the occasion. We
have lately been environed with gloom and appall-
ing difficulties. It may bo true of us that the hour
may be big with our fate and the destiny of this
Republic. It is proper, therefore, for us to take
into consideration, with firm and deliberate pa-
triotism, what things become us to do. I would
not trifle with the country, for, by so doing, we
would injure the cause of truth and the sacred be-
hests ofthe Constitution which we have inherited,
with all its great lights and privileges, from our
fathers.
I wish, sir, I were a learned jurist, that I might
properly approach this grave question of consti-
tutional law, in order that I might illustrate and
make it clear and bright as the beams ofthe noon-
tide sun, so that all men might come up to a con-
scientious obedience to the high appeal they have
made to Heaven for the discharge of their duties
fearless of all consequences here and at home.
But, su, I intend to leave the consideration of
these constitutional questions mostly to other
gentlemen. 1 intend to sketch, if 1 can, some of
our legislation. I am satisfied with part of it,
and with reference to the other part, I am very
frank to say I have come to the conclusion that
it has been prejudicial to the interests of aseetion
of the Union, to loyal men of the Union, and
that us tendency has been not lo allay this re-
bellion, but to exaggerate and to* protract it.
This is a fearful rebellion, the most unpro-
voked and wicked rebellion that has ever dis-
graced the history of any country. I ask any man
to say where there is an individual citizen who,
prior to orat the beginning of this rebellion, could
justly be alleged to have any of his constitu-
tional rights or privileges infringed? There was
not a citizen who had not every right and privi-
lege granted to him by the Executive and all de-
partments of this Government. No man could
say that all of his constitutional rights of every
description were not freely and promptly gran ted.
This rebellion, sir, was without apology, wicked
in its purpose, and traitorous in its design. That
all must admit! _
But, sir, 1 have heard it intimated in this Hail
that there are some men who are suspected of be-
ing tinctured with this doctrine of secession, and
acting with the rebellion, who are therefore to
have all of their rights forfeited without personal
notice and trial. Looking to the patriotism and the
integrity of my constituents true to the Constitu-
tion, I have no answer for such remarks.
1 had hoped, and I believe that it was the sober
conviction of this Congress when we first met,
that it was our only duty, that it was our imper-
ative duty, to provide an army and a navy to put
down this rebellion, to provide them as we might
need them speedily to suppress this rebellion, not
to subjugate any one, but to sustain theConstitution
and conquer peace for all. I believe now, if we had
exclusively directed our attention to that object,
we would have, at least in our legislative action,
been much more harmonious, much more agreeable
to the country, and much more successful. i tell
you, Mr. Speaker, that it is the only direct mode
to efficiently suppress this rebellion, and to sup-
press it speedily! All these altercations and ex-
citements are prejudicial. They create a wide-
spread alarm throughout the country. This ought
not to be, for if there ever was a time when rep-
resentative men should act with sober delibera-
tion, bury animosities, and invoke all the nobler
principles of humanity that we are taught from
above, and with which we arc endowed, that time
is the present. There ought to be harmony and
good feeling among Union men.
Now, sir, I should have been glad, if I had un-
dertaken to make a speech to tins House at ail
early period of this session, to have suggested
economy and retrenchment in the expenditures ot
the Governmentin a general and liberal sense, and
not in a stinted and mean sense—never; but I
would haveadvoeatedajusteconomyand retrench-
ment. I would have given every encouragement
to the Government. I would have asked fur legit-
imate legislation here, and for putting down this
rebellion speedily. I would have made the Army
and Navy strong for that purpose.
Now, sir, I rebuke that spirit which we have
seen manifested in this House so often, to elevate
or strike down this commander or that commander
of our armies. I am for the commander and I am
for the army that speediest suppresses this rebel-
lion and brings back the Constitution and the
Union as they were. I care nothing for men in
comparison with the preservation of the Union
and the protection of our people in their original
rights. Party names and party creeds, or who
shall be elevated and honored hereafter—history
and the people are the arbiters of these questions
in the future; they are nothing to me in this hour,
when the very groundwork of American liberty
is trembling beneath the shock of treason and
secession.
! do not propose to differ with gentlemen in
any spirit of rebuke in regard to the cause of this
war; but I do differ from them when they say
that slavery has been the cause of this war. Sla-
very was not the cause of this rebellion, and there
is no reason why our feelings should be more vin-
dictive against that institution now than they were
before this rebellion broke out, or when the Con-
stitution was formed. How shall 1 illustrate this ?
We may look back for years for the original and
remote causes of this rebellion. Secession is the
immediate and moving cause of the present war
and distress in the country. i know that seces-
sion was superinduced by making the question of
slavery the subject of agitation throughout the
length and breadth of the land, and by the animad-
versions and slanders that have been constantly
heaped upon the holders of that description of
property. Slavery was not the cause of this re-
bellion. There could have been, and ought to have
been, s# plain, honest, modest, conciliatory, un-
ambitious consideration of this subject, without
secession or rebellion. I will give it a better cause;
and no thinking man, no man of integrity and
sound moral sentiment, will demur to the cause
which I assign for it. It'is and has been devel-
oping itself more and more for years. It is the
moral dereliction on the part of this Government
in its representatives, departments, and politi-
cians, misleading and agitating the country; the
want of a sufficiently high moral sense of the du-
ties and obligations which rest upon those who
have the-agency of the Government in their hands.
We have neglected, in this House and elsewhere,
the moral obligations imposed upon us, and for
our dereliction we are now reaping the bitter fruits
of this war, I say that this rebellion was caused
by moral dereliction, by party struggle, by sec-
tional jealousies and sectional feeling, by crimi-
nation and recrimination. All these things, ex-
citing in their character, and not the fact of the
existence of slavery—party struggle, sectional
jealousies and the consequent sectional dislike,
1 say, have been the cause of this war. They
are the head and front of this rebellion. Was it
the powderthat made the explosion ? No; itwas
the rash and reckless hand that plied and touched
the match. The life of party has been preferred
to the preservation of the Constitution and the
Government.
1 have belonged to a party, like all others. As
my colleague has said, I did belong to party, but
not now. I belong nowonly to one set of men, and
they are the patriotic men who, in every depart-
mentof the Government, and in every section, are
putting forth every effort for the preservation of
the Union and the Constitution and the protec-
tion of the rights of all of our citizens under
them. I am for the reunion of the people of the
sections which are nowin arms agamsteach other.
I belong to that party, and that party only;I want
to belong to no other party ill this hour ot the
country's peril.
1 want to read, in confirmation of the position
I have taken in reference to the' cause of this re-
bellion, from the Farewell Address of George
Washington. O, that we had taken his warnings
in time! It will be seen that moral dereliction
on the part of the agents of the Government and
sectional jealousies have engendered this wide-
spread tieason. With wonderful prescience,the
Father of his Country gave us this warning:
"III contemplating the causes which may distuib our
Union, it occuis, as a matter ul ;.enourf concern, tii.'.t any
giuund should have boon furnished foi oharactej izmg pai ties
by geoiriaphical disci immations; noithein and southern;
Atlantic and western ; whence designing men may endeavor
to excite a belief tliat there is a real difference of local m-
tere^N and views. Oneof the expedients of paity to acqune
influence within particular dim jets is to misrepiesent the
opinions and aims of other district*. You cannot shield
yourselves too much against the jealousies and heart-burn-
ings which spring from these misrepresentations: they tend
to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound
together by fraternal affection. The inhabitants ofoui west-
ern countiy have lately had a useful lesson on this head;
they have seen in the negotiation by the Executive, and
in the unanimous ratification by the Senate of thetieaty
with Spain, and in the universal satisfaction at that event
throughout the United States, a decisive proof how un-
founded were the suspicion!? propagated among them, of a
policy m the General Government, and in the Atlantic
States, unfriendly to their interests, in icgard to the Missis-
sippi; thev have" been witnesses to the formation of two
tieaties; that with Great Butain and that with Spam, which
seeute to them everything they cuuld de>ire in ie>pect to
our foreign relations, towards confirming their pro«petity.
Will it not be their wisdom to rely tor the preset vation of
these advantages on the union by which they were pro-
cm ed ? Will they not henceforth be deat to those advisers,
if such theie are, who would severthem from their brethren
and connect them with aliens
When I spoke of the moral obligations resting
upon the agents of the Government i did not mean
that tliey should all be saints, I only meant that
in all branches of the Government there should
be a pervading sense of justice and morality. [
will read from the same address :
" Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to pohti
cal prosperity, religion and morality are mdispem-able sup
potts. Jn vain would that man claim the tribute of pa-
triotism, who should labor to subveit these great ptllats of
human happiness, these fiimest props of the duties ot mou
and citizens. The mere politician, equally with the pious
man, ought to respect and cheush them. A volume could
nn trace all their connections with private and public
felicity. Let it simply be asked, where is the security for
property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of religious
obligation deeeit the oaths, which are the instruments ot
