1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
precisely what is included in that act. The ref-
erence is to the title of that act.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The act referred
to has not yet passed the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. When it has passed into
law, I hope that the Committee of Ways and
Means will make the necessary appropriation to
carry it into effect.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Secretary of
War reported some excess, but gave the sum total
in the volunteer service, so far as the muster rolls
had been returned at the Department, at four hun-
dred and sixteen thousand two hundred and forty-
nine men. And now I desire, if the gentleman
has the means of information, that he will let the
H?usc know how many more men than the five
hundred thousand authorized by law have been
actually enlisted and mustered into the scrvice up
to this time? I ask him whether there is official
evidence in the Department that even live hun-
dred thousand men have actually been mustered
into the service? 1 further desire to know what
number of men are actually in the field south of
Mason and Dixon's line, and what proportion of
them are still in camp in the northern and west-
ern States, and not actually in service?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentleman
from Ohio will allow the communication from the
Secretary of War which I have sent to the Clerk's
desk to be read, perhaps he will obtain the in-
formation he desires.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Will it state the
precise number of men in service?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Perhaps not ex-
actly that, but he will find information upon some
other points involved.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Vermont if he knows the actual
number of men enlisted?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no offi-
cial information upon the subject other than that
which may be in the possession of every gentle-
man of the House. The former Secretary of War
stated the number of men in service as between
six and seven hundred thousand men. I have
never seen any official statement on the subject
other than that. I have seen it reported that there
are in*service between five and six hunched thou-
sand men—nearly six hundred thousand, I believe.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I inquired bccause
it lias been reported through the country to be
true that troops have been nominally raised and
enlisted, rations and pay drawn, when the troops
have never been in service at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania here on my left [Mr. Covode]
informs me that he learned from the Secretary of
War that the number of troops in service is five
hundred and seventy-two thousand.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Actually enlisted
and in service ?
Mr. COYODE. I think the number was five
hundred and seventy-two thousand enlisted and
actually in service.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then tho thirty
millions appropriated by this bill is to cover the
pay of seventy-two thousand men?
Mr. COYODE. I understand that $20,000,000
is for the pay and rations of these men, and that
the other #10,000,000 is to pay for transportation
and other incidental expenses of enlistment, and
bringing them into the field.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is, by its terms,
to pay a deficiency in the appropriations for the
year ending 30th .Tune,
Mr. COYODE. Yea, sir; for the next two
months—for May and June.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I wish to say fur-
ther that I understand that the bill appropriating
money for the service of the War Department for
the next year, which we have passed, includes
this excess. Am I correct in that statement, I ask j
the gentleman from Vermont? I
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. All the informa- j
tion I have upon the subject is contained m the l
communication from the Secretary of War, which I
I have sent to the Clerk's desk, and which I ask |
the gentleman fiom Ohio to allow it to he read.
The gentleman will then know as much as 1 do
upon this subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Vei mom knows very well that unless the bill
we have passed making appropriations fur the jj
year ending the 30th of .Tnno, 1^03, provides for i!
this excess in the number of troops, we shall have
to pass bills to supply deficiencies for that year
to cover the excess.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to inquire of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,] who has
just given to tho House some information touch-
ing the number of troops actually in service, if it
has come to his knowledge that there are in the
different parts of the country what are called skel-
eton regiments which are only full in their num-
ber of officers; abundant, redundant in officers,
but in rank and file, beggarly poor; that in fact
there are regiments in the country that consist in
nothing but officers, the pay-rolls of which are
made out, and the full pay and compensation of
the officers drawn with singular regularity as often
as they are permitted?
I have to say that if I am called upon at this
time to vote for an appropriation of $30,000,000as
a deficiency, it would be convenient, not to say
proper or necessary—it would be gratifying to mo
if some gentleman could giveus some little inform-
ation as to where this $30,000,000 is to go.
Mr. COVODE. I will give the gentleman the
best information I have; but the gentleman from
Massachusetts knows that it has been reported,
and I have no doubt upon official authority, that
there are actually in the field over six hundred
thousand men. The present Secretary of War
made application to the proper officers m his De-
partment to give him exact information as to the
exactnumber. TheresultIhavementioned. Isaw
a table showing the number reported from each
State, and upon looking it over and comparing it
with the knowledge which I had in reference to a
portion of it—I mean especially the troops reported
as coming from Pennsylvania—1 found the num-
ber set down from that State to be correct. So far
as I was able to judge of the correctness of the
statement generally I found it satisfactory, and 1
believe u to be correct. As I have said, the ag-
gregate number there stated was, according to my
recollection, five hundred nnd seventy-two thou-
sand. I maybe mistaken by a few thousands,
but that is my recollection.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have the floor and
do not yield at this moment. I have just been in-
formed—I do not vouch for the fact—that there
is not a deficiency, but a deficit, a defalcation in
the War Department of some thirty millions of
dollars. If the gentleman has any information
upon that subject, it would be very gratifying to
me to hear it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think it is due to
the House that the gentleman from Ohio shall give
the name of the person upon whose authority he
makes that statement
Mr. COVODE. I have had the opportunityof
learning, perhaps, as much as any member of the
House m reference to the number of men in scr-
vice, and I have given the figures as near as I
could. And now, 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio upon what authority he makes his as-
sertion in reference to a defalcation in the War
Department? When a gentleman comes here for
the purpose of putting difficulties in the way of
the Administration, 1 want him to come out and
state the authoiUy upon which lie makes such a
charge against the Administration. When a man
is in the habit of using language in the House of
Representative,? which, if it j's not treason, comes
very near it, let him ?ive his authority when he
makes such a charge against the Administraiion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chaiiman, I
have the floor: and if 1 had not, I would call
the member from Pennsylvania to order. Ifsteal-
mg is a part of the business of the Ad mi n is ti at ion,
and it is treason to inquire into it, then this is
treason, and it is the only treason I have been guilty
of. When did that become tieason? I asseitcd
that what 1 have said was a luraor. I said that I
did not vouch for its truth. I merely suggested
the rumor I have heard; and am I to be told by
the member from Pennsylvania that it is treason
to chaige that a defalcation iias occurred in a De-
partment of the Government?
Mr. COVODE. I deny tiic truth of the asser-
tion; and 1 call for the evidence.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I was proceeding |
to say that it is well known in the countiy that t
the Societaly of the Treasury has gone to Perm- ;
sylvania to confer with the late Secretary of War, j
and the rumor is, that he has gone theie for the j
purpose of conferring with him in reference to this
alleged defalcation. How much truth there may
be in the rumor I am not able to say. " -
Mr. COVODE. I want to say just this
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I
am upon the floor and do not yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, nor will I yield to him
until he learns manners and decency enough to
deal with gentlemen in this House as its rules and
decorum require. He is entitled to no courtesy
from me.
Now, sir, it is extraordinary indeed that when
a charge of this description is made here, that in-
stead of meeting it as it ought to be met, and re-
futing it if it can be refuted, the member indulges
m the worn out, threadbare,infamous insinuation
of treason which has again and again been repeated
and exploded here. Sir, let me tell him that the
time lias gone by for all that. The country has
set its seal of condemnation upon it. The whole
people are rising up in judgment against it, and
the day has gone by when any man is to be silenced
upon this floor by insinuations of that kind.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am very glad, sir,
to hear the gentleman characterizing his remark
as a charge to be met. I want to know if he makes
that charge and holds himself responsible before
the country for making such a charge ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My language was
very distinct. I stated that it was a rumor im-
plying a charge against that Department, and I
was struck with the amount named in the bill, and
with the fact that wo have been furnished with no
satisfactory explanation.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Secretary fur-
nishes an explanation, and it shows how unrea-
sonable and unreasoning this allegation or rumor
is. We all know that the estimates upon which
our appropriation was founded wore for five hun-
dred thousand men, and it is as well known as
anything can be known that there are over seven
hundred thousand men in the service, and the es-
timate to pay five hundred thousand men we know
will not pay six or seven hundred thousand. This
appropriation is for the purpose of making up that
deficiency for the time which will elapse before
the fiscal year terminates. That, I should think,
ought to be explanation enough to satisfy any
reasonable man, and a better explanation than
that furnished by this outside rumor which the
gentleman brings into tlie House to assail the
Administration with.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Enough has al-
ready been disclosed by your investigating com-
mittees of the atrocious frauds and peculations by
that Department to justify me in referring to
charges or rumors of this character, and it will
not do for the friends of the ex-Secretary of War
to put on the garb of virtuous indignation when
such charges are alluded to, after the mass of
damning evidence which has been accumulated
by one of the committees of your own House. I
said expressly that I did not vouch for the truth
of it. I do not know personally anything about
it, but I say that after what has been disclosed, a
rumor of that kind is entitled to more credibility,
at least, than it would be if perfect innocence had
prevailed fiom the beginning.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to say that
this is not a case m which there can he anything
of the description which Uiegentleman alludes to.
Wo all know what Congress has fixed the pay of
soldiers at. We all know what is the pay of offi-
cers and by multiplying the pay by the number
of men we can ascertain what the deficiency
amounts to. The excess in the number of men
in the service over that which was provided for
and estimated for is a sufficient explanation of this
matter, and I say it puts a stopper on the gentle-
man, unless he can show that there is not this
numbei of men in the field.
And now I desire to answer an observation
which fell from the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawks }
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. One moment, if
you please, and then I will yield again. Before
the gentleman from Missoun'proceeds further, let
me say, in regard to this pan of the subject, that
I have not criticised, as I have a right to do, and
as I would do under ordinary circumstances, the
act of tho Administration in calling out more
troops than Congress hasauthorized. The Presi-
dent asked, last July, for four hundred thousand
m«n. and Congress <rave him five hundred thou-
