1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2643
five hundred acres. Every acreof Jand susceptible of cul-
tivation 15 thus improved, and when any large tiaof arc
held they are so held forpurposes of grazing, hay, and pas-
tutage, and are unfit for any other.
The whole territory is now, and for years* past has been,
in the actual possession of purchasers under the grant, and is
used for the varied purposes of a rural community. There
is no adverse possession to them or any of them, except
such as may have been obtained by trespass and unlawful
entry within substantial inclosures/since the news of the' re-
jection .ofthe grant has reached this State. These purchasers
constitute an important portion, loyal, prosperous, and in-
dustrious, of the citizens of the counties of Napa and Sol-
ano. They have bought their lands at large pi ices, have
made substantial and expensive impiovements, and have
built themselves up homes which they deem they have a
right to enjoy. They have paid taxes for the last twelve
years upon an assessment averaging more than five hun-
dred thousand dollars per year, about one quarter of which
amount is represented by the improvements attached to
the realty.
For more than fourteen years rights of property have been
growing and acctumg under faith of the original title, and
more particularly since the lecognition of the same by the
and commission, the district court of the United States,
and the favorable opinion of the legal representative of the
Government, more than once pronounced upon the ques-
tion of the purchase by the Government of some portion of
the land, parties have purchased at the full market value of
corresponding lands in any portion of the State, and have
placed upon the same such valuable improvements in the
shape of houses, fences, orchards, vineyard.*, &c., that the
Soseol Rancho is known as one of the best, if not the best,
improved sections of California. A short tune ago the news,
of the rejection of the grant reached this State; since that
time a body of men, incited by^leaders notoriously disloyal,
one of whom is the brother of the rebel Geneial Steiling
Price, have declared their intention (and in many instances
iiave attempted forcibly to execute the same) to deprive the
purchasers and occupants of their lands, improvement", not
even excepting the crop3 planted and now actually grow-
ing upon the soil, claiming that every poison in the com-
munity has a right, under the laws of the United States, to
preempt one hundred and sixty acres of land, and to take
the same, even if it be in the actual possession of another,
if that other claims more than a quarter section.
Your petitioners do not think their actual possession can
be legally distuibed in this summary manner, but they are
aware that much litigation, confusion, and, judging from
the character and disposition of the persons opposing, per-
haps actual collision, riot, and bloodshed, will ensue, unless
they be speedily relieved by the action of youi honoiable
body.
They deem their case one anomalous, equitably and
justly calling for relief, without which they will one and
all be mifted, the labor of years utterly lost, happy homes
broken up, a peaceful and quiet community distracted and
distuibed, and that more actual loss will accrue to the State
and General Government than the value of the lands twice
told. They pray that this rancho of Soseol be excepted
from the operation of the general preemption laws, and
that each purchaser under the grant be allowed to buy of
the Government^ at its minimum pi ice, the lands respect-
ively claimed without regard to Government lines.
This cannot interfere with Government suiveys, as the
territory is surrounded on all sides by private grants, and
no public survey has ever been had.
By this action the Government provides a ready sale for
a large quantity of land which would otherwise remain un-
disposed of for ycais, as much of the temtory would be
worthless and unsaleable if subdivided into quarter sec-
tions, and does an act of justice and mercy to many cit-
izens.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TRIMBLE obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Wilt the gen-
tleman yield to me to offer a substitute?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, offered the fol-
lowing substitute:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu
thereof as follows:
Thdl m all cases where Mexican grants to lands, in the
State of California, have been confirmed by the land com-
mission organized for the purpose of deciding upon the
validity of such grants, or by either of the United States
district couits m and for said State, and winch have been
or shall be rejected by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and where the title to the lands covered by such
trants, by reason of such rejection, jests in the United
tales, all persons who have actually and in good faith pur-
chased portions of said grants subsequent to such confirm-
ation and before the passage of this act, and who are in
actual possession, shall be protected in their possession*,
undisturbed by the possession of any other person or per-
sons, not to exceed one thousand acres to any one person,
or held under one purchase from the, original grant-holders,
and allowed to purchase such landat the priceof 95 per
acre, without legatd to the quantity of land so purchased
and held in possession, and without regard to sectional
lines: Provided, Such purchase shall be made and the
money paid thereon to pioper officers of the Government
within one year after the passage of this act, or one year
after the rejection of the grant: Jlnd provided further, Sur-
vevs of such land shall be made at the expense of the pur-
chaser by the surveyor general for said State, or by one of
his deputies, and approved by him: Jlnd prodded further,
That nothing in this act shall be construed so as to author-
ize the preemption or sale of mineral lands : Jlnd provided
further, That this act shall not be held to apply to the city ;
and county of San Fiancisco. !
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to offer
an amendment to the substitute, by striking out
one thousand acres, and inserting one hundred
and sixty acres.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Speaker, I shall detain
the House but a few moments upon this bill. I
have but little to say upon the subject. I feel it
my duty, however, as a member of the Committee
on Public Lands, to state to the House that I op-
posed the bill in the committee, and that I did so
because I believed it to be unjust in principle and
fraught with mischief. It is not asserted by any
one that our Government has failed to carry out
the provisions of the treaty made with Mexico;
nor has any one complained, so far as I have heard,
of any want of disposition on the part of our
Government to provide for all just claims that
have arisen or that may hereafter arise in the
State of California. In consequence of the nu-
merous claims to land presented under the Mexi-
can titles, a law was passed by Congress in 1851,
appointing a commission for the purpose of inves-
tigating these Mexican titles, with a right of
appeal from their decision to the district court,
and to the Supreme Court of the United States. 1
am informed that up to this time over a half mil-
lion of dollars have been expended in carrying
out that law. I will say now, as I said when the
question was presented before the Committee on
Public Lands, that if this bill provided only for
a few isolated cases of the kind specified by the
gentleman from California, and if there were no
other parties than these claiming under Mexican
titles or under the United States, this Government
ought to be liberal.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will say this
for the information of the gentleman, that I do not
think this bill will affect more than a half dozen
ranches. In nine cases out of ten where there
was any dispute about the title, the settlers went
in, in violation of the titles; but there are some
five or six—perhaps not more than four or five—
ranches, to whie.h the titles have been considered
perfect, which have passed the examination of
every lawyer to whom they were submitted, and
have passed the land commission and the district
court, and in which there never was any doubt in
the mind of any one as to their being good titles.
In such cases only have men purchased. But
when there was any doubt about the title, men
have invariably preempted. You might as well
attempt in California to pass a bill of a bad or
broken bank as to sell a piece of land on any of
these ranches, the titles to which were particularly
suspected.
Mr. TRIMBLE. In reply to that, I have only
to say, that if has been understood that these
Mexican grants are manufactured with great fa-
cility in California, and if they do not exist now,
we have no assurance they may not exist here-
after. I repeat, that if there was only one or two
of these cases, and the only parties interested
were the United States and actual settlers or in-
nocent purchasers under Mexican titles, the Gov-
ernment ought to be liberal. But the fact is, that
there are men in California now, as there have
been ever since the acquisition of that territory,
who have made it a business to speculate in these
Mexican titles. Many of the most valuable lands
in the State, agricultural and mineral, have been
covered over by these Mexican titles, two, three,
four, and five deep; this bill will not lessen the
number. I think the Government did its duty
when it appointed this commission, and author-
ized it to sit in judgmenton these titles, giving an
appeal from us decision to the district court, and
then to the Supreme Court of the United States.
I am not willing to repeal that law, or to so mod-
ify it as to make the decision of the commission
or of the district court final, so long as we have a
Supreme Court of the United States in existence.
I am not willing that individuals in the State of
California or anywhere else, in cases of this sort
or any other sort, shall engage in speculations on
the probabilities of future decisions to be pro-
nounced by the Supreme Court. The State of
California has no reason, as it seems to me, to
complain of any want of justice or proper con-
sideration on the part of the Government. She
has two school sections instead ofono,the amount
given tojthc older land States. She has aheady,
as I understand, received her half million acres of '
land for public improvement. She is entitled to
the swamp lands, and her citizens are now enjoy-
ing the benefit of all her vast mineral wealth.
We, here, have little conception of the amount of
wealth emboweled in the mountains and scattered
through the sands of that vast State. We have
been heretofore led to believe that her quicksilver
mines, her gold mines, and her gold deposits con-
stituted the chief mineral wealth of that State.
But the rich coal fields lately discovered, will
probably prove of more inestimable value to her
commerce and trade, than even her gold and quick-
silver and silver deposits. And yet the people of
California have never paid the Government any-
thing for all that mineral wealth.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the proposition here-, as I
understand it, is that after final decision on these
Mexican claims by the Supreme Court, many of
which were probably fraudulent and trumped up
by speculators, the Government of the United
States will undo all that it has done, and allow
the claimants to enter the lands at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. Speaker, there are other parties interested in *
this matter beside those who claim under Mexi-
can title. Actual settlers have gone on to some of
these lands and improved them, and this biltpro-
poses no relief for them or protection of any rights
they may have. Again, some of these ranches are
very extensive, and yet this bill doesnotlimit the
amount which may be taken at $1 25 per acre by
the parties whose claims have been decided ad-
versely by the Supreme Court.
One of the most serious drawbacks to the agri-
cultural growth and development of California is
the ownership by one man or a few men of such
large bodies of the best land in the State, and I
am not willing to give such persons any such
privilege as is granted in this bill, nor am I will-
ing, for their special benefit, to change the policy
which governs the sale of all other public lands,
under present laws; public lands are not subject
to private entry until they have been first offered
at public sale. The law should apply in this case
as in all others.
And here let me say that the lands are not wild
prairie lands and of little value; many of them, as
the gentleman has stated, are worth from five to
fifty dollars an acre.
Mr. SARGENT. Who has made them worth
that ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. The improvement of the
country, the addition to the population of the State,
the settlement of the public lands aboutthem, and
the demand for the production of the soil, created
by the immense immigration who went there from
the older States to work the mines.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I would like to
ask the gentleman from Ohio three questions. In
the first place, I ask him whether he believes
that under this bill parties would be entitled to
purchase land in the actual possession of another?
hi the second place, I would like to ask him where
he gets his information that ninety-nine out of
every hundred of these grants ave forgeries? 1
admit there are a great many.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I will answer that.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I would like
again to ask the gentleman if he is not aware that
the bill is not operative upon any mineral land
whatever; that all mineral lands are expressly
excluded from the operations of the bill?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I stand corrected by the
gentleman so far as the mineral lands are con-
cerned.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. If the gentleman
will permit me, I wish to ask one other question
right here. I ask the gentleman whether he would
propose that the Government should place a dif-
ferent value upon the public lands in California
from the value which is placed upon the public
lands generally?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Iwill answerthegentleman,
that on all the public lands I would place the same
value. That is what the Government now does;
and it is one of the objections to this biltHhat these
lands are not placed upon an equality with all
other lands belonging to the General Government.
In all other instances, Government lands arc first
offered at public sale before they are subject to
entry at 25 an acre. Purchasers value them
differently; Government makes no distinction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have been informed by
the gentleman from California himself that tvFo
thirds or three quartets of all the valuable lands
in that State are covered by these Mexican or
Spanish grants.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. The gentleman
