1M
3Jm Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONaRESSIONAL GLOBE.   [May 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Grider.
the Government. 1 will read a portion of the res-
olution of the Legislature of Kentucky:
"2. licsohml, That the exisungeivd war, foicod upoti the
paitonfii Govpmrneut without cause by the diMJmonists,
should not be waged upon the part of the Government in
any,'spirit of oppression, or tor any purpose of eonqne&tor
subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or interfering with
tlMTigfcts or established institutions of any of the Slates,
slaverbut to detend and maintain the supremacy of
Ibt^Cpastitution and to preserve the Union with all the dig-
nity, equality, and rights of the several States unimpaired;
aba astsodri as these objects aie accomplished, the war
ought to cease.*
,*♦3. Resolved, That in the adoption of the foregoing res-
olution by the national Congress, with unprecedented una-
nimity, at its late session, a rule of action was prescribed to
theGovernment from which It cannot depart without a dis-
regard of the plighted faith of the national Legislature, which
wo would be slow to believe can be seriously entertained.
Against any such departure we solemnly protest.
"4. ftciotvedy That the purpose e\preb>ed in paid rco-
hifton'te the great ewe! demanded, and that which insures
Kentucky with patriotic ardor to m;k tncir achievement
With all her loyal oneirics and m^an*, in the confident hope
of succor, and belief that the country saved, in ourti ntniph,
to us and to posterity, will still be glorious in the ficcdom
of its people, In the unity of its Government, and the secu-
rity of society, and worth infinitely more than it C05 t to
gave it."
So every gentleman of this House may see Ken-
tucky is with you, has indorsed and pledged her-
self to-your platform in this crisis. The loyal
men of Kentucky in the Legislature, in Congress,
and before the people, everywhere, have taken
that ground. We have pledged ourselves in Con-
gress that the Administration would not back out
of that position. If you do you embarrass your
friends and give ad vantage to your enemies. That
is quite sulKcieut to say upon that point.
1 do not say that men must surrender conscien-
tious views of personal or political obligation to
favor Kentucky orany otherState,butI dosay that
when the pledge was given, when it was received
ttpd acted upon as the true foundation and safe
groundwork of our course, and when we intend
to maintain that position, we have a right to de-
mand that the Representatives in this Hall shall
keep their first, best resolution in this great crisis.
Now, a word in reference to the pledges which
were given by the President. I do not believe,
and I uohot intend to believe until I am forced to,
that M.i\ Lincoln intends to abandon the pontoon
he took in his emancipation message. In that
name message he solemnly announced that he
would never permit the constitutional rights of the
States upon the subject of slavery to bo interfered
with nor invaded. Now, while we hold Congress
to their pledges, we hold President Lincoln to his
pledges. I believe they will be redeemed. I have
ho disposition to resist what is right, or to asperse
the Administration or anybody that sustains it.
The Administration has a heavy responsibility,
and needs help—true help—hfj.f in good faith.
i take my own course, expecting to render an ac-
count to my constituents, and every man heie holds
himself similarly responsible. This is no time to
attack anything but palpable error and armed
.traitors, i accord to Mr. Lincoln and to the com-
manding officers of the Army an intention to carry
.out tlteir declaration that they will not interfere
with slavery in the States. I will not trouble you
with much vending, but I want to illustrate this.
General Butler says:
" It is the desire of tho President that all '"xhfmg rights
in ah the .States he ful/y respected and maintained. The
war now piospcuted on the pan of the Federal Govern-
ment is a war for the Union, am) for the preservation of ,i)|
constitutional lights oi State*, and citizens of the States
in the Union."
That is what President Lincoln savs through
General Butler, for he has never ucalled Geneial
Butler from his command. Another general—
General Dix—says:
"Special directions have boon given notto inteifeto with
the condition or any peihon held to domestic «etvice- -md
hi order that there may be no ground tor mistake or nie-
textior im-rcpiesentwifcn, commanders of regiments and
corps have been instructed not to permit any such pagans
to come withm their lines."
General ^Sherman says the same thins, in sub-
stance. Now, these decIataUons of commanding
officers, under the instructions, or, at least, with
theapprova! of the President, are conclusive upon
this subject; and to make it still more conclusive,
whenever there has been any commanding gen-
eral who has departed from this policy, he has
been recalled from his command or rebuked by
the President. General Hunter is the last. I am
bound to receive this testimony, and I do receive
it, until another conclusion is forced upon my
mind by facts that I shall not invite, and that I**
will not resist in their true import and mean-
ing, to satisfy me that this is all fiction, and not
true. I think these thfrTgs are exactly right. The
only complaint in the world I have to make is,
that Congress has passed a law, over Mr. Lincoln
and over the commanders, making an additional
article-of war, that when negroes come into the
camps, the officers shall not deliver them up.
There may be a good and special reason for this,
but the reason is not very striking and palpable.
There was no absolute necessity for it. I know
mistakes might be made and injustice done, but
men ought to be allowed to act in the exercise of
a sound discretion! I say, therefore, that the
Administration party, in their legislation upon
tins subject, has discriminated against slavery,
and the authority which I have read, from Judge
Parker, is that, whenever such discrimination is
made either in favor of or against a thing which
is itself constitutional, the discriminating legisla-
tion is unconstitutional.
Now, sir, I must hasten on, but I want to put
myself exactly right upon all these questions, and
1 want my constituents to know exactly where I
stand. J,am going to do Mr. Lincoln all the justice
that I can do him. I am not going to attack his
administration at all. I'dare not do it in such
perilous times as these. We cannot, if we would,
remove him and appoint another, as in the Army.
Other gentlemen are welcome to do it, and 1 shall
not rebuke them for doing it. The responsibility
is theirs; but I will not take upon myself that re-
sponsibility, and for the reason that nothing like
party, nothing like sectional feeling, nothing like
excitement, nothing like agitation, ought to be per-
mitted to come into this Hall of deliberation until
this rebellion is put down and this Government
not only maintained, but stronger than ever, and
we have once more our glorious flag floating over
us all in peace and m union from Maine to Flor-
ida, and until such of our troops can come home
as survive the inclemency and disease that destroy
them in the camp andtheperilsof the battle-field.
Now, gentlemen, I am coming to another sub-
ject which, were it exactly assignable, I would
gladly assign over to some other gentleman. I
am against this confiscation bill and against this
emancipation bill. It is a wrong time to adopt
such measures ! And that of itself is a very good
and stUUerent reason for opposing them. I have
thought, and could not help thinking, that those
who want to take action against slavery now, dis-
criminating against it, are catching time by the
forelock, for fear they may never have another
opportunity. I hope I am mistaken in this. It
is the wrong time I Have we not enough to do
to attend to our financial interests and to the in-
terests of our Army and Navy ? Are we such a
gigantic body in intellect and numbers that we
cannot find subject-matters enough for our con-
sideration and deliberation? Is not the task of
conducting this rebellion and taking care of the
Army and Navy and of the finances of the Gov-
ernment, excluding these vexatious questions, suf-
ficient for all the powers that we can bring to bear
during the present rebellion ?
Well, gentlemen, it is not only the wrong time,
but there is no necessity for it! I will show you
that it will not help to put down this rebellion.
H will, if you will believe me, extend the rebel-
lion and increase our expenses by reason of the
extension of the rebellion beyond what you will
get by confiscation. Now, do not you think that
we, whose people have been quartered upon and
oppressed for months by these armed traitors, can
speak honestly and truthfully about this matter?
I repeat,that Cy these measures you will protract
this rebellion until it will cost the Government
more to suppress it than all the money you can
got by confiscation. Now, do not think there is
any threat in this, because, protracted or not pro-
tracted, I am going to be a Union man, and I tell
you that two thirds of the people of Kentucky are
going to be Union men even if tlffe rebels get the
ascendency and swing them up for their loyalty.
I say there is no necessity for confiscation or
emancipation. Why? Because the work now on
hand is to put down the rebellion. Does any man
believe that the emancipation of the slaves will ;
aid in putting down this rebellion ? Why, that is
the very thing the South pretended they took up
arms about—that is the very hobby upon which
they rode their people into rebellion. If you will
only look at this question as reasonable men, you
will seeatonce thatit will not; on the contrary, it
will retid the putting dowrrthe rebellion,and pro-
crastinate the hour of peace and of success.
Let us look at the matter as reasonable men.
There is an influence already there against the
Union. Some of the people there are in rebellion
and have taken up arms against the Government.
Well, if you emancipate their slaves you will ex-
asperate them and all their family relations and
neighbors. You will infest the country with free
blacks. You know how suspicious and jealous
men are about their property, and their neigh-
bors, even Union men, will say: <£ we cannot tell
what is coming next; they may take our slaves
next; you never saw a storm pass overan orchard
and bhjwthe apples off one tree, but what it blew
the apples off the others, too." [Lftughter.] That
is what they will 'say, and I tell you it is a good
argument, because it is predicated upon the ex-
perience of humanity and the consciousness of
men, for we know other men as we know ourselves.
We can put down this rebellion without any con-
fiscation bill; we can put down this rebellion with-
out any emancipation. And when we have ac-
complished that great end, if it becomes necessary,
then consider emancipation a'nd punishing the
guilty. Let us consider the question like philoso-
phers when we have time, and the struggle is
over. The people who are interested in it will
bring it up when it is timely and right, and then,
like statesmen and like philanthropic and benevo-
lent men, consider it, if you must, when all the
States shall be here to be heard in our delibera-
tions. Some of our people may concur with you,
perhaps, and some disagree. But why should
you press the matter now when there is no neces-
sity for it, and when it is the wrong time, and
i when it will do no good and do hai m.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
| Mr. ARNOLD. I hope the gentleman's time
will be extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. GRIDER. Mr. Speaker, I have said that
this rebellion can be put down easier, better, quick-
er, without bills of confiscation or emancipation
than with them. Confiscation is against the spirit
of the age. The authorities m support of it are
dug up from the tombs of antiquity. It is too fav
behind the age. I ask any gentleman of respons-
ibility and moral feeling whether, when these
traitors are subdued, the rebellion overcome,and
the Government as it was—as we expect will be
the casein two or three months—the Government
would appropriate to itself the property of these,
traitors? No sir, you would not have it. If this
bill be passed, and the rebellion be put down, be-
fore the whole machinery of confiscation is wound
up, and the money put into the Treasury, Con-
gress would abandon the idea of having it placed
there. We would do as the Ssviss Government
did. They had a rebellion something like this.
I referred to it the other day, and one of the news-
papers undertook to correct my statement. Rut,
according to mjr recollection, some of the cantons
got into a rebellion against the confederacy; some
were neutral. But they were subdued, brought
to terms, and theGovernmentmaintained. It had
been ordered that the expenses of the war should
be defrayed by the rebellious and the neutral can-
tons; but when the Government was saved, this or-
der was revoked, and all the expenses were paid by
the entire confederacy. Therefore I say that this
confiscation bill is against the spirit of the age.
What do you want with the property of these trai-
tors? It will cost you more to take it and cash
it,counting the fraud, perjury,suffering, stealing,
and excitement it would produce, than it is worth.
It would upturn all social and peaceful relations,
even in hope.
Mr. WHALEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. GRIDER. Yes; for it will secure me a
little more time.
Mr, WHALEY. I understand the gentleman
to say he is opposed to any confiscation.
Mr. GRIDER. Y es; any confiscation at all at
present.
