1882.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
37th Coxa....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Qrider.
Ho. ot Reps.
Mr. W1IALEY. Does the gentleman expect
that the loyal States, which will be so heavily
taxed to pay for this war, are to be also taxed to
pay for the losses inflicted on Union men in the
border slave States?
Mr. GRI0ER. If it were proposed to turn
over all this fund wrung; from traitors to indem-
nify the Union men who have been plundered and
ruined by secession, that would be another ques-
tion.
Mr, WHALEY. The question I ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is, who are to pay these
men who have had their buildings burned, their
fences destroyed, and their property plundered,
and who are now living on charity?
Mr. GRJDER. We have all lost in this rebel-
lion. My town was partly burned up. What-
ever losses were inflicted by the Federal Army
will be paid for by the Federal Government. As
to those caused by the army of traitors, they are
the fate of war, and form no ground for a claim
on this Government. If this confiscation Vere to
result in indemnifying them, I would not object
to it.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that confiscation is
against the spirit of the age. One of the highest
moral sentiments in men and nations is forgive-
ness. Your learned it when a child at your moth-
er's knee. 1 have no vengeance to visit on any-
body. I chng to my constitutional rights. I cling
to the Union. I would vote all the needful sup-
plies of men and money to subdue this rebellion;
and then, when we had saved the Government,
we could consider all these questions that are now
retarding and annoying the action of the people
and the Government. Another great moral sen-
timent, and the most powerful lever to control
men, is love. Exasperate these men, confiscate
their property, emancipate their slaves, and 1 ask
you whether you do not goad them into despera-
tion5 But hold off your confiscation bill, an-
nounce, according to the sentiment of the resolu-
tion of Kentucky which I have read to you, that
this is no war for subjugation oi plunder, no w«u*
for emancipation, but a war for the maintenance
of the whole Government in the spirit of annty
and friendship. Tell them that you undertake to
control them, not by a bill of confiscation, not by
denunciations or emancipation, but by the Con-
stitution and the laws. Say to them, " although
you are traitors, and deserve to be punished, as
some of you will be, you were once our fellow-
citizens; you still are our fellow-citizens, and are
under our protection and juiisdiction if you will
cease your madness, strife, rebellion, and treason;
but 4 the Union must be preserved,' and treason
shall be overwhelmed and punished. Wedonot
intend you any harm, and would not do you any
harm, except to use such force, and no more, as
will bring you back to your submission to the
Constitution and laws of the land."
What have you got the right to do? You have
got the light to put down this rebellion in the
quickest and most effective manner. But you
have not got the light to use any more force or vio-
lence than is necessary. You cannot burn, maim,
and torture—no ! If you do, then, according to
common-law principles, you yourselves become
the aggressors. Is not that right? Is it not the
true principle of the law ? Is not the moral sen-
timent which I have proposed to you sound? Is
it not predicated on well adjusted principles of
law ?
One more proposition and I am done. I ask
you whether magnanimity and forbearance arc
not greater powers than intolciance and oppres-
sion ? I am not pleading the cause of those trai-
tors, but I repeat that magnanimity and toleration
are mightier levers than punishment and confis-
cation—toleration in contradistinction to confisca-
tion, or, if you please, torture, or other unusual
punishment.
What are we doing? Putting down the rebel-
lion. Then there is another thing which I would
have you do. Falsify the lumor that this is a war
upon slavery, even incidentally, and you will
sooner put down this rebellion than you will by
passingabillofconfiscation. Whatever gentlemen
may believe to the contrary, I know that these
people are misled and deceived to an extent be-
yond that of any people of their intelligence.
They were first made mad. Their leaders, their
politicians, their demagogues, blindfolded them,
and led them into this rebellion. For what? Be-
cause they made them believe that there was to
be a crusade against slavei y, and on their consti-
tutional rights and privileges. Dispel this delu-
sion, and they will come back to the old Constitu-
tion, the old homestead. They would come, as
they ought, like the prodigal, in tears and peni-
tence and confession; but they believe it yet.
Governor Andrew Johnson tells you so. Falsify
that belief, and you will do more to bring about
peace and put down this rebellion than you can
do by a thousand bills of emancipation and con-
fiscation. Is it not a much better way? It is the
fairest appeal; it is an appeal to reason, and to the
interest of a man that will commend you to him,
that will bring him back to your home, and make
him lovo you. It is not by goading on to mad-
ness;jt is not by hunting down with the hue and
cry of confiscation and emancipation that you will
win him back.
Now, sir, I want it understood that [ am no
defender of any traitor. 1 say it is your duty to
an est him, to indict him, to try him fairly, and
whatever is the penalty of treason, let him meet
it unless the Executive see fit to extend his clem-
ency. i say there is moio mercy in (hat than iheie
is in this wholesale confiscation, than t 1kme is m
this wholesale emancipation.
Now, sir, upon the proposition of this bill to
confiscate the property of a man by proceedings
in rem, without personal notice, without affording
him an opportunity to appear and show cause
why the confiscation should not go agaimst him,
let me suggest a single thought respecting the
legal aspect of the question. 1 do not know that
it is sound, but I believe it is. I assert that the
Congress-of the United States have no power to
emancipate any slave in Kentucky if the consti-
tution of that State prohibit such emancipation.
You have no power over the subject. Bv the
Constitution of the country you are' estopped, be-
cause upon this subject of slave? y tTie eonstnu-
tion of Kentucky ispaiamount m Us authority to
the Constitution of the Federal Government, or
rather, the Federal has no jurisdiction but to war-
rant and protect it in the State, it being a local
matter belonging exclusively to the mutnnpal
authority of the. State, and that exclusive jiu isdte-
Uon on the part of the State does not come into
conflict with the Constitution of the United States,
or with any law of the United States made m pur-
suance ihereof.
Now, R>ir, here is another proposition. The con-
stitution of Kentucky, as it now exists, prohibits
the emancipation of slaves. It was once just as
easy to emancipate your slaves as to do any ofher
act. All you had to do was to take yourslavcs,
Tom, Dick, and Harry to the county court and
give them their papers-of emancipation. You
were not even required to give a bond, unless the
negro was old or unable to take care of himself.
But gentlemen m and out of Congress raised
this agitation. You brought on this wrangling
over that institution, driving us a littlcfurther and
alittle further back, until you succeeded in making
strong pro-slavery men of those who weie once
as sound on the subject of emancipation as you
would expect. My colleague [Mr. Harding]
suggests they themselves made the question of
emancipation before the people of the State. In the
last convention the question was raised whethei
the people of the State should be permuted m fu-
ture to amend the constitution of the State one or
two clauses at a time. But, sir, those opposed to
emancipation refused to accede to that proposition,
because they said it was intended to make the
constitution of the State an emancipation consti-
tution. They th-en formed a constitution which is
thoroughly pro-slavery, and itcannot be amended j
for some lour or five years yet to come, if it were j
desirable for this purpose. Youcannotcmancipaie i
a slave in that State now at all. The only means
by which it can be done is to emancipate, and then
take your slave out of the State to return no more.
Now, I maintain that if you can emancipate
slaves m Kentucky at all by the exercise of Fed-
eral power—and I deny that you can—it must be
done in conformity with the constitution of Ken-
tucky, unless it be true that in respect to her local
institutions the Constitution of the United States
is paramount to the constitution of Kentucky. I
am perfectly aware that the Constitution of the
United States, and the laws made in pursuance
thereof, must be the supreme law of the land, any-
thing m the constitution or laws of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding. Then, if you un-
dertake to accomplish this object through the
passage of a law by the Congress of the united
States, you must show the law to be in conformity
with the Constitution of tfte United States, which
cannot be done,because no such power is granted.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to read the clause
in the Constitution of the United States defining
treason. It is in these words:
Treason ngniiM the United States shall consist onlv in
tevj m<j w,u .tn.unht them, or in adliethni u> their enema's,
Civnur thou) aid ami eomluit. Noper<mi «haU be coimcied
ot tuwMHi unless oil the testimony ot'two witnesses to the
same oven act, ot on emuesMOii in open eouit."
'•yiioCV.nirte^ Minll have the power to declaro the pun-
ishment of trefoil ; but no attamdei ofuvr^on ait woik
eonupiion of Wood, or ton'eituie, except dming the Ufa of
the peison utuiuted.'1
Now, sir, I make this point, and I make it sim-
ply ft oni the common-sense reading, from the plain
import of the language. Whatever is true even
of this bill (either of them) proposing to confis-
cate or emancipate is constitutional—whtch is de-
nied, and domed by gentlemen who have exam-
ined the subject, and are of high legal attainments,
having consulted the authorities—still it must he
lor the lifetime only of the party found to be guilty.
But 1 did not propose to argue the legal or con-
si Hutional question, but its policy, practicability,
and usefulness in view of the great end to be
accomplished—the suppression of the rebellion,
maintenance of the Union and Constitution, and
handing back, in the majesty, justice, and power
of the Government, to every State and every cit-
izen all their constitutional rights restored a"s be-
fore I Rescuing from usurpation the scepter which
ambitious and wicked men have been wielding
over misguided cinzens, with a view to their own
elevation; thereby exhausting and burning the
substance of the honest industry with infuriated
folly, and wounding the sensibilities of the home
circle around us with the terrible results of camp
and field, bearing back the tale of death and of
woe to those that are loved.
But suppose you pass this bill for confiscation.
Mow will you put it into operation ? Upon whom
will it operate in its consequcnc.es? Upon the
traitor in arms alone? No ! upon wife, children,
infants, lunatics, idiots—all without exception—
not one saving clause, not onenitUince exempted.
No ! let this not be. The soul that sinneth shall
die! Suppose you emancipate the slaves. Will
you leave them in a community to demoralize and
dissatisfy their race? Will you take charge of
them and place them in a better condition than
they are now? Unless the Government can do
this, or unless the master can do this, the obliga-
tion is clear, m all sound morality and Christian
duty, to keep them as they arc, leaving the high
and heavy responsibility of being made answer-
able to eaith and Heaven for the charge which,
by Providence, is involved in the case, I say,
too, the servant who is a member of a good con-
scientious family, who know and do their duty in
sound benevolence, in view of the relation and
the Christian obligation imposed by it, is in the
most favorable condition of any portion of the
African race at this time/ This, as far as I am
informed, is true, whether you consider their well
being here or their prospects hereafter. Rut all
the black race among us arc not in this condition.
Neither are all the white race. L am glad Con-
gress has not got the whole world to take care of.
We should not know what to do with it. It will
be as much as Congress can do, well and quick,
to manage this rebellion! Confiscation and eman-
cipation now will give no strength, no means,
neither facility or expedition. 1 therefoie invoke
at, present none of this aid, none of these sympa- '
thics.
I wish wehad alllearned better the eleventh com-
mandment, " Let everybody attend to their own
business and let otherpeople,salone.,> I wish we
could learn to love, at least not cultivate inveter-
ate prejudices, personally or sectiorialiy. I would
be glad if the flood tide of sympathy, which ia
being exhausted here would be turned upon the
parched sands of Africa, and a respite given till
this rebellion is over. I should like to near the
