1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
of his remaining in the service or of losing1 his life
before the pay becomes due. That is the expla-
nation of that matter. The privates in the service
are brought up to the pay table and paid individ-
ually by the paymaster.
Now, sir, I saw a statement that the Secretary
of War said from the pay-rolls there was the
number of troops mustered into service referred
to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Covode.] I understood that the Secretary of
War said there was in addition about one hundred
thousand men, of which he had undeniable in-
formation. That would make near seven hundred
thousand men in all.
Mr. COVODE. Five hundred and eighty-six
thousand is the number stated by the Secretary of
War to be mustered into the scivice, and it is
upon that number that the present appropriation
is asked.
Mr. DAWES. Then the Secretary of War
must have been laboring under a mistake when
he said that there was one hundred thousand
besides.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I renew theamend-
rnent. Mr.Chairman,I made noinsinuation what-
ever, direct or remote, impeaching the integrity of
the present Secretary of War. 1 have known him
familiarly for nearly twenty years, and in aH that
time I have never heard a breath of suspicion
against him in that regard. But I deny that it is a
practice to be adopted in the legislation of this
House to screen behind the established honesty
of any man any expenditure of money of this
Government from proper inquiry. And it is wor-
thy of note, also, that, although the First Assist-
ant Secretary of War is reported by a committee
of the Pennsylvania Legislature to have been en-
gaged in distiibuting money among the members
of that Legislature for the purpose of procuring
the passage of a railroad bill, yet he is permitted
to retain his place, while the Secretary of War,
upon a mere charge, suspends instantly two assist-
antsurgeons of the army stationed in the Missis-
sippi valley until an investigation can be made into
their cases.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Now, when the
gentleman from Ohio speaks of a rumor of a de-
falcation in the War Department at a time when
the Secretary of War asks for an appropriation to
pay volunteers, who otherwise will remain un-
paid, I put it to him whether he does not make an
insinuation against the Secretary of War?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I did not, in that
connection, make any allusion to the Secretary of
War. 1 did not insinuate that tins $3U,U00,0U0
was to be applied to cover up any defalcation in :
the War Department.
Mr. COVODE. Let me say a word.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I decline to yield
to the member from Pennsylvania at all.
I repeat that any deficiency hill is deserving at
the hands of the members of tins House of the
most rigid scrutiny. Let there be some explana-
tion in this particular case of why the appropri-
ations madeby this Congress have been exceeded
by the Executive Departments. Jt is the practice
of this House, and a wise one, that the closest
examination should be made of all bills of this
character. I have not ventured to enter into the
question of why the Administration has called into
service more troops than the law allows, notwith-
standing the ease referred to; but I do maintain
that the House never intended, that the Senate
never intended, and that the country never intend-
ed, that authority should be given to the War De-
partment to raise more than five hundred thou-
sand men. It may be necessary,under the action
of the preceding administration of the War De-
partment in calling out moie than that number of
men, that this interpretation should be made now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to oppose
the amendment. I will say that neither the Sen-
ate nor the House intended to authorize the rais-
ing of more than five hundred thousand troops;
but it was considered by a portion of the Cabinet
that the act allowed twice that number to be raised.
On a closer examination of the law, they came to
the conclusion that it was not intended to raise
more than five hundred thousand men, and from
that time they did not propose to raise more than
was contemplated by the act. Under ordinary
circumstances, f would be in favor of holding the
Department to a rigid accountability and to the
strict letter of the law; but on looking at the letter
of the law, it will be seen that it does permit the
construction to be made that it authorizes the rais-
ing of one million of men. Men have been raised
beyond five hundred thousand to the number of
something like one hundred and fifty thousand.
Certainly there has been economy in not exceed-
ing the estimates by a much larger amount. It is
to be wondered at that the deficiency does not
amount to more than is now reported by the War
Department. These men have been raised, and
they have served the country, and there is no man
here I am sure who will now refuse to pay what
is due to them.
Now, in reference to the imputation cast upon
the Secretary of War by the gentleman from Ohio,
who said rumor had ascribed as the amount of the
defalcation of the War Department exactly the
ominous amount asked for by the Secretary of
War. If there had been any defalcation, the Sec-
retary of War would have known of it; and if this
appropriation was for the purpose of covering any
defalcation, I take it that he would have disclosed
that fact to us. He has, however, disclosed that
this appropriation of $30,000,000 is to pay soldiers
who have been raised by the Government and put
into service of the country. Nobody will deny
the facts nor the money.
I move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing the debate on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideiation, and particularly the Ai my
deficiency bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the pending section be closed in
one minute after Us consideration shall be re-
sumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
rules be suspended and the House lusolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Cox in the chair.)
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr.CRADLEBAUGH. I move to amend the
bill by providing that no letters or other commu-
nications from the Secretary of War shall be ie-
eeived by this House on any other day than Sat-
urday. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to oidei, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Army
deficiency bill, and had directed him to report the
same back to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam questioned ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, of
Massachusetts, and Loyejoy were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers
having reported—ayes thirty-five; more than one
fifth of those present.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS— Aldiich, Alien. Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Bnhiutt, Joseph llaily, Il.tKei, Baxter, IJeaman,
JSfddie, Bmuliam, Fian< is l'. L)i,ui, Jacob B Blast, Samuel
S.iJtan, Blake, \Vilhain G. Blown, Butl'mion, Campbell,
Cascv, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Iloscoe
Conkling, Covode, Cox, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Divcn,
Ducll, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards. Eliot, Fe.^enden, Frank,
Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Gridei, Ilaight, Hale, Hall,
Harding, Hairismi, Hickman, Hooper, Hutchins, Johnson,
Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellrtgg, Ketr!«an, Kiltingei,
Knapp, Lansing, Law, Lascar, Lcary, Lohman, Loomis,
Lovejoy, McKnight, McPherson,Mitchell, Moorhead, An-
son P. Woriill, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Noble,
Noell, Ntigen, Odell, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, Price, Alexander II. Rice,
John II. Rice, Riddle,Edward II. Rollins,James S. Rollins,
Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheflield, Sliellabarger, Sloan,
Smith, Spaulding, John B. Steele, Stiatton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Fiancis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbudge, Van
Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wad-swortli, Wall, Wallace, E.
P. Walton, Ward, Washburnc, Wheeler, Albeit S. White,
Chilton A. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, Worces-
ter, and Wright—119.
NAYS—Messis. Calveitand May—2.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States:
Fellow- Citizens of the Senate and
House of Representatives:
The act entitled "An act for the release of certain per-
sons held to service or labor in the District of Columbia"
lias> this day been appioved and signed.
I have never doubted th^ constitutional authority of Con-
gress to abolish slavery in this District, and F have ever de-
sired to see the national capital tieed from the institution
in some satisfactory way. Hence there has never been in
my mind any question upon the subject, except the one of
expediency, arising in view of all the circumstances. If
theie be matter's wnhin and aboutthisact which might have
taken a course or shape more satisfaetoiy to my judgment,
I do not attempt to specify them. lam giatificd that the
two principles of compensation and colonization aie both
recognized and piactieally applied in the net.
In the matter of compensation, it is ptovided that claims
may be presented within ninety days fiom the passage of
the act, " but not thereafteiand theie is no saving for
minoi , femmes covert, insane, or absent poisons. I pre-
sume this is an omission by mere oversight, and J lecom-
mend that it be fcupplicd by an amendatory or supplemental
act. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Jlpril 16,18t>2.
The message was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OP REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of George Opdyke
and other citizens of New York for a pension to
the widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel dc Mon-
teuil, and the same was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
BEAT1I OF HON. TIIOMAS B. COOPER.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to an-
nounce the mournful fact that my late colleague,
Hon. Thomas B. Cooper, is no more. He de-
parted this life at his late residence in the village
of Coopersburg, in the county of Lehigh, on the
4th day of the present month,at two o'clock in the
afternoon, in the bosom of his family, surrounded
by neighbors and friends, fully resigned to his fate
and the decree of an all-wise Providence, which
the nature of his disease had admonished him
should soon take place. That disease was an ul-
ceration of the throat, and had given him great
pain from the time of its inception, which was
early in the fall of the year I860. In the latter
days of his life he was sometimes unable to ppeak
at all, and speaking always gave him much pain.
It is evident these admonitions had been well
heeded by him, and that his hour of dissolution,
when it came, found him prepared. Calmly he
informed his wife and children and kindred and
friends that he was dying, and bid them one by
one a last farewell. And when he was no longer
able to speak, he, whose professional duties had
so often called him to witness the progress of dis-
solution in others, the great study of whose life
had been how to postpone the awful hour and al-
leviate the sufferings of his fellow-beings, with
perfect composure, as if curious to watch that
progress in himself, beckoned for a mirror, and,
holding it up before him, he watched the twitching
nerves and muscles of his face until his eye grew
dim, and then with alternate hands he felt the last
pulsations of his wi ists a few moments, und then
expired without a struggle or a groan. Could the
thoughts of that last brief hour have found utter-
