664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
is valuable to us depends upon our success. The
country is powerful; the people are full of patri-
otism; we are providing by law a sure fund to pay
the interest of the public aebt, to defray the ordi-
nary expenses of Government, and a fund with
which ultimately to redeem the principal. What
we desire to borrow is to be expended in the sup-
pression of this infamous rebellion. We have not
only the means but we have the will to meet all
our own engagements promptly."
Do you think, Mr. Chairman, that an individual
wanting to borrow money, presenting himself to
his neighbors who had moncy'to lend, would have
any difficulty in procuring it?
So with the United States. The Government
has the ability and it has the will to pay, and all
that it has to do is to announce to the capitalists
that it is agood husband, and will take care of its
business; that it is honest in its expenditures, and
that it will use this money to put down this rebel-
lion; that it will not spend time upon side issues,
but that it will devote this money judiciously,
honestly, and energetically to the end proposed;
and I think you will see that the coffers of the
capitalists will open, and that gold will run out in
the utmost abundance.
The declaration that this is a necessity is a
legislative declaration that this Administration is
not equal to the occasion for which it was elected.
I,forone,will not voteforthatdeclaration. Such
is not my opinion. I think the Administration
has committed errors; but I am not willing to say
by my vote that it is not equal to the emergency.
The plan suggested in the bill of tho member
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will, if followed
up by judicious and energetic measures, I am con-
vinced, accomplish the purposes of the Govern-
ment. You have all that is valuable in the credit
of the United States in this form; and you have the
additional inducement of laying it aside tempo-
rarily, or funding it upon better terms than the
Treasury demand notes. Then there is another
point to which I will call the attention of the com-
mittee. It is in accordance with the usage of mer-
chantsand men of business ofall sections,because
when you postpone payment you are or ought to
bo willing to pay interest, you do not believe
that it is right when you cannot pay not to pay
f« r Lhe delay. And it keeps the specie standard
according to our old notions of gold and silver.
You know that in all the business of life it is a most
important thing that the standard of payment or
the standard of value shall be as nearly invariable
as possible. You know if I could sell you one hun-
dred thousand yards of broadcloth, and I should
have the power of having a gum-elastic yard-
stick, you would not know really what amount of
cloth you had. If it be right to vary the standard
it will be very much as in the eaily history of
Michigan, when furs were the staple commodity
of that now prosperous country, and when a fur
trader called the weight of his foot a pound of fur
on the scales. You may have seen in the papers
how in the pepper district a pound of pepper was
weighed by the foot of the merchant. That, Mr.
Chairman, is a variable standard; and if a legal
tender can be allowed to vary the standard when-
ever the friends of the Administration and the
friends of the Government can say that the Gov-
ernment is under a necessity, where will you land
with your ideas of value?
The first exhibition, Mr. Chairman, that the
people will seo in this country if this bill goes
into effect, will be this: it will enable the contract-
ors who cannot now get their pay fiom the Gov-
ernment, to get it and to pay it over to their debt-
ors. They in their turn will be anxious to get
some one to take it, and money will seem for the
time to bo abundant, and trade will seem to be
active. Ail parties, however, will find that tho
Government has wronged somebody out of the
difference between the par and the present value
of the stocks of the United States, and they will
submit to that operation simply because they can-
not help themselves. And what will they do next?
They will bide their time. The Government is
obliged to get supplies, and the contractors will
put their supplies up to the amount they have
lost, and ten orfifleen per cent. more. They will
say that next time they deal with Uncle Sam they
will take care to get all that they are entitled to,
and the Government will have to pay all that they
have lost, and a percentage for future indemnity.
But among the people, Mr. Chairman, what will
be the effect? What will be the effect in Ohio, in
Kentucky, and in all the States? The first shock
will be that the moral sense of the country will be
outraged. Your friends and neighbors will not
at first be made to believe that it is right, when
they have agreed to pay a hundred to get a clear
receipt for eighty-five, or ninety, or ninety-five.
And I tell you, it is not safe foralegislative body
to undertake to teach the people laxity of morals.
Our Government within the last four or five years
have clandestinely taught lessons of corruption,
wide enough and well enough understood, to cor-
rupt public morals as far, at least, as the extreme
point of safety; and when we get together here,
and in solemn legislative act say that wrong shall
be right, the virus of dishonesty will extend to
limits you cannot very well calculate. 1 for one
will have no part or parcel in a legislative act of
that sort.
The next thing, Mr. Chairman, to which I
would call the attention of the committee is this:
that confusion and uncertainty will extend in re-
lation to the value of all exchangeable articles,
and you will never know how much you have;
how much what you have is worth, or anything
certain about it, simply because you have no stand-
ard; because the standard of depreciated paper
currency changes from day to day, and from hour
to hour; and all the legislation of the Congress of
the United States, even if it is as powerful as my
friend and colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] who made
a speech yesterday, said it was—and I have no
doubt of it—cannot make paper currency anything
but what it is.
There are some things, Mr. Chairman, which
cannot be done. Inflation of prices, although it
might not be rapid, and although the country
might not be ruined at once, and although we
might not find ourselves in that Serbonian bog m
which armies whole have sunk at oncc, we will
get there soon enough. Inflation of prices will be
the result; and when inflation of prices begins,
exports decrease and imports increase. Agricul-
tural interests will be injured to an incalculable
extent, and the next great result will be upon us,
which is the export of gold out of the country to
pay debts abroad for excessive importations, su-
perinduced by the inflation of prices here. We
shall not then be able to say as we can now, " the
farming productions of the West have been sent
abroad to such an extent that even gold has been
brought back to pay the balance of trade in our
favor."
In 1836 we imported wheat into this count) y,
not because we did not grow it as well as now,
but because prices became so inflated that we all
speculated in western lands and town lots and be-
came perfectly wild, and the farmers of Europe
supplied the citizens of New York with wheat to
make Hour of. What has been done will be done
again. In the end, the Government will be vastly
the loser by the inflation of prices, because it has
to buy such an immense amount of supplies\ and
the contractor will hold in his hand, not the legis-
lative power, but the practical power to say, here
is my property, and you shall have it at such a
price, and not lor less. We have not yet reached
the point when the Government, exercising its
high prerogatives, as the member from New York
[Mr. Spaulding] calls them, can lake for its use
the property of the citizen without pay. Mr.
Chammtw, 1 put. the question to you with all re-
spect, would it not be as honest to go to the banks,
and vsay, " you have such an amount of gold; just
pay over, and we will give you our bonds?" The
advantage of that process would be that you could
measiue the injury you had done and make repa-
ration; but how can you measure the amount of
injury to the country by a depreciated and fluc-
tuating standard of payments?
During this discussion we have been told that
old rules will not answer. I have read, and I pre-
sume all have, the spying of the wise man, that
" the thing that has been done, it is that which
shall be done;" and that " there is no new thing
under the sun." 1 do not believe there is any new
thing in the laws of finance. I do not believe all
. the legislative wisdom we could get together could,
if concentrated in one man, discover any new
thing in (he doctrine of business. Experience,
practical knowledge, aie the only safe guides in
this matter. But there is one great interest which
you will appreciate, and which, I think, 1 know
something of, and that is the interest of labor. Of
all classes of community to be .injured by this
great act of oppression—and that is the true name
for it—is that vast multitude that get their bread
by the sweat of their brow. You render the stand-
ard of payment uncertain, and they never will
know what their wages are for a day's work, or
a month's work. The capitalist of New York,
the millionaire here and there, will take care of
himself; and the first thing he will do will be to
send his means out of the country. Every man
that has foreign relations in any shape will send
his coin out of the country. Whazj Because he
will flee, as from an infected disSfct, a country
where there is no security for property. And if
your money is not secure, your land is not secure.
The only difference,perhaps, will be that the pres-
sure will be greater; the principle is the same.
But there is a consideration stronger than all
this; it disgraces the Government under which we
live. It is worse than forty defeats on the battle-
field. It cannot be wiped out by any future hero-
ism. It is saying to the world we are bankrupt,
and we are not only weak, but we are not honest.
Now,Mr. Chairman, I knowlhaveusedstrong
expressions, but I only wish I had the power of
language strong enough to express myself as
deeply as I feel. If we once begin this course of
policy, we will continue it. And then look out
for the tax bill. I tell you now that the faith of
this Government is pledged by a solemn vote of
this House that a tax bill shall be passed to raise
$150,000,000 a year; and if it were not for that, if
we pass this bill, I should doubt whether we could
pass the tax bill through this body. The people
arc very patriotic, and they come up to our com-
mittee and say, "tax us" "tax us," but, Mr.
Chairman, when we get this through Congress,
and it is supposed to be successful for the time
being, as everybody will dislike to put his hand
into his pocket if he can get along without it, we
will repeat the doctrine of necessity with varia-
tions, and Congress will yield to the syren song,
and members who nourish their popularity will
be very anxious to lessen the amount of taxation.
I do not suppose that the bill which I advocate*
is going to work any miracle, but I do believe it
tends in the right direction, and that every foot of
progress we make under it will be a safe and sure
advance according to the old standard. And when
daylight springs up; when there is a little sun-
shine in our policy; when the Administration—I
speak it with all respect—is invigorated and in-
spired with the spirit that the people have, the
people will see that something is to be done, and
they will furnish their money to the Government
with the same readiness that they have their men.
I think the indications are, and especially from
the War Department, that we have a new hand
at the helm; that something will be done. The
people will be encouraged, and they will have faith
in the ability of the Government to put down this
rebellion. Faith on the part of the people, and
works on the part of the Government, will accom-
plish all that is to be done.
There is money enough; there is patiiotism
enough; but there has been—I am sorry to say
it, but it is true—there has been gradually a weak-
ening of the faith of the people in the earnestness
of purpose, m the unity, in the energy, and in the
enthusiasm of the Administration. To prove it,
I need only recall to your minds the fact that every
movement which has been made from the time that
Sumter was bombarded up to this day has been
pressed forward by an iriesistible current of pub-
lic .sentiment. The Govornmenthave always been
behind the people; 1 think that they are just wak-
ing up now to the fact that it is necessary to go
a little faster. I say nothing about any particular
movement. I do not say in a bad direction a move-
ment should be made; but 1 want something done
to convince tiie people that the Administration is
in earnest, and has a definite plan which it is to
work out; and that there will be no pause in then-
action until this rebellion iscrushcd; that they will
do this in the quickest, the surest, and the cheap-
est way.
I have said that the necessity for this measure
has been asserted but not proved. Of course I
speak with no disrespect of the speeches which
have been made upon this floor; but I have failed
to hear any argument that it is necessary. 1 know
perfectly well that the Secretary of the Treasury
thinks that it is necessary, and I have the utmost
confidence in his ability and zeal. I think he is
