2646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jirne 10,
discharged bis duties faithfully. At any rate, the
Attorney General complimented him for the effi-
ciency with which he discharged his duties in
California.
'Mr. Speaker, I cannot advocate the passage of
this bill. By a recurrence to the act organizing
the commission, it will be found that whenever
there was a final adjudication against a claimant,
the law itself declared that the land alleged to
have been granted to the claimant should be treated
as part of the public domain.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I would say to
the gentleman that the law did not establish any-
thing of the kind. If it had, this commission
never would lmve been sent, which assumed to
decide only as1 between the Government and in-
dividuals. Why, in the very case to which the
gentleman refers there were two claimants.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 am not refer-
ring to special cases. But the gentleman alludes,
I presume, to theLimantour claim, near San Fran-
cisco, in which the seal of the Mexican Govern-
ment was found to have been forged, and paper
authorized to be used for one year was used for
another bv a mistake of the forger. By the act
to which I have referred all claimants were re-
quired to file their claims within two years, and
in case of an adverse decision, the lands claimed
were to be treated as part of the public domain.
Do either of the gentlemen from California join
issue with me upon that point? No; not at all.
That is all that I asserted. I am not dealing with
this claim or that.
Now, what views has the gentleman in refer-
ence to the disposal of the public lands, beyond
the provisions of the preemption law? The man
who enters on the public lands, and complies
with the preemption laws, has an inchoate title;
and so far as the laws of the State of California
und of all the land States are concerned, the
receiver's receipt is considered as good evidence
in court as the production of the patent itself.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether a different system was not ap-
plied, to some extent, to his own State, and
whether it has not had the benefit of a legislation
similar to that now asked for California—differing
only a little in detail?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let me say to
the gentleman from California that the lands in
Missouri, which were claimed undergrants, were
divided into three several classes by the com-
missioners. One class was that of rejected claims.
Another class was that wherein the parties had
not complied fully with the terms of the law, and
which were favorably recommended to Congress.
And the third was the class in which the terms
of the Spanish law had been fully complied with.
There is no reason why this legislation should be
made, after decisions of the courts of the United
States adverse to these claims, and after these
lands had been subject to preemption, like other
public lands, and where settlers have now in-
choate titles. The passage of this bill would di-
vest them of their titles. Have we not also at
this session of Congress passed ahomestead law ?
The passage of that law is known in the State of
California, and men have gone on these public
lands, claiming the benefits of the homestead bill.
And yet, by the passage of this bill, you would
divest these bona fide settlers of their inchoate
titles thus acquired; and all this for the benefit of
persons claiming under forged titles from the Gov-
ernment of Mexico. I cannot sanction this bill,
and have arisen to express my opposition to it in
the remarks that I have just submitted. I had no
intention of debating the bill at length.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It seems to
me, Mr. Speaker, that this matter can be arranged
equitably, and without any great controversy.
As Iunuerstnnd, these lands were, at the time of
making the treaty, in the military occupation of
the Government of the United States under the
right of conquest. The Government of the Uni-
ted States having this territory by conquest and
military occupation, recognized, as all Christian
and civilized nations do, the law of nations which
exempts private property from confiscation or
unnecessary destruction by the enemy. 1 be"
leave to call the attention of the House to two
provisions of the treaty in which this principle is
recognized. Article eight provides that Mexicans
established in territories previously belonging to
Mexico, and who remain within the limits of the
United States, shall be free to continue where
they reside, or to remove at any time into Mex-
ico, retaining the property which they possess in
the said territory, or disposing thereof and re-
moving the proceeds wherever they please, with-
out being subject on that account to any contri-
bution, tax, or charge whatever.
Another provision of that treaty is, that in such
territory property of every kind belonging to
Mexicans not established there shall be inviola-
bly respected. The owners, the heirs of them,
and all Mexicans who may hereafter acquire such
property by contract, shall enjoy, with respect to
it, guarantees equally ample as if the same be-
longed to citizens of the United States.
In the adjustment of this matter with Mexico
we recognized the familiar, well-settled law of
nations on this subject—and that is, that even in
cases of absolute conquest, the title to private
property, real or personal, which was not used in
the war, is not affected. By force of that treaty,
we did, however, obtain title to all the lands that
were not the subject of previous grants. They
vested in the United States as owner. But in
reference to all those lands which had been the sub-
ject of grants, we religiously respected the titles.
We appointed a commission for the purpose of
adjusting those questions of title. 'Shis bill, as I
understand, for its purposes, recognizes as valid
the titles confirmed by the commission. That,
I understand, is the basis of it.
Now, it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the prin-
ciple of the preemption laws does not apply to
those cases at all. The bill would be fair and just
where th ese two elements occur—first, where there
was a purchase made bona fide, and second, where
the claimant has been in the actual occupation of
the lands. In such case the claimant should have
the lands at their fair value at the time he made
the purchase and entered into occupation. If he
gets the lund on these terms he has no right to com-
plain. The Government of the United States, I
suppose, does not desire to avail itself of a legal
title as againstafairandequitable title in the party
who purchased and has occupied, believingingood
faith that the grant was valid.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The principle
contended for by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is found in the treaty between the United
States and France, in the purclfase of the Louis-
iana territory. But the point which I make is that
after a decision had been made, after the court had
decided that there was no valid grant by Mexico,
the public lands in California became subject to
the laws regulating all other public lands. There-
fore they may be entered under the preemption
laws of the United States. They are now subject
to be entered upon by those who may claim the
benefits of the homestead law. And yet under
this bill it is proposed to divest those persons of
the titles thus acquired. ■ I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill on the
table. I think wo have been occupied enough this
session with speculators about Washington. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ofdered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Babbitt,
Baily, Baker, Beaman, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, William G.
Brown, Calvert, Campbell, Casey, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling,RoscoeConIiling,Corning, Edgerton, EIy,Fonke,
Goodwin, Ilaight, Hale, Hanehett, Hariison, Ilorton,
Outchms, Johnson, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Kunpp.
Law, Lazear, Lehman, Lonmis, Lovejoy, McKmght, Me-
Pllerson, Maynanl, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill,
Nixon, Norton, Pendleton, Pertv, John S. Phelps, Tike,
Porter, Price, John U. itice, Itiddle. Robinson, Edward H.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shellahar-
gcr, Slnel, Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Suatton, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Vnllandigham, Verree, Vibbard, Vooihees, Wadsworth,
Walton, Washburne, Webster, Whaley, Alberts. White,
Chilton A. While, Wickliffe, Woodruff, and Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Fimcits P. Blair, Blake,
Geoige II. Browne, llntl'mron, Obamberlin, Clements,
Cobb, Dawes, Delano, Buell, Edwards, Eliot, Franehot,
Frank, Gooch, Granger, IloJman, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W Kellogg, Lansing, Low,Morris, Noble, Noell,Timothy
G. Phelps, Pomeioy, Alexander H. Ilice, Sargent, Sloan,
Smith, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Van Valkenburgh,
Wallace, Wilson, WTindoin, aiid Wood—40.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the roll-cal),
Mr. WALTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Baxter, had been called home by sickness in
his family.
Mr. MALLORY (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back House joint
resolution No. 68, authorizing the payment of
certain moneys heretofore appropriated for the
completion of the Washington aqueduct, with an
amendment of the Senate thereto, in which he
was directed to aslc the concurrence of the House.
The amendment was to strike out " $4,681 37,"
and to insert in lieu thereof " $5,606 60."
The amendment was concurred in.
WEST POINT GERMAN PltOFESSOR.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the same com-
mittee, reported a joint resolution establishing a
professorship of the German language in the West
Point Academy; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was ordered to beengrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I believe we now
have two professorships of modern languages at
the West Point Academy—one of the French and
the other of the Spanish language—and I see no
necessity now for establishing a professorship of
the German language. We established a profes-
sorship of French because that is the traveling
language of Europe It is spoken by most of the
foreigners who are notable to speak English. We
established a professorship of Spanish because
of our contiguity to nations which speak that
language, and because, in the ordinary course of
events, it might be necessary for our military men,
in their intercourse with those nations, to under-
stand theSpanish language. It wasdeemed desira-
ble, also, in reference to the acquisitions of ter-
ritory which were more or less in contemplation,
such as Cuba, and perhaps a portion of Mexico.
Again, officers of our Army are stationed in
New Mexico, and are stationed on the frontier of
Mexico, where theyare inimmediate contact with
the people of that country and with the people of
New Mexico, where Spanish is the language com-
monly spoken. To enable them properly to dis-
charge tiieir duties, therefore, it was thought ad-
visable to establish a professorship of Spanish in
the West Point Academy. I was in favor of it
at the time for the reasons I have given.
But, sir, what reasons exist at this time for es-
tablishing a professorship of German? Do the
reasons exist which existed for the establishment
of the professorships already established of the
modern languages in that institution? Nobody
will pretend that.
It may be said this professorship is needed be-
cause there are a large number of Germans in the
Army of the United States who speak the Eng-
lish language imperfectly, or who are not able to
speak it at all; but I ask whether it would not be
far better for the States in which these Germans
reside to provide for their education in the English
language, than for us to pander to their prejudice
by the establishment of a German professorship
at the West Point Academy.
I see that the bill is to pass notwithstanding any
objections I may urge; but, sir, seeing no neces-
sity for the establishment of such a professorship,
I have in these few words, expressed ray disap-
proval of it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am notable to see
that the objection made by the gentleman from
Missouri to this resolution is -well founded. If
there is any ground for introducing the instruc-
tion of any modern language into the Military
Academy at West Point, I regard the German
language of as much importance as any other,
certainly as much so as the French; and the fact
that we expect to acquire countries in which the
Spanish language is spoken, is not by any means
so desirable an acquisition as the one already
