1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2647:
made of the Germans who are incorporatedamong
our own people.
Now, it is a fact, which has already been men-
tioned, that the Germans constitute one third of
our entire Army in the field; and in advocating
this measure I am not pandering to their preju-
dices any more than the gentleman pandered! to
the prejudices of the Spanish when he advocated
the instruction in the West Point Academy of the
Spanish language, or more than those who voted
for instruction in the French language pandered
to the prejudices of the French people. We have
a Iaigc number of Germans in our country who
are among its bestcitizens, who pay taxes for the
support of its institutions, who are fighting its
battles, who are among the most loyal of our peo-
ple, and we owe them some consideration. But
in itself it is one of the richest written and spoken
languages in the world. It isa study with which
every student in the Military Academy ought to
be familiar.
But, sir, I do not intend to argue this point at
great length. I think it is transparent that this
language ought to be taught in our institutions.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr, Johnson]
suggests a better word than " transparent," which
I accept, although it comes from so questionable
a source. [Laughter.] If I understood the Ger-
man language, I might entertain the House at
large, as well as the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
better than I do.
Now, sir, knowing the tendency there is in the
House to run .these little matters into a lengthy
debate, with these remarks I will not take up
further time, but move the previous question.
Mr. McPHERSON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that demand.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think sufficient
time has been taken up with this matter.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF WESTEtlN GUNBOAT FLEET.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to transfer the
western gunboat fleet from the War Department
to the Navy Department; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It provides for the transfer
of the western gunboat fleet from the War to the
Navy Department, and requires the expenses of
the fleet hereafter to be charged to the Navy De-
partment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, u was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY, ETC., OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back Senate bill
No. 175, to define the pay and emoluments of
certain officers of the Arm.y, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments; which were taken up
for consideration.
First amendment:
Page 1, line three, btrtke out as follows: "That officers
of Uu> Aimy to whom brevet commissions shall hereafter
be r*ivcn shall not be entitled to any increase of pay or emol-
uments becaiuc ol the exerciseot command according lo
then bie\ et lank."
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Strike outthe enactingclause of the second section, mak-
ing it read as section one, as follows : " That officers of the
Annj entitled to forage for horse* shall not be allowed to
commute it, but may draw forage m kind for each house
actually kept by ihcm, when and at the place where they
are on duty, not exceeding the number authorized bylaw."
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Add at the end of section one, as follows: «Provided,
however. That when foiage m kind cannot be furnished hv
the pi opei department, then, and in all such eases, officers
entitled to loiatje &Uail be entitled to commute the same
according to exfcung regulations."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to amend, by
adding as follows:
And provided further, That officers of the Army and vol-
unteers assigned to duty which requires them to be mounted,
shall, during the time they arc employed oil such duty, re-
ceive the pay, emoluments, and allowance of cavalry offi-
ceis of the Bame grade respectively.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Stnke out the sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 6. J2nd be it further enacted, That so much of the
aforesaid act, approved *22d Julv, 1861, as authorizes each
regimentof volunteers in the United States service to have
twenty four musicians for a band, and fixe? the compensa-
tion of the leader of the band, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; and such bands shall be mustered out of the ser-
vice within thirty days after the passage of this act.
Mr. McPHERSON. Here is a great reform,
one which will save a large sum of money to the
Government, and which it will do without in any
instance resulting in an injury to the public inter-
est. I say that it is a reform that it is exceed-
ingly desirable should be carried out. In July
last in organizing our volunteer forces we allowed
each regiment to have a band to consist of twenty-
four musicians, one fourth to be paid according
to one schedule, and the rest according to another.
Under the operation of that bill, every regiment
was organized with a full band, at an aggregate
expense of some four or five millions of dollars.
The Senate now propose to muster out of service
all regimental bands, and to create one band for
each brigade out of them. It is a great reform.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Let me call the at-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the
next section, section seven of the bill. The gen-
tleman will find that it admits of one band to each
regiment, to consist of sixteen pieccs instead of
twenty-four.
Mr. McPHERSON. What is the meaning of
the word brigade ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. We liave stricken
out the word " brigade," and in lieu of it inserted
the word " regiment."
Mr. McPHERSON. That is just exactly what
I object to. The Senate bill proposes to muster
out of service all bauds belonging to regiments,
and out of them to create one band for each brig-
ade. It also provides for a reduction of the num-
bers of each band from twenty-four, which is the
present number, to sixteen. Instead of twenty-
four musicians for each regiment, the Senate bill
provides for only sixteen for each brigade. I un-
derstand that the Senate provision is a compio-
rnise between two classes. One class insisted that
the bands should all bo mustered out of service,
only leaving to each regiment a single drum corps;
and the. other class being in favor of retaining
the law of July last, which provided a band for
each regiment. In order to reconcile those in-
terests, and not to overthrow the entire system
adopted in July last, the Senate struck a medium
course, and provided that the regimental bands
should be mustered out of service, and that in heu
of them a band should be created for each brig-
ade. A brigade consists of four regiments. As
the law now stands, one band is allowed for each
regiment, to consist of twenty-four pieces, so that
there would be ninety-six musicians in each brig-
ade. It is nOw proposed to only allow one band
of sixteen pieces to each brigade, so that there will
be a saving to the Government of five sixths of
the present expenditure.
Now, Mr. Speaker, during the last session of
CongressI had occasion very carefully tolook into
this whole matter, and during the debate which
then occurred, I expiesscd myself very freely
against the enormous expense which we are now
put to for the purpose of keeping up these regi-
mental bands. 1 have received since then quite
a number of petitions on the subject. I have re-
ceived a number of applications from regimental
bands asking to be mustered out of the service,
but their prayers could not be granted for the rea-
son that the law authorized each regiment to have
a band. The War Department would not exer-
cise arbitrarily the power to discharge them ex-
cept by consent of the colonel of the regiment and
the brigadier general commanding the brigade.
And let me say, that of all the instances which
came under my notice there was but one colonel
who was willing to have lus band mustered out
of the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. In fact, have not a great many
of these bands been dismissed from the service
on the application of the colonel or brigadier gen-
eral or other person having competent authority?
I know that such has been the case in some of our
armies.
Mr. McPHERSON. I only know of one in-
stance, as I have said, where the colonel of a
regiment was willing to discharge his regimental
band. He is a colonel from my own State, in
the army of the Mississippi, and who distin-
guished himself at the battle of Shiloh. He
believed that this matter of a regimental band was
entirely a fancy arrangement, and of his own vo-
lition he discharged the band which was attached
to his regiment. He was unwilling that the Gov-
ernment should be put to that unnecessary ex-
pense, so far as he was concerned.
A Member. What is his name ?
Mr. McPHERSON. Fredericks Stumbaugh,
of the seventy-seventh regiment of Pennsylvania.
I remember that applications were made in the
army of the Potomac looking toa similar saving
of expense to the Government, but in no. single
instance did the colonel of a regiment consent to
the discharge of his regimental band. I suppose
that I was noticed in reference to these applica-
tions, because of the interest which I took in the
matter at the extra session of the present Con-
Mr. FOUKE. I agree entirely with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania in what he has said in
reference to these regimental bands, and I rise for
the purpose of saying that more than the Penn-
sylvania band which he refers to has been mus-
tered out of the service at the solicitation of the
colonel in command. My own regimental band
was mustered out of service by General Halleclt
at my own solicitation, before I left the Army.
It is merely a fancy arrangement, as the gentle-
man has said, which wc lenow in the aggregate
costs thcGovernmentsome six millions of dollars.
The soldiers want nothing more than the drum
and fife. These regimental bands are notable to
go into actual service with their regiments. Those
who know anything at all about the matter, are
fully satisfied, I think, that these regimental lands
are of no real practical service and ought to be
generally discharged.
Mr. McPHERSON. I have no desire to detain
the House with many words about this subject.
I had occasion to look into it, and from my inves-
tigation I am fully satisfied that these regimental
bands are wholly unnecessary. They certainly
do not pay for the money they cost the Govern-
ment. From my association with men connpris-
ing these bands, it was mostly their desire to
be mustered out of the service, for they felt that
they were but little value, and they wished, like
honest men, to be discharged, in order that they
might serve the Government in some other more
useful capacity. I think that the Senate bill makes
abundant provision for these bands. I do not
think, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, that
the regiments of a brigade are ever separated from
each other; and if it be necessary for the welfare
of the soldiers to have music in the camps, that
object will be as well accomplished by having one
band for each brigade as having one band for each
regiment. I hope, therefore, that the House will
not strike out this section from the Senate bill,
which the Committee of Ways and Means has
recommended should be stricken out. Let us save
this vast expense to the Government, especially
as I have shown that it can be done without any
detriment to the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with my colleague
in everything that he has said 011 this subject. I
think that the section should be retained in the
bill, and there arc one or two reasons which have
not'yet been assigned which I think ought to go
very far to induce the House to vote down the
motion to strike out. In very many instances an
arrangement was entered into by the soldiers by
which they contributed a portion of their pay each
month for the support of regimental bands. Since
the regiments have been organized and gone into
the service, the soldiers have got to believe that
these contributions were very burdensome. There
is one regiment which 1 have in my mind. Mem-
bers of that regiment have mentioned to me that
they conceived that these regimental bands were
equally a burden to them and to the Government,
and that they did not wish longer to contribute
to their support. Members of the band them-
