1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anee upon his tongue, what consolation would
have come to those to him most near and dear.
How would he have cxclaimcd:
" 0 death, where is tliv sting?
0 grave, where is thy victory?"
But it was not the will of Him who ruled that
hour that they should be thus consoled. The same
Providcnce that softened his dying pillow will
soften theirs. They must learn to look to Him.
And thus did Cooper die. In the beautiful vil-
lage bearing his family name, in the house where
he was born and where his father had lived and
died. And now his remains repose in the old
churchyard with those of his fathers, near the
sacred spot where he and they were taught how
to live and how to die; that spot where the elder
Muhlenberg" preached his first sermons a hundred
years ago. How replete with instruction, reflec-
tion, and admonition !
Thomas B. Cooper was born December 29,
18*23. His father died while he was quite young.
Having' been fortunate in the appointment of his
guardian, he was at an early age kept steadily at
school, and afterwaids entered upon a course of
regular studies in the PonnsylvaniaCollcgo at Get-
tysburg. Upon his return home he became a stu-
dent of medicine with his guardian, Dr. F. A.
Martin, and subsequently attended medical lec-
tures at the University of Pennsylvania in Phila-
delphia, and graduated in the spring of 1843. He
immediately repaired to his home, and entered
upon the practice of the profession of his choice
in the beautiful valley of the Saucon. Being stu-
dious, industrious, persevering, ingenious, and
devotedly fond of his profession, and being also
of a fine genial and social disposition, he soon ob-
tained a large, onerous, and, although a rural, yet
a lucrative practice.
For seventeen years he had rode by night and
by day, whenever and wherever called, to visit
and relieve the sufferings of the sick and afflicted,
regardless of (he storm, the wet, or the cold, when
he determined to curtail his practice, and with-
draw ftom the more onerous duties of his profes-
sion. But no sooner was this determination made
known, than a generous and confiding community
began to cast about for some post of honor which
they desired lie should fill. The great presidential
campaign of I860 was just opening, the principles
imolved were being discussed; those of his sec-
tion who agreed with him in politics admired his
firmness and decisive character. They soon dis-
covered that the characteristics, the energy, per-
severance, discrimination, and firmness necessary
for a ^ood physician, were also necessary for a
a good politician and a faithful Representative.
The congressional district was composed of the
counties ofXehigh and Bucks, and, so far as the
Democrats were concerned, it was conceded that
the nomination belonged to Lehigh county. Dr.
Cooper was nominated. His opponent was Hon.
Henry C. Longnecker, who had carried the dis-
trict two years before by a small majority. The
district was close and the contest sharp, but the
result gave the election to Dr. Cooper by a small
majority. On the 4th day of July last he appeared
in this House in response to the call of the Presi-
dent, and, being qualified, took his seat as a Rep-
resentative in Congress from the seventh district
of Pennsylvania. From that time forward his
official acts have gone upon the record of our
proceedings here, and been the subject of public
criticism.
It is not my purpose, nor would it be proper
in me at this time, to undertake to discuss the
propriety of those acts. I trust, however, that I
will be pardoned for saying that, in my judgment,
they need neither justification nor vindication at
my hands. Most of them relate to new issues
that have grown and wore growing out of the un-
fortunate disturbances existing in the countiy.
Dr. Cooper was my most intimate friend and
associate. During the called session we were to-
gether every day, and at the commencement ol the
present session our relations and associations were
renewed and continued until the progress of his
disease rendered his retirement necessary about
the middle of February last. His disease had so
bioken his voice that he was wholly unable to ex-
press his sentiments on the floor of this House,
and indeed conversation was so painful to him that
lie was compelled to avoid company, and therefore
lie made but few acquaintances. But with his as-
sociates, when he felt like talking, he spoke freely,
nnd no man was more devotedly attached to the
Constitution and the Union of the States under it
than he. No man felt more pain and sorrow at
the situation of our national affairs than he. There
was no sacrifice so great that he would not most
cheerfully have made for the sake of restoring
peace and order and happiness to the country.
He may have hesitated and doubted as to the
remedies proposed, and in his judgment he may
have erred, but whatever his head may have done
or failed to do, one thing is certain, his heart was
always right.
Neither the railings of a partisan press nor the
taunts of political opponents could swerve or
deter him from the performance of such official
duty as conscience told him he ought to do, nor
could such influences compel him to the perform-
ance of what conscience taught him ought not to
be done. He was a man of most kind and gen-
erous impulses, firmly and warmly attached to his
family, friends, and acquaintances. He was not
vindictive. And these qualities combined to ren-
der him a most faithful Representative of the honor
and interests of his whole district and the great
mass of his constituents.
The possession of these faculties freed him from
many of the annoyances of public life, by ward-
ing off the poisoned darts of the malicious and
mercenary. He never met trouble half way nor
brooded over the past. So that, although he suf-
fered greatly from bodily disease, his mind was
eompaiatively free from tiouble,and this was pe-
culiarly exhibited in the last hour of his life. How
truly is it said that—
" One self-approving hour whole jears outweighs
Ot stupid slaters aiul of loud huzzas."
Dr. Cooper was not a great man in the common
acceptation of the term. His career as a public
man was brief; indeed, his public life had just
begun. But if greatness consists in goodness and
excellence—in the accomplishment of" noble ends
by noble means"—then hewns not without claim
to that kind of greatness which made Socrates
44 great indeed."
Theie was no display, no pageantry, no self-
pride or vain gloi y in his composition. But there
was something in his life and ehaiacter that fixed
and riveted to him the affections and confidence
of all who knew him, while he lived, and that
gathered together in his funeral cortege one vast
assemblage of sorrow-stricken mourners. By
these his many acts of friendship will long be
cherished and his many virtues long remembered.
Many years will have rolled round eie his old
neighbors and friends will cease to visit his tomb,
and there, with unaffected sorrow, drop a tear in
memory of him who died so young.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That from a sincere desire of showing every
mark of ic-pcctto the memory of Hon. Thomas B. Coopfr,
deceased, late a member of tins Home from Pennsvlvama,
the members will go into mourning by wearing crape on the
left arm foi thirty (lavs.
Resolved) That as an additional mark of respect for the
memoiv of the deceased, the House do now adjourn.
Resoiced/Vha-t the Clerk communicate thebe resolutions
to the Senate.
Mr. KILLINGER. Mr. Speaker, our lament-
ed colleague has passed beyond the reach of praise
or censure. His record has been made up; at roll-
call his voice will be mute forever. In the few
remarks which I shall make, I design neither to
recount his virtues nor to extenuate his foibles.
1 wish only, if it be possible, in the hurry of our
pressing business, to engage the attention of my
fellow-members, while I endeavor to deduce a
moral from his short public career, and lamented
death.
Dr. Cooper, unlike most of us who occupy
places here, has left behind him no_ public career
of any importance, in the sense in which that
turn is undeistood among public men. To him,
a scat in Congiess was not the end of a long po-
litical struggle, the result of management or toil.
Usually, the Congress of the United States is the
highest attainment of political effort, and he is
thought entirely successful in his political aspira-
tions who has climbed this dizzy height. In the
case of our lamented friend, this statement of fact
does not hold good. He was neither a politician,
skilled in the cunning of intrigue, nor a states-
man, learned in the science of government. His
well-spent life was occupied with his profession,
and his highest ambition was realized in the per-
formance of.the duties devolved upor^him in his
humble home and comparatively narrow circle
of relatives and friends. There he was the suc-
cessful physician, the devoted husband, the affec-
tionate parent, the public-spirited citizen,, the
people's friend. All his years were spent in his
native county of Lehigh, and there his name was
a household word, loved and rcrspeeted of $11
men. He came into the Thirty-Seventh Congress
without effort or solicitation on his part, and the
least that can be said of him, while here, is that
he was a fit and true Representative of his staid
and steady German constituency—loyal and up-
right, fearless, and inflexibly devoted to his sense
of duty.
U required but a brief service in the national
capital to make manifest to him, who was free
from all the contaminations of public life, the
utter vanity and hollowness of his new position.
Never in public station before, he had only come
to the performance of public trust from a sense of
duty. He soon realized the fact, to the knowl-
edge of which most of us have come, that thorns
and thistles grow luxuriantly where he had ex-
pected only to pluck fragrant flowers. The tur-
moil of our experience here was in marked con-
trast with the comfort and quiet of his happy
home. Unaffected in his manners, and unobtru-
sive in his habits, he was loth to condescend to
the devious and dubious paths which it is some-
times necessary to tread here, if one wishes to
elbow his way to prominence and distinction. He
felt, as wo all do at times, that public life is the
most illusory of substances—the most unsatisfy-
ing of desires. He remained, however, athis post,
steady in the discharge of all his public duties,
until disease and wasting sickness laid heavy
hands upon his enfeebled frame, and admonished
him of his approaching dissolution. Then he re-
tired from the capital to the bosom of his family,
and, comforted by the accepted assurances of our
most holy faith, he closed his eyes peacefully in
death.
Had you stood at his open grave, and witnessed
the t hrong of thousands o( his friends and neighbors
who came from far and near to pay the last mark
of respect to their deceased Representative—had
you observed the profound impression which the
recollection of his blameless life and many virtues
left upon an entire community, you would have
concluded that there was something to live for be-
yond the attainment of political position. You
would have realized that it is not all of life to live,
nor all of death to die. Such a home as Dr. Cooper
possessed, and to which he retired when the last
summons sounded, is heaven on earth. Peace em-
braces such a household with outspread wings;no
dissimulation with forked tongue, nor the venom
of slander, poisons the well-springs of its felicity.
Surrounded by the friends of his youth, his ma-
ture r years, and the associations of a local history,
of which he and his ancestors formed no mean
part, our lamented friend was more contented in
the faithful discharge of the duties of his calling,
than when afterwards he assumed congressional
honors and vexed his mind with cares of state.
His praises, it is true, are not sounded in the
senate-house, and his name is only honored here
to-day in pursuance of the common usage. His
burial was unattended by courtly ceremonies, and
no high-flown panegyric was pronounced over his
iemains, in " flowing numbers or stately prose."
But the solid symmetry of his character, and the
excellence of Ins example, are none the less dear
to his friends. They are honored for their in-
trinsic worth, and are embalmed in the fond recol-
lections of his kindred In the valley of the Le-
high his name will be cherished with profound
respect, when more pretentious public men have
passed, meteor-like, from recollection^ A life so
eminent of usefulness in its active duties, and so
exemplary in all its relations, public and private,
cannot die without leaving behind the perfume of
a high example and a noble incentive, although
its subject has not filled the sounding trump of
fame.
We who survive the deceased, and who for a
brief hour continue to strut upon this our public
stage, find it hard to stop and think—to realize
that we, too, arc mortal, and that our hearts,
"Likemuffled drums, are heating
Funeral matches to the grave."
We imagine we are laying up a store of reputa-
tion by our vain repetitions from day to day, and
