1862.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Babbitt.
Ho. of Reps.
The contest in whieh we are engaged is a ter-
rible and bloody war,'Which requires the use of
every means at our command, and this among the
rest, as a controlling military necessity. The hot
season is even now upon us, the summer solstice
rapidly approaches. Is there no'danger in this?
There is imminent peril! We should garrison our
southern forts and military stations with blacks
without delay. The peril of exposing our brave
armies to the deadly malaria of southern swamps
is appalling. Think of the devastation of the yel-
low fever or cholera ! Even now rebel traitors arc
gloating with infernal glee over the by them an-
ticipated sickening and dying of tens of thousands
of our brave northern soldiers from the malign
influence of the southern climate.
It is objected that, in all the regions beyond our
actual military possession, the slaves would, by
their rebel masters, be prevented from leaving
them or joining us, and thus the measure be ren-
dered of no effcct. I answer that the slaves, con-
stituting near half the entire population of the cot-
ton States, and being informed, as they soon would
be—for no surveillance could keep it from them—
that under the stars and stripes they would cer-
tainly find freedom—the great absorbing desire of
their souls—it would require the attention of all
the armies of ail rebeldom to prevent the exodus of
its slaves, and thus leave to them no time to fight
against the Union. Or, if they should still attempt
to fight, each soldier would have to hold a negro
by the throat with one hand while fighting against
the Union with the other. Only adopt the meas-
ure in earnest, and the slaves will come in flocks
to our side. Nothing can prevent them. And it
would be equally as clfective in extinguishing the
rebellion as would be the magic power in us of
causing the teams, provisions, and munitions of
war of the enemy, to leave them and come to us
of their own volition. It would be Aladdin \s lamp
in our hands. It would work like magic m over-
whelming the lebel oligarchy; and the loss would
fall mainly, if not wholly, on the rebel leaders—
for in the cotton States they are the slave own-
ers. Why it is that wc should persist in keeping
loyal slaves subject to disloyal masters, to our
own great and incalculable injury, surpasses my
com prehension.
N But now, Mr. Speaker, let us consider what
the prospect is of speedily exterminating this
great and dangerous rebellion without a resott
to the measure indicated. 1 know the indomita-
ble bravery of our soldiers. I know they have
strong arms and willing hearts, and probably
would ultimately accomplish the object. But
how long will it take ? And what untold millions
is it yet to cost us? How much morn of the
blood of our best men is to be poured out like
water? How many more loving hearts to bo
wrung witii inconsolable guet, in ord'T that wc
may keep our fuends in the service of our ene-
mies? Sir, I would rather bankrupt and beggar
every bloody-minded traitor in the seceded States,
than have the blood of one more brave loyal citi-
zen unnecessarily shed.
But lotus see what means of prolonging this
bloody war will be left to the traitors if we are
weak enough to protect them in the use of then-
slaves for that purpose. Passing Virginia and
Tennessee, as being nearly reconquered, we find
the rebellion still rampant in Alabama, Arkansas,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
and South Cai olina, and Texas. Though we hold
possession of some important points, of limited
territorial extent, in several of those States, yet
all m them beyond our pickets is still m open
and defiant rebellion. These States contain a
population of nearly seven millions, and cover a
territorv about equal in extent to that of all the
loyal States. The region is exuberantly produc-
tive of provisions and all the raw material neces-
sary to the support of armed men. The march
of our armies over it may be greatly obstructed,
not alone by rebels inarms, but also by a topog-
raphy so abounding in woods, nivines, hills,
morasses, mountains, creeks, and rivers, and so
destitute of good roads and bridges, as to render
it peculiarly adapted to a system of guerrilla war-
fare and defense. When we advert to our revo-
lutionary history, and see that our fathers num-
bered but three millions—that England, greatly
excelling them in men and means, blockaded ail
our ports, had possession of most of our cities,
and marched her armies inland through most of
the States, and yet, after eight years of warfare,
was fain to withdraw from tho contest; and when
to this we add the danger of foreign interposition,
if the contest is not speedily closed, we may bet-
ter appreciate the danger incurred in refusing to
adoptthe proposed effective measure with prompt-
itude. It is well to reflect on what may be the
cost of rejecting it. The reducing to order of six
to seven millions of united rural people, occupy-
ing such extensive territory, and determined on
resistance to the last, is a very difficult matter.
History records few, if any, instances where it
has been effected; but it records no instance where,
if as effectually divided as it is perfectly m our
power to divide'the population of the southern
confederacy, it has not been a matter easily ac-
complished. Why should we persi*t in endeav-
oring to accomplish it in the most difficult way ?
We have thus persisted in it one whole year, and
the task is not accomplished. It has cost us about
one thousand millions of dollars, for most of
which we arc in debt. How much more indebt-
edness are wc willing to incur rather than to de-
prive rebels of the use of their slaves in carrying
on their wicked war for the overthrow of (he Gov-
ernment whose rule they had felt only m its bene-
fits and blessings, as the earth feels the dews of
heaven ?
And now a few words in regard to the bill con-
fiscating the property of those who have been lead-
ers in this rebellion, lam tn favor of its general
features. It may need some small modilieations.
It is eminently just to provide a fund from the
sale of the effects of those who have been the act-
ive instigators of this unholv war towaids the
payment of us expenses. Wherever they have
had the puwtn they have despoiled loyal men of
their property without meiey. 1 think a poition
of the fund thus raised should be appropriated to
reimbursing to loyal men the losses thus sustained.
The bill very propeily distinguishes between the
leaders in this rebellion and those whom they ha\ e
deceived; and proposes, in the first instance, to
confiscate the property of the leaders only. This
is lenient, and light. Tens of thousands have
taken pait in this rebellion because their lesnuet-
lve States commanded them to do so; and they
saw that the United States Government was in no
position to be able to protect them if they refused
to obey. Such should not be deprived of iheir
property, and will not be so deprived unless they
persist in their treason forsixty days after being,
by the President's proclamation, warned to desist.
But it is said those severe—i think them len-
ient—measures will exasperate the rebels, render
them more determined and malignant, and thus
piotract, instead of shortening, the war. To this
I suggest, for tho benefit of those to whom this
idea seems to be a stumbling-block, that as these
penalties only touch the leaders, it is only those
who would become thus more exaspetated and
malignant. These are the slaveholders, and per-
sons who; holding offices under the United States,
betrayed their trust, and deseited to the enemy,
and officers under the rebel government—perhaps
some four hundred and fifty thousand altogether
—being mostly slaveholders. These, deptived of
their slaves, could not do much harm, however
great their malignance might be. Besides, the idea
that those may become more malignant in their
hatred of the Union and Union men than they now
are, is supposing them to possess a capacity for
malevolence so ingh that no being but Satan has
ever leached it.
But it is objected to these bills, and all similar
ones, that they are violations of the Constitution.
Let it br. shown that this is so, and I will not sup-
port them. I, Mr. Speaker, stand by the Con-
stitution in us letter and its spirit, just as our
fathers made it and understood it. I have sworn
to support it, and will vote for no act, whatever
the supposed necessity, violative of its provisions.
We sit here, sir, and peiform valid acts of legis-
lation solely by virtue of the Constitution, it is
our warrant of attorney to act for and m behalf
of our constituents. Beyond it and without it wc
have no more power than any other congregation
of citizens convened of their own motion; and our
acts would be of no more binding obligation than
would those of such voluntary congregation, ex-
cept that there would be a presumption that Con-
gress, assuming to act in us official capacity, was
acting within the pale of its constitutional pow-
ers, till the contrary should clearly appear. The
existence of war, sir, cannot enlarge our consti-
tutional powers, though it may call into action
existing powers which but for the war would be
dormant. The same is equally true in regard to
the executive and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment. It is with regret that I sometimes hear
thrown out in this Hall the idea that the perils of
war may warrant the exorcise of unconstitutional
power; that the public safety is the supreme law.
Sir, there exists no legitimate power in arty de-
partmentof this Government but by virtue of tho
Constitution; and the public safety can be secured
only by the observance of its provisions, which
aie sufficiently ample for the purpose.
But 1 do not see anything in these bills that in-
fringes upon the Constitution. The only provis-
ion or clause in the Constitution which seems to
give even the color of plausibility to the assump-
tion of unconstitutionality is that which provides
" that no attainder of treason shall work corrup-
tion of blood, or forfeiture, except during the life
of the pet son attainted." IN ow, sir, to be attainted
of treason, in the sense intended in this clause, is
to be convicted theieof by a court and jury; the
pen ilty wheieof had ever been death. The framers
of the Constitution seem to have thought this a
sufficient penally, without the addition of absolute
forfeiture of estate. But as this bill proposes a
proceeding in rem against tho property of the rebel,
to which no personal penall y is attached, it comes
by no sound rule of construction within the pro-
hibition. And here lot me observe that if,asoon-
tended, the only way in which we can punish any
of the leadeis in this gieat and teirible treason is
through a conviction of treason by court and jury,
then they must, one and all, go forever unwhipped
of justice, because the Constitution provides that
the trial m such case shall he.by a jury of the State
and district within which the treason was com-
muted; where to expect to obtain a conviction
would be the very climax of absurdity. In nearly
all the districts where acts of treason have been
committed it would be impossible to impanel a
jury that would not contain pet.sons in complicity
with tuutots. In mostinstances ncaily the whole
panel would be of that stamp. Tho clause in the
Constitution which declares that" no person shall
be deprived of his property but by due process of
law," is relied on, but does not conflict with this
bill, the proceeding under which would be by due
process of law, just as are the proceedings in rem
against property forfeited by our revenue laws,
and vaiious other proceedings of like kind.
But I deem it waste of time, Mr. Speaker, to
examine and refute in detail all the critical objec-
tions which the opponents of these bills predicate
upon the Constitution; because they are ali based
upon the erroneous idea that the rebels can claim
for their property all the safeguards which the
Constitution has thrown around that of loyal cit-
izens. I deny that they have a right to interpose
any such claim any more than would the subject
of any foreign nation with which we might be at
war. How stands the case? We behold, sir,
some millions of men, having an organized gov-
ernment, ruling with absolute sway over a terri-
tory larger thlm that of two or three of the first-
class nations of Europe, having an army of sev-
eral hundred thousand men, claiming to be an
independent nation, denying all allegiance to the
Governmentand Constitution of the (Jnited States,
carrying on a fie ice and bloody war for the over-
throw of both. How is it, sir, that any man ac-
knowledging allegiance to this belligerent power,
and aiding in its unjust and wicked purposes, a
self-acknowledged subjcct of a governmental or-
ganization at war with this Union,can claim any
of the protections which our Constitution has so
beneficently thrown around the property of loyal
citizens who acknowledge its obligatory force on
themselves? I pronounce the chum as wholly un-
founded, and as contrary to the principles of na-
tional and municipal law as it is to the principles
of equity and common sense. The rebel claims
to be a subject of a republic called the confccjjrate
