1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
mistaken. At any rate, whether he is mistaken
or not, he has riot furnished us withproqf of the
correctness of his opinion. I think I can give some
reasons for my belief that he is mistaken, and un-
til reasons can be given that will overbear these,
I think that we ought to conclude that a necessity
does not exist for us to blight the fair fame of the
Government, to impair the public morals, and to
set afloat the ship of State in a fog on a sea of
bubbles where no human skill can direct or con-
trol it, and whore ruin is as inevitable as cause is
sure to precede effect. The proofs I offer are
these: there is no want of money; there is no want
of patriotism; there is only one little thing wanted
which, in the phrase of the old story, is " the
grand confidence." These gentlemen who hold
money want to be satisfied tint the Administra-
tion is in earnest, that it has able hands at the
helm, and that it will conduct the ship of State
judiciously, intelligently, wisely, and speedily to
the desired haven.
Has any gentleman here any doubt of the ability
of this country to furnish means to carry on this
war? Has anybody who is determined to vote
for the legal tender bill thought of the peculiar
application they are making of that old classic
maxim, " learn from your enemies?" We are
just following in the footsteps of the congress of
the confederate States. We are following them
with unequal steps, at an humble distance. They
have already gone through the same process that
we are now inaugurating. They have had some
experience in the southern confederacy in paper
circulation. It is now at forty per cent, discount,
payable in trade. You cannot buy a dollar of coin
for any reasonable amount of paper. And, sir,
we shall be beginning to go through the same ex-
perience, if we start in this career, that our fathers
did in the days of the Revolution, when $500 of
Continental money were paid for a breakfast, and
a poor one at that. I do not think that we shall
go to the same extreme, Mr. Chairman; for we
are richer than they were. We are not yet so
crazy in pursuing this career but what wo could
call a halt, and I think we should do so; and I
think we have wise and judicious men all over the
country who, if we did not do so, would putother
men in our places who could do it for them and
for us.
Mr. Chairman, confidence is all that we want,
and I think we are going to have it. I am of a
hopeful temperament, and have abundant faith in
some of the Departments of the Government, and
especially now in the War Department. I could
not have said this a little while ago. I wish to say
one thing more. I know my friends will take it
kindly, because I say it from the kindest motives.
I think that ive have a mission to fulfill in this
work of reestablishing the public credit. I think
there ought not to be one word uttered in this
House until this rebellion is put down, except
something that tends to that result. I think we
ought to carry out in thought, word, and deed the
spirit of the resolutions of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] that wore passed
here last July; and that all side issues, and that
all speeches made to minister to a sentiment that
has sufficient vitality to stand in full vigor until
we have put down this rebellion, should, be laid
aside for the time being; and that we should put
our hands to the work and help the Admimstia-
tion to recover the hold winch it has lost upon the
public confidcnce, and which we in this House
have contributed, as I think, somewhat to weaken.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the era of oracular
utterances of something that is to be done pretty
soon is past. I think the time for mysterious ut-
terances about a movement that is in the wind, or
is seen somewhere, or heard, or whispered, and
that gave a little hope for the time, is passed by.
I do not think that the Secretary of the Treasury,
when he goes to New York, will say that there
is to be a great movement about such and such a
time, and really inspire the bankers with a hope
that the good time is coming within fifteen days;
but I think that there will be something actually
done, and that faith and hope will be fruition
The people, I think, want action—action in the
House, in the Administration, in the military de-
partment of the Government. How and when and
the mode, I say nothing about, but tnere must be
action everywhere. The people will then become
inspired with the belief that this rebellion will
be put down before next harvest, and they will
pour out their money like water; but if you pur-
sue the opposite policy, no matter how ready they
may be to furnish the means, you will have de-
prived the Government of the power of regaining
the ground they have lost, and again standing by
the old,safe ways,duringyour lifetime and mine.
I say, then, that action in Congress, in the Ad-
ministration, and in the military department will
produce this confidence. The people will see it,
and they will open their purses, the sinews of war
will be furnished, and this blight upon our fair
fame will be avoided.
Mr. Chairman, I thank the committee for list-
ening to me so long. You know that I am un-
accustomed to speaking in the House, and my
remarks of course have been very desultory. But
I wish to impress upon the committee that these
opinions of mine are not merely opinions super-
induced by a hopeful temperament. I have, ac-
cording to the best of my knowledge, examined
this whole question in all its bearings, and I am
willing to take the responsibility of voting against
this legal tender clause of the bill, for the reasons
that I have given, and for divers and sundry rea-
sons which 1 have not given. I ask the commit-
tee to pause before they take a step which once
taken will be irrevocable. When you have once
broken the pitcher it never becomes whole again;
and this fair fabric of our untarnished faith and
unbounded wealth and credit ought not to be de-
stroyed, simply because our leaders—men that
we have faith in—have become alarmed, and have
told us that there is a necessity for it. When there
is danger, Mr. Chairman, then is the time to be
cool and look about you, and to see that you take
no false step. Now is that time, and if you take
this step, it is a step downwards, and you will
find that to regain the high eminence from which
we shall have descended is a labor very difficult
to accomplish.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr. SPAULDING. I ask the gentlemen to give
way to me for a few moments, and then I will
move that the committee rise.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. SPAULDING. I wish to make one state-
ment in reference to the condition of the Treasury
which I presume all will be anxious to know before
we adjourn. The Secretary of the Treasury has yet
unexpended, of the loan of last July, $46,000,000.
He has a right to issue this sum in three and sixty-
five hundredths per cent, notes, or in seven and
three tenths per cent, notes; but he is unable to
put out either of ihese classes of paper without a
discount. He cannot pay out the seven and three
tenths per cent, notes without a discount of two
per cent., and he cannot pay out the three and
sixty-five one hundredths per cent, notes because
they will not be taken as cunency. This bill of
Mr. Moriui.l proposes simply to lepeat the au-
thonty to issue the same kind of notes, which
cannot be issued advantageously by the Secretary
of the Treasury at this time. 1 move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mallouy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state ot the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally u nder consideration, and particuhu I y House
bill No. 240, to authorize the issue of United States
notes, and for the redemption or funding theieof,
and I'm funding the floating debt of the United
States, and had come to no resolution thrrfon.
i'ACJi'lC RAILROAD AND TELLGRAl'II.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to aid in constructing a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missoun
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secwetothe
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the select committee
on the Pacific railroad, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN KAILUOAD.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee for the District
of Columbia a bill (H. R. No. 147) to incorporate
the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany; which was recommitted to the Committee
! for the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
PRINTING TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the con-
sent of the House that the sub-committee on the
tax bill may have the privilege of getting printed
the roush draft of that bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
a large amount of valuable statistical information
has been furnished to the Committee of Ways and
Means by the Census Department; and it seems
to me that it would be very acceptable to the
House, and very valuable to the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to have it printed
now, so that we may examine it before the bill
comes up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is the pur-
pose of the committee to present that information
at the proper time, and have it printed; but it will
take some time to have it arranged for printing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Ifsitisnotarrang?d,
of course it cannot be printed now.
The tax bill was ordered to bo printed.
TREASURY NOTES—CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that all debate on
House bill No. 240 be closed in one hour after its
consideration shall have been resumed in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the gentleman to modify his motion, so as to
make it read two hours.
Mr. SPAULDING. The exigencies of the
country are such that I cannot consent to do so,
unless the House so order it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the motion by striking out " one hour" and in-
serting ''two hours."
The amendment was adopted; and the motion
as amended was agreed to
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS WITH CANADA.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee on Com-
meice, made a report on the commercial relations
of the United States with the British North Ameri-
can Provinces; which was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPAULDING,
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 6, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. HOWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan in favor of the establish-
vnent of a light-house at the entrance of Black
Lake harbor, on Lake Michigan; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
He also piescntcd resolutions for a grant of land
for the construction of a road from Houghton, in
the State of Michigan, to the city of Appleton, in
the State of Wisconsin; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be punted.
tie also presented resolutions relative to a grant
of land for the endowment of a military school in
the State of Michigan; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Allans and the Militia,
and oideied to be printed.
Ho also presented resolutions in favor of the
location of u national armory at Chicago, Illinois;
wluMi were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mi. KING presented two petitions of citizens
of New York, of German descent, praying that
thirty thousand copies of the agricultural report
of the Commissioner of Patents may be printed in
the German language; which were referred to the
Committee on Printing.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
New York, and a petition of citizens of New Jer-
sey, praying for the total abolition of slavery
throughouttheUnited States; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER, presented a petition of mer-
chants and business men of New York, praying
that the salaries, fees, and perquisites of the naval
officer, collector, and surveyor of that port, may
be reduced; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
