1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I6&
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. II. No. 242) making additional ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 3362.
A bill (H. R. No. 259) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced that
thePresidenthad approved and signed, on the 16th
instant, the following act and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 188) to reorganize and increase
the efficiency of the medical department of the
Army.
A resolution (S. No. 50) transferring the su-
pervision of the Capitol extension and the erec-
tion of the new dome to the Department of the
Interior.
LOSSES BY THE GOVEKNOR.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, and privates of the marine battalion in the
naval expedition underCommodore Dupont,pray-
ing for compensation for the damages sustained
by the loss of the steamer Governor, to report a
joint resolution for their benefit, and I ask the
Senate to consider it now.
The joint resolution (S. No. 77) for the relief
of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and pri-
vates of the battalion of marines on board the
transport Governor on the 3d of November, 1861,
was read twice, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate the
sum of $7>1G3 51 to compensate the officers, non-
commissioned offices, and privates who com-
posed the marine battalion attached to the Port
Royal naval expedition under Flag-OfficerDupont
for the loss of their personal effects by the found-
ering of the steamer Governor, in which they
were embarked on the 3d of November.
Mr. HALE. I submit no argument about it,
but simply send to the desk the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy to the Naval Committee, which
I wish to have read, and then I think the Senate
will pass the resolution unanimously.
The Secretary read the following tetter:
Navy Department, Jipril 9; 1S62.
Sir: Itefenim* to my communication of the 1st instant,
in relation 10 the petition of the marine battalion of the
Tort Royal expedition for relief, and m answer to the verbal
inquiry of the Naval Committee j-uh&equently m.ido,
whethci it lias been the practice to compensate officers for
the loss of peisonal effects, I have the honor to fetate that,
upon examination, i do not find that cither officer or sea-
men m the naval service have been compensated for such
losses, except in one instance, that ot the disaster to the
s-team-lup San Francisco. This vessel was wiecked while
on the voyage from New YorK to California, with a num-
ber of the" United States troops oil board, also Lieutenant
F. K. Murray, of the Navy. The act of Congress in the
ca>e (Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 269) appiopnated to eacli
of the officers, nors-commissioned officer^. musicians, and
puvates, who were embarked in the San Francisco, and on
hoard at the time of the disaster, and to Lieutenant Francis
Key Murray, and any other officer or seaman of the United
Stale." Navy on boaid, under orders, asum equal ill amount
to eight mouths' pay and allowances.
I think the claim of the marine battalion for relief quite
a« equitable as thatot the sufferers by the San Francisco.
They weie under orders for important seivice, and their
claim is peiliaps strengthened by the fact that the transpoit
in winch they were embarked "had been a short tunc pie-
vious pionoimecd unseawoithv, especially lor naval pur-
poses, and was only chattered by Flag-Officer Dupont be-
cause an emergency icquired u.
While it may not be wi^e, as a general thine:, to recog-
nize tile claim of seamen, and especially officers iu the
Nav\, to compensation forlos< o( personal effects by the
wreck oi the vessel in winch they were serving, or its de-
f-tinetion by the enenu, winch it is their special province
toguaid asainst, and for which they may be culpable in
some degree, yet when embarked m uansports, and in the
ca*e to which thi^ communication paiticulariy refers, jus-
tice seems to entitle them to relief.
1 am very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. .Tohv P. Half., Chaiimctn Committee Natal Jljfairs,
United Stales Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to be informed
as regards the manner in which the Naval Com-
mittee ascertained the amount named m the res-
olution. It speaks of a given amount, seven
thousand and odd dollars. I do not know how
many men there were, and I should like to under-
stand what measures were taken to prove the par-
ticular amount lost.
Mr. HALE. The amounts were all set out in
the papers accompanying the joint resolution
which was sent to the jNavy Department, and the
sum named is the amount" that the Department
estimate to be necessary. The loss of each man
is given by itself in the papers accompanying the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution wasordered tobeengrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ELECTORS IN WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill.(S, No.
171) prescribing the qualification of electors in
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. In all municipal elections in the
cities of Washington and George town,during the
existence of the lebellion, the bill requires every
person offering to vote, who shall be challenged
by any legal voter on the ground of disloyalty to
the Government of the United States, before his
vote shall be received, in addition to the require-
ments now established by law, to take and sub-
scribe to the following oath or affirmation: " I do
solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be)
that I will support, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution and Government of the United States,
against all enemies, whether domestic or foreign;
that I will bear true faith, allegiance, and loyalty
to the same, any ordinance, resolution, or law of
any State convention, Legislature, or order or
organization, secret or otherwise, to the contrary
notwithstanding, and that 1 do this with a full de-
termination, pledge, and purpose, without any
mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and
further, that I have always been loyal and true to
the Government of the United States. So help
me God." This oath or affirmation may be taken
before any justice of the. peace, notaiy public, or
other person legally authorized toadministeroaths
in the District of Columbia; and the production
of the certificate, in writing, of such person au-
thorized to administer oaths, (with a copy of the
oath or affirmation,) that the oath has been taken
and subscribed to by the person producing the
certificate, shall be deemed by the commissioners
of election sufficient evidence of the fact. The
commissioners of election, or any one of them,
during the time of holding the elections, may also
administer the oath. Any person or persons vio-
lating the oath, or making any false statement in
taking it, are to be subject to all the pains and
penalties of willful and coirupt perjury, aitd to be
liable to be indicted and prosecuted to conviction
before any court in the District of Columbia hav-
ing competent jurisdiction thereof.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to call'the atten-
tion of the Senator from Iowa to a little bill which
seems germane to this which was pending the
other day, and on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] I think, was indefinitely
postponed. The next day I moved its reconsid-
eration so that it is now on the table. It is a bill
providing that persons shall have the libeity of
voting hereafter a residence of six months. The
question I should like to put to my friend, the
Senator from Iowa, is whether, at this moment,
under the peculiar condition of things here in
Washington, such a provision might not properly
be added to this bill. Is it not needed? It is
notorious that we have about us many disloyal
people; that there is here a disloyal population.
The Senator from Iowa proposes to meet that diffi-
culty in part by requiring of them, before voting,
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and also that they have not been disloyal.
Should we not go still further and confer the priv-
ilege of electors upon loyal citizens who have
come here and have resided six months? I do
not wish to embaira&s this bill by a proposition
to that effect, but I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Iowa to it. I know that he gives
his attention to this class of questions, and I shall
be willing to follow his judgment.
Mr. GRIMES. I would prefer that this bill
should pass just as it is, because I apprehend there
will be no objection to it. I understand trom those
who have examined it that this oath is a precise
copy of the law which has recently been adopted
by the General Assembly of the State of Mary-
land. I have not examined itmyself, but it in so
stated to me by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Kennedy,] who is a member of the committee that
reported the bill. Upon the other subject there
will be a great deal of controversy as to whether
we shall curtail the period of time which will allow-
any person to vote, and it is desirable that this
bill should pass now. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts desires to take up the other bill at a
future time, it can be taken up and acted upon. I
do not propose now to couple it wHh this bill.
Mr. CARL1LE. I desire to call the attention
of my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to the latter clause of that
oath. As I heard it read and as my recollection
is, the latter clause requires the party to swear not
only that he will support the Government, but that
he has always been loyal. Is it the intention of
the committee to put all persons upon their oaths
as to whathasbeen heretofore then position? This
question of loyalty, as has been frequently said in
the Senate, is one of rather loose definition, and it
might give rise probably to innumerable prosecu-
tions, and really persecutions, under the provis-
ion of the bill making it perjury to take a false
oath. Ought we not rather make this prospective
in its character than retrospective ? Would not the
same object be attained? I merely call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to it.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a question that every
man must determine for himself, whether he has
been true and loyal to the Government or not. I
think this bill projects no new measure in this re-
gard. It is what has been adopted and is working
well in an adjacent State, where the population
is very similar to that of the District of Columbia,
and I apprehend the bill meets with the universal
favor of the people of this District. I am so told.
I believe some correspondent has called the atten-
tion of the public to this particular phraseology.
That is the only reference I have heard made to
it, or that I have seen made to it anywhere.
Mr. CARL1LE. I am satisfied that the loyal
people of this city have no objection m the world
to the oath in the form I suggested to the Senator
as prospective. I had heard some suggestion
made that possibly the latter clause might give rise
to opportunities to persons who had hostile feel-
ings towards others to resort to some expression
of opinion or the utterance of some sentiment or
other that might in then opinion be considered
disloyal, in order to harass with prosecutions under
this bill those who might take that oath. I do not
know how that is, but there may have been those
here who in earlier days 
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will look at the
phraseology of the oath, he will see that the words
are, "loyal and true to the Government of the
United States." I suppose it would icquire some
overt act of disloyalty, of untruthfulness, of infi-
delity to the Government. That is the interpre-
tation I should give to it.
Mr. CARLfLE. With that interpretation of
the Senator, I have no objection to it at all.
Tim bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken on
the passage of the bill, 1 desire to say that I yield
absolutely to the suggestion of the Senator from
Iowa, and forbear from pressing the proposition
to which I have alluded. It seems to me, how-
ever, that that is necessary to complete the safe-
guards here in the national capital. 1 should cer-
tainly be prepared to listen to any suggestions
from the other side on that subject; but, as at
present advised, it seems to me we ought to con-
fer the electoral franchise upon persons here after
six months residence. I will not, however, em-
barrass the present bill with that proposition.
Mr. CLARK. I simply iise to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts whether it would not
be better to let the matter stand as it now stands
while we are in this embarrassment, and here-
after, if we find it necessary to relax the term, it
can be done.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will not remedy the evil he speaks of by
inserting a six months' clause. A man may have
lived here six years, and yet if he has not paid a
tax he cannot vote; and if any parties should de-
sire to prcventany one voting in this city, all they
would have to do would be not to collect the tax.
A residence of six months here without being on
the tax-book would not entitle a person to vote.
