1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Missouri tells us that we ought to extend
this provision to the regular Army if we do to
the volunteers. Now, it seems to me that there
is a great deal of difference between the regular
service and the volunteer service.
jVEr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My position was
this: that if you pay the officers of the volunteer
service for the use and risk of their horses, you
ought to do the same for the officers of the regu-
lar Army. I am opposed to doing it for either.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I understood
the gentleman perfectly well. He is opposed to
paying either. I am opposed to amending the
law at all. Here are men frofll every quarter of
the country, who have enlisted for three years or
during the war. Is it right for us to amend a law
under which they entered the Army, reducing their
pay for the short time they may now be required
to be kept in the service? It seems to me that it
is unnecessary and unwise to do so. "We are
•carrying our economical notions too far when we
propose to reduce the pay of men who have left
their stores, their workshops, and their homes,
and have gone into the field. If we must practice
economy, let us reduce the salaries of civil officers,
beginning with Congress and going through all
the civil departments of the Government. When
mon talk of reducing the pay of brave and gallant
men who are daily exposing their lives in the ser-
vice of their country, I am unwilling to listen to
them; much less can 1 vote for such a proposition.
It affects the pay of these officers seriously. You
have promised to give these officers a certain sum
per month for the use of their horses. A horse
may be killed in battle, and the Government pays
for him. But a horse may die, not killed in bat-
tle, and that is the officer's own loss. It is said,
however, that the privates receive pay for their
horses. I believe that it will be found, on inquiry,
that that is not so. The law gives it to the privates
in the cavalry service, but, you cannot find a regi-
ment organized in that way. If there is one regi-
ment so organized, I think that then1 is not more
than one. I am acquainted with a great number
of cavalry regiments in the service, and I know
that the privates in those regiments do not furnish
their own horses.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that in all the
cavalry regiments from Indiana with,! believe,
but one exception, the men have furnished their
own horses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Such is the case,
too, in the cavalry regiments in service from Iowa
and Illinois, as I am informed by the officers of
those regiments.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. If I have mis-
stated the fact, I will permit gentlemen to correct
me; but so I am informed. I believe that our
economical legislation might better take another
direction than that of reducing the pay of officers
or soldiers in the volunteer service. There is a
difference, too, between volunteers and regulars;
a very great difference. Almost any colonel or
major in the volunteer service who wishes to re-
main in the Army would accept a commission of
lieutenant in the regular service. He who has a
commission in the regular service has a commis-
sion for life, while in the volunteer service it is
held but for a short time. The volunteers have
left their business and gone into the service of
the country, and we know that when the war is
over it will be a long time before they can recom-
mence business and earn a livelihood for them-
selves and families, as they were doing before the
war commenced. These men have not gone into
the war for any other but patriotic considerations.
I believe that their motives are as good as those
that influence the conduct of any men in the
world. Some have left a good business; some
have left a large property, and not a few of them
have laid down their lives for their country. At
Pittsburg Landing two hundred and seventy com-
missioned officers were killed; and the mortality
among them everywhere has been great. If our
soldiers have fallen before the enemy, our officers
have been equally brave and gallant, and have
been always ready to lead their men into the con-
flict. I think, therefore, we ought not to meddle
with the laws under which those volunteers have
been raised, nor attempt to reduce their pay. They
have complied with their part of the agreement,
let us complv with ours.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, these amend-
ments come before us in such a questionable
shape that it is almost difficult to know whether,
by voting one way we are accomplishing our ob-
ject, or whether we would not accomplish it better
by voting the opposite way, I understood the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] to insist
that the line officers in the volunteer cavalry ser-
vice ought not to be paid for the use of their horses
unless the same advantage be extended to the
officers in the regular service. I understand him,
too, to be opposed to the amendment reported by
the Military Committee. Ifso, then any gentleman
who votes against the amendment of the commit-
tee votes to deprive cavalry officers of pay for the
use of their horses, and any gentleman who votes
in favor of the amendment votes, of course, to al-
low that pay, because that pay was established by
the law of last July. The Senate now proposes
to modify that law. If the amendment of the
Military Committee be agreed to, that law will
not be changed but will remain in force, and offi-
cers will be entitled to pay for the service of their
horses. I hold, therefore, that we ought not to in-
terfere with the law. This was a part of the con-
tract under which we have raised those forces,
and it is too soon, altogether, to violate that con-
tract on our part. If we promised them that
amount of pay we ought to adhere to our stipula-
tion, because we intend to hold them strictly to all
the stipulations that they made when entering the
service.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man permit me an inquiry ?
Mr. EDWARDS. Certainly,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is the gentleman
from New Hampshire willing to have paid to the
captain of a company in the volunteer cavalry ser-
vice more than is paid to a major in the regular
cavalry service ? If we adopt the amendment of
the committee, the captain in the volunteer cav-
alry service will receive more pay for monthly
salary, rations, and subsistence of horses than is
now paid to the major of his regiment.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, it' this were a
new matter of legislation, then the question would
be pertinent, and I might agree with the gentle-
man from Missouri that I would not. But it is not
new legislation, and the question is whether we
shall repeal existing legislation—existing legisla-
tion establishing the pay of these officers of those
companies? If that pay be unequal, it should be
adjusted by increasing the pay of those who are
deficient, and not by reducing the pay which we
have agreed to give to any.
Now, sir, I have merely desired to state what,
in my judgment, will be the operation of the
amendment, and I will not detain the House
longer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I demand the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, demanded tel-
lers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Arnold,
and Steele of Now York, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 48, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment.
Pace 6, line twelve, after the word "cease," insert "but
said utficcr so discharged from arrest may be tried when-
ever the exigencies of the service will permit;" so as to
make the section read:
Sec- 13. Jliid bcUJurther enactcd, That whenever an of-
ficer shall be put under arrest, except at remote military
posts or station^, it shall be the duty of the officer by whose
orders he is arrested to see that a copy of the elMore?- on
wluch he ha? been arrested and is to be tried '•hall be served
upon"Inn) withm eisjhtdays thereafter, and that he shall be
broushl to trial within ten days thereafter, unless the ne-
cessities of the service prevent such trial; and then he-diall
be brought to trial within thirty days after the expiration of
the said ten days: Provided,That if the copy of the charges
be not served upon the arretted officer as herein provided,
the mrest shall cease ; but said officer so discharged from
anest may be tried whenever the exigencies of the service
will pennit: <And provided further, That the provisions of
this section shall apply to all persons uow under arrest and
awaiung tual.
Mr. EDWARDS. The effect of this amend-
ment is to provide that any officer arrested and
discharged from arrest without tnai may be re-
arrested and tried whenever the exigencies of the
service will permit. I do hope the House will
consider that amendment, and either reject it or
modify it. Jt makes an officer who may be
charged with an offense amenable for all timei or
at any rate for an indefinite length of time, at the
pleasure of the prosecutor. :
The bill, as it came from the Senate, as it is
proposed to amend it, makes it applicable not
alone to officers remote from military posts or star
tions, but it applies to those who are near military
posts or stations. There may be reason for delay
m the trial of those remote from such military
posts, and for making them amenable at a future
day, but there is no reason for making officers so
indefinitely amenable who are near at hand. It
any such provision is to be adopted at all, I think
it should provide that they shall be tried within
forty days, as the original section of the bill pro-
vides "that he shall be brought to trial within
ten days thereafter, unless the necessities of the
service prevent such trial; and then he shall be
brought to trial within thirty days after the ex-
piration of the said ten days." But the amend-
ment proposes to go beyond this and extend the
time indefinitely in which the party arrested and
released from arrest may be brought to trial on
the motion of his prosecutor.
Now it may not be regarded as of great import-
ance, but 1 hold that such a provision is a viola-
tion of that right which a citizen is entitled to en-
joy, whether he is acting in a civil or military
capacity. If heis arrested, and released from ar-
rest because the military authorities do not find it
convenient to try him, shall he be liable to rearrest
and trial whenever the military authorities of the
Government find it convenient to try him, for an
indefinite period. ■ 
I say that this House owes it to those who hold
commissions in the Army, and who may be
charged with disobedience or with any military
offense, to fix a time within which, if at all, they
shall be prosecuted and punished. If forty days
is not enough, I would fix it at ninety days; and
if that is not enough, I would fix it at six months.
I would provide that any officer so discharged
from arrest, may be tried whenever the exigencies
of the service may permit, within six months af-
ter the arrest. I would fix some limit, or 1 would
reject the amendment altogether, and have it at
forty days, as the original section leaves it. I say
that whenever any officer is charged with an of-
fense, he has the right to have that offense in-
quired into and passed upon, and if innocent, ac-
quitted; or, if guilty, convicted and punished.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In such a time as
this, when we are engaged in such a war as we
are now engaged in, it is utterly impossible to
bring any man to trial. You cannot, under the
articles of war, try an officer for the least crime
without a court-martial of at least five officers, and
if an offense of any magnitude, there must he a
court-martial of thirteen officers. In other words,
thirteen officers must be taken from their duty on
the field and assigned to this special service every
time a man is to be tried. As a matter of course,
in a time like this, no trial will take place except
for the most flagrant offense. They could not
spare the officers for that purpose. A provision,
such as is contained in the original section, might
answer very well in time of peace, but we cannot
afford to take thirteen officers from their active
duties in the field to try one offender.
Mr. EDWARDS. Take the lowest number.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The articles of war
fixes the lowest number at five, and requires that
they shall all be superior in rank to the offender
to be tried. You will, therefore, see that it will
require several captains and majors to try one
lieutenant.
Mr. EDWARDS. If the gentleman vyill allow
me, I will move an amendment to obviate that
difficulty.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not yield at
this moment. This is a matter of necessity under
the existing circumstances. Any officer arrested
must, when from the nature of things he cannot
be at once tried, be released, and his case go over
until the pubiic service will permit officers to be
detailed for his trial.
Mr. EDWARDS. Would the gentleman allow
an innocent man to rest for an indefinite time under
the imputation of guilt?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If he is innocent
he ought to be anxious to have a trial at the ear-
liest possible moment. He should beglad to avail
himself of the first opportunity for an inquiry into
the charges against him.
Mr. EDWARDS. If the gentleman will permit
