1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667-
that seized Norfolk and Harper's Ferry might as
readily have taken this capital. In May last,
I came here at the heels of the seventh regiment
of New York militia, avoiding the regular chan-
nels of travel. The city of Baltimore was decked
under flag of rebellion. Loyal citizcns passed in
disguise through the State of Maryland, except
by a single route opened and defended by military
power. The great State of Kentucky, important
as well from its central position as from the known
prowess and courage of its people, hung suspended
m doubt between loyalty and secession. In the
State of Missouri, St. Louis was the only place
of unquestioned loyalty, and even there we re-
garded it a fortunate prize that we were able to
take from a Government arsenal the public arms.
The whole State of Virginia, with the single ex-
ception of Fortress Monroe, was in the posses-
sion of the revolutionary forces.
Has the physical power of the Grovernment re-
ceded ? The ebb and tide of war may for a mo-
ment have been against us, but what have been
the general results of the contest? Delaware, after
a short hesitation, complied with the proclamation
of the President. Maryland has now,by clear and
repeated votes and acts, arrayed herself on the side
of the Union. Her rebellious sons who fight
against the old flag cannot tread in safety on a
single foot of the soil of that State. Western Vir-
ginia, the eastern peninsula, and many parts on
the eastern coast are securely reclaimed. The
State of Kentucky has distinctly, by the vote of
her people and by the action of all iier constituted
authorities, proclaimed her loyalty, and her sons
are now fighting side by side with the soldiers of
other States to expel traitors who, in her days of
doubt, seized upon and still occupy a small por-
tion of her soil. In the State of Missouri the con-
stituted authorities, organized by a convention of
the people duly elcctcd, is sustained by physical
power in nearly all the State. In that State the
rebellion is subsiding into bands of thieves, bridge
burners, and small parties of guerrillas who can
soon be readily controlled by local militia.
In nearly every rebellious State the Government
has secured a foothold, and now an Army of half a
million of men, armed, organized, and disciplined,
impatiently await the word of command to ad-
vance the old banner of our country against every
foe who stands in its way.
Where does the history of nations present an
example ofgreater physical weak*2<?°s followed by
greater physical strength? When have results more
wonderful been accomplished in eight months?
The confederate States can only be established
as a Power by a union of all the slave States. The
authority of the Government is not only heartily
supported by all parties in the free States, but is
now established and exclusively maintained with
the assent of their people in four slaveholding
States, in every Territory of the United States,
and it has military occupation of portions of five
other slaveholding Sfates. Similar progresswould
soon restore to the Union the highly respectable
States of Tennessee and North Carolina, where 1
have no doubt thousands of patriotic citizens would
hail the old flag with earnest devotion. The cotton
States, as a physical power, were always insig-
nificant. Steeped in ignorance and semi-bui bansm,
with a preponderance of slaves, with the advant-
ages of modern civilization confined to a compar-
atively few of the planters, and that tew arrogant
and egotistical from their local domination.
One year ago we had no public debt, compar-
atively speaking, because the public debt was
scarcely the amount of the annual income. Now
the condition of affairs is changed. We are phys-
ically strong and financially weak. Therefore, I
repeat, the problem of this contest is not as to
whether we can muster men, but whether we can
ltuse money; and to that question we must apply
the diligent attention of Congress.
I know that it is very common in Congress to
complain about the movements of executive offi-
cers, and I have sympathized with these com-
plaints as much as any one. I record it as my
deliberate judgment that the delay m military
movements in the last three month^ has created
difficulties which it will be hard to surmount. I
do not know the reasons for the delay. They may
be justifiable; but whoever has been the cause of
them will have a grievous account to settle with
his countrymen, either now or in the future. I
do not blame anyone; but I know that while the
Army has been delaying, we too have been delay-
ing. While we have sat here, our credit has been
impaired. We have as yet taken no steps to main-
tain the credit of the Government. It is idle to say
to me that all these measures require time and de-
liberation. We havenotgiven them that time and
that deliberation; but wc have wasted it on other
pursuits; and therefore, while we complain of
others, let us at least take part of the fault our-
selves.
Now, Mr. President, in order to present the real
necessity that weighs upon us, I will ask the Sec-
retary to read an extract from the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury at the present session
of Congress, so as to place upon record what we
all know so well.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
For the first quaiter of the current fiscal year, commen-
cing l.-t July, 1861, the receipts and expenditures are ascer-
tained, and for the remaining three quartets, ending 30th
June, 1862, aie estimated as "follows:
Fot the fiist qu.liter the actual expenditures of the Govern-
ment vveie $98,939,733 09
For the second, third, and fourth the esti-
mated expenditures, under appropria-
tions already made for public scivice,
including civil h>t, Interior, War, and
Navy Departments, and public debt and
mteiW, aie  302,035,761 21
And the estimated expondituies undei the
additional approptiations now a^ked loi
aie—
For civil seivice and increa^d inter-
est   §5,106,438 99
And for the War and Navy
Uepaituientb 137,964,468 77
 143,130,927 76
Making a total of actual and e-timated ex-
penditures under existing and asked ap-
propiiations ol $>13,406,422 06
Mr. SHERMAN. That is for the current year;
but since Governor Chase submitted that estimate
the estimates for the current year have been raised
a considerable sum—some thirty or forty millions
of dollars, so that it is now commonly said, and
I have no doubt truly said, that our expenditures
for the current year will be $600,000,000; and most
of this is yet unpaid. We are also told by the
same distinguished officer that the estimated ex-
penditures for the year eliding 30th June, ]8G3,
will be $475,331,245; 1 shall not weary the Sen-
ate by giving the details. This sum does not in-
clude the bounty of $H)0 allowed by law to each
soldier, it does not include anything for damages
to private property or the contingencies of the
war, and you know very well the character of the
claims that will be presented here for all sorts of
damages. It docs not include a multitude of ad-
ditions that have already been made to the esti-
mates by the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives, and that will be
made by the Senate. Indeed, it is impossible, on
the present basis of expendituie, to tell what will
be the expenditures of the next year, because we
cannot say at this moment what elfeet our paper-
money system will have on the price and value of
property. Many of the wisest men of the country,
who have made the subject of finance the study
of their lives, believe that if you issue §100,000,000 i
of demand notes, you will add in a single year to [
the cost of the articles that you must necessarily '
purchase more than the total amount of demand
notes. That is a proposition which I wish Sen-
ators to reflect upon. When you inflate the cur-
rency of the country, as you will do by the pro-
posed issue of demand notes, you add to the value
of everything. The present currency of the coun-
try is about $130,000,000.
"Mr. COLLAMER. You mean the bank circu-
lation.
Mi. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. The total coin of
the country is but about $200,000,000. When you
add $150,000,000 of paper money, I ask if you
do not inflate prices, and whether the Government
will not m a single year have to pay for the neces-
sary pork and bacon and beans, and other articles
to feed and clothe our soldiers, an amount equal to
the demand notes issued. I merely speak of this
to show you that we are embarking on a dangerous
sea, and that it.is necessary for us to look squarely
in the face the difficulties that surround us.
After contemplating these enormous sums of
$000,000,000, it has got to be now the fashion that
an appropriation of $100,000 seldom attracts the
attention of any one; and if any man objects to an
appropriation of "only $100,000," it is rather
sneered at as being evidence of parsimony, until
it now requires a little energy to make any such
objection. And yet, Mr. President, the amount
of money that we are now appropriating annually
for the support of the Government, when you test
it by comparison, almost startles the mind of any
one who gives the subject any reflection whatever.
The present annual expenditure of our Govern-
ment, as I stated yesterday, is four times our cir-
culation; is three times the aggregate coin of the
country, is greater than was ever borne by any
nation in ancient or in modern times. The'high-
est expenditure of Great Britain at a time when
her currency was inflated, when she made the
Bank of England notes a legal tender, was but
<£100,000,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. She never made them a
legal tender.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The notes of the Bank of England, as 1 under-
stand, were virtually made a legal tender for all
debts, from 1803 to 1819. I shall be glad to be
corrected if 1 am misinformed.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is a mistake.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand they did not
make them a legal tender, but suspended the laws
for the collection of debts.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that they
went beyond that. I saw this allegation stated
this morning in a work oil taxation published in
England—Levi on Taxation. I saw it there stated
that the paper money of the Bank of England
was, during the period of suspension,made a legal
tender. Perhaps it was not made so in express
words; but practically, and in effect, it was a legal
tender in payment of debts.
Mr. COLLAMER. The fact of the case was
this; if the money was offered and leceived, it was
well; but if it was offered and not received, the
debtor could not be attested for the debt. Legal
proceedings could be taken to collect the debt in
coin; but the debtor was not subject to arrest if
he tendered Bank of England notes and they were
not received. That was all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whether or not the note
was made a legal tender, we know very well that
when a Government issues or authorizes paper
money if a creditor refuses to take that paper he
cannotcolleotanything else, though the, laws may
gi\e him the right to collect, it. When bank
notes aie circulating in a community, and you
will not take bank notes, you luive to do without
any money at all. That is the practical effect.
Now, Mr. President, look a moment at this
enormous burden. As 1 said before, the highest
amount of taxation ever sustained by the, people
of England in a single year was only t£70,000,000,
or $350,000,000, and the highest amount of their
expenditure in any one year was less than the
sum of $500,000,000. Now tho expenditures of
our national Government are about $600,000,000,
and of our State, municipal, and city organization
not less than $150,000,000 more. You cannot look
on the financial condition of this country, you can-
not look on the wants of the Tieasury, without
taking into account all the expenses of your muni-
cipal authorities. Ln England they have no State
governments; and all that is paid comes within the
budget of the Chancellor of the Exchequei; all is
disbuised under his care. The poor rales and all
others paid in England are reduced to a system.
They have no system of local taxation such as we
have. We ha\e thirty-four States, all bearing a
separate load of taxation. We have numerous
cities,all levying taxes. We have counties, school
districts, all kinds of corporations collecting taxes
foi various internal purposes. The amount of
these taxes I cannot state; but I am very safe in
statiligthat it is not less than $150,000,000. In the
State of Ohio alone the tax is about $10,000,000,
and I believe in the city of Ne\v Yoik the city tax
is fully that much, and perhaps more.
That this condition of affairs is exciting atten-
tion abroad and at home, is tiuo. 1 have here an
extract from a recent English paper in which they
speak of this very condition of affairs. Our friends
across the water aie now anxiously looking into
altour deficiencies and all our difficulties. Here
is a remarkable statement from the Government
organ, said to be owned by Lord Palmerston:
'' The iiionetaiv intelligence from America i.- ol tlic most
important kind. National bankruptcy is not an agreeable
prospect, but it is tlie only one presented by the existing
Mate of Anieiican finance. Wiiata stiau^e tale does not
