1TO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
3'jTH COJTG....2D SESS.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Sheffield.
I-Io. of Reps.
eminent domain. In other respect^ piivatc rights are un-
afl'cclcd bj conquest "
I now desire to ask the attention of the House
to ano!iter passage from an author whom I have
before cited:
"Private pioperty on land is now, asageneial rale of
war, exempt from seizure or confiscation; and thisgeneial
exemption extends even to cases ofabsolute arid unqualified
conquest. Even where the conquest of a country is eon-
finned by the unconditional relinquishment of sovereignty
by Uie former owner, there can be no general or partial
transmutation of private property, in virtue of any rights of
conquest. That which belonged to the Government of the
vanquished, passes to the victorious State, which also takes
the place of the foimer soveieign in respect to the right of
eminent domain ; but private lights, and private property,
both movable anil Immovable, are, in general, unaffected liy
the opeiationsot a war, whether such operations be limited
to mere military occupation or extend to complete con-
quest."
That I understand to be the law of war. That
is the extent of the war power to take property,
which has been so frequently invoked here, and
yet by that power, as it is laid down by all mod-
em writers, private property is to be respected,
unless it be contraband of win. I do not say tluit
with the march of an invading army down into
the country whore the rebellion is waged that you
may not step out of the way to take private prop-
erty to sustain the Army. But if you do so, you
must make compensation for it. You may, if you
please, impress slaves into the service of the Gov-
ernment if they are necessary to the prosecution
of the war; but you take them with the obliga-
tion to pay for their services to their loyal mas-
ters. But we are not bound to make compensation
for the public property which we take 01 the pi i-
vnte property which may be captured at sea or
upon land which is contraband of war. Wc may,
if' we please, levy contributions for the support,
of our Army upon the enemy's country under the
laws of war; but tins is a delicate and dangerous
. power, and should bo resorted to only in cases of
necessity. Napoleon did it in the Peninsular war,
but when he was studying his own life at St. He-
lena, he dated his downfall from the manner in
which he oppressed those who came under his
powerful sway by these contiibutions. The dead-
ly hate which was then inspired he believed to be
the origin of that adverse fortune whu-h came
upon him, and which broke his power, crushed
bin spirit, and lost him his empire.
'Now, the laws of war, as i understand them,
have conferred upon this Government all the au-
thority which nattons ha ve thought it wise to com-
mit (o oGovei n ment to put down a civil war. The
Constitution has conferred upon us all die muni-
cipalauthoiity which ourfatliers thought was sale
in our hands. In my judgment, this authonty is
ample, to sweep (rout tlie face of the earth every
person who opposes (he power of the Government
by force, and to deprive such persons of every
means ol using force against the Government; and
when those persons lay down their arms and sub-
mit to the Government, then the laws of war cease
to operate upon them, and they may be proceeded
against under the civil authority, and every traitor
may be tried, convicted, and hung to pay the pen-
alty of his crime. Pray, is not this authority
enough? but it it is not, and gentlemen desire
that we should enact further penalties for the pun-
ishment, of lieason, although ( piofcr to allow the
law to remain as it is, yet if gentlemen who differ
with trie in this will agree upon some measure
which will suit them, and which is in accordance
with the Constitution, as I am aware that all legis-
lation is based upon compromise and concession,
I wid vote for a bill which will give additional
putnsiiment lor treason. For instance: I will vote
bo a bill sueh as was reported by the select com-
mute. >in tne Senate, with some modification.
1 am not here expecting that every man is "o-
ing to do precisely as 1 desire. I am willing to cou-
c-ifc something of my opinion to gentlemen who
dilier with me upon tins floor. But I will not agree,
1 nevereo n agree, to pass any law which embraces
tits proposition ot taking a man's property with-
out due process of law, this in rem proceeding
which is piovided for in this bill. I never can agree
to take a man's piopei ty by any bill of attainder
which is a bill of pains and penalties and forfeit-
ure without trial, as tins lull undertakes to do in
respect to slaves. I will not do it because in my
judgment it is against the Constitution which 1
have sworn to support. As to what is a bill of
attainder, and for the purpose of showing that an
act like the one now under consideration is a bill
of attainder I purpose to read a short extract from
Story's Commentaries on the Constitution, vol.
3, p. 210:
" A bill of attainder may affect the life of an individual or
may confiscate his property, or botti-;j
This learned author deals in eloquent denun-
ciation against all such legislation as this, but I
have not lime to quote further now.
But before I proceed, I will call the attention of
the House to the argument of my valued friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.] He quo'ted
fromGrotius to show that we had the power to take
all property from the rebels, and then contended
that even land was contraband of war. Remem-
ber, it is that side of the House which invokes the
prejudice of the House and of the country against
old musty books, against technical law and tech-
nical lawyers; remember, it is the gentleman from
Massachusetts who has brought in old Giotius,
published two hundred and thirty odd years ago,
which contains the ancient Gothic rule that
you may take everything from an enemy. Yon
have the control of his life. You may enslave
him, says the same authority, and as you may do
what you please with him, can you not take his
property? That is the rule which the gentleman
cites, a rule drawn from the confines of the mid-
dle ages. Has modern civilization done nothing
to ameliorate the rigor of this ancient rule, so ab-
horrent alike to our sense of justice and human-
ity? Ay! Human society has advanced. Civ-
ilization has gone on.
We talk of Christian warfare now, and adapt
the conduct of our armies as nearly as is practi-
cable in accordance with the modern usages of
nations, and bury the rude and barbarous rules of
Grotius in the grave of the past.
Away with this talk about technical law and
old musty books. Where does it come from ? My
friend from Massachusetts introduces Giotins. Is
he driven to the dire necessity of going back to
that dark period of the history of the woild to find
some authority to support the bill winch be is
now introducing, in the nineteenth century, and
asking the American Congress to adopt? And
does he expect as to indoise his act > The Chris-
tian rule is laid down by that Christian jurist,
Wheaton, and by the other able juiisconsult
whose authority I have quoted; and the modem
rule is the rule by which we are to be governed.
And I believe the laws, as they exist under the
Constitution, and the laws of nations, as asserted
by these authorities, are ample authority for us
to put down this rebellion. Under them wc may
shoot every man who does not submit to the lav/.
We may march on and make a conquest of the
whole territory, if we please, unless those who
own the territory submit to the Constitution and
the laws unconditionally and without compro-
mise. When tlicy do this, the authority of the
military power over them will be at an end, and
that of the civil magistrate will begin. 1 trust we
shall permit the Army to move on and to put down
the rebellion. I trust that that Army will compel
the rebels to submit, and when they do submit,
there is no man here who wili stretch out further
his arm to bridge the chasm between them and us
than I will. I will give them then a punishment
which will canker this rebellion to its very core.
That punishment shall be forgiveness.
The President is the Commander-in-Chief of our
armies. If we undertake to command him as to
how he shall treat the property of the rebels and
how he is to execute the laws of war upon thetn
then he is not the Commander-in-Chief, antl the
Constitution is false when it says that it confeis
that authority upon him; for Congiess then would
be the Commander-in-Chief of tlie Army.
_ 1 desire to ask the gentleman's attention who
introduced these bills to this emancipation scheme.
Suppose we declare, all of the slaves to be emanci-
pated : what then ? Are they free ? We have cot tn
remove them by colonization or otherwise Ijefore
the object of the bill can be accomplished. If we
do not, when the rebellion is over the persons now
in slavery will be subjected to the local law. They
will then have to sue for their freedom under this
emancipation act. They may sue in the State
courts, if the gentleman is so verdant as to believe
u"y fetate court will declare any slave free
under this act. If you carry the slave into the
Federal courts you will be met by the Dred Scott
decision, which says that a black man has no right
there. That is a decision, by the by, which
although it may be law, I do not think it ought
to be.
My friend near me [Mr. Dawes] says that it is
notcommon sense,and he asks me whether I be-
lieve that it is ? I answer, that I do not believe that
it is. But you wili he met with the decision, and
southern district courts would be willing to say
that it would be law. What then ? Is this prom-
ise of emancipation to the slaves to be made to the
ear and broken to the hope ? It will amount to
nothing unless you remove the slaves from those
States. If you arc to remove them, then where aie
you to carry them ? We have not money enough
to colonize them all; and if you carry them to the
State of Illinois, my friend on my right from that
Slate will meet them on its confines with a flaming
sword m one hand and the State constitution m
the other, and will not permit the poor black man
to enter upon that territory. Other northwestern
States have similar laws.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I confess that the law of Il-
linois, to which the gentleman from Rhode Island
adverts, is a disgrace to that State. Yet, sir,
while the gentleman objects to it, I find him stand-
ing up with the very gentlemen who have put that
law upon the Illinois statute-book.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not know to whom
the gentleman refers; but I will say that he is to
be found as often voting with the extreme men on
the other side of the House as I am.. He votes
wiih them very often when the negro is not in-
volved, and that demonstrates the saying that ex-
tremes are never very far apart.
The principle which justifies many of the gen-
tleman's votes, and which justifies the doctrine of
State obliteration, justifies the right of secession.
I do not pretend to say that the gentlemen from
Illinois would justify anything of that kind. But
such is the iireversible conclusion of the logic uf
his docti incs. I hope that the gentleman from
Illinois will use his efforts to have that piovision
wiped from the constitution of Illinois.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Do not persecute the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovnjov.l
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The passage ot' this biii is
attempted to be sustained upon the power to raise
armies and collect taxes. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] entertained the House with
that proposition. Our Government is a Govern-
ment of expressly delegated powers. The Consti-
tution delegates to it the power to raise armies
and collect taxes, but it does not delegate to it the
power to emancipate slaves. So we have no suih
power. If the Constitution had contained a pro-
vision authorizing Congress to emancipate slaves,
that Constitution could never have been adopted.
I will not elaborate this proposition.
The next ground upon which the passage of
these bills is sought to be sustained is that the
States have committed suicide; that their ao\-
ernments are obliterated, or that Congress has the
right to obliterate them. What is the relation
winch the State governments bear to the Federal
Government? The genera] powers ofgovernmcnt
under our system is with the States, while certain
special powers arc carved out and delegated to the
nation. ^Each government is supreme within its
sphere. The nation has no power but such as lias
been delegated to it. I fit attempts to assume more,
it will be a usurpation. We have no right to in-
vade the Shite authority or territory of South Car-
olina but for the purpose of asserting the authoi-
ity °f the Fedeivl Government there to tlie extent
which that authority is given in the Constitution,
lite smaller States have an interest m this ques-
tion. For if you can obliterate tlie State of South
Carolina now, hereafter you may obliterate the
Suite of Rhode Island. This is not a consolidate^
Government, and cannot be made such by Con-
gress, for the people have lcserved to themselves
and to the States powers which Congress mav
usurp, but. which it can never rightfully exercise.
My own State long lingered outside of Tins Union,
and it is the only State, except the State of Nonb
Carolina, that ever had any independent standiii"-
outside of the Union; because it feared that tlie
Constitution would give to the Gcneiul Govern-
ment power to control its local institutions. It
