1862.:
APPENDIX TO THE COXGIiESSIONAL GLOBE.
in
STtii Cong....2d Sess. ' Confiscation, Emancipation, and Colonization, &c.—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
took time to consider well the principles of the
Constitution before it adopted them to be their
fundamental law. it adopted the Constitution
because it was their mature belief that it*would
not interfere with its local institutions; had our
people believed otherwise, they never would, as
the history of the time well proves, have adopted
the Constitution. Rhode Island was the last of
the Old Thirteen States to come into the Union;
I firmly believe, as I trust in God, that it will be
hist to desert any of the principles embraced in the
Constitution upon which that Union was founded.
Congress cannot interfere with the State author-
ity but to secure the operations of the Government
of the United States while thatGovernmentisact-
mg within the scope of its delegated authority. It
is true thatitis our duty at all hazards, to see that
the Federal authority granted by the Constitution
is asserted in the rebel States to the extent to
which that authority is granted, and it is equally
true, that when that authority cannot be asserted
by the civil power, that it must be done by military
power; but even the military power has no right to
interfere with their local institutions, further than
is necessary for the purpose of enfoieing the legit-
imate authority of the United States, and leaving;
their local institutions to be managed by the State
authorities, in their own way, so long as they do
not interfere with the former authority.
This proceeding is not due process of law.
What is due process oflaw, within the meaning of
our Constitution? It is the process winch was in
force at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, which may bo modified in form, but not in sub-
stance. This pi ocess in rem makes properly crim-
inal. It is derived from the civii and admiralty
Inw, and is used where property is made criminal
by the owner, in his use of it in committing a
crime. Innocent properly cannot be proceeded
against in that way.
I was surprised that my ft iend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] should have undei taken to ai-
gue in favor of such a proposition, when—1 think
in 1854—my friend undertook to enforce the same
doctrine in the supreme court of, Massachusetts,
in a case which he there presented, lie was in-
structed by that learned tubunal that when he un-
dertook to apply that process to innocentpiop-
erty, it was not due process of law. He received
an admonition then iiom that learned judge, who
delivered the opinion of the couit, whom lie and
I and everybody who knew him respected, that I
tlimk he ought to have remembered. That tribunal
gave us a very proper idea of these proceedings
m rem. Let me quote, upon this point, from the
case of Fisher vs. McGirr:
(< Proceedings in rem.
" Tlie theory of tins biancli of the Jaw scorns to bo tins:
tlnittno pioperty, ot which injuilous oi dangerous u-eiv
made, j-halJ be seized and C0nii->CAied, bncnu-<o cither it j« <o
unlawnilh n<ed by the owner or poison having the powei
oi' di^pn-al. ot by some pet>on with whom he has placed
and moused it, or at least that he has bO carelessly and
iieyiiirentlv u*ed Ins power and control over it, that by his
detau"J t, it lma> fallen into tlie hands of those whohave made,
and intend to make, the injunous or darurcious use of it,
ot which the public have a right to complain, and iiom
winch they have a right to be lelieved. Therefore, as well
to abate the ntii.-nnce*, as to punish the offending or caie-
le^ owiu'i. the propeity may justly be dcclaied forfeited,
and either sold for the public benefit or destroyed, as the
cireumstanees of the case may requite, and the wisdom of
Hie lcgi&latut '* dnect. i)eM(le^, the actual seizure of tin:
piopeitv, intended to be offensively u«od, may be eflWh-d
when it would not b" pnictieable to detect and puni.-h the
oifemler pei.^onally."—1 G-tav, p. i27.
The case fiom which I make this extract cov
ers and decides a iaw containing provisions like
this bit! to be unconstitutional. There arc many
analogies between this process in rm, as it is
soughtln-ie to be applied,and general warrant,and
to tiie old writ, of assistance. Strange it is to heai
a gentleman from Massachusetts undertake to in-
corporate such a process into the legislation of this
country; principles so at variance with those pun-
ciples which were put forth, at the old town-house
in Boston, by him of whom it was said he was
" a ftame of tiie," and that " he then and there
breathed into the American Revolution the breath
of life." Will not the spirit of Otis rebuke this
undeitukiiig ? 1 ask if these measures aie not ob-
noxious to all the objections which 1 have men-
tioned ? Why, Mr. Speaker, the law has no pre-
judice; it has no passion, no resentment; but it is
an inflexible rule of justice.
Why, sir, pass these bills, and carry out their
provisions, what right will be left which may not
be violated which is worth preserving? I am not
arguing now for rebels. Go and exccute justice
against them; kill, slay, and destroy them upon
the battle-field; put in force against them all the
fierce enginery of war, and I am with you in that;
but pray do not invade the Constitution, which,
when the war is over, we may wish to invoke to
protect ourselves. I hope to leave the benefits of
this Constitution as a legacy to my children,and
I will do what I can to preserve it. If we are to
repeal the laws of nations, blot out the Constitu-
tion, and turn a deaf car to the admonitions of
history, there would be some pretext in the prin-
ciples "of natural justice in compelling those who
caused this war to pay the expenses attendant
upon its execution; but fiom the fall of our first
parents to the present hour the innocent have had
to suffer with the guilty. And that this should be
so seems to be an irreversible law of our being.
But if we act from principles of natural justice
only, without reference to the Constitution, fetus
acknowledge it, and not pretend to net under the
Constitution while we seek to so palpably vio-
late it.
But there is one other proposition which has
influence with me. In July last, when the strong-
est necessities of this war were upon you, you
then sent forth to the world youi sukmn pledge
that you would observe your constitutional obli-
gations, and that ynu would forbear to interfere
with the local institutions of the Stales. A loyal
people, inspired by their love of country, and re-
lying upon that solemn pledge, rallied by the
hundred thousand at your authorized summons
to fight for the Government. The old Constitu-
tion was to he kept sacred, and they wen: con-
tent to lmpciil their lives in Us defens. . Many
ol*ihe biaw men whom you thus sum moned have
failen either upon the battle-field oi in tin * iamn,
and have left their ki/idted the legacy of then de-
votion to the Constitution and the country. Are
we to interpose now, and to violate that Constitu-
tion for which was made, and the pledge which
induced, such sacrifices ? The kindred of those
gallant men shall never say to me : " You d id it."
Plighted faith is what binds man to man the
woild over. It forms the basis of our social sys-
tem. The domestic eitcle is poised upon this
foundation, and the pillars of the State tepose in
its bosom. In it is the origin of our social and
civil rights, and upon maintaining its inviolability
depend all of our social and civil enjoyments.
Upon faith we rely for our earthly peace, and
upon it rest our hopes of heaven. Cloven be that
tongue which is stirred to urge its violation, and
palsied be that arm which is raised to stiike it
down.
Confiscation, KmajieipiHion. a3i<l C!olU>;ti.w,a-
tson--** Xtsclrmnsly for Uiv pafcV
secmiJyfoi' tine futui't."
SPEECH OF JTGX. F. P. BLMIl, .JR.
OF MISSOURI",
Ix tiic Ilousii of Rkpiieslxta rn i:s,
May S3, 18GS.
The llou-c h.ivnm mid<
fixate tin1 pjupeu\ and b
I u'bej—
Mr. BLAII1, of Missouii, said:
! Mr. Speaker: The question before the Mouse
i is one of as grave impoitanee as con engage the
l attention of Congiess during the present most
! eventful session. It has, 1 confess, presented some
1 vety seiious difficulties to me, but I have come to
j the conclusion, after giving U all the consideiation
| of which I am capable, and the best judgment I
I could command, that it is within the powei of
i Congress, nnd that it is the duty ot Congress to
j inflict punishment upon the rebi Is in ai ms against
! the Government, as well by the confiscation of
I their estates as by the execution of the death pen-
j alty, wherever the importance of the individuals
j implicated in thisernneand the safety of the Go\-
| eminent justify the rigor of such punishment.
1 differ fiom tuy colleague, [Mr. Phklps,] who
addressed the Mouse vt st< rday. 1 hold that this
i'i not a war to be leuulaU d by ini.i national law,
euu-ideintimi the bilK to con-
■e iiom ^enUtaie the '-Lir's m
It is not a war between nations, but a war be-
tween a nation and its own rebellious subjects.
International law has no application to such a con-
dition of things. The usages of war and the laws
which regulate belligerents and independentPow-
ers have no application when a body of conspir-
ators rebel against an established Government.
The punishment which this Government shall
inflict upon its own rebellious citizens is regulated
by its own discretion, limited only by the organic,
law of the nation. If we are restrained by the
Constitution from inflicting punishment, whether
of one description or another, we are clearly
bound to observe that limitation. These laws and
usages, which regulate wars between independent
nations, were well defined by my colleague; but
the mistake he made was in their application to
our intestine contest. The laws of the civilized
world have not held England responsible for shoot-
ing the Sepoys of India from tne mouths of her
cannon, oi for the no less barbarous punishments
which she has from time to time inflicted upon her
rebellious subjects in Ireland and elsewhere, at
home or in her revolted colonies. Neither has
international law held Napoleon or the Emperor
of Austria or Russia or any potentate responsible
for the punishment which they have seen proper
to indict upon their icvoltcd subjects. The laws
of war between independent Powers recognize
captured soldiers as ptisonets of war, and invest
them with certain rights which the captor is com-
pelled to observe, but rebellious subjects taken in
arms or in any act of conspiiaey, are by all na-
tions held as traitors, to be dealt with in accord-
ance with the laws of that nation.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. With the
permission of the gentleman fiom Missouri, 1
w111 asl: hint a question. When Gieece rebelled
against (be Oitom.in Poite, and went into a war
to secure her independence, { ask the gentleman
whether the Eutopean fc'owers did not feel them-
selves justified in interposing against the Porte
because of the seventy with winch it punished
the rebels? That is pertim nt to the gentleman's
aigumont, and I think answer* it.
Mr. }>LAIR, of M issom i. Did we lu-ar of any
of the European Powers interposing when Eng-
land lashed the rebellious Sepoys to the mouths
of her cannon and blew them into eternity >
Mr. TLIO.MAS, of Massachusetts. 1 undertake
to say that they would have been justified in m-
terfeiing.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman's
ideas of interference would no-t suit eveiybody,
and certainly would not suit England.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I knowit
would not, but the naht was thete, nevertheless.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The fact of inter-
ference by foreign Powers in ex tie me cases, or in
cases where in teres tor feeling dictates intervention,
argues nothing. The fact stands th.it it is theac-
_ oopted law of the world that nations deal with
i iheir own revolted subjects,and are restrained by
! no limitations except those imposed by theii own
! organic law; and in cases where there is no organic
> law, then by their own discretion. The gentle-
man frojn Missouri,my colleague, [Mr. Phelps,]
; would make it appear that we are contiolled by
,i the laws and usages which regulate wars between
;! independent Powers. On what sound grounds
can any gentleman make it appear that we are
I compelled to treat the prisoners we take as pris-
on! is of wai ? My colleague assorted yesterday
that we had recognized the receded States as an
;| iiid'-pendent Power.
b Mr. PHELPS, ofMi-^outi. My colleague mis-
j1 understood me. I stated ju tny speech yesterday
|! that the laws applicable to belligerents wereappli-
li cable to the civil war in which this country was
[| at piesent engaged, with the exception thatevery
II poison engaged in the war against the Government
;i vuit> liable to be treated as a traitor and punished
;( for the crime of treason.
;j Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The exception is the
!' whole c.isc, and shows the distinction for which
i I have contended. The only question is, what
punishment we shall denounce against the crime
' of treason. But the point to which 1 was retur-
ning was the statement of my colleague, that by
an exchange of prisoners with the rebels we had
recognized them as an inch-pendent Power. 1
deny it. We made these exchanges fiom the die-
