670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
and applied certain fixed and general principles,
those which I have already enunciated, to every
officer of the Government, abolishing all sinecures,
reducing such as could bear reduction, retaining
the present compensation where we could not re-
duce it, where the Constitution forbids our redu-
cing it, or where the compensation was not too
much. We applied general principles to all, with-
out regard to persons or classes, and without re-
gard to the branch of the public service. If the
bills already reported should receive the favor-
able consideration of the Senate, the other bills
that I have stated will also be reported. Hut, sir,
I know very well that under our system of legis-
lation it will be impossible to have separate action
on all these bills. Therefore it is that I take this
opportunity, when there is nothing else pressing
upon the Senate, to call the attention of the Senate
to the subject; and if the Senate will bear with
me and will adopt the plan which I shall now
mention, early action can be had on all these bills.
My fumiharity with the rules of the House en-
ables mc to say that these bills cannot be consid-
ered in the House of Representatives at the pres-
ent session or even at the next session of Congress.
Here, where the pressure of business is*less bur-
densome, we can consider them; but in the House
it is impossible to consider them. Why? With
the exception of the ordinary appropriation bills
and bills of a political character, which excite at-
tention, and probably war bills, which now de-
mand the attention of Congress, it is almost im-
possible under the rules of the House to get bills
before the House. There are various modes of
delay by which persons hostile to a bill can always
defeat it; and in the House of Representatives a
very small minority who are determined to oppose
any particular system of measures can defeat
them if they choose to do so. That is one of the
restraints on legislation. The only way to reach
this question is by framing amendments to the
appropriation bills. Whenever an appropriation
is made for a particular purpose, let this Senate
ingraft on that appropriation bill a provision
changing the mode of compensation. Then these
bills arc necessarily brought to the attention of
the House, and there they may be acted upon.
If the House should reject any one of these prop-
ositions, of course 1 should be willing to abandon
it. I would not force anything upon the House.
If the majority of the llouse voted against any
proposition appended to an appropriation bill, I
would abandon it at once, because itisan import-
ant principle that every bill and every provision
of a bill shall receive the assent of a majority of
both branches. But the only way to get this sub-
ject before the House of Representatives under
their rules is in tin- mode I suggest. In that way
tiiey must nec,<'ss;uily come before the House. In
any other way you will fail to do it. Whether
we are prepared to take this course i cannot say.
It is for the Senate to detei mine. I shall give them
an opportunity to do so. I can only do no with
the consent of the Senate, and with this action of |
a majority of the Senate. If they propose to adopt
this system of reduction they can readily doit;
but in that way only.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man one question. How arc we to insert these
bills by way of amendment to the appropriation
bills if the llouse does not send us the appropri-
ation bills until late in the session ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am happy to answer my
friend that every appropriation bill is now in the
Senate, I think, with the exception, perhaps, of
the Navy bill. The bill making appropriations
for the legislative expenses of the Government is
now in the Committee on Finance, and so also is
the Army appropnation bill. The House have
promptly passed the appropriation bills, and I
think, with the exception, perhaps, of the Navy
bill, ihey are all hen.1.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then they arc earlier than
usual.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; much earlier than
usual, and are trained upon a different principle
than usual; so that there is no practical difficulty !
in the way, if we mean to do it. j
Now, Mr. President, the effect of the proposed j
reduction of the pay of the Army would be a saving ;
of fiom six to ten millions of dollars. The pro- i
posed ieduction of the pay in other departments J
and of Congress would be a considciable sum; I j
cannot state precisely what, because all the. bills
arc not matured. But if this plan is adopted, you
will reduce the expenditures, upon the present
basis of expenditure, about thirty millions of dol-
lars; and that is about the amount you will have
to put on the people in the form of direct taxes.
It is more than one half of the interest upon, the
public debt.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator how much his Navy bill will reduce the
aggregate amount of expenses ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot state precisely. It
is very difficult to form the estimates in detail, be-
cause it is impossible, as my friend will see, to state
exactly what would be the allowance for length
of service under the naval bill, a feature that we
were not entirely satisfied about when we reported
it; but I have no doubt at all that the total reduc-
tion will be nearly what I have stated. It will be
more than half the interest on the public debt.
The sacrifice thus made by Congress in its own
pay and perquisites, and the reduction made in the
salaries of officers of the Government, I believe
would give a healthy tone to this contest, and
would show that we are willing to take our share
of the sacrifices.
Sir, suppose this contest docs bring us back to
the simplicity ofancierittimes. How many years
ago was it when members of Congress came here
at the rate of eight dollars a day and considered
themselves pretty well paid ? How long is it since
a brave officer of the Anny served with the lank of
colonel at $1,500 a year? How long is it since
Stewart and other gallant officers of the Navy
served for small pay? How long is it since the
people of this country in their simple habits were
willing to live on one moiety of what is now re-
ceived even by your pages, your clerks, and your
messengeis? If this reduction of expenditure will
only bring us back to the simple habits of the olden
time, when school boys were educated in log huts,
when men, when everybody, men, women, and
children, labored to develop the resources of this
country—1 say, if this revolution would bring us
back to the old times most of us remember in our
boyhood, it would be no great calamity. I can
remember when, in the early history of Ohio, the
supreme judges of that State traveled all over the
State on horseback at $1,000 a year, and lived as
well as need be. Suppose that in this hour, to pre-
serve our Government, and to maintain the Union,
it is necessary for us to make this sacrifice: I ask
if%t would not be in a noble and a holy cause ? In-
stead of wasting our time here about emancipating
slaves that wo have not the possession of, instead
of wasting our time here in treating of questions
not before us and winch on the present basis will not
be before us, if we meet these practical questions,
which are necessarily thrown upon Congress and
can be performed by no other power but Congress,
we shall do much to strengthen the arm of the Ex-
ecutive, we shall do much to buoy up and enliven
the loyal heart of the people of this country.
1 propose to oiler an amendment to the ninth
section of this bill. After line seven, on page 8,1
move to insert these words:
Antl thte deduction < hull apply to all allowance tor miio-
n<:e, and lm commutation Cor sei vanN, loiage, and Mtions
and to all tees oi contingent allowances paid lor peisonal
m:i vices hum the Tiea-uiy of the United Status..
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the subject of mileage,
I beg to offer an amendment to the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio,m these svoids:
And ati mileage shall he computed by the most direct
route over which the mail i-i tian^poited, and the rate of
mileage oi meaihcis of Coitgic^ shall be i educed tifty per
cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
Irotn Ohio adopt that as part of his amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 shall be very happy to see
it adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
adopt it as a part of Ins amendment; otherwise it
is not in order now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will adopt it, although the
leduction I proposed was ten cents a mile, and
this reduction is only one half what I intended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment,
as modified, will now be read.
The Secietary read it, to insert at the end of
section nine the following:
And this deduction shall apply to all allowances for mile-
age, and Ibi eomnuuation for servants, torage, and rations,
and to ail fees oi contingent allowances paid (or personal
services fiom the f rea^uiy of the United States ; and all
mileage shall be computed by the moat direct route over
which the mail is transported, and the rate of .mileage of
members of Congress shall be leduced fifty pei cent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word on this proposition. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Ohio that in this matter of retrenchment
we should begin with ourselves. The amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, if I under-
stand it, deducts from the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress ten per cent, of their salaries,
which would be $300. I desire, by this amend-
ment, to cut off what I regard as two great abuses
in reference to mileage of members of Congress.
First, there has grown up a custom to compute
mileages by the old traveled steamboat and other
routes, by which the amount of mileage, or the
number of miles traveled, by custom immemorial,
has grown up to be, in my judgment, a very great
abuse; and in the next place, the mileage of mem-
bers of Congress was fixed at a time when the
means of transportation for them and their fami-
lies from their homes to the scat of Government
was very different from what it now is. The old
rate of compensation was forty cents per mile.
For those members who brought their families to
the seat of Government, provided they had fami-
lies—our bachelor friends could all come as a mat-
ter of course at a much cheaper rate—supposing
the family consisted of buta wife and two or three
children, the old compensation when it was origin-
ally fixed was perhaps a just one. Byt with the
improved modes of transportation by steamboats
and by railroads, the present mode of compensa-
tion is altogether wrong.
1 desire to speak with entire frankness on this
subject, and I do so to our friends from the Pacific
coast. Their mileage, as I have been informed,
under the present mode of computation, amounts
to some six thousand or more dollars per year.
Mr. SHERMAN. Between five and six thou-
sand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend says between
five and six thousand. Their mileage alone is
more than the salary and mileage, I believe, of
any other member of Congress. This is too much.
I am frank to say so; but,at the same time, I do
not believe it is wise to adopt any such rate of
compensation as shall make the mileage which
they receive so small that they will be compelled
to deduct a part of their salary to pay the expense
of their travel here. It would be but the begin-
ning of the agitation of a question which would
result in a change of the seat of the capital of the
United States. For myself, I think as we have
the capital located here,and located where it was
located by Washington himself, where we have
erected these beautiful and expensive buildings,
it is not advisable so to shape'the mileage of mem-
bers of Congress that their mileage shall not pay
the actual compensation of their coming from the
Pacific coast, or that any portion of it should be
taken out of their salary. In my opinion, the
most just mode in which we can fix this mileage
would be to enact that it shall be computed by the
most direct route over which the mail is trans-
ported, and reduce the mileage fifty per cent. I
hope this amendment will be adopted as the best
mode, in my judgment, of settling this trouble-
some and vexatious question of mileage, in which
we are all personally interested.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection, indeed
I am in favor of this amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin; but I must say, like the amend-
ment of the Senatoi fiom Ohio, it is not without
some objections. For instance, I do not see how
you could compute the mileage of the Senator from
Tennessee. Over what route does the mail go to
Tennessee? It does not go at all, as the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] well says. And
in regard to my own route, I should like to in-
quire of the Senator what kind of route I should
travel? One day our mails come by way of
Omaha; the next day, or a little while after that,
they are sent through Missouri, or rather some-
■ times they are sent there and are stopped. But
I want to say that I am entirely satisfied with any
reduction that maybe made. I do not suppose
any man desires any greater mileage—I am sure
I do not for my own part—than will cover his real
expenditure m coming here.
Mr, SHERMAN. I will ask my friend before
he takes his seat, whether he would not be better
satisfied with these words, the words adopted by
the committee on compensation and expenditures:
To he computed by the most direct traveled route from
