1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Tennessee and from North Carolina and
fiora Virginia resigned and leftthe Academy, and,
under the phraseology of this amendment, there
cannot be another appointment until each of those
States shall have received its full quota of ap-
pointments in the marine corps.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, with instruc-
tions to report it in such a form as would give,
under the old principle of nominations, a share to
each of the loyal States. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs says my object will
be effected if I permit this bill to pass.
Mr. HALE. For the future.
Mr. DAVIS. But it will not in relation to this
most meritorious young man.
Mr. GRIMES. It will not do to legislate for
any young man; we must legislate for the service.
Mr. DAVIS. You may legislate for one or ten
thousand, if you legislate on a correct principle;
and I maintain that this is a correct principle.
All the nominations heretofore have been made
on the principle which I want adhered to until
equal justice is done to all the States. I therefore
move that this bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, with instructions to re-
port the bill in such a form that all the loyal States
shall receive nominations equivalent to their Fed-
eral population, before the principle of the bill
reported by the committee goes into operation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
reduce his motion to writing.
The motion was reduced to writing, and read,
as follows:
To recommit the bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs
with instructions to report a bill that each loyal State shall
have nominees in proportion to the Federal population.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest that this is a bill
not for the appointment of young men in the
Naval School but for the appointment of officers
in the marine corps. It seems to me that this prop-
osition is intended to relate to the distribution of
the appointments in the school, rather than to the
marine corps.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Vermont has
suggested the difficulty that I was about to pre-
sent, which is that it is not competent for Con-
gress to pass such a law. The President, by the
Constitution, is required to nominate, and by and
wiih the consent of the Senate to appoint these
officers. Now, I suggest that it is'not competent
for Congress to say to the President " you must
take these officers from this State or that," or
" you must apportion them among the different
sections ratably," or " you must take them from
this city or that section of the country." The
Piesident is to select his nominees, and may se-
lect them from such portions of country as he
likes, and no act of Congress can restrain him in
the exercise of that power. It is not competent
for Congress by law to fix the locality from which
the President may take his nominee.
Mr. DAVIS. The principle in relation to nom-
inations for lieutenancies in the marine corps is, I
presume, precisely the same as in relation to nom-
inations to the Military Academy or the Naval
School. The President may nominate whom he
pleases for the Military Academy or the Naval
School.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a different thing
entirely.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. Laws have been passed
giving to members of Congress the right to nom-
inate; but I suppose it is optional with the Presi-
dent to respect or not to respect those nomina-
tions and appoint whom he pleases. This is in
the form of a recommendation, and it is in sub-
stance a matter of recommendation. The original
bill restricts the President. Here is the honor- I
able Senator from New York with his Empire I
State—he has already got more appointments in
that corps than his great State is entitled to; and
here is my moderate State of medium size that
has not as many as she is entitled to by a third.
All she asks forisequal justice. I hope the honor-
able Senator from New Yi5rk, now, will withdraw
his opposition to so justa proposition as this, and
that the Senate will refer this matter back to the
libeial and just Senator from New Hampshire,
and that be will bring in a proper bill regulating
in a proper manner this whole subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to re-
commit the bill with instructions.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes eight,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Theamendment to the amendment was rejected;
and the question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Harris, it was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurringin theamendment made as in Com-
mittee of the vVhole.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that the amend-
ment which was proposed by the Senator from
New York is wholly nugatory, because this bill
cannot affect the appointments already made, and
besides, there is going to be no trouble in regard
to any one of these appointments. I am not au-
thorized to speak; but I know in regard to the
cases that he desires to reach, there is not the
slightest necessity for the provision.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire of the honorable
Senator fiom Iowa how it comes about that New
York can get so many more than her proportion-
ate share of appointments in that corps, and other
States cannot get theirs ?
Mr. GRIMES. I shall have to refer the Sen-
ator to the President. I have not the appointing
power, and I do not know under what influences
it has been done.
Mr. DAVIS. The President has not the ap-
pointing power, I believe. I understand it is m
the hands of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; and I can say that
very few of the appointments have been made by
the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HALE. The question of the Senatorfrom
Kentucky has bothered me a good deal. I have
never been able to account for it. There was a
gentleman nominated from the State of New
Hampshire theotherday foralittle, inferior office
in the diplomatic corps, and I do not know how
many Senators came to me to ask how that man
came to be nominated, as though New Hamp-
shire was a British province instead of one of the
States of the Union. It always has been so, and
always will be so. Some States will get more
than their share and some States will get less, and
nobody knows it better than the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner;] but I will say for
Massachusetts, she is deficient in the marine
corps, and it is the only branch of the public ser-
vice in which she has hot twice as much as she
is entitled to.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the question my-
self as the gentleman from New Hampshire can-
not answer it. I suppose it is on this principle,
that the strong have a much better chance for jus-
tice in that respect than the weak. I do not know
upon what other principle it is done,
Mr. HARRIS. After what has been said by
the Senator from Iowa and the chairman of the
committee in relation to the nominations pending
in reference to this subject, 1 am quite willing that
the amendment proposed by me should be voted
down.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to say a word upon the
merits of the bill itself, if this is the proper place.
It is proposed to transfer the selection of these-
marine officers to the Naval Academy. In itself
I have 110 objection to that arrangement; but 1
have this difficulty about it, and I submit it to the
consideration of the Senators and the committee
itself. Our Navy, as is well known, was reduced
nearly one third by the operation of the rebellion;
two hundred and sixty-eight officers in the Navy
left it when the rebellion broke out—nearly three
hundred. The places of those officers are not
supplied, and they are only to be supplied through
the Naval School. The Naval School itself is
reduced very essentially.
Mr. GRiMES. The Senator will allow me to
say that he is mistaken in the number of sea offi-
cers who have resigned. There are not three hun-
dred of the officers who get into the Navy through
the Naval Academy that have resigned.
Mr. HARRIS. Two hundredand sixty-eight
officers.
Mr. GRIMES. Thatincludespaymasters,&c.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir; two hundred and
sixty-eight captains, commanders, lieutenants,
masters, and midshipmen. " ,
Mr„GRIMES. Some of the masters are old
masters not in the line of promotion.
Mr. HARRIS. Only four masters. That re-
duces it only four.
Mr. GRIMES. Only about one hundred and
sixty sea officers have resigned.
Mr. HARRIS. I have the statement from the
Navy Department, and the number is two hun-
dred and sixty-eight, including those officers in
the line of promotion. These are to be supplied
through the Naval Academy. Two classes of
the Naval Academy have been withdrawn from
that institution for the purpose of meeting the
exigencies of the service. There will not be a
class to graduate in that Academy untilayear from
next June, two years from this time. The first
class that graduates from the Naval Academy will
be in June, 1864. Where are you going to get
the candidates to supply the vacancies in the ma-
rine corps ? Where are you going to get the men ?
Two classes have been withdrawn and put into
the service, so that the nextclass which graduates
at the Naval School will be two years from this
present month. The marine corps have to be filled
up. Where are you going to get the men? You
wanteveryman thatgraduatesat the Naval Acad-
emy, and you want him in the Navy, and you
will not find a young man who graduates at that
school willing to leave the Navy where he has
such an opportunity for service and promotion,
to go into this amphibious service in the marino
corps, which is nothing more than a police for
the Navy.
Here is a practical difficulty that in my judg-
ment ought to defeat this bill. You arc notgoing
to find your men in the Naval School to supply
the vacancies m the marine corps.
Mr. HALE. 1 find by the Naval Register that
the midshipmen, graduates of the Naval School,
now are fifty-five, and the number of active mid-
shipmen on probation at the Naval Academy at
Annapolis, Maryland, is thirty-five. The second
class has thirty-eight; the third class has seventy;
and the fourth class has one hundred and twenty-
four members. The fact is, that not near all of
those that enter are appointed, and there is a con-
stant surplus. That has been and will be the case.
When the Naval Academy is full by the existing
law, from the loyal States alone, you will have
three hundred and fifty young men there, two
from each district; and a quarter of that is nearly
ninety a year that will graduate there constantly.
There is no sort of difficulty practically in mak-
ing this provision, and I am confirmed in it by
the suggestion which has been volunteered to me,
as I stated before, by the superintendent of the
Naval Academy, that it will be one of the best
things for the Navy that has been provided for a
great while. I hope, therefore, the bill will pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
r PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 364.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone all prior orders, for
the purpose of taking up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to know what bill it is.
Mr. LATHAM. The Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I believe at
one o'clock we shall have another subject up,
which, I hope, we shall adhere to until it is dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
j o'clock having arrived, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order, which is the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator from Massachusetts; but I can-
not, with due respect and regard to the interests
of the State I represent here, give way without
calling for the motion to be put. 1 move to post-
pone all prior orders, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 364.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion will be in order in a moment. The bill which
