1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
his home to the seat of Congress, to be stated by the Post-
master Geneial.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not propose to offer
any factious opposition to this amendmentof the
Senator. I only rose to say that there are some
Senators who have no direct route to the city; but
as the Senator from Ohio says he-wants this re-
duction to take place this year, and now, I want
to remind the Senator, as he hasdiscusscd his own
bill rather than the bill reported by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, that his bill
as it stands would costth^ Government this year
$13,009 25 more than if we did not pass it.
Mr, SHERMAN. I desire to correct my friend
in that. He stated that to me yesterday. That
statement, uncontradicted, would be erroneous, as
lie understands very well. This bill was framed
before the Secretary of the Treasury had decided
that we were entitled to mileage for the present
session. - Having drawn mileage for the present
session, as a matter of coarse we cannot for the
next; but my bill was framed on the idea that
we should receive no mileage at all at this ses-
sion.
Mr. POMEROY. The error ia the Senator's
bill as reported seems to be that we are to have
three mileages for a Congress, when we are enti-
tled to but two. Having drawn two, his bill pro-
vides for another; and therefore I say his bill, if
adopted, would cost this Government §13,000 more
than if it was not adopted for this year. After
this year the reduction would take place.
But, Mr. President, I was saying that there are
Senators who have no direct route to this capital,
and from whose State the mail has no direct route.
If a Senator should start from my place, if his
sentiments are obnoxious to a portion of the States
through which he may pass, he would have to
get upon a horse and go three hundred miles to
Omaha, where there is no publicconvcyance what-
ever, and then send his horse back, and perhaps
have it run away with, as really occurred to a
Senator that I know. Then, by traveling day and
night m a stage in the fore part of December, or
rather walking and prying the stage out of the
mud, carrying a rail for that purpose, as the Sen-
ator from Minnesota [Air. Rice] reminds me, he
would be able, after traveling five days and five
nights in that way, to get to the cars. By that
time, not having been able to carry any baggage,
he would need an entire change of wardrobe, and
his expenses in reaching the capital by any direct
route would be very much larger per mile than
can be computed by any Senator who can get into
his car and ride here in twenty-four hoars, as is
true of all the members from New England, New
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio
As this reduction is designed for this year, I
suggest to the Senator from Ohio to amend his bill
so that we shall not make it cost the Government
$13,000 more than if wo did not pass it. I should
like to have it amended also so that the mileage
shall be computed by any direct route that is safe
and competent for any Senator to travel. When
the amendment is put in that shape, I think it
might be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. After conversation with sev-
eral Senatois, I suggest that the amendment be so
modified as to read as follows:
To be computed by the most direct traveled route liom
bi<i K'suleneu to the seat of Congress.
A statement of which is to be made by the Post-
master General to each House.
In regard to the objection made by the Senator
from Kansas, I will simply say the bill was framed
originally upon the idea that members were to re-
ceive no mileage for this session. Indeed, I am
inclined to think it was a stretch of the law to pay
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
of the amendment will be made.
Mr. COLLAMER, The Senator can amend
his own amendment in his own way; but I wish
the whole of it read, so that we can understand it,
and see how it reads m connection.
Mr. HALE. Of course the amendment is
within the control of the Senator, and he can
modify it; but I think it is wrong. I shall not
say anything about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to have it so that it
will be satisfactory.
The VICE PO.ES1DENT. The amendment,
as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment as modified,
to insert at the end of section nine the follow-
ing:
And this deduction shall apply to all allowances for mile-
age, for commutation tor servants, toiage.and rations, and
foi all fees and contingent allowances paid for personal ser-
vices from the Treasury of the United States; and the rate
of mileage of members of Congress shall be reduced fifty
per cent., to be computed by the most diiect traveled route
fiom his residence to the seat of Congiess. A statement of
the mileage of each Senator shall be cemfied to the Sec-
retary ot tiie Senate, and of each Representative and Dele-
gate to the Sorgeant-at-Anns of the House of Representa-
tives, by the Postmaster Geneial, within thirty days of the
commencement of each session of Congiess.
Mr. COWAN. I would suggest, without any
desire whatever to meddle in this matter about
which I know so little, whether it would not be
better to abolish altogether this system of paying
members of Congress and Senators mileage. I
have been inclined to look upon it for a longtime
as one of thoseshams which were very much used
in the dark ages to enable a man to get more money
than he was really entitled to; one of those meth-
ods of collecting taxes when none were really d ue.
I would therefore suggest that in lieu of the mile-
age heretofore received by members they should
receive from the disbursing officer here the actual
amount of their expenses paid by them in coming
here. If they were obliged to pay their fare on
the railroads, and did not ride upon a free ticket,
they should be paid that; but if they ride here
upon a free tickct, as many of us do, they should
not be paid. I ask whether this matter could not
be adjusted in that way? Let gentlemen who pay
their fare, and who do not ride as dead-heads, be
paidtheamountactually expended in cominghere.
That will be fair. I do not know that the coun-
try is obliged to bring the families of members
here. If a man desires to bring his family here,
let him pay for them, as he docs when he takes
his family elsewhere. If he wants to come alone,
let him pay for it. Whatever he pays for himself
should be repaid to him. It is the member that
the country wants here, and not the family; and
it is the member I suppose that the country is
willing to pay. I think this matter might be ad-
justed so as to make it true and sensible, and so
that everybody would understand it.
But take thecase of the members from California
and Oregon. It is an old principle that the acces-
sory followed the principal, not the principal the
accessory; but that has been reversed here. The
mileage is nearly twice as great almost as the sal-
ary. The church seems to have been built for the
steeple, not the steeple for the church in that case.
I have no objection to those gentlemen being paid
the actual amount of their expenses in coming here;
but they should not bo paid a sum twice as great
as their salary, and two or three times as much as
other people, when everybody knows that this
compensation bears no kind of proportion to the
actual expenses of the members on their way.
Mr. I'EAllCE. Mr. President, I have so small
an interest m this subject of mileage that I think
I may be considered as a disinterested witness.
The term " mileage" has crept of late into our
language and our law. It is not to be found in the
original law of compensation of members of Con-
gress. The present compensation act is that of
1856; and I believe in that act for the first Lime the
word " mileage'' is to be found. By the old act
of 18J8, which fixed the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress, they were allowed eight dollars
a day for the period of their attendance at the seat
of Government during the session of Congress,
and also—not as mileage, but as compensation—
eight dollars for every "twenty miles of estimated
distance, reckoning by the most usually traveled
route from their places of residence to the seat of
Government; so that it was not mileage, intended
to defray the expenses of traveling, but it was
really compensation.
If the compensation of members of Congress
had been fixed at a uniform sum for all, it would
havebeen manifestly inequitable. Gentlemen who
resided at a long distance from the seat of Gov-
ernment could not come here without great ex-
pense then, and without great expense even now,
besides which their business suffers more. To
return from Congress to their homes, if anything
extraordinary requires them to do so, is an ex-
pensive thing, occasions in many instances great
loss of time, and is generally avoided except un-
der an imperious necessity. Longcontmued stay
m Washington compels the abandonment of their
professional occupations, and other business ar-
rangements are so neglected as to produce the
most serious detriment to all their private inter-
ests. If there were not some compensating dis-
crimination in such cases, the law would be clearly
inequitable. This is the reason I think of the
principle of the law of 1818, which proportioned
that part of the member's pay which we now call
mileage according to the distance of his residence
from the capital.
I am inclined to think that this part of our com-
pensation is unnecessarily high. I am not dis-
posed to press any change in it, but if a vote be
taken, I shall vote for its reduction by the rule
proposed by the Scnatorfrom Wisconsin, which,
it seems to me, is about as low as is reasonable.
That will leave the members who come from a
distance a sufficient compensation,! am inclined to
think, for the greater difficulties of their situation,
their greater expenses and loss of time. It will prob-
ably remedy the inequality and inequity which
anything like the payment of a uniform sum to all
members of Congress would inevitably make. If
any change be made, I should be unwilling to go
further than to take the proposition of the Sena-
tor from .Wisconsin, which seems to me the most
reasonable.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I regret that
this amendment has been introduced by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and I hope it will not be
pressed upon the bill now. I will state, very briefly,
my reasons. I concur mainly in the bills to be in-
troduced by the committee on compensation, of
which the Senator from Ohio is chairman; and in
proposing the ninth section of the present bill, I
had no idea that it would prevent Congress from
making the necessary reductions of salaries, classi-
fying and arranging them properly, and reducing
the mileage ofmcmbe'rs of Congress. I would pre-
fer that this reduction of the mileage should go
into a bill by itself; but the amendment, as origin-
ally proposed by the Senator from Ohio, perfected
the idea of this very section, that it should be ap-
plied not only to the pay proper, but to everything
received as compensation from theTreasury ofthe
United States. I think the amendmentas proposed
by him would make the scction pcifcct. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin proposes to amend it by in-
scitinga provision to icducc the mileage. If that
be agreed to, perhaps we shall go on and reduce
salaries. My idea was not to put salaries into the
bill, but if Senators think it best to do so, T do not
know that I shall object. 1 am in favor of the re-
duction of the mileage of members of Congress,
and I am in favor of reducing many ofthe salaries
paid by this Government; and the Senator from
Ohio may count on my vote generally in relation
to these reductions.
I hope wc shall continue the consideration of
this bill until we have disposed of it. It will make
a reduction of from fifteen to twenty millions of
dollars- a year, if carried out, and that will do
some good. I agree with the Senator from Ohio
in the views he has presented to-day of the duty
of Congress, not only to lay taxation upon the
people, but to reduce the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment to the least possible sum with which we
can get along. I have no doubt it is the bounden
duty of Congress to address itself to those ques-
tions, and continue to address itself to those ques-
tions, until we make the necessary reductions in
the expenditures of this Government. If Sena-
tors think it best to press this subject, I am will-
ing to put it in the bill; but it seems to me it is
bringing a new idea into it. Senators should rec-
ollect that this ninth section looks only to a reduc-
tion of ten per cent, on all salaries during the con-
tinuance of this rebellion. It seems to me it is
right in itself; it is a sacrifice that men serving
the country ought willingly to make; and I think
if it be necessary to demonstrate anything to the
world, it ia that we have something of a self-sac-
rificing spirit, and that we arc not engaged wholly
and entirely in getting money out of the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr.NESMITH. 1 regret exceedingly that this
debate has sprung up during the absence of the
two Senators from California. Thcic are some
very important points in it, upon which, I think,
they should be heard. I am free to admit that
there have been great abuses in the system of mile-
age. I think the mileage is too high, and that it
ought to ho reduced; but there are circumstances
which ought to be taker! into consideration in rela-
tion to members who come from the Pacificcoast,
