672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
which do not apply to members from this side of
the Rocky mountains. The amendment as now
proposed by the Senator from Ohio provides that
our mileage shall be computed by the most direct
traveled route. That route would take us, by an
air line, directly across the Rocky mountains, and
I think would make the mileage for each session
about six hundred dollars. That portion of the
amendment is somewhat vague and indefinite. I
supposed by the most direct traveled route is
meant some route that some man has traveled. I
traveled that route about twenty years ago with a
rifle on my shoulder, and every day at the hazard
of my life. It is about as much as a man's life is
worth to undertake to travel it now. No man can
come without an escort by the route, which, ac-
cording to the amendment now before the Senate,
would be the shortest traveled route.
As I remarked at the commencement, I think
there are abuses in i elation to the question of mile-
age, and that they ought to be corrected. My illus-
trious predecessor, who was a candidate for the
Vice Presidency at the last election, received for
attending as a Delegate at the other end of the
Capitol, $5,968. During that session, for which he
had been paid his mileage, Oregon was admitted
as a State into the Union, and he was elected a
Senator, and charged and received from this Gov-
ernment $5,968 for walking from the House of
Representatives to this end of the Capitol. That
was an abuse, and such abuses should be cor-
rected.
There is another point which should be taken
into consideration, in relaLion to mileage from the
Pacific coast. 1 am interested, and perhaps it
would bo very improper and indelicate in me to
refer to it, yet 1 honestly think there ought to be
a discrimination between the pay of members from
that coast, and the pay of other members.. In the
first place, the route is a long, arduous, and haz-
ardous one. No man makes it without taking his
life in his hands, let him make it by what route
he. may. No man makes it with the knowledge
that he can return at the end of one or two years.
.The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania says
it is not necessary that Senators should bring their
families here; and if they do, that they should
bring them at their own expense. Lbrought my
family here last year, and it cost me $3,000 to
bring them from Oregon to New York. My mile-
age under this bill would be only $000, not enough
to bring myself here.
It is apparent, I think, that there should be
some discrimination, for those of us who come
ffom the Pacific coast cannot visit our families if,
in the discharge of our public duties, we become
separated from them by so great a distance. And
in addition to these discomforts, the Senator from
Pennsylvania may not be aware I hat wo have a law
by which if u man is absent from his family for
a year his wife is entitled to a ilivmcc; a .Senator,
therefore, after sei ving his country hire, may go
back and iind himselfV single man. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Pennsylvania should take that
into consideration.
There is another point.. Gentlemen who are
members of Congress from this side of the Rocky
mountains can easily reach homo in one, two, or
three days at most, and attend to their ordinary
avocations. If they are lawyers, they ean attend
to their practice. If they are professional men of
any kind, their business goes on under theirimme-
diatc supervision. It is different with us. Men
who come to Congress from the Pacific coast
abandon everything. They can scarcely return
oncc in a year, and then they can only remain at
home afewdays; but usually they do notgo home
under two years. Hence we have to bring our
families with us, and to select new homes at great
expense; and I have never heard of a man from
the Pacific coast having saved anything out of his
mileage after supporting his family. There inay
have been instances such as that of my predeces-
sor who drew double mileage, some of which he
may have saved; but I do not think the present
mileage more than compensates for the expense
and the risk of travel. j
Under this bill we should be compelled to com- ■
pute our mileage by the most direct route, as I !
observed before, across the Rocky mountains; I
and in many instances we should be compelled to [
employ escorts to get through the savages. There 1
are about two thousand miles in which there are j
no settlements, or where there is but one settle- I
ment through the entire line, and that not in the
direct route. It would practically amount to de-
nying the Pacific coast a representation here. A
poor man who would desire to come to Congress
could not afford it, while there are plenty of rich
people there who would be willing and anxious
to come at their own expense. If the intention is
to give members of Congress a mere honorary po-
sition, abolish all mileage and all,salaries, as they
do in the English Parliament, and let honor be the
only .reward; but honor is a commodity upon
which a poor man cannot exist.
In the absence of the delegation from California
I felt called upon to make these remarks. I am
willing to submit to any reasonable deduction in
my own case. I am willing to contribute as much
and go to as great an extent in the present exi-
gency of the country to sustain the Constitution,
and to maintain and enforce the laws as any man.
I am wiying to be taxed to the utmost extent; 1
am willing that as much in proportion shall be
taken from my compensation as from that of any
other officer of the Government; of that I shall
make no complaint. If circumstances should ren-
der it necessary to take the whole, and members
shall be compelled to dispense with compensa-
tion, I shall not be compelled to remain here like
a soldier who is enlisted in the ranks of the Army.
I can resign and go home.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me the discussion
in which we tile engaged is a departure from the
subject before the Senate. The bill on which the
Senate is acting is entitled, "A bill to define the
pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army and for other purposes," and now wo have
an amendment moved which brings up the whole,
question of congressional mileage. My experi-'
once in this body leads me to the conclusion that
it is best to keep things apart; not to mix incon-
gruous matters; not to seek to fasten on an Army
bill a bill with reference to congressional mileage.
The two embarrass each other. The two do not
go naturally and logically together. One is not
germane to the other. They ought to bo kept
separate in different bills; and I submit that they
ought also to be discussed separately in the Sen-
ate. We have been listening to the discussion of
the Army bill, and all at once we have started
another discussion which has been pending before
the country, which has been debated in the news-
papers and on the floor of Congress, particularly
in the other House, with reference to congres-
sional mileage. I might almost call that a bot-
tomless question, a Serbonian bog where many
members of Congress have been lost—1 will not
say where armies are sunk. Rut you all know
the extent of the discussion with reference to it.
Are you ready now to enter upon it again in con-
nection with this matter? Is it advisable? Is it
according to the natural order of business? 1
must say I think not. It" the Senate is prepared
to enter upon that question I shall take my part
in the discussion; but, for one, 1 had rather have
that discussion met by itself, and decided on its
own individual merits,than have it associated with
another measure to which it hears no relation. I
therefore hope that the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Wisconsin will withdraw their
propositions on the present occasion. They have
already given notice to the Senate of their views
on the subject; and at some proper moment on
some other bill, oron some special bill which shall
embody their particular views, they may ask us
to vote.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The ninth section of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is a reduction of the compensation of all
persons employed in the military, naval, and civil
service of the United States, including, as a mat-
ter of course, members of Congress; and when we
touch this question of the reduction of the pay of
officers in the employment of the United States, and
most certainly when we touch the question of the
pay of members of Congress, we had better settle
the whole thing at once. I undertake to say, Mr.
President, that in my judgment, though 1 may
differ from gentlemen around me, the very first
step that we ought to take ill the progress of re-
ducing the pay of the officers of the Government
is to begin with ourselves.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. Weallagree
to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. You say all
agree to that. You propose to take from our sal-
ary $300. 1 propose to cut off two abuses in re-
lation to mileage. That the mileage shall be com-
puted upon the most direct route, to be ascertained
by reference to the Post Office Department, and
to reduce that amount fifty per cent. When we
have disposed of this troublesome question, and
got out of this Serbonian bog into which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts gays we are al way s ready
to sink, we shall be able to attend to other busi-
ness. It is utterly useless to talk about the reduc-
tion of the pay of the other officers of the Govern-
ment until we get rid a£ this thing which concerns
ourselves. Let us finish it, and finish it now.
That is in my judgment our true policy. When we
have disposed of that which concerns ourselves,
we can have the face to meet the officers of the
Army; and when they come, perhaps with their
wives, to see us on the question of the reduction
of their compensation, we can answer them at
once, " We have begun with ourselves; we have
reduced our own compensation; we have cut down
this abuse in relation to mileage and put it where
it ought to be." Then we can meet them frankly;
and what we have done to ourselves, they cannot
complain if we do to them. Therefore, I hope the
Senator from Massachusetts will waive his objec-
tion to the consideration of this question on this
bill. The whole ninth section ought to be stricken
out from the amendment, or else "this thing should
be settled now in that section. I prefer that this
subject should be inserted in the ninth section;
and I believe that the importance of this bill is
such that it will carry this measure through, and
carry us out of the Serbonian bog in to which whole
armies have sunk and members of Congress have
gone out of sight. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICE. I prefer the bill as it now stands;
but I shall vote for the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from Ohio with a modification
in regard to the reduction of the pay of officers of
the Army and Navy. I consented very reluct-
antly in the committee to the reduction as reported
by the committee. I know full well that the ex-
penses of the officers of the Army and Navy are
much increased in consequence of this war. Thou-
sands of them have left their families far distant,
and have abandoned their business pursuits in
order to serve their country, and many of them
cannot live respectably upon the pay now given.
They have to draw from other sources. I doubt
very much whether Congress has the right to re-
duce their pay one cent. There is a contract ex-
isting between the officers of the Army and Navy
and this Government; and I doubt whether we
should even by implication violate that contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a contract with the
enlisted men.
Mr. IlICE. I know there is a contract with
them; but i think there is one quite as binding
between the officers and the Government as be-
tween the enlisted men and the Government. I
know that formerly it was not so considered.
Why? Because the ofHcer could resign at his
pleasure. Whenever we should reduce his pay
to such an extent that ho could not live upon it,
he was at liberty to resign. A soldier never had
that rieht. Neither has an officer that right now.
At the last session of Congress we passed the fol-
lowing law:
"That <uiv commissioned officer of the Army, Navy, or
maiiiic coij>«., wliOj having tendered Ins les-ignation, prior
to duo acceptance of the same hy the propei authontv5and
without leave, shall quit lus post 01 pioper duties with the
intent to lemain permanently absent therefrom, shall be
registered a- a deserter and punished as such."
Under this law no officer of the Army or Navy
can resign. He may tender his resignation; but
if the proper authorities do not see fit to accept
it, he must remain. Besides, sir, upon all those
brave gentlemen I think there is something more
binding than this. What brave officer would re-
sign in the face of the enemy? It is not probable
that this war will continue long; it cannot last
long; and I would rather the pay of these gentle-
men should not be disturbed any further than was
i recommended by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and I am in doubt even about the propriety
of that,
Mr. CLARK. This being an amendment to
an amendment, it is not in order I believe to move
to amend again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. CLARK. I like a portion of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, but a part of it I
judge at present to be ill-timed, I like very much
