1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
committee, to purchase another reservation for
them in California, in anothersection of the State;
but that is not under consideration now. The
committee, however, thought they would reduce
the amount, and not report in favor of more than
$25,000. As the summer season has already come,
they thought it would be an opportunity for the
Indians to do very much towards sustaining them-
selves during the summer, and by the next ses-
sion, if it be necessary to have any greater ex-
penditure, we shall know it then. If you turn to
pages 10 and 11 of this document, you will find
a very heart-rending description given by Mr.
Hanson, the superintendent of Indian affairs, of
the disasters brought on by this great flood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified by the with-
drawal of a portion of it.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 offer another amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
insert at the end of the bill the following:.
For the same service in the southern district of Califor-
nia, for the fiscnl year ending June 30, 1863, $15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do the words " for
the same service" mean ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment is to
come immediately after the last amendment. The
word " service,"however, should be stricken out,
and I will modify the amendment in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed that a. new sys-
tem had been adopted in California that saved the
necessity of having all these supervisors and all
these officers. I cannot state precisely the law,
but I supposed that a new system was adopted a
year ago dispensing with this whole army of offi-
cers?, and gathering the Indians together in reser-
vations,and that ail necessary provisions had been
made to carry those laws into effect by the regu-
lar appiopriation bill. As a matter of course, my
ftiend fiom Wisconsin is much more familiar with
the subject, as he has given his attention to. it, but
I know it was a subject frequently discussed a
yqfar ago. A law was passed and appropriations
were made in pursuance of that law. I presume
that the present bill contains the ordinary appro-
priations for the Indian service in California, in
accordance with the law passed a year or two ago.
It strikes nie with surpi ise to find so many amend-
ments needed now to cany into execution that
law passed more than a year ago. I do not un-
derstand it.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. I should like to inquire
also of the Senator what communication it was
that asked for those appropriations?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is a letter of th^ Secre-
tary of the Interior addressed to me as chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, accompanied
by a letter from the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, with additional estimates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has never been pre-
sented to Cougtess at all, otherwise than it might
have been laid on our tables. I have had no soit
of chance lo examine it, and look into it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When I moved the print-
ing of this letter, with the additional estimates, I
endeavored to arrest the attention of the Senate to
the fact that very important amendments to this
bill were asked for. Perhaps it would be a saving
of the time of the Senate if this bill should lie
over, and gentlemen could all have an opportu-
nity to read this document, the additional esti-
mates, and the papers that accompany it. There
are several letters which arc published stating the
grounds upon which these estimates are claimed.
1 have no objection to the bill lying over until
Monday.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to make a little state-
ment in relation to this subject. I was formerly a
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
everything connected with the service in the State j
that I represent was more immediately under my I
supervision. I believe I proposed the amendment j
relative to these sevcial districts, which Congress !
adopted, about a year ago, and to winch the Sen- i
ator from Ohio refers. I had not soon these amend- j
ments before they were offered here, and I must J
confess that some of them I do not understand. J
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will excuse 1
me, 1 was about to suggest that I am informed, !
for the first time, that these new estimates have '
com.- in, and we are met of a sudden with some ,
twenty new amendments, as my fnend from Wis- ;
consm says, of it character that is rather surpris- !
ing to the Senate, and I think it would be unsafe
to go on with the bill without giving the Senate a
chance to consider them. I think it would be bet-
ter, therefore, for the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs to offer his amendments and
have them printed, so that we may have an op-
portunity to look at the estimates and the amend-
ments proposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
that, and then the bill may lie over until Mon-
day.
Mr. LATHAM. I am perfectly willing to
agree to that; butl will take this occasion to state
more particularly to the Committee on Finance
that I, as well as the Committee on Indian Affairs,
think a very large saving can be made in the pub-
lic expenditures for the support of the Indians in
California. The more 1 have investigated and
thought about the subject, the more 1 am satisfied
that the Government is paying entirely too much
money for the support of the Indians in that State.
A few years ago, when the Indians were much
more numerous than they are now, I believed it
was the duty of the Government to extend a pro-
tecting care over them to as great an extent as they
then legislated for; but the Indians in California
are fast fading away; their number is very rapidly
decreasing; and out of all these reservations, 1 do
not think there are, probably, over two of them
where the white man has not intruded himself,
and the Indians have become scattered.
I believe, and I am speaking after a conference
with the Secretary of the Interior, that there ought
not to be for that whole State more than one su-
perintendent. I do not think there is any neces-
sity for the State being divided into two districts.
I think it would be sufficient to have one super-
intendent and two reservations, and forcach res-
ervation a supervisor, with a limited salary of
twelve or eighteen hundred dollars per annum,
if all the Indians were thus gathered into two
icser vat ions, one in the north and one in the south,
it would be a saving of probably thirty or fifty
thousand dollars a year to the Government. In
three reservations in the northern district—No-
mee-lackee, Klamath,and Mendocino—the whites
have intruded, so that they are really, for Gov-
ernment purposes, utteily worthless. The In-
dians will not stay there. The whites take their
hunting grounds and fishing places, and use them
in various ways, and the Indians, of couise, scat-
ter in the mountains. They cannot live m con-
tact with the white men. They sell them whisky,
and impose upon them in a thousand ways that
every gentleman here is perfectly familiar with.
There ouuht to be some place in northern Cali-
fornia; and I understand there is such a place, a
place called Round Valley, surrounded by mount-
ains, where the Indians could be gathered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Smith river valley.
Mr. LATHAM. I may not be correct about
the name; but there should be some place where
the Indians can all be kept, and then three of these
reservations couid be done away with. In the
fnst place, you could dispense with three super-
visor, and then the laborers who aie paid forty
dollars a month,! believe, and the implements of
husbandry, for which you are paying several thou-
sand dollars a year, could also be dispensed with.
The samcHhing would occur in the southern dis-
trict. Even if you have but one superintendent
with a general supervision engaged in collecting
the Indians into these two reservations, and con-
trolling them, you gel rid of one supervisor, who
has a salary I believe now of $3,GOO, and you get
rid of one agent. I hope these amendments will
he over, and if the committee will give me an op-
portunity I will appear before them between this
and Monday and present my own ideas m rela-
tion to it more systematically.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will state to the Senator
fiom California that the committee meet to-mor-
row morning at half past nine o'clock. I will
state i'ui ther, that we had proposed upon that com-
mittee to reduce the salaues of the superintendents
in California to the same salary as that allowed
the superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon-—
$*2,500 each. I do not know, however,but I should
be decidedly in favor of Ins proposition if he, as
the Senator from California, should recommend
it, of reducing the whole State of California into
one district, and collecting these Indians together
m one or two leservations in the State. 1 will
state farther that, not expecting the bill would be
entirely finished to-day, there are two other ques-
tions still pending before the committee, one of
which bears on that very suggestion. We are con-
sidering the propriety of the purchase of the Smith
river valley as a reservation for these Indians, in
which the Indians that were driven out by the
floodsfrom the Klamath reservation, and the other
Indians in the northern district, may be kept to-
gether. There is another matter pending before
the committee, in which the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Nesmith] feels an interest, in relation to
some unpaid balances still existing in Oregon in
relation to the Indian service, which has not been
fully passed iipon by the committee. With the
exception of those two things, however, the pur-
chase of the Smith river valley as a reservation,
and the other question in relation to Oregon and
Washington, I believe we h^ve agreed upon all
the amendments we intended to submit that re-
quire appropriations, and therefore I will now sub-
mit them, and ask that they, in connection with
those that have already been offered, be printed.
I make that motion; and I shall then move, when
that is disposed of, that the bill lie over until Mon-
day.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me the printing
of the amendments will be perfectly useless. The
estimates of the Department are contained in Mis-
cellaneous Document No. 79, which has been laid
on the desk of every Senator. The committee has
been laboring to cut down these estimates, and
there are a number of propositions of the Depart-
ment that we have not yet decided on. There is
one here I notice of §200,000, which we think we
may dispense with after we have become fully
possessed of all the facts. I suggest therefore to
the chairman of the committee that the printing
of the amendments would not facilitate business
a particle, and there arc other amendments that
have been suggested by propositions that are
ponding before the committee, and which have
not been decided on by the committee.
Mi. FESSENDEN. What I want to say to
the committee is this: I have postponed this bill
week after week at their suggestion—they were
not rtady. I understood from the chairman of
the committee that he should be ready on Wed-
nesday, yesterday. I did not take it up then, but
gave notice that 1 should call it up to-day. Now,
I should be glad if the committee would ascertain
when they can get through with their amendments.
The reason why I want the amendments printed
is that the other members of the Senate may have
a chance to know beforehand what is to be pro-
posed, and to look into these things and examine
them. I am satisfied myself, if the committee have
thoroughly investigated it, and are satisfied them-
selves on the subject. They are the proper com-
mittee to do it.
Mr. HARLAN. The estimates of the Depart-
ment have been printed with the papers which
were supposed to be necessary to enable the com-
mittee to understand them. They are now lying
on the desks of Senators, I have no doubt, or are
on their files.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
printing these amendments in the mean time. I
have not seen that document before, nor had my
attention been called to it m anyway. It was
never before our committee. I think the motion
to print the amendments a pioper motion, and I
hope the Senator will also move a reconsideration
of those that have been already passed upon, in
order that we may have them before us again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
that. At the request of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, let all the amendments be
printed, and stand upon the same footing together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made that will be considered the sense of the
Senate, and the motion will comprise all the
amendments that have been offered by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. The Chair hears no
objection. It is now moved that the amendments
proposed by the Committee on Indian Affairs be
printed, and that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until Monday next.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is a proposi-
tion before the committee fo appropriate some
twenty or thirty thousand dollars to the Wyan-
dotte tribe of Indians, for the purpose of carrying
out a treaty stipulation. I should like to have that
proposed amendment printed, with the amend-
ments suggested bv the chairman of the commit-
