1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
toe. 1 suppose there is no objection to having
the papers printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Those papers are very
voluminous. There is quite a bundle.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. I mean only the letter
of the Seereuu y of the Interior and of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to its
being- printed, though the committee have not
passed upon the question, or determined that it
should be considered upon the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the amendments of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ihc amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, be printed, and that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Mon-
day next.
Mr. WILKINSON. I suppose the object of the
Senator from Maine in making his motion was,
that the amendments which have been agreed
upon by the Committee on Indian Affairs should
be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is it.
Mr. WILKINSON. The matter referred to
by the Senator from Kansas has not been agreed
on by the committee, and I do not think it is
proper to insert that with the amendments which
have been decided upon.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator from Minnesota, I desire to say that
the committee have decided the question involved
in this amendment, and it is recommended by the
Secretary of the Intenorand by the Commissioner
of Indian A flairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any such amend-
ment on the table ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then how can it be
printed ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The papers are be-
fore the committee, and I desire the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior and of the Commissionei
of Indian Affairs to be printed with the othei
amendments. That is the object.
Mr. WILKINSON. It was suggested in the
committee that the matter to which the Senator
from Kansas alludes should more properly be in-
troduced in a separate bill by itself. The subject-
matter of it is somewhat different from the other
amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin comprise the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Kansas in his mo-
tion ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, will be on ordering the printing of the amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs, those
already adopted being reconsidered by common
consent, and the motion being that those, together
with those not passed upon, be printed, and that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed
until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 352) to provide for the organization
of a signal corps, to serve during the piesent war
—to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (No. 404) to provide for the deficiency in
the appropriation for the pay of the two and three
yeats voluntceis, and the officers and men actu-
ally employed m the western department—to the
Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (No. 66) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to discharge contractors with
jus Department when they have furnished the
amount estimated m their contracts and^fifty per
cent, additional—to the Committee on Naval Af-
BRANCH MIST IN COLORADO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I tit-sire the Senate now !
to take up a bill lepoited by the Committee on j
Finance to establish a branch mint at Denver, i !
presume there will be no dispute about it, and it !
u is very desnable that it should be disposed ot.
I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (Ii.R. 1
No. 287) to establish a blanch of the Mint of the
United States at Denver, in the Territory of Colo-
rado, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the location and estab-
lishment at Denver of a branch of the Mint of the
United States for the coinage of gold. As soon
as the public interest shall require, upon the nom-
ination of the President, by and with the advice
anil consent of the Senate, there are to be appointed
one superintendent, one assayer, one melter and
refiner, and one coiner; and the superintendent is
to employ as many clerks, subordinate workmen,
and laborers, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, as may be required. The su-
perintendent is to have an annual salary of $2,000;
the assayer, §1,800; the melter and refiner, §1,800;
the coiner, §1,800; and the clerks, subordinate
workmen, and laborers are to have such wages
and allowances as are customary, according to
their respective stations and occupations. The
officers and clerks, before entering upon the exe-
cution of their offices, are to take an oath or affirm-
ation faithfully and diligently to perform the du-
ties of their offices, and are each to become bound
to the United States, with one or more sureties,
to the satisfaction of the Director of the Mint or
the secretary of the Territory of Colorado and of
the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned for the
faithful performance of the duties of their offices.
The general direction of the business of this branch
mint is to be under the control and regulation of
the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, subject
to the approbation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and for that purpose the Director is to pre-
scribe such regulations and require such returns
periodically and occasionally, and to establish
such charges for parting, assaying, refining, and
coining as shall appear to him to be necessary for
the purpose of carrying into effect the intention
of the act, and also for the purpose of preserving
uniformity of weight, form, and finish in the com
stamped al the branch. This branch mint is to be
a place uf deposit for such public moneys as the
Secretary of the Treasury may dnect; and the
superintendent is to have the custody of them and
to perform the duties of Assistant Treasurer; and
for that purpose is to be subject to all the provis-
ions contained in an act, entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the better organization of the Treasury,
and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue," approved
August 6, 1846, which relate to the treastuer of
the branch mint at New Oileans. The superin-
tendent, undcrthe direction of the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, and on terms to be prescribed by him,
may issue, in payment of the gold dust and bullion
deposited for assay and coinage or bars, drafts,
or certificates of deposit, payable at the Trcasui y
orany sub-Treasury of the United States to any
depositor electing to receive payment in that form.
All the laws and parts of laws now m force for
the regulation of the Mint of the Unued States,
and for the govei nmcnt of the officers and persons
employed therein, and for the punishment of all
offenses connected with the Mint or coinage of the
United States are declared to be in full force in
relation to the branch mintestnhlished by the net,
as far as the same may be applicable thereto. The
bill appropriates $75,000 to cairy into effect its
pi ovisions and to meet the expenses of the current
year and for the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
18G3.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know if there
is u sufficient reason for eiuemig upon this new
expense. I had intended to look into the bill more
carefully than 1 have been able to do. 1 did not
anticipate that it would be called up to-d.iy. I
remember some years ago, when there was a prop-
osition to establish a new mint, 1 did look into the
question, and the conclusion at which 1 arrived
then was that it was a departure from good policy
to add to tile number of our mints; that the best
policy was to have only a single mint; that that
policy should not be depaiti-d fiom except oil
special cause; that every new mint adds to our
expense very considerably; that it does more than
that, it introduces an embarrassment m connec-
tion with the coinage of the country. Now, I am
not prepared to go into a consideration of this mat-
ter III detail al this moment: nor do I know that
I shall dei-ni it my duty to oppose this proposi-
tion, but under the eii'euoHtaiices 1 think 1 must
ask that it be postponed. 1 should like to look
into it more; at h ast unless the chaitiuaii of the
Committee on Finance is prepared to state so
strong a case in favor of this bill as to remove all
the doubts which I must confess I do entertain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I can only
say that it has been the policy of the Government
to establish branch mints wherever it has been
thought they were needed on account of the great
yield of gold in particular districts, and their dis-
tance from the existing mints. We have had a
branch mint at New Orleans, without any very
good reason for it that I could ever see. We had
one at Dahlonega, Georgia, and one at Charlotte,
North Carolina; but the yield in those regions was
so small that it became evident they ought to be
abolished. I remember that it was stated by the
late Senator from Georgia, (Mr. Toombs,) here in
debate that he did not regard the mint at Dahlon-
ega as of any consequence to his State at all. I
think that at the time those mints were estab-
lished the yield there did not exceed $500,000 a
year, indeed it never did; and they were at com-
paratively short distances from existing mints,
and where communication wtrs easy. This region,
however, is at a very great distance, and the yield
is large and is increasing very much every year;
and it seems to me to be unwise to compel the
transportation of gold from that section of coun-
try to this coast to be minted, and then to send it
back again in the shape of com to meet the neces-
sities of the Government and the people there.
They have, indeed, found it necessary to estab-
lish private mints.
Tlieie were some statistics laid before the Com-
mittee on Finance which 1 can state to the Senate.
I believe it is now established beyond dispute that
this is a very rich mining tegion, probably as rich
as any. They began but a few years ago; the pro-
duct during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859,
was §4,171 70; the next year it was $622,264 30;
and last year it was §2,091,197 17.
Mr. SUMNER. VVliere do those figures come
from ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. From a letter of the Di-
lectoi of the Mint to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways mid Means. 1 will read the whole
letter:
Mint or thk Hnitcd Statfs, I'hii.a:>kli-iiia,
Janum y 21, 186'i.
Dear : J have received \ out lettei oi tlie 17th mutant,
in t elation to tin1 hiil before \"om committee lor the estab-
lishment of a branch ol the Mint of the United States fit
Denver City, in the Teintory oi Colorado, and ie>pond to
your inquiries in the oidcr presented iri your communica-
tion.
]. The average annual coinage of file branch mint at
DatiluiifiM, Geuigia, ftoni 1846 to 18(50, inclusive, was
K8, and at Charlotte, during the same period,
$r>;>.r>36.
2. The amount of gold received at the Mint and branches
from the region of country now <'inbtacud in the Tctritoiy
of Coioiado since 1859, lite year m which deposits of bul-
lion (mm that section wete fust made, ltd-? been as follows:
Dining fiscal year ending June 30, i .>9  .■$'4.171 70
Dining fiscal year ending June 30, 1^60  603,901 30
Dining iKcal yeat ending June 3D, 1SCJ  2.091.197 17
Since June 3D, 1861, about  1,160,000 00
Total $3,877,633 17
3. The cost of in Colorado would not, it believed,
be greater than at Philadelphia, and loss pcthaps than at
San Fianet-eo. Hut tin; cost ol separating or patting the
silver fiom the gold, prior to coinage, would exceed the ex-
pense attending the "same opctauon here, tor thcieason that
the chemical ariic-le, (nitnc acid being the principal one)
icquiied for that puipo^e would have to be transported
thither at a eon^uietable expense Jthas been thenniiorm
pi act tee, ho we vet - at out nun ting establt fitments, to impose
a "paitiM*" chaigo on the bullion equal to the expenseat-
tending the opeiaiion, and this should be done at the pro-
posed bianch mint. 1 may add, lot yom infoimation, that
the chaig'- for •• p.ittmu/'atJhe principal .Mint and the assay
office. New Ycnk, ts live cents pei ounce gioss, and at the
branch mint. San Fianeisco, fouiteen cents.
4. A pnvate minting establishment for convening the
! natural alloy of gold and silver into com* has been in oper-
' ation at Denver Cuv for a year or two past. One of the firm
ol Mcsm-,. dative, Grubot & Co , by whom u I  conducted,
infoinipd me a --hoit tniK^inci' that then coinage amounted
to about M.xty thousand dollais per annum.
1 had the hoiiot, on the 7ih instant, to addict a commu-
nication to the sSeeietitiy of the Trea-uty in icl.ition to the
hill in question, m which I pie-enled my views a* to tiie
pioptietv of establishing the pi opened h .inch mint, and
MiggeMcd a few aiietatiou- in the hill. The Hectetaty will
no dottbl, on yom application, tunu-.h a copy oi the ^ame.
Vety respectluih, joui obedient ^etvant.
JAMKS POLLOCK,
Director of the Matt.
lion. Tiiaddfus Stf,vi.ns, Chairman oj Committee of
Ways and Means, Wathiiigt^a City.
According to a return from the Department of
the Interior, we send 6,04(3 a year into Now
Mexico. Utv!i, Colorado, IS'ebraska, Dakota, and
Xi.uisa^, Jor th'j payment of annuities to the In-
• duuus, and the sulaucs of superintendents and
