1696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17.
agents. Under these circumstances, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means prepared the bill and sub-
mitted it to the Secretary of the Treasury. He
suggested some modifications, which were adopt-
ed, and returned it, saying:
"With the modifications suggested, I recommend the
passage of the bill as one of great general utility and special
convenience to the people of the Territory of Colorado."
I have also a letter from the Delegate of Colo-
rado Territory, a highly respectable gentleman
whom we all know, in which he states that the
product of this year will probably be about four
millions of dollars, and he thinks the yield will
maintain a proportional increase until it competes
with the product of California. Although the
Territory was settled only in the spring of 1859,
he estimates the population now at from twenty-
five to thirty thousand, allloyal. He gives many
items of intelligence, all of which arc interesting.
Under these circumstances, the Committee on
Finance, in accordance with the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, came unanimously to
the conclusion that it was a wise measure to es-
tablish this mint; that it would be a saving instead
of an expense. The bill passed the House of
Representatives withoutopposition, having been,
I believe, unanimously reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. In view of the facts, it
would seem to be a matter not only of propriety
butnecessity to establish a branch mint at Denver.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time,and passed.
LIEUTENANT CHARLES E. FLEMING.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer a resolution calling for
information, and ask that it be considered now:
Resolved, That the President of the United Suite* be re
quested to communicate to the Senate the testimony and
judgment of the leeent naval court ofinquny in the ea^cof
Lieutenant Charles K. Fleming of the United States Navy ;
also the te>tnn<my and finding of the naval reining hoaid in
the ca>e of said Lieutenant Fleming; and that ho he also
requested to inform the Senate whether or not the judg-
ment and finding aforesaid have been apptoved by him.
Mr. SUMNER. Should not thaj, be with the
limitation, " if not inconsistent with the public in-
terests ?" 1 believe it is not the habit of the Sen-
ate to make a positive call on the President with-
out that limitation.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER, (M r. Foster.)
The resolution cannot be considered to-day unless
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none. The resolu-
tion is before the Senate, and the question is on
its adoption.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rose in season to object
to the consideration of the resolution, but I shall
not do so. I have great reluctance to resolutions
getting up inquiries and trying over again cases
that have been tried in the Navy and the Aimy.
1 do not recognize any such power here, and I
think it is a bad employment of our time. Unless
some purpose can be disclosed different and dis-
tinct from that, I feel it my duty to oppose the
resolution. I do not object to its consideration
now; I am willing to hear what is the purpose of
this inquiry.
Mr. GRIMES. I am very much indebted to
the Senator for calling upon me to state the pur-
pose. I wish to call for a pait of the public his-
tory of the country, and especially of the public
records that relate to the Navy Department. This
Mr. Charles E. Fleming, a lieutenant m the Navy,
was formerly an officer on board the sloop-of-war
Cambridge, which was commanded by Com-
mander Rowan, and was on the Brazil station.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to the considera-
tion of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair put
the question to the Senate whether the resolution
was objocted to, and no objection was made.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood objection
to be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont stated distinctly that he did not ob-
ject to the present consideration of the resolution.
The Chair heard no objection, and stated that the
resolution was before the Senate. It is now too
late to object to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There was an objection,
I understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont disclaimed any intention to object
to the present consideration, although he objected
generally to the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Charges were preferred against
Mr. Fleming for being guilty of drunkenness, as
well as disobedience to the commander of the ves-
sel to which he was attached: he was tried, con-
victed, and expelled from the service. The Senate
of the United States in the plenitude of its mercy
saw fit about eighteen months ago to restore him
to the service, against the protest of some of its
members certainly, and Senators will find that he
is recorded on the Naval Register of last January,
as three hundred and ten on the list of lieutenants,
although he entered the service in 1835. He was
sent to sea as I understand in the Vandalia.
Charges were again preferred against him for in-
temperance*, he was, I have been informed, sent
before a court of inquiry and found guilty. Then
he was sent before the retiring board, and that
board decided that he was incompetent to perform
duty as a naval officer, in consequence of his
former and present habits of intemperance.
I understand these to be the facts. I want to
know whether or not these are the facts. I only
state what I have been tokl. It is due to the ser-
vice that it should be known if they are true; and
it is due to Mr. Fleming, if they are not true, that
it should be known. 1 then want to know whether
or not these findings, if such have been had, have
been confirmed and approved. In other words,
I wish to know whether our vessels of war,
whether the flag of our country, whether the lives
of our seamen are to be placed in the control and
under the direction of men who have been found
by their peers to be grossly derelict in their habits
in this respect,"or whether the Senate is disposed
to exercise its judgment, its prudence, and its cau-
tion in protecting the lives of the people that fight
our battles for us and the honor of our flag. And
I want to know who is responsible for this.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am glad the gentleman
is gratified at the opportunity of making his re-
marks. Having made them, 1 suppose his object
is effected. The gentleman can learn all he de-
sires to know by inquiring at the proper place.
The information is all in the Department, and they
will no doubt be perfectly willing to show it to
him. As to making it part of the history of the
country, I do not think it of importance enough
to enter the biography, cither for credit or dis-
credit, of any individual in the Navy upon ottr
recoids. As to what the Senate are to do about
it, I do not sec that the Senate have anything to
do about it or can do anything about it. If the
man is out of the Navy, very well, if the cause is
sufficient for that; if he is not out of the Navy,
we cannot get him out; if he is improperly out,
we cannot try his case heie. I protest against un-
dertaking anything of this kind—the trial of offi-
cers or printing their biography.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. 1 understood the Senator
from Massachusetts to suggest that the resolution
should be so amended as to embrace the words
which are ordinaiily used when this body ad-
dresses the President asking for information, as
an independent and coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment. I move that the resolution be amended
by inserting the words "if in the judgment of the
President it shall be deemed compatible with the
public interest."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMERcalled for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution, and they were
ordered; and being taken resulted—yeas 23, nays
12; as follows:
YEAS—Mo-cis. Anthony, Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Fes
semien,Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Howard, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane ol Kati^a-, Latham, Moirill, Ne^mith,
Pomeioy, Sheiman, Sumuei, Wade, Wilkuis>uu, WiUey,
and Wught—\>3.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Chandler, Collamer,
1")«ivjs, Doohttle, Hondeisoh. MeDougall, Powell, Sim-
mons, Staik, and Wilson of Missouri—12.
So the resolution was agreed to.
GOOD FRIDAY.
Mr. POWELL. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
To-morrow will be Good Friday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that motion will
not pievail. I do riot see any reason why we
should lose a day at this period of the session,
with so much business before us.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committoeon Finance if (here is
any important business that can be disposed of
to-morrow?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will look
at the Calendar, he will see that there is a great
deal of business. Here is the bill of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois with regard to confis-
cation; that is before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not regard that as
important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It isa matter of opinion;
but gentlemen who have speeches to make on the
subject of course regard their speeches as import-
ant', and it is quite important to the Senate they
should be heard and be finished. For the pur-
pose of saving time, I meiely express my hope
that the Senate will not adjourn over.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to my col-
league that he and myself are both much inter-
ested in very important legislation that can be
taken up to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest also to the hon-
orable Senator from California [Mr. McDougall]
that there is an unfinished matter on which his re-
marks are not finished. He can make them to-
morrow. We shall be happy to hear them at any
moment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will my friend from
Maine allow me to have a time when I can speak,
for I was cut off in my youth yesterday, [laugh-
ter,] and I should like to have permission at some
time to renew it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The longer it is put off
the further he will be from his youth.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then, having the floor,
I move that all other orders be postponed for the
pui pose of fixing a time when I may be permitted
to continue the discussion of the subject that was
up yesterday morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now before the Senate is, that when we adjourn
to-day it be to meet on Monday next. No mo-
tion can be entertained until that is disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. DIXON. I ask
for the yeas and nays on that.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw the motion.
ARREST OF GENERAL STONE.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the resolu-
tion introduced by me in regard to the arrest of
General Stone be now taken up for the purpose
of having it made the special orderforto-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the consider-
ation of this lesolution be fixed, as a special order,
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator had
butter pioceed now. To-morrow at one o'clock
the bill of which the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] has charge comes up, and it ought to
be disposed of. The Senate is now behind the
House of Representatives in its business, and I
hope that this matter will not be put off. It is a
simple resolution of inquiry on which every Sen-
ator no doubt has made up his mind. I think
there will be a unanimous vote upon the resolu-
tion. Its postponement from day to day surely
is not necessary. The Senator can proceed with
his speech to-day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would prefer to speak
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to a postponement.
I think we ou^ht to act on the question now.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I think, sir, that the reso-
lution ought to go to some committee to be con-
sidered before it is passed upon by the Senate. I
do not desire to make any motion which shall
prevent the honorable Senator from California
from finishing the remaiks he desires to make.
They can be made on the motion to refer, or on
the resolution itself; but for myself, my judgment
is that it ought to be referred to a committee and
be considered by a committee before it passes this
body. There is more involved in the question
than appears on the surface. I do not desire to
discuss it now; but 1 notify my honorable friend
from California that I shall, if some other Senator
does not, move the reference of this resolution to
a committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will move
its reference tu a spccial committee, and not to any
committee now organized, I do not know that I
shall object.
