1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
had not got out; but I say now if they begin to
suspect it, I do not want to put the evidence of it
on your statutes; and does this ninth section do
any less than that ? It says to the world that you
have been providing a system of compensation
ten percent, higher than it ought to be, according
to the mathematics of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and about twenty-five per cent, accord-
ing to the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. So far as we are concerned.
Mr. HOWE. That you did it when the Treas-
ury was flush; when the country was easy; when
th« people were not particular about these httle
swindles; but now, in a time of war, when the
country is in trouble, and conscience begins to
operate upon the Legislature, you deliberately pro-
pose to play honest while the war lasts; but as
soon as the war terminates, you propose to turn
dishonest again, and put the salaries up to the dis-
honest figure. Now, driving right at the practical
thing, the reduction of salaries, and the graduating
of them upon the principle of just compensation,
the committee of which the Senator from Ohio is
at the head have taken that work in hand; they
are endeavoring to put your salaries down to what
they ought to be, not during the war, but (luring
all times of war and peace. That is an honest
work. I have not offered, and I shall not offer,
a single objection to any actual, absolute reduc-,
tion of salaries. I do not understand that the
ninth section of this bill has any such tendency.
It is a radically different one. It suggests to the
Senate just this idea: avail yourselves of the legis-
lation proposed by the Senator from Ohio; put
your salaries just where they ought to be; pay to
your employes what they earn as private individ-
uals do, then tax them for all they have got, and
besides doom them to a special sacrifice of ten per
cent, on that amount.
The Senator from Massachusetts has ventured
a prediction, which is, that if he abandons this
section and proposes to tax salaries, I shall object
to it. Now, sir, he has not a particle of reputa-
tion for prophecy that he can afford to put upon
any such prediction as that. Every ounce of rep-
utation he invests in that way is a dead sacrifice.
Whenever he proposes to tax salaries, to tax com-
pensations here, I think I can give him very good
bonds that he will not find me objecting to it. But
he says that I shall be very likely to insist that
they should not be taxed higher than other in-
comes. I shall be likely tolnsist upon that, I
admit; and I really wish the Senator would now,
if he can, point out some reason why the compen-
sation which the Government pays, provided it
is not too high, to its employes, should be taxed
higher than the compensation which ho himself
pavs to his employes, or which a bank pays to
its employes, or than any other income. It is
income, and why should it be taxed more than
other income? If any good reason can be assigned
for it, I certainly shall agree to its being taxed
higher; but if there is no reason why it should be
taxed higher, 1 must object. The Senator says
that the country is passing through a crisis, that
we are encountering a great emergency, and that
sacrifices are called for. Agreed. But I under-
stand there is but one proper mode of imposing
saciifices, and that is by taxation which is equal,
or by voluntary contribution which is in propor-
tion to the liberality and the generosity of the con-
tributors. I know of no other mode of imposing
sacrifices. I have already said that I shall not
object to any rule of taxation whatever; but I do
not understand that there is anything in the pecu-
liar character of this emeigeney, let the severity |
of it be what it may, which calls upon a cleik in |
the Treasuiy Department who receives §1,200 a |
year to be taxed, or to contribute to the emer- i
gency $120, and which calls upon a clerk in the j
banking-house right on the opposite corner, who ]
also receives §1,200 a year, to contribute only j
sixty dollars. *1 do not know anything in the pc- !
euliar character of this extraordinary emergency |
which calls for any such peculiar rule of sacrifice j
as that. If it can be explained to me, I shall oee j
my duty m a new light, and I shall take a differ- j
ent direction.
Now, as to the other question—the present con-
dition of the credit of this country. I do not in-
sist upon that part of the debate; I do not care to
prosecute it any further. As for myself, I have
entire confidence yet. I know the necessity^ of
raising money, and I know the necessity of im-
posing taxes; and that I am ready for it any day
or any hour; as ready as any man, I have not a
particle of doubt; I know it. But 1 do not believe
the country is in any such desperate condition as
we hear represented from day to day. If anybody
finds consolation in differing from me on thatpoint,
I shall certainly accede to him the privilege. I
choose to believe that this country, with its re-
sources, its population, and its wealth, can meet
a rebellion waged in the name of five millions of
impoverished people, and overcome it, and not
stagger in the endeavor. That is the faith that I
choose to entertain, and I do not propose to give
it up for the present.
Mr. SIMMONS. When I made the suggestion,
it was merely a suggestion that this deduction
should be put in the form of a tax. I did not ex-
pect to provoke such a warm harangue as we have
received from the Senator from Massachusetts.
Before I touch that branch of the subject, however,
I merely wish to say to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin that I can see a difference—perhaps I may be
wrongabout it, however—between the salaries of
officers in time of war and in time of peace. Hav-
ing fixed proper permanent salaries for our offi-
cers, I can see a propriety in reducing them dur-
ingtimeofwar. Thatdoesnotpreventyourfixing
them at apropcr rate on a peace establishment. I
can see a propriety of, and I can vote for, a reduc-
tion while the rebellion lasts.
Mr. HOWE. Let me know what that reason
is, if you please.
Mr". SIMMONS. The reason is, that when we
fix the salaries on a proper basis for the country
when it is in ordinary circumstances, they are too
high under the exigencies that now press upon
us; and I would reduce them during that time.
That is my notion.
I have only a few words to say about the pecu-
liar condition of our finances. The Senator from
Massachusetts says that we owe $40,-000,000 and
cannot pay a cent of it. Why can we not pay ?
The reason is that we have no bill levying a tax,
and no bill making an appropriation to pay the
money. Of these §40,000,000 the Senator said
there were but $7,000,000 appropriated. How
can the other $33,000,000 be paid until Congress
appropriates the money J We are waiting for the
other House to pass the appropriation bills, and
I do not think it is altogether in good keeping to
rebuke the Senate for not originating tax bills and
making appropriations. Those bills originate in
the other House; and we certainly have not been
dilatory, so fur us anything has come within my
observation, m passing any bills that have been
sent from the House of Representatives.
A word now as to the ci edit of the Government.
The Senator from Ohio read this morning from a
foreign journal an article to the effect that the credit
of this Government was tottering to its foundation.
I never believed any such thing in my life. I
have a little extract that I put in my pocket this
morning from a paper on the national debt of Eng-
land, written by one of the most distinguished
writers upon political economy in Great Britain. ;
tie says, " the capita! of the British empire is am- |
ply sufficient to liquidate thc^ total national debt j
without impairing either individual or national
resources."
There is a debt of §4,000,000,000 that the best :
writer on political economy in England says can
be instantly reimbursed without impairing the re-
sources of that country. 1 believe it, for the debt
is owing to British subjects. It would only be
changing it from one poi ket to another. It we
hue the money we need of our own countrymen,
as I hope we shall, we shall never impoverish the
country. I know that the Senator ftom Connec-
ticut says that the resources of the British empire
are greater than outs, I doubt it. The cross of St.
George is the acknowledged banner of three hun-
dred millions of people; bat the.resources of Eng-
land arcon a fast anchored lsleand nowheio else
within its dominions, and that island has not the
resources of the United States by any moans. 1 toll
you, if you want to keep up the national credit, have
~ ■ ' '       and
I
faith in your country and your countrymen; ar
they will sustain it. That is all that is wanted,
say that the people of this country are not only
able, have not only the resource^ and the capacity.
but they ore willing to bear the expenses of this war,
whether its termination leaves us with a debt of
$500,000,000, or$l,000,000,000,or$l, 500,000,000;
and they can meet it without excessive taxation.
1 am pained to hear men say that, with the re-
sources of a country like ours, we ore tottering
on the brink of ruin. I do not believe a word of
it. We have never been accustomed to the exac-
tions of the tax-gatherer. We know nothing
about it; we hardly know how to contemplate our
means of payment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from
> Rhode Island does not mean to quote mc as saying1
that this Government was tottering to ruin.
Mr. SIMMONS. No; I said you quoted from
an English paper some comments of theirs, based
on the assumption that that was our condition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated in that connection
that I had no doubt of our resources.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not impute to the Sen-
ator anything that he did not say, certainly, nor
anything that he did not mean, if he said some-
thing from which a contrary inference might be
drawn. When we have not resorted to any one
branch of taxation, except the oidinary one of
customs, and very light at that, is it not strange -
to hear men in the Senate of the United States say
that we have expended our resources and ex-
hausted our means?
The Senator also said that a year or two ago
we had a very trifling debt. As I read history, this
Government ran in debt more than §100,000,000
during the four years of Mr. Buchanan's admin-
istration. When Mr. Buchanan came into power
we had a debt of about twenty-eight millions of
dollars, with twenty-three or twenty-four millions
in the Treasury to pay it. When the present Ad-
ministration came into power the public debt was
$120,000,000. Where did we get that debt from?
The Senate will bear me witness that there has
not been a session since I have been here that T
have not urged a correction of the abuses in the
revenue system, so as to stop the habit of getting
in debt in time of peace. To be sure, I did not
do it successfully; but I did it with all the energy
I was muster of. This Administration started
with a debt of $120,000,000, contracted during
four years of peace; and, what was worse than all
that, our armories were rifh'd of nil the munitions
of war we had. The present loyal States were
$300,000,000 worse off than they were when Mr.
Buchanan came^into power, in point of ability
to carry on a war. We have had to replenish,
and I do not wonder that the country finds itself
obliged to spend a great deal of money.
I am not making these observations to criticise
anybody's conduct, here or elsewhere. I only
say, as 1 said before, that the people of this coun-
try are willing to bear the burdens of this war;
and if you will fiame plans judiciously, you will
have no difficulty as to money. I agree that it
takes time to frame a proper financial policy in
this crisis. I do not want to jump into a plan of
taxation in an hour. I cannot cipher in the cube
root as I could when I was a boy, but I know
that if the mind and energies of this Congress are
directed to the proper method of restoring the
credit of the Government, it will be done. 1 have
intended, when the proper time comes, to call up
a resolution that I offered the other day, which
looks to one instrumentality to bring it about.
The Senator from Ohio this morning referred
to the Bank of England, and its conduct at the
, tune of the wars following the French Revolution.
' The Bank of England in those times had, I think,
. a capital of about eleven million pounds sterling,
i j Us coin was neaily exhausted. In 1797, Mr. Pitt,
) by nil order in council, instructed the bank not to
' pay out anymore coin. Coin was drifting out of
the country, and it was necessary to n sort to
1 some plan to stop that drain. By vni ious devices,
! by the combination of the banks, the creditor
\ class, to ivc( ive bills of the Bank of England m
| payment of ail debts, those bills passed current.
'! England went through a war of fifteen years, and
j daring that time her public stocks rose fifty per
.cent.' We can do the same tiling here. The next
!; year after the order to which I have referred was
! issued, in 1798, the consolidated debt of England
was not worth more than fifty cents on the dollar,
| and when the war closed it was seventy-eight.
:i That was one of the most protracted and txpen-
| sive wars ever wag-'d upon the face of the earth,
i and ail the resources to carry it on were drawn
| from a little island not as big as the State of New
! York; and during ail that time it maintained its
! credit and kept up a commerce such as no other
• nation had ever enjoyed. Look at the reduction
