THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 18653.
New Series No. 167.
by the Kxccutive of the G-euerai Government.
The appointment of all the officers of volu nteers
and militia is reserved by the Constitution to the
States. There have been several cases where sol-
diers have called upon me to be discharged—sol-
diers who were evidently unable to continue in
the service, and the only answer I could give
them was, " go to the surgeon and get his certifi-
cate that you arc unable." They generally re-
plied to me, "I do not know him; and when I go
lam put aside. 1 cannotcommunicate with him."
I think the meaning and intent of the original
frame and organization was, that the surgeon was
to come from the neighborhood of the regiment,
be known to them, and responsible to them, and
appointed by the State officers. I think if that
^as done, these men could be discharged. You
put a strange surgeon over them, and lie p#ys no
attention to them.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think the answer meets
the difficulty that I have in view. I found men
from various regiments and various States in the
same hospital, and there was the surgeon imme-
diately before them.
Mr. GRIMES. I can answer the question.
Mr. CLARK. I wish you would.
Mr. GRIMES. Some time in the month of
April, I do not know on what day the law was
approved, we authorized the creation of a new
grade of officers called medical inspectors; and the
Senator from Massachusetts told us it was very
essential that the bill should be passed imme-
diately, so that those men could be appointed at
once to go around and attend to the very business
to which the Senator from New Hampshire has
now called the attention of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. The act was approved on the
1 Gth of April.
Air. GRIMES. That was nearly two months
ago. Those appointments have not yet been
made.
Mr. BROWNING. Oh, yes.
Mr. GRIMES. All of them have not been
made yet. Only a portion of the appointments
have been made, and they were not made until the
present week. It was the business of the medi-
cal depat tment of the Army to see to it that those
men were appointed for this very business. It
was made their business to go and inspect the
hospitals, see who was there, see what condition
the men were in, whether it was for the interest
of the Government that they should be discharged
or not; and if it was necessary that they should
be discharged, then to secure their discharge and
put them on their way to their homes. That has
been the difficulty. It has not been the fault of
Congress. We have made all the appropriations
necessary, we have created ail the officers neces-
sary, and I want the responsibility to fall where
it belongs.
Mr. CLARK. I did not suppose it was the
fault of Congress; I did not suppose we had the
power to discharge men; but I wanted to call the
attention of the Senate to the subject in this pub-
lic manner, so that somebody who had the power
should use it. I am free to confess that 1 think
the surgeon of the hospital was very much to
blame. He knew that thesp men wanted to be dis-
charged, and when I called his attention to it, he
frankly admitted that they ought to be discharged,
and yet. he gave no certificate on which they couid
be discharged.
Several Senators. Why?
Mr. CLARK. He said he would do it when
he had time. He seemed to want them to parade
about the hospital, and to think that the more he
had the better. He acknowledged that the men
ought to go home. Some of them were gross
cases of hernia, where the men would be utterly
unfit for service.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. "Will the Senator
from New Hampshire permit me a moment?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Soldiers could only
be discharged, under the law as it existed at the
beginning of this session, by the consent of the
commanding officer of the post or division. The
167
War Department has now issued an order, in
pursuance of a law that we have recently passed,
declaring that the medical inspectors shall bo
permitted also to discharge them. They are dis-
charged upon surgeons' certificates, but the sur-
geons themselves cannot discharge until the cer-
tificate has passed the approbation of the com-
manding officer. I think that when the eight
medical inspectors are appointed and enter upon
their duties, there will be no difficulty hereafter
about discharging soldiers.
Mr. CLAliK. I was not mistaken on that
point. I did not suppose they were to be dis-
charged by the surgeon; but I heard the Secretary
of War say he would not discharge unless he had
the certificate of the surgeon that the men ought
to be discharged. These men want their papers;
they want the certificate of the surgeon that they
are sick and broken down; and then they can be
discharged.
Mr. LANE of Indiana. The provision here-
tofoic was that commanding generals alone could
consent to the discharge of soldiers. We have
made provision now that the eight medical in-
spectois may give their consent, and to that
extent, at least, the discharge of sick soldiers will
be facilitated.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to follow
this digression in relation to the discharge of sol-
diers; perhaps it is not involved in the character
of this bill; but I think the bill ought to pass if
wc have the constitutional power to pass it, but if
there are constitutional objections to it, we should
have a bill of some other kind to which there is no
constitutional objection.
There is no trouble aboutgetting surgeons; but
owing to the difficulties thrown in the way, they
are not always where they are wanted. I happen
to know that within a month past, a State of this
Union sent a large corps of surgeons down to the
Army, anticipating a great battle,and when they
ariived there, from "red tape," or some other
cause, it was impossible for them to be employed,
and after spending some ten days in fruitless
efforts to get forward to the Army and be of ser-
vice, they turned back to the State from which
they were sent, without having an opportunity
of ministering to the wants of their neighbors and
fellow-ck.zetis who fell wounded upon the field
of battle, and some of whom may have died m
consequence of not having medical assistance.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am not
surprised that Senators should have expressed
themselves as they have in regard to the manage-
ment of the Army,and especially in regard to the
management of the medical department of the
Army. There has come to us during this whole
session from the hospitals and camps a wail of
woe; there has come also from the camps and
hospitals a loud and strongcomplaint against the
management of the medical department of the
Army. We have undertaken to correct abuses
which we thought existed, and to supply deficien-
cies. We have passed a medical bill, and made a
new Surgeon General. We have authorized the
appointment of inspectors,and clothed them wuh
certain poweis. Those inspectors have not all
been appointed; some of them have been and are
now befoie the committee, and will probably be
acted upon in a very short time.
By the law of last summer raising these volun-
teers, we authorized the appointment of a regi-
mental surgeon and assistant surgeon by the Gov-
ernors of the States. These men go with their
regiments into the field; they belong to theiriegi-
mcnt; they aie to take care of the men of their
regiment when in camp and in the regimental
hospital. That is their place; that is the theater
of their duty. Then we provided that the Federal
Government might appoint brigade surgeons, and
we have had a large number of brigade surgeons
appointed; 1 think more brigade surgeons than we
have brigades. I think there must be now at least
two hundred brigade surgeons of volunteers in the
field. Besides, we passed a bill increasing the
number of surgeons and assistant surgeons of the
regular Army.
But, sir, afi this is insufficient. We have in
the country to-day a vast number, an immense
army, of sick and wounded men. Our hospitals
in the East and in the West are full of men who
are sick, who are broken down, and as the sum-
mer comes on the number will be increased. I
have no doubt tens of thousands of the men now
in the field able to perform their duty will, within
the next three months, be forced to the hospitals.
Feeling this want, the Government asks for the
appointment of forty additional surgeons, who
are to have the rank and pay of brigade surgeons,
and one hundred and twenty assistant surgeons,
who are to have the same rank as assistant sur-
geons in the regular Army. They ask for these
appointments. 1 have no doubt that we have the
power to give them, and I have no doubt that the
wants of the soldiers demand them.
Now, a word in regard to the question put by
the Senator from New Hampshire. The Senator
asks why more of those sick men are not dis-
charged. While there is complaint that many
sick men are not discharged, there is also com-
plaint that a great many are discharged or fur-
loughcd by the action of surgeons who ought
not to be. It is intimated by some very compe-
tent judges that there are of the sick and wounded,
and men who have retired, nearly a hundred thou-
sand men in the hospitals and at home, and that
there are now some thirty or forty thousand men
who are at home on furlough who are fit for duty
and ought to be back with their regiments, and
the Government has been exerting all its influenco
within the last few days to bring back into the
service every man who is fit to come back into it.
I know it is the desire of the Government to
discharge the men in the hospitals; but there are
great difficulties in obtaining the discharges. In
the first place, the officers of our volunteers are
very careless about the forms. Many men are
sent to the hospitals, and the descriptive lists do
not go with them. A soldier called on me this*
morning to get his discharge, but ho had no de-
scriptive list. He ought to bedischarged; I think
he can live but a shoit time; and yet he was per-
mitted to be sent from near Richmond to Wash-
ington without his descriptive list.
Mr. NESMITH. I will suggest to the chair-
man of the committee that that is the fault of the
company officers, not of the surgeons.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I admit that.
I have just said that the company officeis of vol-
unteers were very careless about tins. There are
to-day i n the hospitals scattered through the coun-
try thousands of men who have not their desctip-
tive lists with them, and they must be had before
they can be paid. The other day, several hun-
dred men were sent to New York, weie received
there, and then sent to their homes by the charity
of the people, the Government owing some of
them several months' pay; but they had not their
papers with them; they were not then in a condi-
tion to be immediately paid. They were anxious
to get home; the chaiityof the people sent them
home; and now they have to be hunted up and the
Government ha? to go through ail the trouble of
paying them, or they must go without their pay.
The truth is, there is a vast deal ofdifficulty made
in these matters by not following red tape. We
hear a great deal in the country against red tape;
but I tell you, a great deal of expense and agreat
deal of suffeiing have been caused in this war be-
cause we have not followed stuctly the forms, and
because men have not peifot mod their whole duty
m regard to these forms. Red tape may some-
times stand in the way; but I venture to say the
Government has lost one hundred to one by not
following the prescribed forms.
In regard to the discharge of the men here, I
hope the Government will use all us influence to
discharge all the men who are unfit to perform
their duties. I know that at the War Office this
is their desire; but there are gioat practical diffi-
culties in the matter. I hope when we get these
inspectors, if we evergetthemappointed and con-
firmed, that they will take hold of this matter as
they ought to do, and that we shall clear these
