1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IT,
dp pass,.Senate bill (No. 229) to provide for the
administration of the oath of allegiance to Ameri-
can citizens in foreign countries; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Unipn, and ordered to be printed.
FRANCES ANN MeCATJLEY. ¥
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Frances Ann
McCauley; which was read a first and second
time,referred^aQommitlee of the Whole House,
and, wklHfte accompanying report, ordered to be
BOOKS TO SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Library, reported a
joint resolution to supply the Smithsonian Insti-
tution with volumes of Wilkes's Exploring Ex-
pedition; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the officer in charge
of the Library of Congress to furnish to the officers
in charge of the Smithsonian Institution a copy
of each of the volumes of the Exploring Expedi-
tion of Captain Wilkes now in the library.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and beingongrnssod, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latt&cmotion was ^£reed to.
^Mf. F. A. CONKLING^ I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular oidei of busi-
ness is the consideration of the unfinished report
of the Committee on the Judiciary.
AltllY MEDICAL DKL'AIiTM K.\T.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask thegentleman from
New York to withdraw his demand for one mo-
ment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw for the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. McPl IERSON, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Rcsoli-aK That two thousand e\tra copies of the hill to
increase the eflicioney of the medical depaitment ol the
Army, as finally passed, be punted loi Hie u^c 01 the Ilou^o.
LKAVB OX' ABSENCE TO A .MICMUEK.
Mr. DUNLAP. My colleague, Mr. Wads-
worth, has been called homo on account of sick-
ness in his family. 1 ask leave of absence for him.
Leave was granted.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the gentleman from
New York to give way to ine for one moment.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. I decline tu give way.
KNU0LM3D HILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Hills, reported as truly enrolled an net (II.
R. No. 252) making additional appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending .1 une 30,1862;
when the Speaker signed the same.
CONFISCATION OF 11KIS15L PltOI'MllTY.
Tin: SPEAKER. The next business in oider
is the consideration of the bills and resolutions
icported fiom the Committee on the Judiciary,
relative to the confiscation of the propel ty of rebel's,
as follows; the question being on the motion of
Air. Pendlhion to lay them nil on the table:
A bill (H. It. No. 120) to foifeit the proputy
and slaves of person^ whoshall engage in, or aid
and abet, aimed rebellion against the United
States;
A bill (PI. U. No. 107) to forfeit (he property
and slaves of persons who shall engage in, or
aid and abet, armed rebellion against the United
States;
A bill (II. It. No. 106) to facilitate the sup-
pression of icbeliion and prevent its leturn;
A bill (H. R. No. 110) making it a penal offense
for any officer or private of the Army or Navy to
capture or return, or aid in the capture or return,
of fugitive slaves;
A bill (II. It. No, 128) to punish treason, and
to provide a more effectual mode for the collec-
tion of taxes imposed by Congress, and to fur-
nish a fund to remunerate the losses of loyal cit-
izens, and to provide homesteads for soldiers
employed in suppressing the present rebellion;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 11) relative to the
right and duty of the President in regard to per-
sons held as slaves in any military district in a
state of insurrection;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 13) concerning the
rebellion;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 14) in relation to
persons claimed as slaves in the States now in
rebellion;
Joint resolution (PI. It. No. 15) in relation to
the confiscation of the property of rebels;
Joint resolution (II. H.No.18) to facilitate the
suppression of the rebellion and prevent its re-
turn;
A resolution (Mis. Doc. No. 9) as to the pow-
ers of the President of the United States over the
Army and Navy;
A resolution (Mis. Doc. No. 3) relative to the
confiscation of the property of rebels;
A resolution on the subject of military orders
for the return bf slaves;
A resolution relative to the expediency of mak-
ing void all sales, transfers, and dispositions of
property of every kind, by persons engaged in
insurrection against the United States; and
Joint resolution (PI. R. No. 54) in relation to
the powers of the President of the United States.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
various bills and joint resolutions, commencing
where he had left off yesterday.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I understand that
the motion is to lay these bills and resolutions on
the table. I move to dispense with the reading of
them till the result of that motion is known. It
will save a gre^t deal of time.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understand that one of
these lulls has not been letnrned from the printer.
Would it be in order to move to postpone their
consideration?
The SPEAKER. Yes; the Pacific railroad bill
is a special older lot to-day.
Mi. IIICKMAN. 1 move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed tiUThurs-
' d\]r!vAI.LANDTGFTAM. What, subject is it?
The SPEAKER. The bills and resolutions
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. is that in order
while a motion to lay on the table is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
oider to move to postpone.
Mi. VALLAND1GHAM. While a motion
to lay on the table is pending? I call for the
reading of l he rule.
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone is not
in order pending a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. That is what I
undeistood the rule to be.
PACIFIC UA1UIOAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Pacific railroad bill. Before that
motion is put, 1 move that the general debate on
the bill be closed in one hour after its considera-
tion shall have been resumed m committcc.
Mr. COX. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is m order to move to close
debate at any time.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union while this other matter is ponding?
The SPEAKER. It is in order at any time.
Mr COX. While a motion to lay on the table
is pending?
The SPEAKER. It makes no difference.
The question was taken on the motion to close
debate; and there were, on a division—ayes 45,
noes 40.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If any persons wish to have
general debate on this bill, i will withdraw my
motion. F understood that only two gentlemen
wished to speak on the bill, and that they could
both epcak within the hour. If gentlemen wish
to run on in general debate, I have no objection.
1 withdraw the motion.
The question was taken on the motion to go
into committee; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hickman
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration, as
a special order, of the bill (H. R. No. 3G4) to aid
in constructing a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure to the Government th£ use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes; on which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Loyejoy] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to make a fancy speech on this railroad ques-
tion. I am desirous, as I suppose every one is, if
it bo possible, and if the country is thought to be
in a situation to do it, to have this railroad built.
If we are to expend sixty, or eighty, or one hun-
dred millions of dollars for this purpose, we ought
to try and obtain the best possible bill. 1 pro-
pose to glance at some of the sections of the bill,
and to present some objections to it which have
occurred to me on looking it over.
In the first place, Mr. Chairman, this bill seems
to vie with and to outdo that coat of historical
notoriety which an old patriarch got up for his
beloved son. It is, indeed, equal to any of the
quilts which young latfies used to get up when we
were younger than we are now. In other words,
as near as I can gather, this bill has been got up
on the plan of what is familiarly called log-roll-
ing, to suit some six, or eight, or ten railroad com-
panies; to get the votes which represent" this rail-
road interest, that railroad interest, and the other
railioad interest. It is supposed that unless the
interests of these different railroad companies arc
conciliated, no bill can secure votes enough to be-
come a law. That is the general idea of the bill
which I have obtained in reading it over, and I
think I am correct in the conclusions to which I
have arrived.
It is provided in the first section that " no per-
son shall be allowed to subscribe for an amount
of stock beyond the actual value of his or her es-
tate.'5 That is merely dechuatory. It seems to
be a piohibition; but there is no penalty attached
to a violation of the provision. It is mere pre-
cept, without penalty, and therefore it has no
validity or force whatever.
The second section exempts all the lands from
taxation perpetually, as I understand it. This is,
I believe, an unheard-of feature. It never has
been introduce d into any of the railroad grants
made so bountifully, not to say lavishly, by Con-
gross heretofore. I think 1 am correct in that.
At least, I know of no instance where kinds given
fot the purpose of constructing a railroad have
ever been exempted from taxation. This bill is
objectionable on that ground.
Jn the third section it is provided that—
" Whenever, prior to said time, any of said section*, or
parts of sections, shall have been gold, pi eempt^d, or other-
wise disposed of, or wlien the wuue alia!! be iniuei&I laiuh,
or be worthless, other land-* shall bi> selected by said corn-
pan v in lieu thcieol', undei the direction of the Secretaiy
of the Interior, and as near as may be to the line ol said
iadioad."
Now, it is understood that these lands are, to a
very great extent, not valuable. Ifi other words,
they will come under the designation of" woith-
less," and in that case the company is empow-
ered to select any lands they choose within the
United States. And this large donation, I take it
for granted, without resorting to any very ex.ict
estimate, would absorb a very large portion, I will
not say proportion, of the public lands belonging
to the United States, but certainly a very huge
amount; rendering the beneficent, or intended be-
neficent icsults, of the homestead policy entirely
nugatory.
The fouith section of this bill allows this com-
: pany to build any forty miles anywhere. Now,
" T desire to call the attention of the committee es-
pecially to this objection, which, if it be coi rectus
1 state it, should be an insuperable -objection to
the bill'. This fourth section allows this company,
as soon as they have completed any forty miles
of this road, or of these roads—for there are some
five or six of them contemplated by this net—-I say
whenever a company has built any forty miles ot
any one of these roads, it is to receive the amount
of money donated by the bill, and it is not even
necessary that any two sections of forty miles
shall connect with each other. They may be en-
tirely independent of each other. It allows them
to build a road^irough Kansas; it allows them to
build three or four branches through Kansas and
other States, over lands that are valuable, and
where the country can be and will be settled;
where the road would pay private capital to build
