2658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
hospitals of men, many of whom can neveragain
be Titled for the duties of the field.
Mr. FOSTER. I trust the bill will pass, al-
though it wiii ma ice some change as to the appoint-
ing power of surgeons of volunteers. Those sur-
geons, except the brigade surgeons, have hitherto
been appointed,as it has already been suggested,
by the Governors of States. The regimental sur-
geons have ail been thus appointed, and so far as
we can judge from the experience we have had,
I think thata change may be made in the appoint-
ing power without risk; for the surgeons who have
been appointed by State authority—I will not say
generally,but in numerous instances—have proved
wholly incompetent and inefiicientproperly to dis-
charge their duties both in the field and in hos-
pitals. There has been a vast deal of suffeiing
among our volunteers, not merely from the want
of surgeons, but by means of ignorant and un-
skillful surgeons, men who know little or nothing
of their profession, men who could not perform or-
dinary operations, and were wholly unfit for their
positions. Many men have been operated upon
and died rather by the surgeon than of the wounds
received from the enemy. They have been neg-
lected shamefully in many instances after being
wounded, before there was any attempt by the
surgeons to perform operations,and when that has
been done, it has not unfrequently been done so
bunglingly as to cause the death of the patient.
Why, sir, at the battle of Winchester, which
took place weeks ago—it was fought on a Sun-
day—there were some hundreds of killed and
wounded, I cannot state the precise number, but
it amounted to hundreds, and some of these
wounded men lay until the eighth and ninth day
before their wounds were dressed. Some oft hose
wounded, after lingering thiee, four, five, and six
days, their wounds never dressed at all, never
touched, died*, died in the clothes they had on
when brought from the battle-field, without hav-
ing them changed, and were so buried. Others
were dressed and operated upon on the seventh,
eighth, and ninth day, and died, as it was almost
certain they must, having become so exhausted
that they could not bear a painful and dangerous
operation. Out of more than thirty amputations,
all but four had died at the last accounts 1 re-
ceived.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. What was
the reason of that ?
Mr. FOSTER. Either the want of competent
surgeons, or the ignorance and unskillfulness of
those in attendance. After many of the operations
the patients died, when perhaps they might have
lived if they had not been touched by the surgeons.
Some of the surgeons were in such a condition that
they were unfit to perform opeuuions even if they
had had the requisite skill and knowledge of then-
profession. If the committee on the conduct of the
war would examine into that matter, they would
find that it was not true that all the cruelties which
have been practiced during this war have been
practiced hymen in rebellion against the Govern-
ment. One of the wounded at Winchester had
his leg amputated, and was laid down upon the
floor near the door of the room. A surgeon soon
after came in and told him to get up, and when
told by the poor man that his leg was just taken
off, and he could not get up, (he suigc'ou kicked
him because he was in his way ! Ho was, as may
be supposed, too drunk to know what he was
doing.
There are now as many—I speak of a large num-
ber, but I speak advisedly—as many as fifteen
thousand men in the hospitals of the United States
who ought to be discharged and go home, but who
are still kept in the hospitals and are not dis-
charged, thus operating as a serious evil in two
ways — first, an expense, an enormous and un-
necessary expense to the Government, thus keep-
ing them when there is no hope that they can
render service; tuid secondly, by excluding an
equal number of men who are so situated as to
require to be in hospital, but who cannot be placed
there because these beds are occupied by men who
ought to be discharged.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from: Connecticut in reference to the statement
he has just made of the treatment our wounded
soldieis have received, that the individuals who
have been guilty of that conduct ought to be
named, to the end that the charge might not rest
upon the whole medical staff, and also that those
who committed them should be known to the
country.
Mr. FOSTER. I believe the persons I allude
to have been already discharged. The facts 1 have
detailed took place at Winchester soon after the
battle theie, which occurred many weeks ago. 1
am not disposed to pursue this matter further than
to say this bill ought to pass; and I quite agree
with the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs that it is not entirely owing to
" red tape" that difficulties and evils exist in the
service. I agree with hiin that if there had been
a little more attention to what is called " red tape,"
meaning by that order and regularity in proceed-
ing, both in the military and medical departments
of the Army, much evil would have been avoided.
Why, sir, men have come to hospitals in this
city so sick and so disabled as to be unable to
speak; sometimes so desperately wounded that
they could not tell their names; without any de-
scriptions of themselves—unable, of course, to give
any description of themselves—and they have
lingered in the hospitals, died,and been buried as
unknown men. Their names, even, could not be
ascertained, and now the records of your hospitals
will show that men died and were buried unknown.
That has happened within ten days in this city.
Men have been buried without a name,even.
These men, cettainly, have not suffeied as they
have on account of44 red tape." If there had been
a little "red tape " used, sufficient to have had
this man described, his name given, his family
and friends would not linger on for months, and
perhaps years, without hearing of him or knowing
what has become of him. Here are years of sus-
pense for the families of every one of these men
who have died and been buried under these cir-
cumstances, for their names will not be discovered;
their friends will never know what has become of
them. It is the suspense of years before affection
will give up the hope of the return of these un-
known dead men. Sir, if there were a little more
"red tape," and not quite so much taunt and
sarcasm thrown upon those who think it best to
have some order and method in business, I think
it would be well. I hope the bill will pass, and
that men of more skill, more character, and higher
standaid of qualification, will be introduced into
the service.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 will state
that the Adjutant General or the Department has
written over and over again to officeis in the field
in regard to makingthese proper returns. Blanks
have been sent to them for these purposes. I do
not say everything has been done that could be
done; nut 1 say a great deal has been done to im-
press upon officers who have the management of
men the importance of conforming to the laws,
the rules, and the regulations; and it is the neglect
of this that has brought so much suffering and so
much wrong upon many of the men intrusted to
the care of these officers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MKSSACJE FROM TOE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution:
A bill (II. R. No. 409) making appropriations
for postal service on post loutcs established at the
presont session of Congress;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) transferring the west-
ern gunboat fleet from the War to the Navy De- ''
partment; and
A joint resolution (H.R. No. 82) establishing I
a professorship of the German language in West
Point Academy. [j
The message also announced that the House of ;j
Repteseniauves had agreed to the amendment of '!
the Senate to joint resolution of the House (No. ;j
j 68) authorizing the payment of certain moneys
j heictofore appropriated for the completion of the ii
Washington aqueduct. jj
JiXKOLLIiD BILL SIGNED.
The message furthet announced that the Speaker ii
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H. It. No. 68) author- !|
izing the payment of certain moneys heietofore |i
appiopriuted for tiie completion of the Washing- ,!
ton aqueduct; and it was signed by the Vice
President. ii
ULYSSES S. GRANT.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 354)
for the relief of Lieutenant Ulysses S. Grant.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs that in the settlement of the
accounts with the Treasury of Lieu tenant Ulysses
S. Grant, as commissary and regimental quarter-
master fourth infantry, there shall be allowed to
him the sum of $1,000 on account of the loss of
that amount of public funds in his hands by theft
on the night of the 16th of June, 1«48, the loss
being without neglect or fault on his part. If his
accounts have been fully settled at the proper ac-
counting office of the Treasury, and the amount
of $1,000accounted for, then and in that case there
shall be paid to him the sum of $1,000.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report
made in the House of Representatives. Does the
Senator call for its reading?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read the following report, mad$
by Mr. Richardson, in the House of Represent-
atives, on March 3J, 1862:
The Committee on Mihtnry Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Lieutenant U. S. Grant, having luid
the slum; under considetatiou, be# leave to rcpoit:
Lieutenant U. ti. Grunt wa^ quaitcrmnster for the fourth
infantry in 18-17 and 3848. At Tacubayi, Mexico, Lieu-
tenant Giant had .$1,000 in silvei, belonsingto the quartcr-
inastei "a depaitment; theioekon Ins trunk being bioken,
and havim,'noplace of «eennty in which to keep the money, #
he deported the entire amount in the trunk of Captain
Gore, an officer of the same regiment. Subsequently, the
tiunk of Captain Goto \v<td stolen from Gore'  tent, with
the money in it, and other effects.
The facts, as here set foith, are fully established by the
sworn statement of Lieutenant Grant, as also ot the tesu-
inonyof Captain Gore and Lieutenants Jones and De Itussey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has this bill been before
a committee of this body?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; it is reported from the
Committee on Claims.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know the reason
why tins claim, which occurred in 1848, comes up
now, for the first time, in fourteen years after-
wards, in ]862? If there is any explanation of it,
I should like to hear it. If there is not, I have a
word or two to say against the claim.
Mr. HOWE. I confess myself wholly unable
to explain why the claim has not come here be-
fore. The papers on file, I think, show very con-
clusively why it comes here now, and why it
might properly have come some years before.
Mr. HALE. It had better lie over. I think I
can see why it comes now. It comes because tha
man's name is Ulysses S. Grant. If it had not
been for that, H would not have been here now
after fourteen years have elapsed. I think there
aie some cheumstances about it that ought to ex-
cite a little suspicion. The facts, it is said, are
sworn to and proved pretty conclusively by the
testimony of Grant.
Mr. CLARFC. And three othe r witnesses.
Mr. HALE. I wish that it might lie over. I
think it ought to be looked into.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that there is any
objection to the bill lying over for a little while,
if Senators desire to look at it. I desire to say,
in behalf of the committee, that the facts as stated
there appealed to be proved to them. There was
no intimation why ithad notappeared before,and
no paiticular proof in regaid to that matter. It
was the first time the committee had heard of it,
and they judged upon the evidence before them.
The facts seemed to be abundantly proved, and
they were unanimous in regaid to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 .should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshire whethci the
papers show when it was first presented here. It
may have been presented repeatedly in Congiess.
Mr. CLARK. T lie question did not arise, and
there was nothing showing anything in regaid to
it before the committee. The committee turned
their attention to see whether the facts stated were
proved, and they found they were, the bill having
previously passed the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have never looked into
thy case, though f have no doubt it is all coriect.
I was infoimed by one of my colleagues m the
House of Representatives, that a bill of this kind
had passed the House, and that it was a just
