1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.071
to be confined to the continuance of the robelkpn,
I shall offer my amendment as a distinct section,
to operate not only during the rebellion, but for all
corning: time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a question
now pending, and the amendment is not therefore
in order at present.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I will offer it when
it is in order.
I desire to say one single word in reply to my
friend from Illinois. Tins bill goes on to tax ull
those perquisites of the officers of the Army and
Navy under which such great abuses have grown
up. it strikes down tins obtaining money under
the name of forage, by providing that they shall
receive their forage in kind and not in money. It
reduces the mileage of the officers of the Army; it
attacks their-perquisites; and I say to my honora-
ble friend that I have notgot the face to meet these
officers of the Army and say, 4< I can attack your
petquisitcs and take them from you, while at the
same time and bearing on the same subject, and
perfectly germane to this bill, the object of which
is to lop off these abuses, I am unwilling to strike
at my own." i say that our first duty is to strike
at our own, whatever we are going to do, and let
us be done with it and have it out of the way, and
then we can go right on in reforming all other
abuses. I shall offer this amendment when it be-
comes in order as a distinct section, and then it
will not embanass any section of the bill. If it
should be adopted, and the House should object
to if, ihey caii strike out that section, and the bill
will stand as it is, and it will not embarrass any-
body.
JVir. DIXON". Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope my friend from Con-
necticut will allow the vote to be taken on the
amendment, to which there is no objection.
Mr. DIXON. I thought there was an amend-
ment to the amendment pending.
Mi. SHERMAN. I have offeicd one, to which
thou; is in> objection.
Mr. DIXON. 1 have only one single word to
eny in leply to the Senator from Illinois. That
Senator says that what the people want is not
taxation but fighting; not taxation but victory;
not the expenditure of money, but of bloou.
Well, sir, 1 think the Senator is partially right.
I think the people want both. They demand both.
They demand taxation on the part of the Govern-
ment, and fighting on the part of the A t my. They
demand that Congiess shall leave fighting alone,
and shall proceed to Ugidation, to taxation; and
that the Auny shall atund to fighting and leave
legislation alone. That is what the people want
—both these things—taxation and victory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator fiom
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to amend the bill by adding
an additional section.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, I desiiebe-
fore that numendment is offered to perfect this
section, by inserting in the fourth line, after the
words " United States," the words " except upon
the compensation of the President of the United
States, and the judges of the courts of the United
States." I offer that to avoid the constitutional
difficulty which has been suggested.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to say oue word upon this
subject. 1 agree with the Senator from Illinois,
that whenevei theie is en opportunity of intro-
ducing retrenchment it ought to be taken advan-
tage of. My legislative expedience teaches me this
truth, that it is one of the most difficult things in
legislation to produce anyihmglike retrenchment;
and I have never known a proposition for re-
trenchment to be made that was not sought to be
defeated by arguments that it was not the proper
time and the pioper occasion for making it.
I understand the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs io state that the Government is
now indebted <£40,000,000, and has no means ot
paying it. 1 piesume the Government will need
at least $300,000,000 in the next six months. The
question is, how is the Government to raise that
amount of money? Gentleman say it should
be raised by taxation. Sir, you cannot raise
$300,000,000 in six months by taxation; and the
Governmentcannotgetalong withoutthata mount.
Well} how are you to raise it? You are to raise
it upon the admitted principles of finance; and
they are these in part: when Government bor-
rows money enough taxation must be imposed to
pay the interest upon (he amount borrowed, and
to create a sinking fund. To raise this $300,000,000
of money in the coming six months, the Govern-
ment must issue its own paper, flow are you to
protect that paper, and to prevent a financial crisis
from coming on the Government? That is the
question in my rnmd.
1 agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts
that the danger of a financial crisis in the Govern-
ment is now imminent; and it is only to be averted
by the prudence and the skill of the Congress of
the United States. How is this prudcnco to be
exercised for the purpose of protecting the credit
of the Government, and to avert this financial
crisis? You must impose taxes to the uttermost
convenient limit which the people can pay; and
it seems to be agreed on all hands that about one
hundred and fifty millions is the utmost sum which
can be raised by taxation. A large amount of that
sum must be absorbed in the payment of accruing
interest. How is the residue of the $300,000,000
to be raised? It must be raised by an issue of
Government paper in some form or other. If the
Government is n duced to the necessity of issuing
its paper to raise this amount of money, what
measures ate necessary and essential to prevent
that paper from assuming a sort of continental
form, and being greatly reduced in value? In my
opinion, it is essential to sustain the ci edit of this
Government paper that it should bear interest,
and that that interest should bo paid in gold and
silver; and, in addition to that, you must make
the Government paper itself a legal tender m the
payment of debts.
There are three things necessary to protect and
preserve the Government, in my opinion. One is,
to levy the largest amount of tax that the people
can conveniently pay; and I believe §150,000,000
is that hunt. It might piobably be laised to
$200,000,000- You must issue a paper that bears
an interest, and you must make that interest pay-
able in gold and silver. You must make a por-
tion of this paper a Irgal tender, and you must
pass laws th.it will compel men to receive that
paper in the discharge ot debts in order to sustain
the cicdit of the Go\eiement.
But, Mr. Pn sident, theie is another measure
which (lie Senator fi otnOluo and t lie Senator from
Massachusetts have laid befoie the Senate in their
speeches upon the piesent occasion. You must
introduce retrenchment. In proportion as you re-
trench you save money to the Government. You
economize to the extent that you tetrench. Now,
sir, whenever there is an opportunity for retrench-
ing pi operly and justly, in the form of a measure
presented to the Senate, I am always ready and
willing to vote for it. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, in my judgment, has offered such a
proposition. I am for, carpe diem, seizing the oc-
casion, and making the occasion as the occasion
arises. It is very difficult to get subjects on which
to retrench; and when they are fcdily up, as on
the present occasion, in my judgment the Senate
ought to avail itself of the opportunity.
The Senator from Ohio and the Senator froni
Massachusetts both seem to have investigated
these subjects, and to have given them spccial at-
tention. I think they have shed a flood of light,
and especially the gentleman fiom Ohio, upon this
and cognate subjects; and I feel that the country
is under great obligations to him for his investi-
gations in relation to tln-se matters. I think the
retrenchments whieh he and the Senator from
Massachusetts suggest at e timely and proper, and
ought to be made. If tins bill presents an oppor-
tunity of retrenching to theextentof $15,000,000,
and if the Senate will adopt the measure and make
this retrenchment, it will give an indication to the j
countiy that will tendveiy considerably to in- |
ciease the confidence of the country in the fiscal j
management of the Government by Congress. j
Mr. President, I think there are four constitu- j
onts thatare necessary to sustain the credit of this j
Government and to enable it to cany on the war [
successfully. In the first place, all leasonable re-
trenchment; in the second place the imposition of j
taxes to the amount of the ability and the willing- .
ness of the people to pay those taxes. I do not be- ]
hove the system of voluntary loans can be resorted j
to with anytliinglikesuccessin the future. I think I
myseif that the"only form in which the people of I
the United States intend to sustain this war and
to uphold the credit of the Government is in the
payment of taxes. That system ought to be re-
sorted to; and then when a reasonable amount of
taxes is imposed in the most judicious forms, a
Government paper ought to be issued, and it ought
to be made by the laws of Congress a legal tender.
You ought to retrench as far as you can retrench;
and then you ought to trust to those who have
the management of the war to conduct it success-
fully to a close, and those who have that manage-
ment ought to give us at once, not skirmishes,
but battles and victories.
These four elements of national credit, in my
judgment, would establish it upon a firm basis:
first, taxation; secondly, the issue of a Govern-
ment paper bearing interest; thirdly, that Govern-
ment paper should be made a legal tender; fourthly,
retrenchment of all expenditures that can be prop-
erly and judiciously retrenched. You should cut
down the salaries, so far as they can be properly
cut down. That is but another form of taxation.
The officers whose salaries are proposed to he
reduced are merely required in that form, instead
of in the dncct form of taxation, to contribute
(hat much to the support of the Government and
the conduct of the war. There is nothing un-
just or impolitic in it. When this is done, and
the sinews of war are placed in the war-conduct-
ing power, let that power then bring on the battle,
and give us, as I said, not skirmishes, but battles
and victories, and Lhen this Government will
emerge triumphantly and successfully from the
war within a reasonable time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now offer my amend-
ment to insert as a new section:
Jlnd be it fuithci cnacte<1, That hereafter tlie rate of mile-
age ot membersofCongressMmll be reduced fifty per cent.
Ik- paid hv the moc-t <i uvet tiavelud route from their places of
iCMtlenee to the t-eai ol Confess. Abatement of the mile-
age of each t-euntor shall be ccitified to the Secretary of
the .Senate, and of each Representative and Delegate to the
Serg'jant-at Amu of the House of Representatives, by the
I'ostma ter General, within tinny days after the commence-
ment oi the tir.-t session ot each Congre^ : Proiidcd, That
until a rcuhond con-strutted to the Pacific coast the mile-
age of s3en«uors aud Representatives from beyond the
Rocky mouutams shall be computed by the u&ually traveled
route.
Mr. GRIMES. Agreeing in very much that
was said by the Senator from Connecticut on the
subject of ictrenchment and reform, in order to
meit his views as well as my own, 1 propose to
amend that amendment 
The VICE PRESIDENT, it is not amend-
able.
Mr. GRIMES. Not amendable ?
The Vi.CE PRESIDENT. This proposition
is in itself an amendment to an amendment.
& Mr. SHERMAN. The whole bill is an amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The question pend-
ing before the Senate isan amendment itself. This
is an amendment to that, and therefore it is not
susceptible of further amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to propose,and I hope
the Senator from Wisconsin will accept my amend-
ment,as I have nodoubtit will meet his economic
and lefoimatory views, to insert the word "com-
pensation" after the word "mileage," so as to re-
duce the compensation of members of Congress,
as well as their mileage, fifty percent. That would
restore about the old pay, as I understand it, that
members of Congress had five or six years ago
before the pay was raised, and it will leave us
about in the condition in which we were formerly.
I hope the Senator from Wisconsin will accept
my proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; I do not think I
shall.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I have not
been disposed to embark in this discussion at all,
and have rather avoided it; but as it is supposed
that Senators take counsel together, I feel it my
duty to say what 1 think upon it. i havealways
had and have now, an intense aversion to ail those
kind of things that look like playing the dema-
gogue. I always dared look the people in the face
in mass or out of i he mass. A measure is brought
foi waid het e,and I speak to the subject. The point
of this controversy involves what may be con-
sidered -as personal to myself, and yet I darejock
