1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2659
claim, and he called my attention to it. He did
not' furnish me with the papers in regard to it.
As it iiad been reported from the committee, I
supposed there was no difficulty about it. I appre-
hend, if the papers are looked into, it will be found
that it has not appeared for the first time at this
session of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. A paper has just been put in my
hands which shows that the claim was presented
in 1852,and refeued to the Committee on Claims.
Mr, HALE. What did they report?
Mr. HOWE. There does not seem to have
been any report. It was teferred again in Decem-
ber, 1853, and again in February, 1862. If Sen-
ators are suspicious of this claim, and really wish
time to look into the matter, I cannot urge any ob-
jection to it. I was requested by a member of the
House some time since to call up this bill and get
the action of the Senate upon it. It passed the
House of Representatives a long time since. The
facts upon which th is claim is based appeared as dis-
tinctly, as clearly, as satisfactorily to the commit-
tee, I believe, as they well could appear. There was
the testimony of several witnesses. Mr. Grant
was one; another was Captain Gore, from whose
tent the valise, in which the money was, was taken.
The testimony was that the tent was cut open in
the night and the valise taken out. The matter
was investigated by a military court at once. The
valise and some papers were found in a mill race,
or something of that sort; but the money was not
found. No suspicious circumstances occurred to
the committee, and I do not think of any now. It
seems to me the claim has remained unsatisfied a
long time, and unless there is some objection to
it, 1 should wish the Senate might act upon it.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
'"Wisconsin that perhaps it would be better to let
it lie a day or two and let Senators look into it,
and it will be more satisfactory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has now been fully ex-
plained wiiy it has not been acted on befoie, and
I hope it may not be laid over. It is now fully
shown why it has not been acted on before. A
Senator who has been here as long as my friend
from New Hampshire, knows that these claims
are presented to Congress after Congress before
you can get action upon them here. It has been
so ever since I have been here, year after year,
for twenty years sometimes. It seems this claim
was presented as long ago as 1852, and again in
1853.
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; it is so stated
by the Senator fiom Wisconsin, fiom the papers.
Mr. HOWE. It was referred again in 1853.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was re-referred in 1853.
1 think it would be showing a suspicion without
any foundation whatever, to say that this claim is
to be rejected because the matter occurred four-
teen years ago, when it appears that the claim
was presented here, and when the Senator from
Wisconsin states to you that a military commis-
sion immediately investigated the matter when the
trunk was stolen, and found a part of the papers
in a mill race but did not recover the money, and
when it appears here by the testimony of two
other witnesses besides Gcnetal Grant himself.
General Grant has made affidavit to the fact.
Mr. HALE. No; Lieutenant Grant.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the same individual.
There is no use of playing upon words. I think
if the Senate should refuse a claim of this kind it
would be very extraordinary after the statement
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HALE. I am ftee to confess that the dis-
closures we have had made here have excited
more suspicion than I had when it was fust pro-
duced. It seems tins discussion took place in 1848.
"When it was fresh and the proofs were within the
recollection of witnesses, it was presented in the
House of Representatives and teferred to the ap-
propriate committee twice, and they tailed to get
favorable action upon it at either time; they failed
to get a favorable reporteither tune; whether there
was an adverse report or not does not appear.
After having it investigated by two committees in
1852 and 1853, and failing to substantiate their
eiaim, being investigated by the Committee on
Claims, it lies by from 1852 to 1S62; the lieutenant
has got to be a general; and then the claim is
brought up again, and presented in the House,
and referred, not to the appropriate Committee of
Claims, who had twice before rejected it, or had
failed to recommend it, but now with the halo of
military glory that covers the head of Lieutenant
Grant, who has got to be General Grant, it is re-
ferred, not to the appropriate Committee ofClaims
who had before had it under consideration, but
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and they
have reported the bill. 1 have very great doubts
about the bill. At any rate I hope it may lie over
until to-morrow, so that we can examine it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 moved to postpone
the Pacific railroad bill for the purpose of taking
up Senate bill No. 329. I now move to pass this
bill over informally for the purpose of taking up
that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not; let us dispose
of this.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There seems to be
a desire on the part of several Senators to look
into it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing the bill, unless the Senator from
Kansas withdiaws his motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I withdraw it for the
purpose of allowing the Senator to proceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration ofexecutive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the explana-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he wants to make an
explanation, I will yield for that; but several gen-
tlemen want the bill to lie over, and 1 think it per-
fectly leasonable, when a matter of this kind is
called up for the first time, and doubts are ex-
pressed in regard to it, that it should be laid over.
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand there was
amotion to postpone this bill. 1 am nut going
to resist such a motion if it is made. I simply
want to reply to two remarks of the Senator from
New Hampshire. One was that this was referred
not to the Committee on Claims, but to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Such seems to have
been the case m the House of Representatives,
but it was not the case in the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I know that. That is what I
said.
Mr. HOWE. In the Senate, it was referred to
the Committee on Claims. As to the other remark,
which has been repeated twice, that we were in-
debted to the fact that Ulysses S. Grant had come
to be a general, an officer of high rank, that this
claim was now brought forwaid, I wish to say,
if it be necessary to say it, I do not believe that
circumstance had any weight with the Committee
on Claims in the Senate.  
Mr. HALE. I did not say that.
Mr. HOWE. It certainly had not with me.
If the motion to postpone is pressed, 1 shall not
object to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have interposed another
motion, and that is, that ihe Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the constdeiation of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
NAVAL SCHOOL.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
winch was considered by unanimou/consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he requested
to communicate to the Senate the last repoit of the boatd
of examiners of the Naval School at Newport, Rhode Isl-
and.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and iefe,ircd:
A bill (No. 499) making appropriations for
postal service on post routes established at the
present session of Congress—to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (No. 51S) transferring the western gun-
boat fleet from the War to the Navy Department
—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 82) establishing a pro-
fessoiship of the German language in West Point
Academy—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 260) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30,1863, submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No,
23U) making appreciations for the current and contingent
expenses or the Indian department,and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
Jane 30,1863, having met, alter fall and free conference
lisive agreed to recommend to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senatg recede from their second ajid eighth
amendments.
That the House recede from their disagreement lo the
Senate's third amendment, and agree to the same with the
following amendments: reinstate the matter proposed to
be stricken out by the Senate, except the words," twenty-
five thousand dollars,"and add thereto:
And for clothing, farming tools, cattle, and teams for In-
dians, $50,0U0.
For compensation of eight supervisors for the reserva-
tions in California, to instruct the Indians in husbandry, at
§1.801) each, $14,400.
For salaries of clerks to superintendents of Indian affairs
for the northern and southern districts of California, for the
three quarters of the fi>cal year ending June 30, 1862, at
$1,800 per annum, $%70Q.
For salai les of eleiks to superintendents of Indian affairs
for the northern and southern distucts of California, at
$1,800 per annum, $3,600.
Foi negotiating treaties with the Navajoe, Apach6, and
Utah Indians in New Mexico, defining the boundaries with-
in which said tnbes shall be located and lemam, and extin-
guishing the title or claim of said Indians to ali lands out-
bide of the boundaries «n agreed upon and fixed, $20,000.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to their sixth amendment, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
first amendment of the Hou^e to the Senate's seventh
amendment, and agree to the same.
That the Hou^e lecede fiom their second amendment to
the Senate's seventh amendment, and agree to the same
with the following amendments: in section three of said
amendment of the Senate strike out the word " fifty," and
insert "toity;" and after the word "dollars," inseit "or
so much thereof aa may he necessary."
That the Senate recede fiom*o much of their said seventh
amendmentas is included in thesecond and fourth sections
thereof.
That the House recede from their third amendment to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
The committee fuither leeommend that the first amend-
ment of the Senate, in which the House concurred, be dis-
agreed to by the House,aud than he Senate recede therefrom.
M. S. WILKINSON,
J. W. NESMITH,
Managers on the pen t of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
CYRIJS ALDRIOH,
TIMOTHY G. PHELPS,
Managers on the jtart of the House.
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to be heard on that
report before the Senate takes action on it, and I
move that it he on the table until to-morrow
morning.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to submit an
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 364) to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, in order
to have it pi inted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if he submits a mere amendment or a
substitute.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not a substitute. It
is an amendment containing some additional sec-
tions which provide for a grant of the proceeds of
the public lands on what is called the Northern
Pacific railroad route.
Mr. Mc DOUG ALL. I do not object to its be-
ing printed, and 1 can state to the Senator that I
am myself in favor of a provision of that kind,
but it ought not to be mixed up with the bill at
present under consideration.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that my amend-
ment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAV OF FIRST MINNESOTA SENATORS.
Mr. WILKINSON, I move to take up the
resolution in regard to the pay of the first Senators
from Minnesota. It has already been passed twice.
Mr. HALE. I doubt whether there is a quorum
here,
Mr, WILKINSON. I am anxious to have this
resolution taken up, because I am going away to-
morrow, and there is a particular reason why it
should be passed.
