1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
3*7™ Cong....2d Sess.
Gonfiscaiion of Rebel Property—Mr. Loornis.
Ho. of Reps.
urged against the passage of these or kindred meas-
ures, upon the ground that our past forbearance,
the declarations of the President and of our Foreign
Secretary, and the resolutions of Congress, have
pledged theGovernment to a different policy, and
henco that the passage of these measures would be
" a distinct violation of our pledged faith." Sir,
we have never pledged ourselves not to put down
this rebellion. We have no different understand-
ing of our constitutional rights and duties now
than we had a year ago, when those declarations
were uttered. 1 would to-day cheerfully vote for
the resolution offered at the extra session by the
venerable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] and then adopted:
" That this war is not waged on their [our] part in any
spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquer or sub-
jugation, nor purpose of ovei throwing or interfenng with
the rights or established institutions of those Slates, but to
defendant! maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equally, and
rights of the several Status unimpaired; and that as soon
as those objects are accomplished the war oughtto cease."
We have not waged and do not intend to wage
this war in any spirit of oppression, nor for any
purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor purpose
of overthrowing or interfering with any rights or
institutions of any States, but to maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution, and we still in-
tend that the war shall cease as soon as these ob-
jects are accomplished. Wccan only attain these
objects by weakening the power of the rebels, by
availing ourselves of our belligerent rights. If by
that resolution assuiance was given that the Gov-
ernment bound itself to inaction, pledged itself
not to use any legal means to accomplish the ob-
jects named in it, it was a delusion. But it was
not so understood by Congress or the country.
We left ourselves free to wage this war by all
effectual methods consistent with the laws of na-
tions, upon which there is no reservation in our
Constitution, until we had secured again the su-
premacy of the Constitution and saved the Union.
If to accomplish these ends it is necessary to take
away the slaves of rebels, does the gentleman
from Kentucky, or any one else, say we should
rather let the Union slide r If to take the prop
erty of rebels and transfer it to Union men to
make good the losses of the latter, and prevent it
from being used again against us, is necessary to
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, wiU
it be charged we violate the spirit or letter of that
resolution in so doing, or any plighted faith what-
ever? Such arguments seem to me to be the fruit
of an ingenuity seeking to evade the performance
of a plain duty to the country—to be the linger-
ing poison of a party spirit inimical to the na-
tional welfare.
All alongwe have had men inourcouncils who,
while saying one word for us, would say, unin-
tentionally, probably, two for the national adver-
sary. No measure we have thus far taken, how-
ever necessary to the public safety , or reasonable,
or usual in time of war among civilized nations,
has escaped carping criticism. This may spring
from a reverence for forms, or from a sympathy
with former political associates, or from better
motives. But when it is announced in Congress,
and circulated by pamphlet among the people as
the utterance of a friend of the national cause,
that—
« The old landmarks of our Constitution arc fading fast
enough. We have now no liberty of the piess. The great,
striking feature of Magna Charta, wtung fiom King John
upon the plains of Runnymede by our great British ances-
tors—the light to the writof habeas corpus—has gone; moie
than a thousand of our fellow-citizens, without due pro-
cess ot Jaw, he rotting m your political battles,"
I can but regret that the cause of the Union is
thus wounded in the house of its friends. Have
we no liberty of the press? The military author-
ities have prevented descriptions of our works of
defense, detailed statements of our forces assem-
bled at various points,and intelligence ot intended
movements, being published to the enemy; but who
shall complain of that except those who wish evil
to our brave soldiers who may be betrayed t xne
Government has lefused the use of its mails to
sheets filled with rank secession, poisoning the
public mind with falsehood, and openly working
for the rebels; but is liberty of the press a license
to sap the very foundations of society, and: lead
an armed crusade against law and liberty? Who
shall complain of this except those who sympa-
thize with secession? Who of our fellow-citizens
has ever been arrested except for outspoken, ag-
gressive treason, flouted in the very face of the
Government ? Who shall complain of this except
.those who wish traitors to be unmolested in their
nefarious work? si Rotting in political bastiles!"
We use no dungeons in our placcs of confine-
ment—no horrors are therewith associated, ex-
cept a restraint of person, necessary to the public
safety. Why such exuberance of rhetoric, such
word painting? It is notorious that thousands
of traitors walk the streets unmolested, and give
aid and comfort to the enemy by all the advant-
age a residence among us confers, yet are thus
unmolested because of the tenderness of the Gov-
ernment. And the readiness of the Government
to release any political adversary upon a mere pa-
lole not to aid the rebellion, is equally notorious.
If men will engage not to war against the Consti-
tution, they are instantly released, and many who
even refused this have been sentacross the border..
The leniency of the Government, not its strict-
ness, has been cause of reproach. Yctitiscom-
pared with despotic French monarchs who, from
malevolence or whim, chained their victims to the
floor of noisome solitary dungeons, where the
light of day never penetrated, and where hopeless
years passed over their heads until they forgot the
form of their fellows, and were forgotten by the
outside world. The allusion is most odious, be-
cause it is most unjust, and sounds strangely
from a supporter of the Government. But it is
at least a gratifying evidence that the liberty of
speech yet remains to us.
Mr. Speaker, I have given the reasons which
induce me to vote for these measures. I desire to
see this rebellion utterly overthrown, and there-
fore I vote for them. 1 believe we have the right
under the Constitution and laws of war to enact
them—that they are both right and expedient, and
that we .shall be derelict to our duty if this Con-
gress adjourns without doing something lor the
peace of the country more than is accomplished^
by lux and appropriation bills. We will talk of
compromise andconcihation when the rebels cea.sc
to murderourloyal citizensand make their dwell-
ings a desolation. Wo will talk ot forgiveness
when they ask it, or will accept it. But as long
as their hands drip with the blood of loyalists,
and they essay to involve in common ruin the
whole structure of our political society, we will
meet them sternly with all the weapons which
laws, human and divine, supply for our use.
CONFISCATION OF IIEIJEL i'KOrERTV.
SPEECH OF HON. D. LOOMIS,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the House of Representatives,
Mmj 33, 18G<J.
Tlic House having und''i eonMClei'aUon tin: bill1; to con-
fiscate the properly at.d lice fiom servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. LOOMIS said :
Mr. Speaker : At a time of imminent danger
to an ancient republic, a patriotic orator -said :
"Let that which every man thinks concerning
the republic be inscribed on his forehead." Tins
remark may well be applied to us at the present
time, when the grandest fabric of government ever
reared by human hands has been assailed and
put ii> peril by its own citizens and subjects. If
such inscriptions could have been liteiaily made,
what hellish plots and purposes would have ap-
peared on the forehead of many a high official
whose lips meanwhile were uttei ing orisons to
"our glorious Constitution and Union. And
how the thousand traitoious spies who infested
all the council chambers ot the Republic would
have slunk away into their hiding nlaees "as
ghosts troop home to church-yards' before the
hi ht of the morning. How, too, the drapery of
mere words would have been stripped away from
the horrid features of treason in its incipient stages.
We all remember the delicate phrases that were
used to describe the first overt acts. The Greeks,
we are told, had a refinement of phrase for the
crime of murder. It was only " making1 a man
mild and quiet." So in the classics of modern
treason, to lessen our natural abhorrence of the
act, it was called "resuming the sovereignty of
the State," while on the other hand any act pro-
posed on the partof the Executive to comply with
his sworn duty before God and man to execute
the laws, was labeled with the hateful name,
" coercing a sovereign State." And what a horrid
profanation it was of" the sacred soil of Virginia"
for the national troops to occupy the heights across
the Potomac when the myrmidons of treason were
marching on the nation's capiiai! But all dis-
guises have now been torn away from this great
rebellion, and it stands before a horror-stricken
world alone in its guilt and infamy 1 We may
sayofifas Macaulay said of the life of Sir Antony
Astley Cooper : " lSvery partof it reflects infamy
on every other."
The joint committee on the conduct of the war
in their recent report on " the rebel barbarities at
Manassas," after citing the evidence before them,
truely remark that:
" Every step of this monstrous treason has been marked
by violence and crime. No transgression lias been too
«ieat, no wrong too startling fot us leaders. They disre-
garded the sanctity of the oaths they had taken to support
tin' Constitution; thev repudiated all their obligations to
the people ol the iiee'States ; they deceived and betrayed
their own tVllow-eitifcens, and crowded their armies with
foieed levies; they drove fiom their midst all who would
not yield to their (h'fpotism,or tilled their prions with men
who would not enlist under theii flag. They have now
crowned the rebellion by the peipetiation oi deeds scarcely
known even to savage warfare. The investigations of your
eoninnitee nave established this faet beyond eontioversy.
The witnesses called before us weie men of undoubted
veracity and character. Some of them occupy high posi-
tions in the Aimy, and others high positions in civil life.
Dilfeung in political sentiments, their cvidcnce presents a
jemaikable concuirenec of opinion and of judgment. Our
fellow-eountiymen, heretofore sutlieiently impressed by the
generosity and forheainnce of the (iovct anient of the Uni-
ted States, and by the barbaioiis character of the crusade
against it, will be shocked by the statements of these un-
unpeached and unimpeachable witnesses; and foreign na-
tion;* must with one accord, however tbey have hesitated
heretofore, consign to lasting odium the authors of crimes
which, in all then details, exceed the worst excesses of the
Sepoy?, of India.
^ Inhumanity to the living has boon the leading Halt of
the icbel Icadeis; but it was reserved loi your committee to
disclose a* a eoucei led system their instills to the wounded,
and the ir mutilation and desecration of the gallant dead.
Out M)ldieis taken prisoners in honorable battle have been
subjected to the mo t shameful treatment. All the consid-
erations that inspne chiv.iliie emotion and gi-nerousconbid-
<> ration for hiave men have been disicgaidcd. It is almost
be> ond hehet that the men fighting in Michacau^c as ours,
and sustained by a Government which, in the nudst of vio-
lence and tieacbeiy, has given repeated evidences of its in
dul,rencc, should have been subjected to treatment never
bcfoie ie-orted to by one foreign nation in a conflict with
another." *******
" The outrages upon the dead will revive the recollections
of the enmities to which savage tribes subject their pris-
oner. They were buried in many cases naked, with their
facob downwind; they wore left to decay in the open air;
their hones were earned off as trophies, sometimes, as the
testimony piove.-, to be used as personal adornments, and
one witness deliberately avers that the bead of one of our
most gallant otlieeis cut off by a secessionist to be
turned into a drinking cup on the occasion of his marriage.
Monitions <is Ibis icvelation may nppeai to be, your com-
mittee have been informed that during the last two weeks
the ^kull of a Union soldier has been exhibited in the office
ol the Seigcant at-Atin« ol the House ot Itepiesentatives,
which h.ufbern i ouvcitcd to such a purpose, and which
had been lound on the person ol one ot the rebel prisoners
taken in a teeent conflict. The testimony of Governor
Spi.igue, of lthode bland, ismo-t intcicsiing. It confirms
the woist renoits a^ain-t the rebel soldiers, and eonclu-
MVcl) pioves that the body of one of the biavest officeisin
the volunteei seivice was burned."
Lislen to the sad story of loyal citizens from
the southern States, when they tell you how they
have been robbed of every article of property;
diivcn fiom their homes; hunted down like par-
ti idges on the mountains; tortured with all the lior-
lid refinements of enmity which fiendish ingenuity
could invent; and all this merely because
"Unshaken,unsubdued, imterilfied
Their loyally thi-y kept, their love, their zeal
Though single."
I have read accounts from the southern papers
gloi ying ill the fact that at the capture of Now
Oilcans seveial loyal adopted citizens were shot
down in cold blood, merely because their hearts
leaped with a spontaneous joy when they saw
the starry blue of the old flag that m their father-
land they had learned to look upon as the olive
branch of peace and good will to the nations, and
Heaven's great missionary over all oceans, seas,
and inlets of the globe. And, yet, with all this
damning record, and with the express declaration
of the it-be) leaders that they intend to prosecute
this war "till their conquering swords hang drip-
