180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
STTH Com .-..2D SESS.
Confiscation of .Rebel Property—Mr. Loomis.
Ho. off Reps.
ping.ower the prostrate heads of the North," we
have teen told by gentlemen on this floor that
* any confiscation bill is too harsh and barbarous,
ana that we should offer them instead the olive
lyanch of peace! I feav that such will hardly
esSiare the (jessing of the- " peacemakers" in the
Gets pel. The short way to lasting peace lies
through th6 tfempest of battle, through the red sea
of war; A peace .must be conquered. We must
conquer otfbe conquered. We fight for national
unity and national existence. We fight to make
life in the future endurable. We fight to make
property secure. We fight to make business and
prosperity possible. We can secure peace by
crashing out this rebellion, and by founding on
an immovable basis the Union erected by our
fathers. I believe that all the war powers and all
the legislative powers should be called into action
in this great emergency, and 1 consider it both
the right and the duty of Congress to provide for
the confiscation of the estates of the leading rebels.
But we are told that the Constitution is in the
way. But I remember how the Constitution has
been perverted from the first in aid of these con-
spirators against the life of the" nation. It has
• been like a jug with the handle on the rebel side.
Every single step which thenational Government
has taken in the assertion of its rightful preroga-
tives has been met with the same cry—"Stop;
you are violating the Constitution !" At the com-
mencement of the rebellion, the Constitution had
become so perverted in its construction as to be-
come like Milton's bridge, that led
"Smooth, easy, inoffensive, down to hell."
As we took backward through the history of the
usurpations of the slave power in our land, it
seems to have been a deliberate purpose so to
emasculate our organic law as to make secession
easy. The Constitution was all bristling with
vitality and power to guaranty, protect, and ex-
tend slavery, although slavery was nowhere
named in that sacred instrument, while liberty,
though everywhere guarded by the most explicit
guarantees, has had no more meaning for many
years past, in the estimation of pro-slavery com-
mentators, than it had in the old French diction-
ary , where it was defined only as " a word of three
syllables." The late Administration could find
no power in the Constitution to interpose a single
obstacle in the way of treason. While faintly
arguing that secession was wrong, it said to the
socedoi'a: "Don't leave just now. I know you
have been grievously wronged and provoked, and
I can do nothing to prevent your going, or to harm
you alter you shall have hit. The Cfovermnent
cannot coerce a State." And so it was that " co-
ercion ' was monopolized by treason alone. It
was not n weapon allowed to the-nation. And
now it is said " the nation cannot confiscate the
pi opei ty of rebels in arms. They may use con-
fiscation as a weapon against us, but we must not
against them!" 1 do not believe that the Consti-
tution has any such weakness as gentlemen pre-
tend. That proud monument of the combined
wisdom of Washington, Franklin, Hamilton,
sherman,Madison, Morris, Pinckney, King,and
many other statesmen of exalted virtue and pre-
eminent ability is not a mere painted bubble,
launched on the stormy waves of time to be dis-
solved forever by tfie breath of a traitor.
And here allow me to digress to say a word in
reference to a remark which we often hear about
the weakness of a republican form of govern-
ment and its supposed transient existence. I be-
lieve a republic is the only form of human govern-
ment adapted to the nature of man, and that it is no
more transient in its duration than any other form
of government. Monarchies, I know, have been
and are moie numerous than republics. But when
it is asserted that the former have always had a
ongcr life, 1 think the voice of history has been
belied. Die Roman republic lasted as long as the
Roman nionarcny of the West. The Canhagenian
lepublic lasted as long as the Spartan monarchy,
and the Athenian republic enduredacentury]on4r
than the Macedonian kingdom. Many a mon-
archy has been overturned by a plot in the kind's
palace, or by a not in a single city. No otfier
government on the face of the globe could have
Withstood so gigantic a rebellion as ours. What
fill*£^er?™ent «>mply by indicating its wishes
eettta have induced six hundred thousand of its
free subjects td leave their quiethomes and accus-
tomed pursuits, and hasten at once to distantfields
of battle, that they might make their breasts a
shield against the foe, and offer their lives a will-
ing sacrifice on the altar of their country ?
But to return to the question of confiscation. I
propose to submit a few observations in support
of the constitutionality and justice of the proposed
confiscation billsnow under consideration. Itisnot
my purpose at this time to analyze or discuss the
details of these bills or any of the pending amend-
ments. I am not obstinately wedded to any par-
ticular form of bill on this subject. My only de-
sire is to select one that is right, just, and most
effective.
It has been stoutly asserted by several gentle-
men on this floor that we cannot touch the prop-
erty of a rebel in arms, in pursuance of any legis-
lative act of ours, unless we shall first indict him
by a grand jury for the crime of treason, arrest
him, and bring him before another jury of the vi-
cinage and convict him, after going through with
all the details of a regular trial; and then, after
final conviction and sentence of death, it is con-
tended by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Crisfield] and others that neither the real nor
personal estate of such convicted traitor can be
forfeited except for the few days that may inter-
vene between the time of the conviction and the
execution of the sentence. For instance, if the
rebel thus condemned to death happens to own a
watch the nation can hold it while the rope is being
adjusted, but when the platform drops and the
breath of the traitor ceases, it must be handed over
at once to the next of kin I The provision of the
Constitution thus construed is as follows:
"The Congress shnl] have power to declare the punish-
ment of treasun ; but no attamdei of treason shall work cor-
ruption of blood, oi tnrfmtuie, except during the life of the
person attainted."—Art. 3, sec. 3.
There is no adjudicated case to determine the
true meaning of this provision, and there is great
diversity of opinion respecting it. As many as
three different interpretations have been suggested
during this debate. I have already adverted to
one opinion on the subject, which is that neither
the real nor personal estate of the convicted traitor
can be forfeited except for his life. I will only
add to what I have previously said on this point
that if the framers of the Constitution only con-
templated the forfeiture of property to this very
limited extent, it seems strange that it was not
altogether prohibited.
A second opinion is, that the Constitution im-
poses no limit upon Congress relative to the for-
feiture of personal estate, while only a life interest
m real estate can betaken. The reason given for
such a distinction is, that the cffect of attainder at
common law was to forfeit only the real estate,
while the goods and chattels were foifeited upon
conviction, only and without attainder. After
conviction, the law contemplated a possibility of
innocence on the part of the person convicted.
But not so after attainder; the person became at
once infamous, and corruption of blood and for-
feiture of lands followed as a consequence. This
construction of the constitutional provision under
discussion is the one which I think is most com-
monly received.
But there is still another view which seems to
me not unreasonable. It is, that all the property,
both real and personal, belonging to the traitor at
the time of lus conviction, or accruing to him dur-
ing his lite, may be forfeited absolutely, but that
his attainder shall not have the effect to prevent
us heirs from inheriting estates through him after
his death. In other words, the length of the life
'hf. convicted traitor was not to be the measure
and limit of the interest fotfeited, but that both
corruption of blood and forfeiture, as consequences
oi attainder, were to cease with the life of the trai-
tor. J. he most unjust and odious feature of the
common law was that which allowed corruption
of wood, by attainder, to prevent innocent heirs
from ever inheriting any estates that mio-ht de-
attainted trough the blood of the person
But I do not consider it necessary to settle the
FionC'ine^rtamfng:)0f th'S P'"ovi3ion of 'he Constitu-
ent," determine the validity of the con-
fiscation bills now pending, forjhey who are
making' war upon the Government are not only
traitors, to be punished as such, but they are also
enemies, and exposed to all the incidents and pen-
alties of war. It seems to me the true basis and
justification of the proposed legislation will be
found included within the war powers given to
Congress. We have the right to take enemy's
propertyin orderthat we may cripple his resources
or replenish our own, and also in order to promote
the success, secure the objects, and expedite the
conclusion of the war. The following extracts con-
tain the leading principles of public law relating
to this subject:
In the language of Professor Martin :
"The conqueror has a right to seize on the property of
the enemy, whether movable or immovable. This may be
done : 1. In order to obtain what may be demanded to be
due. 2. To force the enemy to an equitable peacc. 3. To
defray the expenses of the war. 4. To deter luin, or by re-
ducing his strength to hinder him, from repeating in future
the injuries which have been the cause of the war. And
with this object in view, a Power at war has a right to
destroy the possessions and property of the enemy for the
express purposes of doing him mischief."
Says the Supreme Court:
" War gives the full right to take the persons and confis-
cate the property of the enemy wherever found." " It may
be con&ideied as the opinion of all who have written on the
jus belli, that war gives the right to confiscate."
Grotius, (book 3, cap. 6,) says:
" A State taking up arms has a right to weaken her en-
emy, in order to render him incapable of supporting his un-
just violence, a right to deprive him of the means of resist-
ance. Hence, as from this source originate ah the liahts
which war gives us over things belonging to the enemy, we
have a right to deprive him of ins possessions, of everything
Which may augment hi* strength and enable him to make
war. This everyone endeavors to accomplish in the man-
nei most suitable to him whenever we have opportunity;
we seize on tiie enemy's property, and convert it to our
own use, and thus, besides diminishing the enemy's power,
we augment our own, and obtain at least a partial indem-
nification or equivalent either for what constitutes the sub-
ject of the war or for the expenses and losses incurred in
its prosecution; in a woid, we do ourselves justices5'
Judge Sprague, in his learned opinion in the
case of the Amy Warwick, decided in the United
States district court for the district of Massachu-
setts in February last, says:
'• Tn war each belligerent may seize and confiscate all the
property of the enemy wherever found, and this right ex-
tends to the property of all persons lesident in the enemy's
country."
And again,he says:
" I am satisfied that the United States, as a nation, have
full and complete belligerent rights, which aie in no decree
impaired by the fact that their enemies owe allegiance, and
have superadded the guiltof tieason to that of unjust war."
The Supreme Court, in 8 Cranch, p. 64, speak-
ing of the new character which the nation assumes
Jn a state of war, says:
a But a new state of things has occurred, a new ehaiac-
tei ha  been assumed by this nation, which involves it in
new leiauons and confers on n new right*, which imposes
a new class of obligations on our citizens and subjects them
to now penalties."
" The nature and consequences of a state of war must
direct us to the conclusions which we are to form in this
case. In a state of war nation is known to nation only bv
then armed exterior, each threatening the other with con-
quest or annihilation."
In the case of the Rapid, which was the case of
the forfeiture of the property of a citizen, the court
sain:
" Tilis is the firstcase since the organization of the Gov-
ln,>vhich tllis has been called upon to assert
t e nghts of war against the property of the citizen, it is
with extieme hesitation, and under a deep sense of the so-
lemnity of the duty wlueh we are now called upon to dis-
cliaige, that we proceed to adjudge the forfeiture of private
riguts upon punclples of public law highly penal in their
nature, and unfortunately too little understood."
But it is claimed that if it is admitted that such
a belligerent right exists as I have endeavored to
show, the exercise of that right in time of war de-
volves exclusively on the President, and that by
assuming to legislate on the subject, Congress en-
croaches on the prerogative of the President. I
am sure the President does not so regard it, be-
cause in his order modifying the proclamation of
ueneral Fremont, of August 30, 1861, the only
reason given for such modification was that it did
con^orilJ t0 act °f Congress of August 6
1861, on the subject of confiscation. And a^ain*
in the annual message of December last, the whole
subject of confiscation was virtually committed to
Congress by the President, only reserving to him-
self the ordinary right of approval or disapproval
as in any other case of legislation.
But let us look to the Constitution itself, and see
what powers have been given to Congress. Con-
