1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
is more interested in them, will make the matter
elear to the House when he gets the floor. It is
provided that the three or four roads in Iowashali^
agree upon a certain point in the western part of
that State from which to build the road westward.
Every man knows, who knows anything about
confhctingrailroads, that they nevercan be brought
to agree on any point. They cannot be brought
tc> agree upon a time table even. They are probably
bow in a state of hostility, and there they will,
it may be presumed, remain. There is no pro-
vision made for an umpire m case those railroads
will not agree, which they are almost sure not to
do. In other words, this whole bill was prepared
upon the idea that this road was to start from St.
Louis, and run upon the southern route; that i?,
south of the Platte valley. This bill, as it now
stands, precludes the possibility of these Iowa
roads ever agreeing upon any common ground.
These provisions, however, were just put in for
a cover. It may be that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is opposed to a Pacific railroad, and has
therefore put these provisions in this bill so as to
make it utterly impracticable. 1 would suspect
him as soon as I would myself of being opposed
to the construction of a Pacific railroad.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I am in favor of the build-
ing of a Pacific railroad, and I have'ieported the
pending bill in good faith to accomplish that de-
sirable object.
Mr. LdVEJOY. There i^as good reason to
believe that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
opposed to the Pacific railroad as I am. But I did
not call in question the integrity of the gentleman
and his committee. I admit their honesty ofpur-
pose.
The provision in this bill makes it utterly im-
possible for these Iowa roads to agree upon any
point whence this load is to start. It will, there-
fore, make it impossible for Boston, New York, !
and the North to have any railroad connection
with this Pacific railroad unless by going hun-
dreds of miles south. But th:s will be ail referred
to by the gentleman from Iowa.
I have very cursorily'presented some of the
objections I have to this bill, i feel that no road
ever can he built under the bill as it now stands.
1 risk my judgment upon the prediction. Un-
doubtedly the side roaus which are to enjoy the
liberality of the Government will be completed.
And as (lie committee have reported the bill, the
road, when it gets to Sacramento and San Fran-
cisco, is to turn oft' at right, angles and run up
north, for which there is no military or national
necessity. Now, maik how it works. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, on the other side, itf a
strict constructionist. On some points we cannot
depart from the Constitution. That is nil ri<jht,
I go for the Constitution always—its letter and its
spirit; but it is proposed now to give $2,000,000
of bonds to build a railroad to New York, as a
military necessity, and that is just on a par wiih
these lavish expenditures which are proposed in
regions of the country where a donation from the
Government is not a necessity, because private
enterprise can do the work.
Perhaps, sir, I ought to have drawn up a substi-
tute for this bill which would suit me bettei than the
one which I have presented. The proper princi-
ple for a Pacific railroad bill would be to provide
that the road should start from .some given point—
I think Foi t Keai ney would be the proper point—
and make proper provision lor the incorporation
of a company, and say to them, you shall have so
much money alter you get to such a point, so
much for so many hundred miles, and so much
for so many more hundred miles. But the road
provided for here is to pass over a region ot coun-
try that has never been surveyed, and about winch
we know nothing; it is ^enetal m its tei ins, and
yet we propose to give $67,000,000 or $100,000,000
for this enterpiise. The main trunk is to receive
not over $50,000,000, but when you come to trace
up the side road sand branches you find $17,000,000
more stowed away m these roads, to which we
ought not to grtte one cent.
But, sir, as 1 said, I do not intend to make a
fancy speech about tins railroad. The time for
that has gone by. We want a road, but in pro-
viding for that road I feel bound to sec that we
do not give more than is absolutely necessary to
achieve the object.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. Mr. Chairman, I do
not propose to discuss at any length the bill which
is now before the committee for consideration.
But after the remarks which have been made by
the gentleman who has just concluded his argu-
ment in opposition to this bill, I believe it to be a
duty that 1 owe to the people that 1 have the honor
to represent to state here some facts in reference
to the character and resources of the Territory of
Nevada. I am induced to do this for the reason
that the desolate and dreary Territory that I rep-
resent is selected as the one by which to make
comparisons and draw deductions in regard to the
building of this railroad across the continent.
The people of the Territory that I represent
have, perhaps, a greater local interest in the build-
ing of this road than any other people under our
Government. We, it is true, are not far from
California—some one hundred and thirty miles—
but we are separated from California by the Sierra
Nevada chain of mountains, rising to the height
of eight thousand feet above the ocean and some
four thousand feet above the valleys of the inte-
rior great basin. Some two years ago the dis-
covery of silver ore was made within that Terri-
tory. Since that time a population of more than
twenty thousand industrious and enterprising cit-
izens have located within the Territory. You find
building up there towns that will vie with many
of the towns in the older settlements in the States.
In point of building material and substantiality
there are none to excel them in any of the States.
The leading town of that Territory, where there
were only a few tents when I visited it two years
ago, has now four thousand inhabitants, and there
are streets laid.,off and built up with stone and
brick buildings that would be a cre^t to any of
your towns. And thatis not the only city within
the limits of the Teiritory. Carson City, the cap-
ital of the Territory, has two thousand inhabit-
ants, and contains many permanent and durable
buildings. Why is it that that Territory, in the
short period of two years, has acquiVed a popu-
lation of twenty thousand inhabitants? Why is
it that they have built up their towns, and arc
carrying on a trade with California that amounts
to millions upon millions of dollars? It is all
owing to the great discovery of silver ore made
there two years ago.
Now, our mining country is wholly different
from th.it in California. Ours are not placer dig-
gings, extending over the surface of the earth,
that yon, or J, or anybody else ran go there, and
with what we call m mining parlance a " cradle"
or " rocker," commence digging up the earth and
extracting the gold from the soil. It is wholly
different from that. The minerals found in our
Territory are found in quartz fields, which require
machinery. It takes a miner perhaps a whole
year after the discovery of a lead, to get up his
machineiy before he can extract a single dollar in
precious metals from the soil. It requires time
and capital, and although one year ago we had
not a particle of machinery extracting silver from
the silver sulphurets of that Territory, or gold
fiom the quartz rocks, we can now boast of having
in operation more than one hundred quartz mills,
and we can boast of having $5,000,000 invested
there in mining operations. And tins is but the
beginning of the matter. It is nothing to what
we intend to do for this countty in the next five
years, or before this road can be built. Itamounts
to nothing in comparison with what we will do.
Within this year we put in operation one hundred
quartz mills. One year ago we had none. They
have been gradually going: into operation. In the
Sierra Nevada mountains there is extracted, as I
am informed, from the silver ore and gold rocks
$2,000,000 per month, and from my own obser-
vation, I am fully satisfied that my statement is
below the,amount actually produced.
Our countty is certainly a desolate one. We
have no agricultural resources; or if we have any
they are of very limited extent. We producc
nothing. All our machinery and all our supplies
are transpoited over the mountains at great ex-
pense. We are not able to feed the mules and
hoises in that Territory. We are not able to ob-
tain any provisions or supplies there except what
arc transported over the mountains. Now, sir,
within two years we have built two regularly
graded roads across the Sierra Nevada, and I pre-
sume, though I have not the facts before me, from
the amount of labor that has been expended upon
them, that those two roads have cost half a mil-
lion of dollars. Another road has been in course
of construction during the past year, and we now
have roads by which machinery and supplies can
be brought into our Territory.
Sir, during the past summer we have had en-
gaged in transportation from California into the
Territory of Nevada more than two thousand
teams, that have been constantly employed, trans-
porting, as has been estimated, and as I myself
have estimated—for I live upon one of these roads
—more than six thousand tons of freight during
the past year in supplies and machinery for the
purpose of opening up and developing the coun-
try. The cost of transportation with us during
the summer months is, upon an average, about
one hundred dollars per ton. Our heavy machinery
costs a larger amount, perhaps one hundred and
twenty-five dollars per ton, while our supplies
cost us about one hundred dollars per ton.
During the last three or four months all sup-
plies of which the Territory had fallen short, cost
for uansportation $300 per ton. The tiansporta-
tion is done during the winter by pack trams, in
a great measure. We are not able to keep the
mountain passes open during the entire year. I
mention these facts to show the interest which
my people have in the building of this "railroadr
or a railroad into the Territory. I believe that no
people have a greater interest in it than we have.
As i before remarked, our mines are in their in-
fancy. I may say here—and time will prove the
truth of the assertion—that when the great basin
itself comes to be developed, it will produce an
amount of gold and silver that will astonish the
world. I have no doubt that the Territory which
I represent will, during the next ten years,add as
much to the coin of the country as California has
done during the past ten years. In the Hum-
boldt mountains there are now more than a thou *
sand miners engaged in prospecting who will not
for perhaps a year realize a dollar on their claims.
The leads are known to be rich and extensive. I
believe they are the richest silver leads in the
world. There is none to compare to them. The
lead in the Washoe mines is now open to the ex-
tent of a mile and more, and is producing rich
silver, sulphurets, worth $300 per ton. It is a lead
equal in extent to the width of this Hall. There
aie no mines in the world that can compare with
those in these desolate regions. 1 believe that the
leads extend entitely through the basin; and I be-
lieve that when they are «developed by the aid of
railroads, they will produce an-amount of silver
and gold that wilt astonish the world. I should
not be surpnsed if they would produce enough to
freight a car daily. I am confident that if the war
be closed within a reasonable time they will pro-
duce enough for that purpose within the next ten*
years. 1 therefore feel a local and special inter-
est in this matter.
Sir, we have now in operation in thatTerritory
two of the largest crashing mills in the world.
South America cannot boast two as large. The
Ophir company mill produces $20,000 a day, and
it is yet only in half operation. It is expected that
within a month or so it will be in full opeiation.
It cost over one million dollars. When it is in full
operation its product will not fall short of $40,000
a day. The product consists of an amalgam of
silver and gold, and is of more value than its weight
in silver. Every ton of it will yield about forty
or fifty thousand dollars. The other company
expects to produce $1,500,000 a year.
I say, then, that the people of that Territory have
an interest m having this road built. Transport-
ation now costs them $6,000,000 a year. There-
fore thatTerritory should not have been selected
as one from which to draw invidious comparisons
in relation to this matter. I feel favorably in-
clined to this bill. I do not know whether it is
perfect, or whether it is the kind of bill that ought
to pass. I have not examined it critically. It
may be that amendments ought to be made to it.
I myself have one or two amendments here which
are desirable in the interest of the people whom
I represent, and which, I think, ought to be
adopted. I would move to amend the third sec-
tion by adding the following proviso:
Profiled, Tliat ihe land* in the Territory of Nevada which
aie in actual occupancy, or ^neh aie held bj' const!uctive
po-5>es<ion under the tenitoiml laws at the time of the pas-
sage of tin-, act. shall nor be granted to said company, and
shall be excluded horn the operations of thb bill.
