THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ftt what is personal to myself and speak of it. Of
ail the graces we have lost, we have lost the R.o-
man grace 10 assert the ego. " What will you
please, sir?" lias got to be the low condition of
American sentiment.
As the Senate is discussing a matter which is of
very great importance, not so much to me as to
others who may come after me, that may repre-
sent my portion of the country, 1 desire, as'a Sen-
ator from the Pacific coast, to say a few words.
You undertake a law of economy. Let me say
-to the Senator from Ohio that this is the wealth-
iest country in the world, with more resources
and more capacity to maintain war; and all those
resources are accessible by good, sound, just le-
gislation. We do not inquire how we can get the
strength of war, but how wo can diminish our
strength. That is a great error; a radical error;
I say to you Senators—for I call myself a coun-
selor—a radical error is that you do not go and
look for your strength for war, but you are hunt-
ing how ydu can diminish your strength by con-
troversies about little, small, trivial things that
make men angry and controversial instead of
strong and brave. These are truths, gentlemen;
and 1 am sick and tired of this thing of making
controversies about tilings that weaken instead of
strengthen us in counsel.
I myself, belonging to an antagonistic party,
have slated to the men who represent the majority
now in the Government, only be as strong in the
maintenance of our Republic as I will be, and I
will be with you, and not behind you; and now
I want it understood that we have been talking
hero at the extra session and at this session, and
no great doctrine or rule of conduct has been
affirmed. Wo have only had objections. We
have only had rules of economy. We have not
inquired into what this great Republic can do.
That lias not been a matter of investigation even
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
The possibilities of what we can do and the ne-
cessities of what is required of us are questions
that belong to this Senate.
I have said more than I designed saying; yet
I want emphatically to give expression to a feel-
ing and sentiment which is higher than any de-
duction of logic, that we are failing in our high
office, not arming ourselves for the necessities that
are before us.
1 wish to say a few words on another subject
that may soom personal to myself and my peo-
ple. Under this bill, with this provision in it, my
miloage would not nay my expenses in coming
from California with my family. 1 really think
that a man who has a right to be a Senator, and
is required to be a certain number of years of age,
lias a right to have a family, and to have his fam-
ily with him. 1 suppose he has that riirht. I wish
only to say one word on tins proposition; and I
want to say it gravely; and 1 want it recoided.
You propose, by this legislation, to confine live
office to men of large fortune. You will not per-
mit a man who is dependent upon the pay the
Government gives him to sit here in this Senate.
I cannot come here; my colleague cannot come
here; the Senators from Oregon cannot come here
on the mileage that is now proposed. It will take
my pay and mileage, with §1,000 added to that,
for my proper, legitimate family expenses. If
this reduction is made, I, perhaps, may be able to
como here, and my colleague may, perhaps, be
able to come here; but gentlemen who may have
much more intellect, and may bo much better able
for the place, but who have not any of the ad-
vantages my colleague or myself possess, cannot
come here.
AH these laws for the reduction of compensa-
tion, all these demagogical propositions are tend-
ing to this: that no man can be a Senator, no man
can be a Representative, no man can be a Gov-
ernor, no man can be a judge, no man can fill any
of the officcs our country requires to be filled,
unless he be a man of wealth or he be a slave to
office. Therearethetwoconditions. Itis the weak-
ness our Government has exhibited to-day, which
it has exhibited all this winter. The weakness is
in their not making a man strong in officc. You
should make a President, a judge, a Governor, a
counselor, or whatever-he may be, strong in office,
and not compel him to—
" Crook the pregnant hingPH of the knee
That thrift may follow fawning."
There is wisdom in all this; and I say to you
that if I should remain in this Hall it will be simply
because of my stubbornness, and no man will como
into this Hall again from my coast under ihisbill
unless he is some great. fello%v, who, because he
is rich and can afford it, would represent the Pa-
cific coast. It is all wrong.
1 have always been in favor of having faithful
officers well paid. Our law as it stands now is not
right; I do not affirm it. But what is this ten per
cent, proposition ? Is it a rule based upon a law ?
Is there any ground for it ? Does it belong to the
system? If you want to change your system of
compensation, do it as a matter of business. Are
we not wise enough, are we not well informed
enough, to act as on a matter of business, and af-
firm what shall bo the just rule of compensation ?
Why deduct a percentage from all compensation,
averaging us and averaging the country? Wc are
getting below the point of legislation when we
engage in that kind of business.
Iieally, Mr. President, I did not design speak-
ing at all this evening; but I want to present my
emphatic protest against all this kind of legisla-
tion. I shall tie at war with it as long as I remain
in this Hall.
Mr. DOOHTTLE called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. RICR. 1 think that I earn a groat deal
more than I now receive, and I believe my con-
stituents think so too; but in order to be able to
act the demagogue or the patriot, I shall vote for
the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, tlrownilis;, Chandler, Coivail,
Davis, Dixon, JDoohtlk;, Foascnden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
flnilan, Hams, Howe, Johnson, Kin , Lane of Indiana,
Pcaree, i'oineioy, Powell, Itjce, S.iulsbuty, .Sherman, Ten
Evck, Thomson, Wade, VVill^y, Wihuot, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—:29.
NAYS—Messrs. Olaik, CoIJainer, Henderson, Latham,
JUcDougall, Moruil, Nesmuh, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and
Wilson of Missouri—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The fifth,
sixth, eleventh, twelfth, and fifteenth sections of
the amendment of the committee refer to other
acts. 11 is thought best that I he titles of those nets
should ho recited, instead of being men-iy referred
to in general teims, and I send to the Chair the
titles of the various acta to he inserted. I move
to amend the sections in that way. It is n mere
matter of form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section* re-
ferred to will be amended by unanimous consent
bo um to recite the titles of the various acts alluded
to. The Chair heavw no objection to that course.
The question is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
as amended.
Mr. HOWE. I move to strike out the ninth
section, and upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Several Senators. Let the section be read.
The Secretaiy icad, as follows;
See. 0. «'inr/ be it further enacted, That duttnjr the con-
tinuance of the proent lcbeihon, tlirro t-hall he deducted
fiom the compen-ation of all pcis#ons «-mplo\ed 111 the mil-
itary, naval, and civil sei vice of the United States, except
the President of the United States and the judges of the
courts of the United State*, and except wnirant oflifois
and salloia in the. Navy, and non-commisMoncd officers,
musicians, and privates jn the Annyand marine eoip^,ten
poi cent, of the amount of their compensation; and this
deduction shall apply to all allowances foi mileage, and for
commutation for seivants, forage, and lations, and to all
fees or contingent allowances paid for personal services
Horn the Treasuiy of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. I observe that the word
"except" occurs twice, when it should be but
once in the section. It excepts the President and
judges, and then excepts the privates,&c., of the
Army. That would leave the inference that the
President and the judges included the corporals,
&c., if we did not except them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The word "ex-
cept," where it occurs in the second place, will be
erased if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
The yeas and nays were taken on Mr. Howe's
motion to strike out the ninth section.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before the vote is an-
nounced, I wish to make a single remark.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. According to par-
liamentary law, it is not now in order; but if there
be no objection, the Senator will jtfd'ceed.
Jvlr. McDOUGALL. I understood distinctly
from the Senator from Ohio that this question
would not be debated, except so far as the expies-
sion of his opinions was concerned, until next
week. I want to be heard upon it. It is now
sprung upon me. 1 was called to my office on
other business, and on coming back and entering
the Hall accidentally, I saw that the debate was
going on, and I said what I felt at the moment
ought to be said. I say now, that a debate in the
Senate on this question to-day was not according
to what I supposed to be the understanding be-
tween the Senator from Ohio and myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Califor-
nia is laboring under a great mistake. I did not
introduce this bill; it was introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The result was then announced—yeas 2, nays
36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Howe, and McDougall—2.
NAYS—Messri?. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clarl?,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttlc, Fes^enden,
Font, Foster, ITatlnn, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, King,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, Moinll, Nesrmth. Pomeroy,
Powell. Rice, Saulssbuiy, Sherman, Sumnei, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, TrumbulJ, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—3G.
So the Senate refused to strike out the ninth
section.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the ninth sec-
tion by striking out the words " during the con-
tinuance of the present rebellion."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The language of
that section of the amendment has been modified
so as to read as it now docs, by the vote of the
body, and it is not in order to amend it fuither.
Mr. IIOWE. Then I move to recommit the
bill, if that motion is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is in
order.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin that the bill is now in Committee of
the Whole. The amendment will come up again,
and he will have a chance to move to amend it in
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the amend-
ments made in the Committee of the Whole shall
have been agreed to by the Senate, the bill will
be open to further amendment. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
to recommit the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure that that is neces-
sary to attain the object I wish to attain. Do I
understand that my amendment will be in order
when the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate r
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair may
be allowed to make a suggestion, he will say that
the original proposition now before the Senate is
an amendment proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs as a substitute for the bill. An
amendment to an amendment is the last stage.
The amendment to the amendment has been
adopted. Itmust, therefore, stand in those words.
In the Senate, when the question shall be on adopt-
ing it, it will be an amendment to an amendment,
and will not therefore be open to further amend-
ment. The only way in which it can be reached
will be to reject it, and then the Senator can offer
a new amendment in his own words.
Mr. HOWE. I move, then, to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs. I un-
derstand the Senate to have voted that the com-
pensation now allowed by law to the employes of
the Government is ten per cent, higher than it
ought to be—at least ten per cent, higher than it
ought to be during the war. I think it ought to
be as high in war *ys in peace; and whatever the
rate of compensation fixed may be, 1 want it to be
uniform. Upon the motion to recommit I call foi
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is evident that we can-
notget through with this bill to-night, and I think,
with the feeling of the Senate upon it, wc may as
well have a little more time for consideration be-
fore we go further, especially upon this motion.
I have not been present during the discussion,
having been necessarily absent in the performance
of my duties. There is a matter which ought to
bo attended to to-day in executive session, and I
move now that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of exccutivc business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Maine will allow the vote to be taken. The Sen-
