1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
ate seems to be almost unanimously in favor of
the bill, with only one or two against it. I think
we can soun pass the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there is
such a terrible hurry for passing the bill to-night.
I. have not had any time to deliberate upon it my-
self.
Mr. WILMOT. We can pass it in a few min-
utes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know you can pass it
in a few minutes, if you choose to hurry it through
without any deliberation or consideration. I in-
sist on my motion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to*, and after some time
spent in exective session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 6, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ARREST OF DISAFFECTED PERSONS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the Treasury note bill.
Mr. CONWAY. I ask the gentleman to give
way a moment, that I may offer a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will, if it does
not occupy any time.
Mr. CONWAY. It will not. I ask leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President bo requested to fuinl*>h this
House, it not incompatible with the public interest, with
the names of all persons arrested under the order of any
executive officer without a legal pioecss, and confined in
any of the toits or other prisons uf the countiy, (exclusive
ot'peisons taken as prisoners in war,) the lianjc^, respect-
ively, of the toitsor other prisons in winch &aid persons
have been or are confmcd, the date of their several attests,
together with a full statement of the charges and evidence
upon winch they weie arrested; alwo the names of tuch of
the aloie^-aid peisons as have since been discharged, the
date of their several dischaiges, and the reasons for the
same.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object; and insist on the
regular order of business.
TREASURY NOTES.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mallory in the
chair,) on the special order, which was the con-
sideration of House bill No. 240, to authorize the
issue of United States notes, and for the redemp-
tion or funding thereof, and for funding the float-
ing debt of the United States; on which the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] was entitled to
the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to re-
mind the committee that general debate on this bill
ceases at ton minutes past two o'clock.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
I intend to detain the committee buta little while.
I should not have sought the floor for the purpose
of offering any remarks but for the consideration
thai, in my judgment, this bill was being consid-
ered and discussed as it might with propriety have
been discussed and considered in time of pcace,
and when there was no pressing necessity for the
action of Congress m placing the Government in
possession of all the means and powers that can
be safely gathered and exercised under the Con-
stitution. If this question came up in ordinary
times I am frank to confess that 1 might perhaps
have had some doubt of its constitutionality suf-
ficient to induce me to oppose it: I mean by that
only to say that in time of peace, when the integ-
rity of the Governments not threatened, I would
be more careful and cautious; and if I doubted the
constitutionality of the measure I would not vote
for it. But, sir, in this our extremity, while we
are struggling to perpetuate our Government, I
am willing to go to the very verge of the Consti-
tution. I will go as far as I feel that the Consti-
tution will permit mc to gather up the power and
means to carry on the Government to that great
consummation which the fathers contemplated
when they established it. But while I might have
some doubt in time of peace, when the monetary
affans of the country might safely be left to work
out their own level and settlement, of the policy
of this measure, I have none now. What may be
policy in the one case may be vastly different in
the olher.
I treat this, Mr. Chairman, as emphatically and
clearly a war measure. It may appear strange that
a money bill should be considered a war measure,
and yet it is; for it is necessary, in order to raise
means to carry on the Government m a war drrec-
tion, a direction m which all our measures are or
should be tending. Sir, we should not disguise the
fact of our complications. We should not deceive
ourselves. The worstdeception that men ever prac-
tice is that practiced on themselves. We should
not allow ourselves to be deluded, now that wo
have a mighty rebellion, nay revolution, before
us, and that the Powers of the Old World, who have
looked with a jealous eye on the mighty progress
of the western continent, are seeking occasion to
cripple our onward ard upward career. Talk not
of their sympathy for us. Our Government an-
tagonizes theirs. The principles are different. We
must gird up our loins; we must take all the
power we have; we must throw every energy,all
the means of our Government, in the direction of
the war power, for tho purpose of self-presurva-
fion and perpetuation.
Mr. Chairman, we must look this matter in the
face not only of this continent, but in the face of
surrounding nations. We must come to the con-
clusion that although the world shall rise against
us, this Republic must and shall be preserved.
All the energy of the country, all the blood and
treasure of the country, if need be, must be sum-
moned in from every part of the land to accom-
plish that object. Sir, wo must give to this Gov-
ernment arms of iron and muscles of steel. We
must think as with fire and strike as with spears.
It is necessary, sir; it must be; and if we now
meet this emergency as true men should meet it,
we shall succeed. The money of the country
must come to Us aid, the powers of the Govern-
ment must come to the aid of the Administration,
as well as the strong hands and warm hearts of
our people.
Mr. Chairman, I am pained when I sit in my
place in the House and hear members talk about
the saeredness of capital; that the interests of
money must not be touched. Yes, sir, they will
vote six hundred thousand of the flower of the
American youth for the Army to be sacrificcd,
without a blush, but thegreat interests of capital,
of currency, must not be touched. We have sum-
moned the youth; they have come. I would sum-
mon the capital; and if it do not come voluntarily,
before this Republic shall go down, or one star be I
lost, 1 would take cvei y cent from the treasury of '
the States, from the treasury of capitalists, from
the treasury of individuals, and press it into the
use of the Government.
What is capital worth without a Government?
| Gentlemen must understand me, when 1 indulge
i in this strain and speak of this talk and quibble
' about capital, that I do not charge it upon the real
capitalists of the country, for they do not hold
back. The true capitalists of the country are pa-
triotic; they have furnished their means liberally;
but there ia a class of huckstering capitalists, there
is a class of bankers proper, there is a class of i
brokers, who would make merchandise of the
hopes and fears of the Republic.
Mr. Chairman, in saying this, I do it from a
sense of duty. I "feel this necessity of gathering
all the power we have got under the Constitution,
and placing !t in hands in which itmay be used for
the preservation of the nation. And I am glad
to say here that, in my poor judgment, there is a
determination in the Administration, there iscon-
fident determination in the Ad ministration, to save
this Government by the mostenergetic means that
you will place at its command. But in this great
stiuggle to save it all, if need be, we will peril all
and be wiped out from among the nations of the
earth,rather than to go down in disgrace.
But we must have no more cheerful surrender
of rebel prisoners, no more concessions, although
Russia and France and England and Spain and
all the Powers of the earth unite to demand it.
We must stand to our integrity, we must stand
by our guns and by the honor of the nation; and
then, if we arc worthy to be a nation and a peo~
pie, we shall succeed.
This subject of the issuance of Treasury notes
is important in this connection. The proposition
directly before the committee at this time is sim-
ply this: whether now that we must have money,
now that we must have a currency, we shall have
a good currency or a bad currency. The question
is in relation to the issuance of these notes; and
the great question is whether they shall be made
by law of value, whether, in other words, they
shall be made a legal tender; whether that pro-
vision shall be attached to them by the direction
of the legislative department of the Government,
or whether we shall fail to make that provision,
so that the harpies, when they have gorged them-
selves, may befoul all else of the feast? It is a
question whether we shall have a currency that
will pass by law and have intrinsic value, by the
operation of law in this, that it pledges all the
capital of the nation for the ultimate redemption
of the notes; whether for that reason we shall have
a currency that shall pass from hand to hand, or
whether we shall have a currency that shall be
placed at the mercy of the banking institutions
and brokers of the country who will seek to, and
doubtless succeed, in its depreciation ?
The exigencies of the times require some action
upon this subject; but the exigencies of the times
do not require me, and never will require me, to
vote for a law that is in violation of the Constitu-
tion, whether in the shape of this bill oranyother
bill, for the purpose of carrying on this Govern-
ment; for when th« Congress of the .United States
itself violates the Constitution, it is but mockery
to say that we are carrying on a war under the
Constitution for the purpose of maintaining the
Constitution.
But, sir, upon this subject, in looking over the
history of the country, in looking- through the
judicial and legislative judgment in relation to this
power, I have satisfied* myself that we have fairly
the power under the Constitution to make these
notes a legal tender; in other words, to give them
value by means of legislation, in the manner I
have before indicated, in pledging the entire prop-
erty of the country for their ultimate redemption.
It is said there is no power to make them a legal
tender, and that that is not a legitimate way of
expressing their value* If gentlemen are sure
upon that subject, they would do well to run back
a little further, and ascertain whether there is any
power under the Constitution, vested in Congress,
to issue the notes at all. And I confess the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Plndle-
ton] ran back legitimately to that proposition.
At least it carried my mind back to that proposi-
tion so fairly and certainly that if I fuund no power
to issue these notes 1 would have voted against
this bill. To that my mind has turned with every
argument that has been made. I may have been
obtuse, but I confess that I have come to the con-
clusion that we have the constitutional power to
issue these notes; and having that constitutional
power, we have, as an incident to that power, the
power also to make them of value.
What, sir, is the history of legislative and ju-
dicial proceedings upon this subject? The mind
is carried back in response to this question to the
chartcrof the United States Bank, created sub-
stantially for the purpose of aiding the monetary
affairs of the country. The question was early
mooted whether the United States Bank was con-
stitutional or not. That question went to the Su-
preme Court of the United States; and itwasthfere
decided, according to my recollection—though I
have not read that decision latterly—that, under
the power to regulate commerce, for the benefit of
commeice, to aid commerce, Congress had the
power to create a United States Bank. What was
that for? Was it merely a declaratory measure
of the rights of the persons engaged in commerce?
Not a hit of it. It was to make a currency for
commerce; it was to aid commerce in the means
of exchanging commodities; it was to make a
circulating medium*, it was to make a representa-
tive of value. That is all it was. In other words,
it was to make money. It was to make money
for the purpose* of commerce; and gentlemen
may disguise it as they please, the people knew
when they received a United States Bank bill, it
meant that for which they could safely exchange
their commodities. It was money; and in no other
way can commerce be benefited by this regulating
power. It was to make moaey, in the ordinary
acceptation of the term. Cottgfess pas ecu the law *
