1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
1701
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chairman, the construction
of a railroad which shall unite the waters of the
Atlantic with those of the Pacific, will be the con-
summation of the greatidea which filled the mind
of Columbus when he discovered a new world.
It will unite this continent, and all western and
commercial Europe with the richest trade of the
world, by a more direct route than it is possible to
secure in any othey* way. It will place our Gov-
ernment in a just and merited position among the
leading nations of the earth, by compelling them
to pay a tribute to it for the enjoyment of a com-
merce, which is the chief source of their wealth.
And as we are about to suppress a rebellion by
which perfidious traitors have sought to overthrow
and destroy our Government, and thus demoli-
sh ate our great military power, and the stability
of our institutions, it seems to me to be an appro-
priate time to organize this great enterprise. It
will be most fit that we should crown our victo-
ries of war with this higher and nobler victory of
peace.
It is not a wild fancy to suppose that Provi-
dence has reserved us for such a destiny and such
a history as this. No people on earth have been
so blessed by God's piotectmg care as we have.
There is nothing, or scarcely anything, which is
orcaii i>t made the source of wealth,, prosperity,
or happiness which we do not possess. All the
varieties of soil, climate, and production are ours;
and while the tide of rebellion is now rolling back
before the march of our gallantarmies, we should
be untrue to ourselves if we did not stretch forth
our hands to seize upon a commerce for which the
world has struggled from the time when the Mid-
diamtish merchants brought their spices and
myrrhs of the East across the plains of Asia.'
The time is not inappropriate in another sense.
England and France, the acknowledged nvals for
years which exceed m number the age of our na-
tion, are employing all the agency which wealth
and diplomacy can furnish to obtain a direct route
to India, not only for the purpose of securing the
wealth of India, China, and Japan, but to retain
a controlling influence over the commerce of the
woihl. English enterprise has projected a rail-
road freni the eastern shores of the Meditei rnneun
to the Euphrates, but it has met with a cheek in
the unflinching enmity of the Aiab tribes who
roam the plains where the flocks of the patriarchs
were fed. England already-owns and occupies
several unfortified points on the Red sea,and both
she and Prance are struggling to overcome the
impediments which nature has thrown in the way
of accomplishing the great idea which filled the
mind of Alexander when he built the city of Alex-
andria, that of uniting the waters of the Red sea
with those of the Mediterranean, by canal. Their
habitual and long-cherished jealousy has thus fur
prevented the concentration of their united ener-
gies in the work, until each nation is afraid to in-
vest its capital alone in so uncertain and hazardous
an enterprise.
At such a time as this, and when all the nations
of Europe are agitated with political complica-
tions, which it may be that the sword alone can
•cut, it is most appropriate for us to assert our true
position in the world of commerce, and by putting
.forth our energies m the construction of this great
highway, become, as I liust it is our destiny to
be, the gieatest nation of the earth.
These are only a few of the foreign aspects of
the question, and are refeired to only to show that
the present condition of the world is such as to
make that whicn is manifestly our interest also an
imperative duty, unless there is some domestic
ditricuity in the way.. Such difficulties have been
siated, but arc they well founded? Even tho^e
who have heretofoie been most noted for what
they call a strict consti uction of the Constitution,
admit that we have an undoubted power to build
such a road if it is a military necessity. And who
can doubt that such a necessity now exists in a
far greater degree than it ever existed in any na-
tion before? Our internal security demands that we
should tie together with iron bands our Atlantic
and Pacific shores, not only that we may be ena-
bled to defend every portion of our soil against
foreign invasion, if it shall ever come, but against
all such domestic foes as those who have rendered
their names accursed by the present iniquitous
rebellion.
A question of great moment is thatgrowing out
of the present condition of our finances, when we
arc just inaugurating a new scheme of taxation,
which wtll put the patriotism and patience of our
people to the severest test. But, properly con-
sidered, this objection is not insurmountable, for
the plain reason that the present bill does not pro-
pose to raise a dollar by taxation for the purpose
of constructing the road. An accurate and care-
ful examination of the scheme will show that it is
a self-sustaining one; and that although the Gov-
ernment lends it credit—which is the representa-
tive of its wealth—it is not required to draw the
money from the pockets of the people. The only
question, in this connection, which is to be con-
sidered is, whether or no the road can be con-
structed upon a line and through a portion of the
country where it will secure, during the progress
of its construction, a sufficient amount of trade and
transportation to produce revenue equal to the
interest upon the cost of construction; for it is
conceded on all hands that if it does, when com-
pleted, it must, from the nature of things, secure
an amount of business sufficient to make it the
source of profit to those by whose energy and
enterprise it shall be built. While, when this re-
sult has been attained, it may notruri all our great
ocean steamers 'from the sea, yet this road must,
by the irresistible laws of trade, draw to it so
much of what they now transport as to add vastly
to its receipts. The freights of the ocean once made
Spain the most prosperous nation upon earth, and
when the superior energy and enterprise of neigh-
boring nations wrested these freights from her,
she sank down to inferiority, if not decay. Hol-
land built her dykes into the sea, and erected
cities upon them, by these freights; and even
England herself, with all her boasted superioiity,
would have lost much of her power and suprem-
acy, if the wealth of her East India Company
had not gone to swell her coffers. If we can suc-
ceed, as undoubtedly we shall by building this
road, to draw a large share of these freights to this
great thoroughfaie, we will have opened a mine
of wealth far iicher than the mines of California
and Austrabacombined.
In this view of the question, therefore, it is only
important for us to know whether the road can be
constructed upon such a line as will furnish do-
mestic trade and commerce enough to make it a
paying road, as each section of it shall be com-
pleted. That is the inquiry to which our examin-
ation should pioperly he confined.
If we look upon a map of the United States, with
a view to ascertain those sections where our pop-
ulation has mostly aggregated, and from which
our wealth is not only now but must in the future
be principally drawn, we cannot fail to observe
that it is chiefly confined to a centiarbelt, which
is lapidly extending itself, so that it is destined
soon to span the whole continent. 1 have tables
neaily prepared, which I will publish with my
remaiks, and which will be of assistance in the
consideiatton of this subject. The three States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois now contain a pop-
ulation of over 5,000,000—one fourth of the pres-
ent population of the loyal States—more than
4,000,090 of whom have been drawn there within
the memory of the youngest member of this House.
It we add to this the population of Pennsylvania,
New Yoik, and New Jersey upon the cast—mak-
ing the great commercial emporium ofNew York
the central starting point—and that of Missouri,
Iowa, and Kansas (jirectiy upon the west, it will
be seen that this belt contains an aggregate pop-
ulation of 14,823,149, nearly one half of our whole
population, including that in the disloyal States;
and yet, in the whole, the.su are but nine States
out of the thirty-four which compose the Union.
And not only is there t li is gi eat aggregation of pop-
ulation in this belt, but there is no portion of the
world where theie is a more general diffusion of
prosperity and wealth, or where there is moreen-
terprise and intelligence If we go beyond the
present and indulge ourselves in anticipating the
future of these States we shall find it impossible to
make even an approximate estimate of their pros-
perity and greatness. While the population in
many of the older States is so much crowded as
to forbid much furthcrexpansion, in all the States
west of the Ohio river it may be increased many
fold without occupying all the uncultivated land.
No human imagination is vivid enough to conceive
what multitudes of people may be sustained by
their products, which are increasing every year
with marvelous rapidity.
Not only, therefore, do the wealth and popula-
tion within this belt of country demonstrate its
capacity to contribute more largely than any other
section to the support of a Paciac railroad, but
already it has its own systems of railroads which-
constitute a net-work upon its surface, each link
of which will contribute to the support of a thor-
oughfare to the Pacific. These roads have their
converging points at the centers of interior and
local trade; but they all have the city of New York
as their common center of trade, and pour their
wealth into its lap, as the streams and rivers pour
their waters into the ocean.
Hcnce it is palpable, to the most uninformed
observer, that in building a railroad to the Pacific
it must have its eastern terminus so as to be im-
mediately connected with this central belt, in
order to secure from the beginning of the enter-
prise that support which is absolutely necessary
to maintain it; for if it shall have as a terminus
any point which shall fail to furnish this support,
it is very evident that it must fail. Everybody
can see that it will be utterly impossible to con-
struct the road if we have to wait until it is fin-
ished before it shall begin to return a revenue to
those who construct it. Not a dollar of money
could be horiowed to build a road upon such a
plan. A proposition of this kind made to the
great money-lenders of the world would not only
excite a smile, but positive derision.
Keeping this leading idea in view, let us exam-
ine the proposed routes in a practical manner, so
as to avoid the danger, if possible, of falling into
an impracticable and impossible scheme; exclud-
ing of course any consideration ofthat down the
valley of the Gila and through the Territory of
Arizona, us one not likely, at this time, for the
most palpable reasons, to have many advocates,
those remaining to be considered are the route
up the valley of the Platte river and through the
South Pass of the Rocky mountains, by SaltLake
City, and that up the valley of the Kansas river,
which crosses the mountains near the head waters
of the Arkansas river.
The route through the South Pass is objection-
able, to my mind, for many reasons, which I will
endeavor to make as plain as possible, without
consuming much of the time of the committee.
It is about eight hundred and fifty miles from
the mouth of thcJPlattc river, in Nebraska Terri-
tory, to the South Pass, and upon the whole route
there are but few points at which timber fit for a
railroad can be found within a reasonable distance
of the line of the road. The only timber found
upon the banks of this river is cottonwood, which
is entirely unfit for railroad purposes, except a
small quantity ofcedar, scarcely enough to be con-
sideied an objectofinterest. Fort Laramie, which
lies on the north fork of the Platte, is about five
hundred and fifty miles from the mouth, and for
about one hundred miles of the distance between
that point and the South Pass there could be suf-
ficient timber procured by going some distance to
the mountains. Beyond this to the Pass and at
the Pass, and as far beyond it as Fort Bridger,
which is one hundred miles, timber could only be
procured at a great distance from the road. And
it would even be difficult to obtain it for most of
the way from there to Salt Lake City, one hun-
dred and thirteen miles further. There is not,in
fact, one hundred and fifty miles of the whole line
fiom the mouth of the river to Salt Lake City, a
distance of eleven hundred and fifty miles, where
timber can be procured without great (rouble and
expense. All practical minds will see at once that
this is not only a serious but fatal objection.
Hut it is no less impracticable, in another view,
to construct a railroad through the South Pass,
even if there were an abundance of timber, on ac-
count of the heavy snow storms to which that re-
gion of country is subject. This Pass is in latitude
4^0 15' N., and it is very well known that there
the snow sometimes falls several feet in depth.
There aie but a few months in the year when this
region is exempt from snow, it generally falling
in every month except June, July, and August;
and not only w.>uld the usefulness of a road
through this Pass be impaired by the ordinary
depth of snow during the greater part of the year,
but owing to the fact that the winds are drawn,
both from the East and the West, through the Pass
