THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
and the Supreme Court declared it constitutional,
vipoll the principle that/, under the power to reg-
ulate commerce, to assist commerce, to benefit com-
merce, Congress had the power to accomplish the
desired object. The Constitution gave it the means
of accomplishment.
What, sir, was the next step? I ask the atten-
tion of my'friends upon the left, as well as on the
right, to this proposition. After this the policy
of the issuance of Treasury notes was adopted.
What for? To pay the debts that, according; to
the opinion of gentlemen, were due in coin. They
voted for it. The gentleman who spoke the other
day, if 1 recollect rightly—perhaps I may be mis-
taken—has voted more than once, since I have
been with him in the House, for the issue ofTreas-
ury notes. For what purpose? To pay the in-
debtedness of the General Government; to aid in
the commercial transactions of the country; to
make a circulating medium that answered as the
means of exchange and to take the place of money,
if it suits my friend to call it that rather than
irioney itself. Why,I ask, did not the gentleman
rise then and say that it was unconstitutional to
make a circulating medium, and the ways and
means of commerce easy? Did they then say that
they paid to the creditors of the United States that
which was valueless? No, sir; they made money
for them. When the gentleman and 1 voted, and
those who oppose this bill, then voted, for coin-
ing—or making, if tlie language is better liked —
Treasury notes, they and I voied to make money
and put it afloat. They said to the men who were
to receive it," This is currency which we furnish
you under the legislation of Congress, authorized
by the Constitution," Now,sir, is it not too late
to say that there is not power to issue this kind
of currency? I plant myself upon this broad
ground, that if there ever was a question, it has
been settled by t-he decision of the Supreme Court.
It has been settled by the action of almost every
Congress that 1 can remember. It has been set-
tled by the action of this House itself. I say that
it has been unalterably settled, so that'I do not
stop further to consider about the power of Con-
gress to make this issue.
Wluu next? Having power to make this issue
for the purposes of commerce, to he used as money
and to pay our creditors, then 1 ask in good faith
and in all candor why there is not power to fix its
value ? You have said that this little piece of green-
tinted paper is five dollars. You have said indi-
rectly that every creditor of the Government shall
receive it as such. As such it is made payable to
the creditors of the Government. My friend says,
*'Oh! no." Perhaps 1 am mistaken in the precise
language of past legislation; that, however, is im-
material. I have too little time to discuss that. I
will now go to what gentlemen are now saving.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Read the last line
on the Treasury notes.
Mr. P. A. CONICLING. Nobody is compelled
to tAke lhem.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Itreads: "Receiv-
able in payment of all public dues."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. What was it paid
for? Who got it from the Treasury ? Answer me
that. It was received by the man or men that the
Treasury owed. 1 nni now told that the creditors
of the Government are not compelled to receive
it. Sir, they were compelled to receive it or get
nothing for what was due them, for it was issued
because the Government Imd not the means to pay
its debts without its issuance. At best, the gen-
tleman's policy, according to his own views, did
that by indirection which he is not now willing to
do by direct means. That is the whole of it.
I wassaying that if we have the power to issue,
wehaveaiso the power to fix.the value of the issue,
it is an incident to the power of issuance. It is
to carry out in good faith that power. If you do
not issue these notes to take the place of money—
to represent money—-then in God's name do not
issue them. Do not give to the people that which
they will not understand. Let there be no de-
ception; letthecreditorsof the Government know
whether or not the Government is trying to palm
off upon them a spurious, depreciated currency
under the guise of money. If we have the right
■ 'SSUL*and to ""press It with the denomination
-of five dollars, and pay it out for five dollars why
not stamp upon its face that it is five dollars every-
where ? '
Ibadalmostpaesed,because ofthe interruption of
my remarks, the point that I wished to make upon
the action ofthe present House. I have heard gen-
tlemen all around discuss this proposition, saying
that we should make these Treasury notes paya-
ble to the creditors of the Government and receiv-
able for Governmentduns. I understood thegen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to introduce
that proposition. I understood gentlemen all
around me to agree that we should make them pay-
able for the indebtedness of the Government. I
am ccrtain that I heard the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Sheffield] declare that he was will-
ing to make these notes payable to the creditors
of the Government and receivable for Government
dues. But he said that it was dishonest to make
them a legal tender between individuals. Sir, I
was shoclced at this declaration. Is it dishonest
to make it a legal tender between gentlemen who
are at home at their ease and making money out
of our complications and calamities; dishonest to
compel them to receive it as currency, and honest
to pay your six hundred thousand soldiers in the
same currency ? Is it dishonest to make the traf-
ficker, the huckster, the broker, the banker, the
speculator.take this money for their debts, and
honest to pay it to our private soldiers who are
fighting for this Government at thirteen dollars
per month—men who are our peers, our sons, ou^
brothers; men who at this inclement season are
undergoing the hardships of the camp and the
dangers of the battle-field ? Dishonest, it is said,
to pay these notes to the banks and compel them
to receive them at par. Thank God! that there are
few of them in Illinois. They have been mostly
obliterated, as they ought to be.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. They were western wild
cats.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And let me say
that the wild cat concerns of Illinois have been car-
ried on by eastern speculators. As it is sometimes
said, the bottom has dropped out of them and they
are no longer in existence. We had more than
eight millions of dollars of that currency, and we
have lost by theingenuity ofbankersofNew York,
Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts
from twenty to sixty per cent, on that amount.
When thegontleman from Rhode Island speaks of
western banks and bankers, I ask him where is
the Central Bank of Rhode Island?—a specimen
article of wild cat banks.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The Governor of Illinois
got control of it, put it into his pocket, and carried
U off. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, That Governor
has gone out of office and I make no defense for
him. He not only pocketed that bank, but he
pcffcketcd money from the treasury of Illinois. He
went to Rhode Island, got his hand in with that
bank, and learned his trade well, before he pock-
eted the_ funds of our State. [Renewed laugnter.]
I say, sir, that the policy which makes payment
in Treasury notes to the soldier proper and honest,
and dishonest to make them a legal tender in pay-
ment of private debts, is a policy that I denounce
as unjust and indefensible. I denounce and con-
demn it unless it shall be equally binding upon
the citizen at home as the soldier in the field. Sir,
to the winds with such logic, and to the devil
with such morals.
What is this legal tender? Is it found in the
Constitution? Gentlemen seem to admit every-
where that gold and silver are a legal tender. I
challenge any gentleman to put his finger upon
the clause of the Constitution that expressly de-
clares that anything shall be a legal tender, or
that Congress shall have the power to make any-
thing a legal tender. You cannot find it. Yet.
sir, everybody seems to understand that gold and
silver are a legal tender. What is it that the Con-
stitution declares? That Congress shall have
power to regulate commerce, to coin money, and
regulate the value thereof. What is this power of
coining money and the regulation of the value
thereof? Certainly the power to issue anything
in the nature of coin that is to operate as a circu-
lating medium. Gold and silver are not mentioned
here, and there is not a gentleman who will not
admit that the Government can coin and make
money out of iron, or brass, or copper.
Here let me answer the objection that my col-
league has sometimes made, that you cannot by
legislation make a dollar out of something that is
intrinsically worth only eighty cents. Why, sir,
I gay that yoXt do it nil the time. Gold has it©
alloy, silver has its alloy infused into it for the
purpose of reducing its intrinsic value. My fi iend
from New York [Mr. F. A. ConklingJ shakes
his head, but it is certainly so. My friend seems
incredulous on every tender point 1 strike. [Laugh-
ter.] If you can alloy gold, and fix by law the
value of that alloy, otherwise worthless, can you
not also fix the legal value of this bill? [Exhibiting
Treasury note.] The principle is the same. All
agree that we have a right to give legal value by
legislation to worthless alloy in coin, and yet many
deny the right to fix a legal value to a Treasury
note, for the payment of which the faith and prop-
erty of the nation are pledged. Certainly this is
a kind of legal logic I cannot adopt.
Well, now, sir, what is a legal tender? It is
the fixed legal value of that which circulates as a
medium; and by fixing the legal value of anything
which becomes a currency you make it a legal
tender. If I owe you fifty dollars, I may pay it
in that cuirency to which is affixed a legal value;
and when judgment is recovered against me for
fifty*dollars I can pay it in anything that is by
law fifty dollars. When you fix the value of coin,
of lead, or iron, or copper,and of the alloy in gold
and silver, ycu establish a legal tender, and that
is all there is of it; and I say you can do it in a
note as well as in coin of any kind.
I come, then, to the conclusion that having the
power to issue this paper, you have the power to
fix and regulate its value. I base this conclusion,
I again remark, upon the continuous action of the
legislative department of this Government from
its earliest days, and the repeated decisions of the
Supreme Court in that direction.
Now, sir, assuming that to be proved—and it
is proved to myself, if to nobody else—I wish to
call the attention of the committee for a few mo-
ments to the policy of this measure. What will
be its effect? If you make this paper a legal
tender, it goes out to the country as the national
circulating medium. It may depreciate, and prob-
ably it will depreciate, to some extent—that, how-
ever, depends on many contingencies—but the
extent to which it will depreciate will depend en-
tirely upon the means that you leave open to
designing men to make and create combinations
to depreciate it. It is said, however, that this will
be like the currency of the early Confederacy. It
will be just like it, sir, I admit, if the condition of
the country is just what it was then. They issued
many millions of the Continental currency, and it
depreciated. Why? Because theie was no prop-
erty in the country, there was no money in the
country. Three millions of people had warred and
were warring on for seven years with a great and
powerful nation across the Atlantic. They had
taken up arms. They had left the plow and the
hammer, and had taken the sword. Reaping was
almost unknown, except for the sustenance of the
Army. Under such circumstances, how could a
currency based upon property, as all currency
must be, be valuable? They had come to this
point; they had nerved themselves for the great
struggle. They had sacrificed commerce, the arts,
the sciences, and all the pursuits from which profit
flows. They had gone to the tented field, and
yet they must have some circulating medium.
They passed a bill emitting this kind of money,
and of necessity, when peace came, and before it,
it depreciated simply because it had little or no
property base on which to rest. How is it now?
We have a country that is laboring with wealth
—teeming with commerce and valuable produc-
tions. We have all the productions of this mighty
nation pledged for the ultimate redemption of this
paper. If the cases are parallel, the results will
be parallel. If the facts in the two cases are alike,
so alike will be the fruits of the two measures, but
not otherwise.
It is said that the money of the confederate
States has gone down. And why, sir? They
have no commerce. They have not the produc-
tive and industrial elements that we have. They
have not the elements of wealth that we have.
But more than all that, sir, they have no govern-
ment in which men have confidence. The arch
traitor rebel Davis himself has no confidence in
his government, and why should it have credit?
To make property or currency based on Govern-
ment pledges valuable, we must have a Govern-
ment in which the people have confidence. We
must infuse this confidence into the Government,
for without it it is of little moment to me whether
