2662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
bor;,these seized forts improved, new ones built,
armed forces organized, Port Sumter surrounded
by well-protected hostile batteries; arms beyond
their proportion in these States; public revenue
seized; Navy scattered in distant seas; imuiy of-
ficers of Army and Navy resigned and in arms
against the Government; ordinances of secession
adopted, and the confederate congress invoking
recognition and intervention abroad; the friends
of the Union alarmed, hesitating about measures,
and when adopted, doubtful how far the people
would sustain them. The property not yet wrested
from the Government was merely held, rind mails
afforded in the scceded States at the Government
expense, with no adequate provision made by
Mr, Buchanan for reinforcing the forts. Scarcely
a sign of national life.
In the House of Representatives, when Mr.
Garnctt, of Virginia, announced that " one of the
sovereign States of the confederacy has, by the
glorious act of her people, withdrawn in vindica-
tion of her rights," there was clapping of hands.
In the Senate, when Mr. Benjamin declared that
the rebel States could never be subjugated, ha
was greeted with vociferous applause and uproar.
Ratification meetings of secession were held in
every slave State.x As far North as Delaware,
Wilmington fired one hundred guns in honor of
secession of South Carolina. In Brooklyn, New
York, even the navy-yard was put in arms, in
entire force, to be ready to put down organized
bodies sympathizing with secession there. There
were presses, clergymen, public functionaries at
the North; and almost the entire Breckinridge
Democratic party were doubting about the right
of coercion—traiiora to their country. This city
swarmed with them, and 1 regret that it is not yet
garnished. Mr. Speaker, it will not do to deal
gently with aristocratic traitors. They must feel
severely and protractedly the force of Government
and of law, until the law becomes, as of old," a
terror to evil doers." Those very persons are
now sympathizing with the movement, and aid-
ing it to organize and resuscitate the Democracy
which has brought all this ruin upon us.
And now what was the effect produced upon the
country by the Sumter heroes holding on till the
last, and maintaining the honor of our flag? The
loyal people of the North were united, the heaits
of millions fired, an army of half a million, as if
by magic, marshaled, now currying the flag of the
nation into the remotest part of our land; a firm
country, no more ruled over by slavery propa-
gandists and a venal northern Democracy, bow-
ing popularly low to a southern aristocracy for
the loaves and fishes of office; no more a nation
losing almost the name of liberty, and the form of
the ancient republic; a nation no more almost
doomed to slavery and anarchy, ready for mili-
tary despotism, and the fate ofdegtaded, demor-
alized Mexico; the European wotld astounded,
giving us immunity in the future from lepetition
of Anglican insults in adversity, and perfect free-
dom from any formidable rebellion again in this
land; readiness for patriotic duty hereafter, edu-
cated boldly to meet the issues of coming events,
trusting God and the people.
The Speaker of this House, on the 4th of July,
3861, on taking Ins seat, well said:
UAII parties, sect:*, and conditions of men," < *
* * " foi jotting bygone mm oi  and prejudices, blend
in one united phalanx lot the mtcguty of the Union and the
peipetuityol tlieRepuhlic." * * * * <kTI e
nieichant, the banker, and the tiadoman, with an alacuty
unparalleled, piofler theii nil at the alter or* their country,
while fiom tne counter, workshop, and plow, biave hearts
and stout amis, leaving then tasks unfinished, ru&h to the
tented field."
The Secretary of War spoke of the spectacle
as " taking rank among the most extraordinary
facts of history." It was not the mere bunting,
the target of rebel bullets, the mere stais and
stripes being fired at that awakened the nation. It
was this symbolical interestand power, respected
abroad, and hereafter to be honored at home. The
emblem of past honor, peace and union, personal
protection, domestic security, religious freedom,
and national greatness—the emblem of liberty and
progress, education for the masses and hope for
pu&ieiUy*—the emblem hallowed by the sufferings
of our iorefathsis and bloody contests on many
a battle-field sanctified by faith, hope, and mem-
ory. This glorious emblem was insulted, and
dearly will the msulr be avenged. The suffeiings
of Anderson's gallant band have well-nigh ex-
hausted their number, and the strength and health
of the surviving. But can we, Mr. Speaker, ever
forget Port Sumter and the gallant Anderson ? is
it not befitting that Congress should order some-
thing commemorative of this event, perpetuating
it by the proposed medals? From the earliest
dawn ^f art we have specimens, now in good
preservation,celebrating the tiiumphsof the hero,
the achievements of science, and the prowess of
consolidated legions. The coins and medals of
ancient Rome tell us of grand aqueducts, colis-
eums, and temples, of the glory of Caesar and the
infamy of Nero and Caligula. So let us commem-
orate our buildings, events, and heroes. Let the
proposed medals be historic in character, elegant
m design, appropriate in composition, and beau-
tiful in execution—an encouragement to the loyal
and brave, to the young and ambitious of distinc-
tion, that they may strive not for selfish glory,
but for their own honor through and by their
country; her glory—theirs; her renown their re-
nown; and with such men as our defenders—
men of Sumter faith, purity, integrity, and patri-
otism—men who fear God, men of truth, honor,
and valor, our country, our Union, our liberty,
will be safe. With such defenders—
"The star-spangled banner forever shall wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave."
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolutions
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
SERVICE ON NEW POSTAL ROUTES.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back House bill No.499,
making an appropriation for the postal servicc on
post routes established at the present session of
Congress.
The bill was read. It appropriates §150,000 for
postal service on such new routes established by
the present Congress as the Postmaster General
may deem necessary and expedient.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. J raise the pointof
order that this bill, making an appropriation, must
he considered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the point of order will
not be insisted on. The bill is necessary to put
in operation the new post routes. It is recom-
mended by the Post Office Department, and by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I hold in my baud a letter from the Department
on the subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let the letter be
read. This bill appropriates $150,000. Time was
when a bill of that amount would have called for
some discussion.
The letter was read, as follows:
Post Office Department, Contract Office,
Washington, June 10, 186*2.
Gentlemen: I am directed by the I'o.^tm.ister Geneiai to
s>ay, in reply to a note of this date fiom George A I5as>ott,
ihat an appreciation will be ncces-aiyto put mtoopeia-
tion the po-tal service on <-uch loutes sw have been estab-
lished bv the. present Conjrri'Kf*, and that the .sum named in
the bill is coDMdeicd Midieient to tuinish the semceon
sueli mutes may be deemed moH nnpoitant. The de-
mand tor mueascd mm' i.ieihtie- w a-f never .sopieat upon
the Impairment :w .'it tins time, when co m  ny aie anxnuio
to obtain the eailie.n infounation fiom then fuends en-
gaged in tiie wai lor the Union. The appioprianon is,
there!ore, recommended.
The hilt is relumed lietcuith.
I have the honor to be your mo^t obedient servant,
GEOKGE W. McLELLAN,
Second sistaut Postmaster General.
To the Committee of Ways and
House of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENS. The Post Office Committee
prepared this bill and had it referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. We all concurred
in recommending its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
from the gentleman what necessity is there for
passing this bill immediately, without the usual
forms. One or two days' delay can make no pos-
sible difference.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will permit me, I think I will satisfy the
gentleman from Ohio. The Post Office appropri-
ation bill for the nextfiscal year, from July, 1862,
to July, 1863, has already been passed, and is now
a law. It contains no appropriation for service
on the post routes established at the present ses-
sion of Congress. Unless this appropriation be
made, there cannot be service put on any of these
new routes until July, 1863, one year from now.
The Post Office Department being anxious to give
postal facilities to the people, particularly in view
of the correspondence between soldiers and their
families, has recommended the passage of this
bill. If it be passed, the Department will adver-
tise immediately,and put service on all the routes
that may be deemed necessary during the present
summer. If not passed, service cannot be put on
till a year hence. There is a very large increase
of correspondence, growing out of the fact that
there are six or seven hundred thousand men in
the field, separated from their families. This has
increased very much the postal revenue of the
Department. The receipts from letter postage
now are as large in the loyal States as they were
in all the States of the Union before the rebellion.
Mr.'VALLANDIGHAM. I do not desire to
be unnecessarily tenacious about a matter of this
kind. At the same time I would very much pre-
fer a bill of this character to have gone through
the usual forms. If gentlemen arc determined to
insist upon it, I do not wish to appear ungracious.
Mr. STRVENS. Oh, no, I certainly will not
insist on it. I move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As the gentleman
seems to be determined that this bill shall pass
without further deliberation, 1 will withdraw my
objection to its consideration in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, of course, I withdraw
my motion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD GRANT TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introdueed a joint resolution relative to a certain
grant of lands for railroad purposes to the State
of Michigan, made in 1856; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select com-
mittee on lake defenses.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled joint resolution (H.
R. No. G8) authorizing the payment of certain
moneys heretofore appropriated for the completion
of the Washington aqueduct; when the Speaker
signed the same.
PAY, ETC., OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the votes given yes-
terday rejecting the eleventh and twelfth amend-
ments of the Committee on Military Affairs to the
bill of the Senate (No. 175) to define the pay and
emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes. I desire to have the motion
entered. I shall not press its consideration until
the House gets through with the bill.
Mr. HALE. I desire to enter a motion to recon*
sider the vote by which the House agreed to the
ninth amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motions to reconsider were entered and
passed over for the present.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. DUNLAP. Mr. Speaker, I was neces-
sauly absent on Monday last when the resolutions
with regard to the fugitive slave law were under
consideration, and I desire now to be permitted to
reeoi d my vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
objection has been made by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to the recording of votes
by members who are absent when their names
are called. In theabsence of the gentleman from
Missouri, the Chair feels that he must enforce the
objection.
Mr. DUNLAP. I desire to say that if I bad
been present I should have voted against any mod-*
ification or repeal of that law.
Mr. WALTON. I desire to sav that if I had
been present 1 should have voted against my friend
from Kentucky.
SALARIES OF OFFICERS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. WASHBURNJE, by unanimous consent,
