1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
with great violence,thesnowdrifts to such a depth
as to render the passage of cars impossible during
many portions of the year. This is an insur-
mountable objection; for neither science, skill, nor
energy can overcome such obstacles as these.
Theyare produced by the laws of nature, which
• can neither be regulated nor controlled by the
laws of man; and if there were none other, they
would settle the question, in my mind, beyond
cavil or controversy. But there is still another
objection of a most serious character. The whole
population at this time between the mouth of the
Platte river and Utah Territory, does not reach
two thousand in number; and not more than one
tenth of the whole distance can ever become an
agricultural country. That part of it which is
susceptible of cultivation lies within one hundred
and fifty miles of the Missouri river; and there is
not within this distance timber enough to justify
the improvement of more than one tenth part of
it, and'what timber there is, is soft cottonwood.
The lino of a road up this valley would not ap-
proach nearer to Den ver City than about two hun-
dred and eighty miles; so that, m point of fact, as
anybody can see, there is neither population nor
commerce to attract a road, or to sustain it after
it is built.
It is worthy also of remark that there is no rail-
road at present constructed nearer to the mouth
of the Platte river than one hundred and twenty
miles. It is not probable that, in the present con-
dition of that country, this intervening space will
be occupied by a road, built by individual enter-
prise, lor a good many years to come.
The route up the valley of the Kansas river, by
Fort Pulley, and crossing the mountains cither at
the Chochetopi Pass or some other in that neigh-
borhood, is so far preferable to the Platte route
that they will scarcely boar comparison. Very
few, if any, of the objections which m.iy be urged
against the hitter exist as it legards this route.
Taking Fort Leavenworth, in Kansas, as the
starting point, the distance, by the valley of the
Kansas and Arkansas river to theUoeky mount-
ains, is ft oni six hundred to six hundred and fifiy
miles. Over the whole of this line there is very
nearly a natural grade the whole way, and, con-
sidering the distance, it would be one of the
straightcst and most duvet roads in the world. A
road upon this line could be constructed with hut
little labor, as Jt would be confined almost entirely
•to the valleys of the Kansas and Arkansas rivers
—much of ihe country over which it would have
to pass being a natural grade.
The valley of Ihe Kansas river, from its mouth
for one hundred and fifty miles, is supplied with
immense quantities of limestone, and with timber
unsurpassed in the West, and in sulficient. quanti-
ties. Tlus timber would furnish nil the necessary
cross-ties, trosile-woik, and bridges at asmall cost
within this distance. The distance of the timber
of this valley fiom that on the Arkansas is about
two hundred miles, but even within this distance
there are small bodies scattered tlnough the prai-
ries. it could be supplied, however, as the road
would approach the Arkansas, by timber trans-
ported fiom the Kansas. After the road reaches
Jb'orL Wise on the Arkansas river, there is a sup-
ply of timber all the wav to the mountains, where
there m an abundance of cedar and pine. Some
of this tiiobur is Cottonwood, but owing to the
dryness of the eh male ir, is durable and firm, being
of a different, que hty from that which grows in the
Slates. On the score of Umber alone, therefore, a
road c m he constructed far eheaperupon this route
than by the route to the South Pass.
Wi'hin the range of country thiou^h which this
rood would pass after leaving the Mis.wuii river,
the population already extends up the valley of
the Kansas liver one-hundred and fifty miles, with
sparse settlements beyond that. There is not in
the world a liner agricultural and grazing region
than this; ihe common opinion of ail our most
experienced travelers being that it is far the best
upon this continent. This \alley is all susceptible
of cultivation, and can maintain a dense popula-
tion. It. posses through the center and heart of
Kansas, so thatevery portion of that State may be
said to be tributary to it. The population now
identified with k, within Kansas alone, is about
eiirhty or one hundred thousand,and this is con-
btruitly and rapidly mcieasmg. A road through
this legion so the ilocky mountains would pass
within one hundred miles of Denver City, so that
all the population of that section would be inter-
ested in it, and do their entire business upon it—
they already having a good and practicable wagon
road upon which they could reach it without diffi-
culty. It would moreover accommodate the peo-
ple of New Mexico, Utah, Colorado, and all the
northeastern portion of Arizona, all of whom
would do their whole business upon it. The pres-
ent aggregate of the population thus accommo-
dated is not less than from two hundred and fifty
to three hundred thousand, and by the time of
the completion of the road to the mountains, that
number would be very much increased. It is evi-
dent, therefore, that with the trade and commerce
of all this region passing over this road, increased,
as it will be, by the mineral discoveries which are
constantly going on there, it would be a paying and
self-supporting road from the beginning, if it never
were constructed beyond the Rocky mountains.
Already our adventurous population is pressing
in that direction, and a few years only will see
this whole countiy densely occupied with an in-
dustrious people, whose labors will go to swell
the gieat aggregate of our national wealth and
prosperity.
The snow through this region o'f country rarely
ever lies longer than a week after falling, and the
ground is bare during the greater part of the year.
The Pass through the mountains is not so subject
to violent winds as the South Pass, nor does near
so much snow fall. The distance between the
two Passes is from two hundred and fifty to three
hundted miles.
It is worthy of observation, as a point of im-
poitanee to the Govei nmeut, that this route passes
three military posts after leaving Fort Leaven-
worth, which must continue to be, for many years
to come, the point from which our military sup-
plies must bo sent west. The posts by which it
passes are Port Riley, Fort Lamed, and Fort
Wise, and these are upon the direct line upon
which all our other posts in New Mexico, Utah,
Culorado,aud Arizona must be furnished through-
out all the future. The completion of the road
would draw to it, necessanly, all these supplies.
This road is cential in every point of view; and
is more especially so if wo take into consideration
the entire Union, bo ih North and South. Although
it passes, its entire length, through loyal lerritory,
it yet occupies a district of country easily access-
ible by branch loads to either section, and will
leally become the means, upon the suppiession
of the rebellion, of uniting us in a more compact
union; for it will bring the people of the two sec-
tions together in their seaich after the large trade
which will be cimtiollcd by the load.
The preference of thus route over that up the
Platte may be seen at a glance, from the fact that
while it will accommodate Utah, Colorado, Ari-
zona, New Mexico, and Kansas, tiiat up the
Platte would accommodate only a portion of Col-
orado and Utah and Nebraska, leaving out en-
tirely all Kansas, New Mexico, and Arizona.
Put, Mr. Chairman, I do not stand here as the
advocate of any particular route for a railroad to
the Pacific. I have indicated a preference foi rea-
sons hilefiy and imperfectly stated, but 1 am for
any route that is practicable and will pay. Any
line connecting the two oceans must pass through
Indiana, and the Ohio and Mississippi railroad,
which passes through three counties of my con-
gressional district, will most likely be our part
of this great line of internal commerce. 1 am
willing to leave the selection of the line to the
judgment of those who are willing to prove their
f.uth by their works. Whatever route the capi-
talists of the country may select, they will thereby
gi\e the best evidence they can adduce of their
belief that it is practicable and compensatory. If
we should undertake here to lay down the line,
there is great danger th-U local interests would in-
fluence our selection. Fixing the terminal points,
we may safely and pioperly leave the selection
of the connecting line to the good sense of the
practical men of the nation, who will be called
upon to locate and construct the road. I fear the
nation docs not appreciate the vast resources of
the country the eoustiaction of this road would
open to settlement. It is the best grazing country
in the world. Its natural pastures, without the
use of the plow or the scythe, would fatten beef
and mutton enough for our whole population.
For centuries, we know not how long, it has been
the home of vast herds of buffaloes.
Mr. WATTS. There are eighteen millions of
buffaloes on these plains, more than all the cattle
in Russia.
Mr. DUNN. My friend, the Delegate from New
Mexico, [Mr. Watts,] states that there are eigh-
teen millions of buffaloes on those plains. I do
not see their number stated in our census tables;
but we know that for days an3 days the traveler
sees them daikening the plains for as his eyes can
range. As the pigeons in the autumn darken our
western skies, and seem to be innumerable, so
these buffaloes on those great central plains seem
to be beyond computation.
Could a barren soil support such animal life?
There cattle would need no shelter from winter
winds orsummer heat. A herdsman and a butcher
will make them available for human food. But
much of that country, on tne line I have men-
tioned, is of the very best for ordinary agricul-
tural purposes. The climate is attractive, and
when the means of safe and inexpensive transpor-
tation is afforded, the advantages of soil and cli-
mate will cause that region to be rapidly popu-
lated.
But the construction of a railroad to the Pacific
will not only open to profitable occupation that
great grazing and agricultural country, but it will
give to our enterprising and industrious popula-
tion ready access to the gold and silver mines of
our western Territories and Pa'cific States. There,
awaiting the pick and the shovel, are mines of the
precious metals, leserved, it would seem, to this
day by a beneficent Providence as a means of
enabling us, without the oppression of the people
by taxation, to discharge the vastly accumulated
expenses of this war. Give to our enterprising
people wipid and cheap transportation to the gold
and silver regions, and give them the protection
of the Government when there, with cheap sup-
plies, and how immensely they will add to the
wealth of the nation. As the wealth of the nation
increases, the rate of taxation will decrease.
I will not detain the committee by an argument
to show the importance of this railroad to our mil-
itary, naval, and postal service. The honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cuviprelt.]
has shown by official documents that the tians-
poitation for these services to the Pacific costs
the Government annually the sum of $7,357,781;
and this is an expenditure which is more likely
under present circumstances to increase than de-
crease. Have the people of the United States no
lnterestin diminishing this \astexpense; and may
not the Government propeily give its assistance
to private enterprise in an effort to secure a cheaper
and less tedious means of transportation?
In the year 1850 a single firm of contractors
transported for the Government across the plains,
and principally to Utah, seventeen or eighteen
millions of pounds of freight, for which the Gov-
ernment paid them aboutlour millions of dollars.
In this transportation they employed more than
forty thousand oxen, and the same kind of work
is being performed to-day, by oxen and mules,
now less to Utah and more to New Mexico. Is this
a day for oxen and mules to do so vast a work?
No, let us lay down the iron rails and substitute
the locomotive, with its power of the volcano and
speed of the antelope, for the muscles of oxen and
mules.
I have not undertaken to discuss the merits or
demerits of the bill before the committee. I can-
not. hope to have a bill that will accord with my
views m all respects. I do not expect it. I do
notdesne to enter upon this enterpnse hastily or
inconsiderately; but I do desire to sec something
practical done towards inaugurating this great
work. It is too vast for individual resources. It
muf-H, if to be accomplished, have Government
aid. Let private enterprise be organized,encour-
aged, and assisted. I do not wish the Government
to be involved in unprofitable experiments. I
want the sagacity and economy of private interest
to lead, and the Government aid to slowly and
cautiously follow. In that way,ifat all, this vast
work is to be executed.
The generation that has the wisdom to devise,
the enterprise to undertake, and the ability to
construct a railroad connecting the shores of the
Atlantic with the Pacific ocean, will be exalted in
the annals of the nation. Wo may fail to do it,
