182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Sfan Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Arnold.
Ho. 01? "Reps. ■
never felt save in its blessings. Shall we hesitate to
do legally what the rebels have all along been do-
ing illegally? The infernal fires of this rebellion
have been fed by property of loyal men which
has been confiscated. No other people ever per-
petrated such gigantic robberies as these confed-
erate rebels have done. They have raised no
money by taxing themselves, and have obtained no
revenue from imports and little from loans. But
the authorities in each seceding: State signalized
their treason by confiscating all the Federal prop-
erty they could lay their hands on. Forts, arse-
nals, arms, navy-yards, marine hospitals, post of-
fices, army stores, mints, und coin to the amount
of many millions, wereall swept into their coffers,
even before the nation had summoned a single sol-
dier to its standard I Millions of debts due north-
ern merchants, and millions of property owned by
loyal citizens at the South have also been taken by
them, and have been sent back to us in the shape
of shot and shell and deadly weapons, which have
shrouded the once cheerful and happy firesides of
many thousand households in the North with a
life-long woe. Must wo allow this Government
to be thus plundered of millions upon millions of
property ? Must rebels be allowed to sit at banquet
over the confiscated estates of loyal men? Must a
debt of $1,000,000,000 be rolled by rebel hands
upon the loyal working men of this country, and
yet shall we sit here trembling and in fear lest the
passage of these bills shall hurt somebody's feel-
ings?
"No I bv each spot of haunted giound,
Where Freedom weeps her cliiklien's fall—
liy Plymouth's rock and Bunker's mound ;
ByGriswold'sstained and shattered wall;
By Lyon's ghost, by BaAc?'« s>hade \
By nil the memories of the dead ;
By ihoir enlarging souJs which buist
The bands and fetters round them set;
By the ficc Pilgtnn spirit nursed
Within our inmost bosom yet;
By all above, aiound, below— ^
Be ours the indignant ans^cr—No \ 
confiscation 01' rebel. property.
SPEECH OF HON. I. N. ARNOLD,
or illinois,
In the House or Representatives,
May 23, 1863.
Till! Htmic linvlliR under ronsKIcidllon bills to COM
foctUr: tlic propei ty :uid tV<M: from Komtudo the slave-; of
rebels-
Mr. ARNOLD said:
Mr. Speaker: I listened on yesterday with great
respect to the eloquent argument of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Guider] against this bill.
He made tm affecting appeal to the forbearance
and magnanimity of this House in behalf of (m-
lors whose hands arc red with the blood of the
brave and patriotic soldiers of Illinois and Ken-
tucky, killed in this most wicked war. He ap-
pealed to vis in behalf of those who drop poison in
the eup which they hand to the famishing sol-
dier; who treacherously hide torpedoes in aban-
doned fortifications to murder the brave men
whom they dare not meet in open, honorable war-
fare. Towards such men,treacherous,cruel,reck-
less, restrained by no law, human or divine, seek-
ing to kill, murder, and destroy every loyal man,
and to take the life of the nation, we are asked to
extend "magnanimity and forbearance." Sir, we
nave all along, since the beginning of this rebel-
lion, been too magnanimous and forbearing, until
our very kindness and forbearance to tlie rebels
and traitors lias been regarded hy them as an in-
dication of our weakness and cowardice. They
must be made to feel our power. They must be
made to lespcct the majesty of that justice which
punishes crime. It will be time to be magnani-
mous and forgiving when they throwdown their
arms and appeal to the mercy of that Oovernrnent
tliey have failed to destroy.
In the face of the stupendous events transpiring
in our midst, the slavery question cannot bo ig-
nored. It is idle to seek to ignore it. Itwillnof
down at the biddingof any. We must grapple and
meet it. The skillful physician mightas well ig-
nore the existence of a terrible disease threatening
' the death of his struggling patient, as the states-
man seek to ignore or disregard the disease of
slavery, now threatening the life of the nation. No
man has spoken more wisely, cautiously, philo-
sophically, on this subject than the President of
the United States. Listen to the words of Abra*
ham Lincoln, spoken at Springfield in 1858. He
said:
"A house divided against itself cannot stand. I believe
that, this Governmentcannot endure permanently half slave
and halt*tree. I do not expect the house to fall, f do not
expect the Union to dissolve, but I do expect it will cease
to be divided. It will become alt one tiling or all the other.
Either the opponents of slavery will arrest tlie further spread
of it and place it where the public mind will rest m the belief
that it is in the course of ultimate extinction, or its advo-
cates will push it tot ivaid, untilit shall become alike lawful
in all the States the old as well as the newa North as well
as South."
When Abraham Lincoln uttered these senti-
ments, sagacious and truthful as they are, he did
not dream of any conflict between liberty and sla-
very but a moral one. That contest was fought
out in 1860 at the ballot-box, and freedom tri-
umphed. Tlie weapons of freedom by which that
victory was achieved were the press, free speech,
the lecture, the pulpit, the newspaper, the school
house, the church; above all, the free, honest bal-
lot. We fought against the encroachments of the
aristocracy of slavery with ballots and not with
bullets. We believed
" There was a weapon firmer set,
And better than the bayonet;
A weapon that comes down as still
As snow-flakes lall upon the i-.O'l,
Cut executes a freeman rs will,
As lightnings do the will of God."
Slavery, like all great wrongs, has always re-
sorted to violence. It used the bowie-knife of the
border-ruffians in Kansas. Its weapons have been
lynch law and mob violence to silence the free-
man's tongue and shut the patriot's mouth. It
wasapeaceful moral conflict, where reason should
contend against wrong, which the late Senator
from Ne w York termed the " impressible conJlict."
Freedom having triumphed at the ballot-box,
slavery appealed to the sword, and brought upon
the country this terrible desolating war. The con-
test still rages. It is idle to seek to disguise it;
we fight for liberty and the Constitution. The
rebels fight for slavery and the subversion of con-
stitutional liberty. It is liberty against slavery,
right against wrong, civilization against barba-
rism. The rebels, fighting for a barbarous insti-
tution, fight like inhuman barbarians.
Commencing the con test wit fi perjury, with rob-
bery, with larceny, they have disgraced the Amer-
ican name by their unparalleled brutalities. They
poison wells and springs; they hold out to the
tarnishing soldier the food charged with arsenic.
The cup of southern hospitality, in rebel hands,
has become the cup of death to the confiding sol-
dier. They murder wounded men on the field of
battle; they violate the sancity of a flag of truce;
they desecrate and mutilate the remains of the
gallant soldiers who fall, in a manner more infa-
mous than the savages of those barbarous islands
where the light of Christianity has never pene-
trated. • r
I ask what has tiansformed the noble, humane,
generous, Christian gentlemen of the South into
such barbarians? How is it that the land which
produced a Washington, a Henry, a Jefferson, a
John Marshall, now produces a Floyd, a Wise, a
Jefferson Davis? Whence the degeneracy of this
noble race? It js true we recognize many noble
exceptions to this degeneracy. No more patri-
otic and unselfish men ever lived than the Union
men of the slave States.
I have quoted the words of Abraham Lincoln
uttered in 1858; listen to the words of the Presi-
dent of the United States to-day, still calm and
cautious, seeking " to control the whirlwind and
direct the storm." In the light of the past, hear
his utterances of to-day.
On the 6th of March last the President solemnly
proposed to Congress the inauguration of a grad-
ual system of emancipation. His proposition
was heard with delight, and adopted by iawre ma-
jorities of both Houses of Congress. His prop-
osition was welcomed by the world as "an authen -
1 ' ?' ,9lte solemn proposition of the nation "
gradually and peacefully to terminate the exist-
ence of human slavery. It was a proposition
which will culminate in making freedom not only
" national," but universal, wherever the flag of
our Union floats. This message struck the key-
note, and gave form to the grand idea of liberty
throbbing for expression in the popular heart.
The institution of slavery, having the sin of this
rebellion on its head, must, in process of time,
cease to exist. Its prolonged life is incompatible
with the national life, and it must die. " I be-
lieve,"says Abraham Lincoln," thisGovernment
cannot endure permanently half slave and half
free."
The President desires the inevitable change to
be peaceful, gradual, constitutional. Hence he
says to the loyal slaveholders:
<• I do not argue, I beseech you to make the argument for
yourselves. You cannot, if you would, be blind to the
signs of the times. The proposal makes common cause,
for a common object, casting no reproach upon any." *
* * * "Thechange it contemplates would come
gently as the dews of heaven—not rending or wrecking
anything. Will you not embrace it? So much good has
not bf en clone by one effort m all past time, as m the provi-
dence of God, it is now your high privilege to do. May
va?t (imiiR not 'mve to lament that you have neglected
To this earnest appeal of the President, every
lover of liberty throughout the world responds,
" amen." And thus, and to this end, the Presi-
dentabrogates the pioclamation of freedom issued
by the blunt and gallant Hunter, and gives to
South Carolina, even, her hands dripping with the
blood of this civil war, one more chance for sub-
mission and gradual change. Lovers of liberty,
and patriots, impatient of this delay in striking
at the great criminal, I pray you trust Abraham
Lincoln. Have faith in the President. He will
not neglect the opportunity which the providencc
of God has given him. Peacefully, "gently as
the dews of heaven," will come the blessings of
liberty—if it may be. Like the bright beams of
the morning sun, dispelling the darkness, clouds,
and exhalations of black night, so will freedom
dispel the darkness and barbarism of slavery.
" You cannot, "menof the border States, patriots
of the border States, " be blind to the signs of the
times." I beg you to join hands with the Presi-
dent; help to make this one great, homogeneous,
free people. " So much good has not been done
by one effort in all past time." Look at this cap-
ital, now free, but so long paralyzed by slavery;
look across yonder noble river to A rlington House,
crumbling to ruin; take your melancholy way to
Alexandria and MountVernon; go downyonder
most magnificent Chesapeake bay to the ancient
city of Norfolk; see those great tributary rivers,
the Potomac, the Rappahannock, the York, and
the James; sir, on the banks of these waters, now
so lonely and desolate, should have been the seat
of empire. Virginia was, should have been,would
have been, the empire State of this Union but for
slavery. I have lately sailed over these magnifi-
cent waters, seen their beauty, their natural ad-
vantages, and their desolation. There is no more
melancholy spectacle than the material decay and
moral degeneracy of the "Old Dominion." Oh,
border State men and men of the free StaU-s, why
stay the hand that strikes down the great cause
of this nun and desolation > Why will you seek
to restore to life and vigor this cursed institution
of slavery, now dying by its own hand ? Why
not let the suicide of slavery be consummated?
Democrats of the free States, if you warm this in-
sidious viper again into life, if you take it to your
bosoms and restore its power, be sure, like the
serpent in the fable, it will sting you to death.
Kemember, I beseech you, its treatment of your
idol, Douglas. 3
In urging the passage by Congress of these acts
le suggestions which I beg leave to present for
consideration naturally range themselves under
0nf following heads:
i. The right of Congress to pass such a con-
fiscation law.
j.justice and expediency of such a law.
fiscatiwlafht °f Congress t0 Pass a S^eral con-
Tlie right of Congress to pass an act for the
confiscation of the property of persons engaged in
the existing insurrection has, to a certain extent,
already received the sanction of Congress. The
act to further pro vide for the collection of duties,
appioved July 13, 1^1, authorized the seizure
