1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2663
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agieed to:
Revolt ed, That the Committee on Commeice bo directed
to inquire into tlx; necessity of further legislation to equal-
ize the talarics of officers of the cuatouw In the Mississippi
valley. 11
BUSINESS OF TIIJB MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Mouse that to-morrow may
be assigned for the consideration of hills from the
Committee on Military Affairs. We had but a
short time yesterday evening.
Mr. ELIOT. I must object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 hope the gentle-
man will not object, We have assigned four days
for the business of the Territories, and two for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman take after the
morning hour?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes; if the gentle-
man will withdraw bis objection.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object. Let it
take its regular oider.
PAY, ETC., OF ARMY OFFICERS.
The House then resumed the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill of the Senate No.
175, to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
with amendments, the pending question being
upon the demand for the previous question made
last evening by Mr. Wasiiburne upon the thir-
teenth amendment.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. Will the gentleman
from Illinois withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question to permit me to offer a substitute
for the section, in order that I may get a vote of
the House upon it ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let the substitute be
read.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Stiike out all after the enacting words of the sixteenth
section of the bill, and insert in follow-*:
Eveiy Senatoi and llcpiesentative in Congress shall here-
afiei, at each session ot Congiess, receive, in lieu of the
mileage now allowed hy law, his necessaiy and actual per-
sonal oYpcixos in going fioin his home to Hip capital and
returning, by the most direct, u-nially-ttaveled loute. Such
expense^ shall be stated on oath hy the peison claiming the
same with as jnueli accuracy a:ui paitrculairtyas po^ible,
and bhall thereupon be n*eoitaincd and paid in the same
manner as mileage is now ascertained and paid. Tne
Sergeant-at-Ann< of eacii House of Congies.-, is heieby
authorized anddueetcd to administer the oath above re-
quited, and the amount of peu-onal expenses above men-
tioned, togethei with the sal,u\ fi\ed by law, shall be the
onH compensation allowed or emolument which any Scn-
atoi or Repiesentative shall receive upon any pietext what-
ever.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I give way to allow that
amendment to he offered, and now I renew the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONIOJNG demanded the yeas
and nays on the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Bab-
bitt, Baker, Beaman, Bingham. Jacob B Blair, Blake,
George M. Btownc. William G.'Brown. Buflinton, Bum-
bam, Campbell, Cobb, Colfax, Fiedenck A. Conklimr,
Corning, l>avi>, Dawes. Delano, Diven, Dunn, Edirciton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fisher, Fianehnt, Fiauk, Gooeh,
Grander, Gurley, Haneliett, Raiding, fiauison, Uoiman,
Hutching Johnson, Julian. Keller,' Francis W. Kellogg,
KiMmger, LanMits, Law, Lehman, Loonns. Low, Mc-
Kuighf. Mitchell. Moorhead. Anson P. Morull, Justin S.
MorrillJ Morns, Nixon, Noble, Odoll, Perty, Pike, Pomcioy,
Poiter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Li.ce,Riddle. Eilwaid
II Rolling Sargent, Shellabargor. Sloan, rtmith. John B.
Steele, William 0. Steele, Stevens, Stiatton, Benjamin F.
Thoma-, Fuinci>Thoinas,Tiimble,Troivbudge,Van Iloin,
Van Vaikenmngh, Veme, Vibbaid, YVacUwoith, Wall, i
YVat-hburne, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Wjmlom, Wood,
and YVoodiull—90.
NAYS—Mi'sms. William J. Alien. Fuuicia P. Blau,
Ca&«v, Chamheiiuu Clements, Cravens. Crittenden, Dun-
lap, Fouke. Goodwin. Gnder, Hale, llorton, William Kel-
loirg, Knapp. Leary, McPheison, Malloiy, Maynard, Men-
zif'v. Noell. Norton, Pendleton, Potter. Robinson, Sedg-
wick, Segai. Sheffield, Shtel. Vallandigham, Wallace,
Chilton A. White, and Wicklitfe—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
During fhp roll-call, **
Mr. SEDGWICK stated that Mr. Roscoe
Cokkliko was detained from the House by illness.
Mr THOMAS, of Massachusetts, (when his
name was called,) said: I vote "ay," although I
regard the oath as personally offensive.
Mr. WIC&LIFFE said: I vote u no," in ac-
cordance with what 1 behove is the wish of the
majority of the House. [Laughter.]
The lesult of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question was taken on the
amendment, asamendod; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. What was the effect of agree-
ing to the amendment as amended?
The SPEAKER. It was to strike out the sec-
tion as amended. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, sir, I move to recon-
sider the vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiburne] moved to reconsider and lay
upon the table, and that motion prevailed.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I rise for the purpose
of obtaining information. I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether the question put to the House
was not upon striking out all after the enacting
words of the section and inserting a substitute.
The SPEAKER. That question was put to
the House, and the motion was carried on a vote
by yeas and nays. The question was then put
upon the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs, as amended, and it was agreed
to. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burns] then moved to reconsider and lay upon
the table, and that motion prevailed.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. Then the substitute
stands as a section of the bill3
The SPEAKER. jNo; the section was stricken
out.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The entire section ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Fourteenth amendment:
Sit ike out -cction oishteen ot the bill, as follow*. *
Sue. 18 Jlnd beit faither enacted, That no allowance in
commutation sluil be made to officers tor fuel and quaiters.
The number of office-. now allowed to certain officers of
the Airny In the transaction of biwncss shall be furnished,
and no moie. No allowance shall be made to officers, when
entitled to receive mileage, for transportation ot baggage or
sei van Is. TM& section f hall not affect the piesent i(filia-
tions for quattets ami fuel actuallyi'miii-hed ot aligned to
officers on duty in the field or to (]uaiteis> aligned in public
buddings belonging lo ihr Govi lament.
Mr. BLAIR, of Mu;soni i. The recommenda-
tion of the committee to su ike out the section was
from the fact that most of the officers who are sta-
tioned in cities have to incur greater expenses than
those stationed elsewhere. The effect of this sec-
tion,as it came from theSenatc, would provide for
officers m the field fuel, and would provide quar-
ters, in the shape of tents,at the Government ex-
pense; but whenever an officer is stationed in a
city as quai termaster or commissary, as recruit-
ing officer, or on any other duty to which he may
be assigned, he is subjected to great additional
expense, for which no allowance is made what-
ever. The Mihtai y Committee, therefore,thought
it was better to stiike out this section, and allow
the matter to remain where it now stands under
the Army regulations.
Mr. AlcPHERSON". I should like to know
whether this section is susceptible of division.
I would like to take a separate vote on the third
pioposition of the section. I am in favor of apor-
tion of this section, but not as a whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not see how
the section can be divided so as to make two sub-
stantive propositions. The gentleman mustmove
what lie debites in the shape of an amendment, if
he desires a division.
Mr. McPHERSON. I am not prepared to
move an amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, called for tellers on
the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sedgwick
and Lehman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 73, noes 21.
So the amendment was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE feENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by Mr.
Forney, theirSecretaiy, notifying the House that
the Senate have passed the bill (H. R. No. 393)
making further appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending 30th June, 1862, with amend-
ments; in which he Was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have concurred in the
amendments of the House to the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 30) to protect the property of Indians
who have adopted the habits of civil life.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (No.
298) donating public lands to the States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed an act (No.
306) regulating the appointment of second lieu-
tenants in the marine corps; in which he waa
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, House bill No.
393, making further appropriations for sundry-
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1S63, and additional appropria-
tions For the year ending June 30, 1862, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, was taken from
the Speaker's table, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
EMOLUMENTS OF ARMY OFFICERS—AGAIN.
Fifteenth amendment:
Strike out from the third line of section twenty-two the
word*, uihc same on the outside of each and every pack-
age," and Insert instead thereof the words " each article;"
so as to make the. section rend :
Sec. 22. JJnd be it further enactci, That every person
who shall furnish supplies of any kind to the Army or Navy
shall he required to mark and distinguish each article with
the name or names of thecontractoi so furnishing said sup-
plies to the Army and Navy, and no supplies, of any kind
shall be received unle&s so marked and distinguished.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Inseit as an additional scction as follows:
Sec. 27. Jln<l be it further enacted, That the different regi-
ments and independent companies heretofore mustered
into the scivicc of the United States as volunteer engineer?,
pioneer*, or sappers and miners, under the oiders of the
Piesident or Secretary of War, or by authority of the com-
manding general of any military department of the United
States, or which having been mustered into the service as
infantry shall have been reorganized and employed as en-
gineers, pioneers', or sappers and minets, shall be, and the
tame are hereby, recognized and accepted as volunteer en-
gineer on Uie same footing in all re>peets in regard to their
oiyaniz.uion, pay, and emoluments as the corps of engi-
neer^ of the icgul.ii Army of the United States, and they
shall be paid lor their sci vices already performed as is now
piovidt d by law lor the payment of officers and uou-com-
mNMoned olfieeis and privates o( the engineer coips of the
legulai Aimy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
Jnsort as an additional section as follows:
Si:c. 28. And. be it further cvacted, That vacancies here-
aftei occurnng among the officers of the volunteer regi-
ments commissioned hy the Governor-; ot the Slates shall
be supplied by the President, on the recommendation of a
majority of the commissioned officers of the regiment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that to be
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs as
an additional section of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The amendment was re-
ported by ihe Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the House will not
adopt that amendment. It is a most remarkable
proposition. There seems to me to be no con-
ceivable argument in its favor. The Presidentof
the United States to appoint the officers of volun-
teer regiments! Why,sir,deprive the Governors
of the States in which volunteer troops arc raised
of the power to appoint the commissioned officers
of their own troops? I do not understand the object
of the Committee on Military Affairs in proposing
such an amendment. Is it because the President
of the United States is more capable to determine
who aie competent field officers in the several regi-
ments of the State militia than the Governors of
the Slates themselves? Have the Governors of
States been found incompetent, and the President
of the United States alone competent to decide
upon military merit ? The proposition is astound-
ing.
What is the tendency, sir, of taking this author-
ity from the States,acting through their respective
Governois, and conferring it upon the President
of the United States? It certainly is to concen-
trate the whole power of the Government-even
in its minute details, under a single head. There
is no reason why the authority of the President of
