682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Of the three great statesmen whose minds have
been given to this subject of the currency and the
power of the national Government over it, no one
has asserted the existence of this power. Mr.
Madison and Mr. Webster have expressly denied
its existence. Mr. Webster had, of all our states-
men, except perhaps Mr. Hamilton, the strongest
convictions of the necessity of a national currency
and of the duty of Congress to control it; but on
the want of power in Congress to make anything
but coin legal tender his language is clear, firm,
and unequivocal. He says:
" Butif we understand by currency the legal money of the
country, and that which constitutes a legal tender for debts,
and is the statute measure of value, then, undoubtedly,
nothing is included but gold and silver. Moist unquestion-
ably there is no legal tender, and there can be no legal tender
in this country, under the authority of this Government or
any other, but gold and silver, either the coinage of our own
mints, or foreign coins at rates logulatcd by Congress. This
is a constitutional principle, perfectly plain, and of the very
highest importance. The States arc expressly prohibited
from making anything but gold and silver a tender in pay-
ment of debts; and although no such express prohibition is
applied to Congress, yet, as Congress has no power granted
to it in this respect but to coin money and to regulate the
value of foreign coins, it clcarly has no power to substitute
paper or anything else for coin as a tender in pajnient of
debts and in discharge of contracts. Congress has exorcised
this power fully in both its branches. It has coined money,
and still coins ft; it has regulated the value of foreign coins,
and still regulates their value. The legal tender, therefore,
the constitutional standard of value, is established, and can-
not be ovei thrown. To overthrow it would shake the whole
system.
"But if the Constitution knows only gold and silver as a
legal tender, docs it follow that the Constitution cannot tol-
erate the voluntary circulation of bank notes, convertible
into gold and stiver at the will of the holder, as part of the
actual money of the country? Is a man not only to be en-
titled to demand gold and silver for every debt, but i« he, or
should he be, obliged to demand it in all cases? N it, or
should Government make it, unlawful to receive pay in
anything else? Such a notion is too absmd to be senou^iy
treated. The constitutional tenders the thing to be pro-
served, and it ought to be preserved sacredly, uuderall cir-
cumstances."—iVcbster's Works, vol. 4, p. 271.
Again, he says:
" I am certainly of opinion, then, that gold and silver, at
rates fixed by Congress, constitute the legal standard of
value in this country; and that neither Congress nor any
State has authority to establish any other standard or to
displace this."—Ibid., vol. 4, p. 280.
There is, Mr. Chairman, another difficulty in
inferring from the power of Congress to regulate
commerce the power to make Treasury notes legal
tender which has not been adverted to. It is this:
the power given to Congress is to regulate com-
merce among the States. Now, it is clear in prin-
ciple and well settled as authority that the pro-
vision does not extend to and include the internal
commerce of the States. This power is reserved
to the States themselves. (Gibbons us. Ogden, 12
Wheaton 1.) Looking at this power to make these
notes a legal tender as incident to the power of
Congress to regulate commerce, the power of the
incident cannot extend beyond (he power of the
principal. This bill clearly includes a commerce
over which we have no control. It is scarcely
necessary to say that this internal commerce would
include nine out of ten of all the bargains that arc
made.
Mr. Chairman, though the legal question has
not been judicially settled, I feel compelled to say
that the weight of reasoning and authority is
strongly against the validity of the clause making
the Treasury notes legal tender. If the validity
of the provision be doubtful even, and it becomes,
as it inevitably would, the subject of contest and
litigation m the courts, the effect upon the credit
of the paper will,in my judgment, be worse than
if the tender clause had been wholly omitted.
I have a word or two to add upon- the justice
of this clause of the bill.
To make these notes legal tender for debts, pri-
vate and public, contracted before the passage of
the bill, seems to me a clear breach of good faith.
Debts arc obligations or promises to pay money,
the only money known to the Constitution and the
laws, the universal equivalent, having not merely
intrinsic value, but being the measure and stand-
ard of value. Paper is not money. The draft bill
or note is the mere sign; money is the thing signi-
fied. Said John Locke: u Men in their bargains
contract not for denominations or sounds, but for
the intrinsic value."
This bill, Mr. Chairman, changes the condition
and practically impairs the obligation of every ex-
isting contract to pay money. When the contract
to pay money matures, this bill compels the cred-
itor to take for his debt not money, not even ptiper
convertible into money on demand, but the prom-
ise of Government to pay at a future day uncer-
tain. It is a perfect answer of the creditor to this
proposition to say " that is not my agreement; a
matured debt is not paid by a promise to pay."
But further, the faith of the contract isbroken,
because the creditor is not paid in gold or silver,
nor in that which is equivalent to gold and silver.
He neither gets the coin nor its value in any form;
the money, nor the money's worth. Take, for ex-
ample, one of the Treasury notes issued under the
act of July 17, payable in three years, with inter-
est at the rate of seven and three tenths per cent,
semi-annually. When the interestis due, the Gov-
ernment is asked to pay. It offers its note con-
vertible into stock worth now eighty-eight cents
on the dollar. The holder of the note reads the
9th section of the statute of July:
iiJind be it farther cnactcd, That the faith of the United
States is hci'eby solemnly pledged for the payment of the
interest and redemption of the principal of the loan author-
ized by this act."
If the lender had understood that by payment
of interest was meant the giving another note, pay-
able at the pleasure of the Government, would the
loan have been effected ? When by compulsion he
takes your note and converts it into stock worth,
it may be, eighty-eight or seventy-five cents on
the dollar, will he go away with the conviction
that the faith of the United States so solemnly
pledged has been as solemnly redeemed; will he
notfeel that faith without works is dead ? No craft
of logic or of rhetoric can disguise the real nature
of that transaction. If we feel stain like a wound,
that wound is immedicable. Take from us, Mr.
Chairman, our property, houses, and lands—they
cannot be devoted to a nobler cause; but in God's
name leave us the consciousness oftntegrity; leave
us our self-respect. Delays may be inevitable, but
we will pay the uttermost farthing.
If this provision of the bill be not just, it is, of
course,impolitic. It will wound our credit vitally.
It will defeat the very end it was designed to ac-
complish. That credit can only be maintained as
individuals or as a nation by the utmost fidelity to
our engagements; by keeping our promises as we
keep our oaths, registered in heaven.
No matter what may be the resources of the
country; no matter what may be its actual wealth—
i& capacity to acquire Jt. Your creditor has no hen
upon your property. lie can make no levy upon
your lands or goods. If you refuse or fail to pay,
he is without remedy. After all, his sole reliance
must be upon your honor and good faith. In the
keeping of that is his security and your credit.
And you cannot afford the experiment of giving
him paper when you promised him money, ft
will cost you, in the long run, even more than it
will cost him.
This provision of the bill in the nature of a forced
loan is itself a confession of weakness. Jt seeks
to compel credit for the reason that it does not
come spontaneously. It assumes that force is
necessary to uphold that which must stand on its
own Jcgs or cannot stand at ail. Credit is faith,
is trust, is confidence. If you faithfully keep your
promises; if by taxation you avail yourselves of
all the resources of the country for the salvation
of the country; if you keep always in view the end
for which this conflict is waged; if m seeking to
enforce the Constitution and the laws you show a
readiness yourselves to obey the Constitution and
the laws, you will win credit; you cannot com-
mand or enforce it. It will follow in the footsteps
of rectitude; you cannotdrive it before you. You
may by this bill say that paper is money; jrive
the same names to things vitally different. The
essential difference will be none the less clearly
pcrceived and strongly felt. It is no want of rc-
spcct to say to you, you cannot change the nature
of things.
The friends of this feature of the bill, Mr. Chair-
man, admit the reluctance with which they assent
to it. The only ground of defense is its necessity,
that no alternative is left to us. 1 deeply respect
their motives, but I cannot see the necessity.
Wc have spent a great deal of money in this
war, and have wasted a great deal. But we are
not impoverished. What wc have spent is trivial
in comparison to what is left. The amount up to
this time will not exceed two years of surplus
profits. It is not more than one thirty-second
part of our whole property. Not a dollar of tax
has been raised, and yet we are talking of national
bankruptcy, and launchingupon a paper currency.
I may be very dull, but I cannot see the necessity
or the wisdom of such a course.
Gentlemen who appreciate the perils of tins
step would relieve themselves and us by the as-
surance that the amount of paper to be issued is
restricted within safe bounds. These banicrs are
easily surmounted. It is the first step which costs.
The dcsccnt has always been easy. The diffi-
culty is return. The experience of mankind shows
the danger in entering upon this path; that bound-
aries arc fixed only to be overrun, promises made
only to be broken. Human nature remains essen-
tially the same. Wc are neither wiser nor better
than our fathers.
The ordinary check, the only effectual check,
in the issue of paper for currency, the security of
the public against excess in its issue, is that the
excess will be returned upon the banks forgold and
silver. A certain amount is needed for the pur-
poses of the currency. When that point is reached
the paper begins to decline, the gold and silver are
demanded, and theissuesof paper are contracted.
If there be an excess of gold and silver, it will
right itself by exportation, or find its way into
the arts. To the issue of this paper there is no
natural check or restraint. When it begins to de-
preciate, the necessity is at once created for increas-
ing the issues, public distrust is increased, and
this again leads to still further depreciation, and
to still larger issues. The process of decline is
easy, natural, inevitable.
A word, Mr. Chairman, and I will relieve the
patience of the committee. It has been said that
coming generations ought to bear a large part
of the expenses of this war, and that we may,
therefore, justly create a large public debt. A
great debt will doubtless be created, but the bur-
dens of the war ought, as far as possible, to fall
upon the men of this generation. We are but
keeping in repair the sti ucture of our fathers, not
buildmga new one. Thisexpenseshould be borne
mainly by the tenants for life, and not by the heirs.
For the discharge of this duty we need four things-
it nity of purpose, energy of action, the largest pos-
sible taxation, and the severest possible retrench-
ment.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, although I
have made occasionally some suggestions to the
House in relation to its current business, and have
sometimes pai licipated in the brief discussions of
limited debate, all will be aware that I have not,
at any time, undertaken to occupy the time of the
House with a speech of the ordinary length during
this Congress. And, sir, I have now notsomuch
time before the hour will arrive at which debate
must cease, as that under the circumstances the
House, in my judgment, should feel that I am
trespassing upon the rights of any member by
exercising a privilege which is common to all. I
desire further to say, that I did not object to the
question of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] in any captious spirit; but I knew that that
gentleman had delivered his sentiments here ably,
and at great length, upon this constitutional ques-
tion; and I knew that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, in possession of the floor, would present
his views with a distinctness that could not be
misundcistood, and could not fail to impress the
mind of every member of the House. Besides this,
I have not often seen, from these constant interrup-
tions, anything result of advantage to the House
in coming to just conclusions in relation to ques-
tions before it.
But, sir, 1 cannot dwell longer upon considera-
tions like these. I will proceed to address myself
directly to the subject-matter before us—to the
momentous questions on which we are to act.
The state of the country is known to all, here
and elsewhere. In a large portion of the Union,
by large numbers of the people, the authority of
the Government is resisted and defied, and the
Government itself disowned; a million of men in
arms, with all the dread appointments which be-
long to modern warfare—under the best leader-
ship on either side that has yet been developed,
distributed to all the strategic points which have
been occupied by either party—now stand ready
to dispute the issue of mastery to the death. To
meet this enieigency, the Government has been
compelled to call into exercise its extremest pow-
ers; and, sir, in my judgment, nothing but their
prompt,, full, and fearless exercise can enable us
to outride the storm which is raging around us.
