184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
37TII Cfoira....2D SESS.
Confiscation and Liberation—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
proclaim and use them, not to secure purity, re-
trenchment, and economy, but simply to make
political capital. These men hate a black loyal-
ist, however brave and patriotic, move than a
white traitor. They will split hairs on technical
quibbles to save rebels. They seem to think it
is better that ninety-nine traitors should escape,
rather than have one negro go free. They are
ever holding up the Constitution as a shield to pro-
tect the traitors, while such traitors are making
war upon it. Such men attack the President and
attach the Secretary of War. Why is Mr. Stan-
ton so bitterly assailed by those men? Simply
because he is in earnest, and means to crush the
rebels and punish the traitors at any sacrifice.
He is for his country, and has no remote sympa-
thy with traitors. His offense has " this extent,
iio more."
• Slavery is the corner-stone of this rebellious
confederacy. Can you have permanent peace with
slavery the dominant power in the land ? Has not
our country sacrificed enough for"this institution ?
Turn over the pages of the last year's history.
How many noble, gallant spirits have passed
away. Their names and memories will live in our
hearts; they will brighten our country's history,
and hallow forever our national songs. But for
slavery they would have all been living to-day.
Lyon and Winthropand Ellsworth and Bakerand
Wallace, and a host of other gallant patriots, all
martyrs in this cause. But the undistinguished,
brave privates and subordinates, hurried into
nameless graves. Let us remember that each has
left a vacant place around some hearthstone 111
some family circle. Go anywhere in the West,
intoany church, in town,city, village,orcountry,
ami the dark habiliments of mourning meet your
eye. The sad faces of widows, mothers, and sis-
ters tell how wide-spread are the victims of tins
treason. There has fallen 110 gallant soldier in all
this year of desolation, but, if there had been no
slavery in our land, would to-daj| have been liv-
ing each in iiis own family circle. When you see
a wounded soldier on bis crutch, when you see
him with an arm or a leg shot away, struggling,
with his impaired powers, to gain a livelihood,
you remember, and be sure that he will never for-
get, that slavery caused his wounds.
Now, who arc the conservatives who would
preserve an institution so destructive. There are
those who adopt the name of conservatives to
preserve slavery from destruction, rebel property
from confiscation, and rebel necks from the halter.
From all sucli conservatives "Good Lord, de-
liver us." There is another class who wish to
preserve the Constitution, the life of the nation,
liberty, and all which is dear to us. To preserve
these by destroying through peaceful, constitu-
tional means the great enemy of all—slavery; of
this class of conservatives the noblest type, in my
judgment, is found in honest Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. D1VEN. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Illinois whether lie referred to the case
decided by Chief Justice Marshall, where the
property of a British subject was taken, he not
being present.
Mr. ARNOLD. Itisthecaseof a British sub-
ject whose property was found in this country.
Mr. D1VTCN. 1 know the case, laskthcgen-
tleman if he knows of any case in modern war-
fare where the property of private citizens has
been taken for the public use? If the gentleman
has Such a case, I should like to hear it. 1 have
looked in vain for such a case.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman to listen
to the comments of Chancellor Kent.
Mr. DIVEN, I have read them.
Mr, ARNOLD. I will read. In the Commen-
taries of Chancellor Kent, (vol. 1, p. 67,) after
commenting on the case of Brown, the case re-
ferred to by the gentlemau from New York, he
says:
" When the case was brought up, on appeal, before the
Supreme Court of the United States, tllo broad principle'
was assumed that, war save to tile sovereign full ri«ht to
take tiie persons and confiscate the property of the enemy
wherever found ; and that the mitigation of this ri id luie
which the wise and humane policy of modem times hod
Introduced into practice, might more or less affect the ex-
ercise of the right, but could not impair the right itself."
Commending this declaration of the great judge
of New York to the consideration of the gentle-
man, I yield the floor.
CONFISCATION AND LIBERATION.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. JULIAN,
OP INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 23, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bill to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. JULIAN said:
Mr. Speaker: Before closing the debate on the
measures of confiscation and liberation now before
us, I desire to submit some general observations
which I hope may not be regarded as irrelevant
to these topics, or wholly unworthy of considera-
tion. I do not propose to discuss these particular
measures. I deem it wholly unnecessary. I be-
lieve everything has been said on the one side and
on the other which can be said, and far more than
was demanded by an honestsearch after the truth.
Certainly, I shall not argue at any lenglh the
power of Congress to confiscate the property of
rebels. I take it for granted. I have not allowed
myself, for a single moment, to regard the ques-
tion as open to debate, nor do I believe it would
ever have been seriously controverted had it not
been for the infectious influence of slavery in giv-
ing us false views of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It was ordained " to form a more per-
fect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity." I take it
for granted that our fathers meant to confer, and
did confer, upon us, by the terms of the Constitu-
tion, the power to execute these grand purposes,
and made adequate provision for the exercise of
that power. I feel entirely safe in indulging this
reasonable intendment in their favor; and I hand
over to other gentlemen on this floor, and in the
other end of the Capitol, the ungracious task of
dealing with the Constitution as a cunningly-de-
vised scheme for permitting insurrections, conniv-
ing at civil war, and rendering treason to the Gov-
ernment safer than loyalty.
Sir, I have little sympathy for any such friends
of the Union, and I honor the Constitution too
much and regard the memory of its founders too
sacredly to permit myself thus to trifle with the
work ot their hands. The Constitution is not a
shield for the protection of rebels against the Gov-
ernment, bntasword forsmitingthemto the earth,
and preserving the nation's life. Every man who
has been blessed with a moderate share of com-
mon sense, and who really loves his country, will
accept this as an obvious truth. Congress has
power—
" To declare war; to grant letters of marque and reprisal;
to make rules concerning captures on land and water; to
raise ;md support armies ; to provide and maintain a navy;
to make rules for the government and regulation of the land
and naval forces; to provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions; and to make all lau-s which shall be ncccs-
sanj and proper for carrying into effect theforegoingpowers."
Here we find ample and express authority for
any and every measure which Congress may see
fit to employ, consistently with the law of nations
and the usages of war, which fully recognize the
power of confiscation. And yet for long, weary
months we have been arguing, doubting, hesitat-
ing, deprecating.
As to what is called slave property, we have
been most fastidiously careful not to harm it. We
have seen a lion m our path at every step. We
have seemed to play the part of graceless stipend-
iaries of slaveholdmg rebels, seeking, by tech-
nical subterfuges and the ingenious arts of pen-,
sioned attorneys in desperate cases, to shield their
precious interests from all possible mischief. So
long have we been tugging in the harness of our
southern taskmasters that even this horrid con-
spiracy of rebel slave-masters cannot wholly di-
vorce us from the idea that slavery and the Con-
stitution are one and inseparable. Sir, while I
honor the present Congress for its great labors and
the many good deeds it has performed, I mustyet
count it a shame and a reproach that we did not
promptly enact an efficient confiscation bill in De-
cember last, which would have gone hand in hand
with our conquering legions in the work of tramp-
ling down the power of this rebellion, and restor-
ing our bleeding and distracted country to the
blessings of peace. Many thousands of dear lives
and many millions of moijey would thus have
been spared; for which a poor atonement, indeed,
can be found in the learned constitutional argu-
ments against confiscation, which have consumed
so much of the time of the present session of Con-
gress.
Mr. Speaker, this never-ending gabble about the
sacredness of the Constitution is becoming intol-
erable, and it comes from exceedingly suspicious
sources. We find that just in proportion as aman
loves slavery, and desires to exalt it above all
" principanties and powers," he becomes most
devoutly in love with the Constitution, as he un-
derstands it. No class of men among us have so
much to say about the Constitution as those who
are known to sympathize with Jefferson Davis and
the pirate crew at his heels. It will not be forgot-
ten that the red-hande'd murderers and thieves
who set this rebellion on foot went out of the
Union yelping for the Constitution, which they
had conspired to overthrow, through the blackest
perjury and treason that ever confronted the Al-
mighty. 1 remember no men who were so zeal-
ously on the side of the Constitution or so stu-
diously careful to save it from all detriment as
Breckinridge and Burnett, while they remained
nominally on the side of the Union. Every grace-
less miscreant who has wallowed in the filthy mire
of slavery till he has outlived his own conscience,
every man who would be openly on the side of
the rebels if he had the courage to take his stand,
every opponent of a vigorous prosecution of the
war by the use of all the powers of war, will be
found fulminating his dastardly diatribes on the
duty of standing by the Constitution. I notice,
also—and I do not mean to be offensive—that the
Democratic leaders who have recently issued a
semi-rebel address from this city, are most pain-
fully exercised lest the Constitution should suffer
in the hands of the present Administration.
Mr. Speaker, I prefer to muster in different
company. I prefer to show my fealty to the Con-
stitution by treating it as the charter of liberty, as
the foe of rebellion, and as amply armed with the
power to save its own life by crushing its foes.
Sir, who are these men in whose behalf the Con-
stitution is so persistently invoked ? They are
rebels, who have defied its power, and who, by
taking their stand outside of the Constitution,
have driven us to meet them on their own chosen
ground. By abdicating the Constitution, and con-
spiring against the Government, they have as-
sumed the character of public enemies, and have
thus no rights but the rights of war, while in deal-
ing with them we arc bound by no laws but the
laws of war. Those provisions of the Constitu-
tion which define the rights of persons in time of
peace, and which must be observed in dealing with
criminals, have no application whatever to a state
of war, in which criminals acquire the character
of enemies. The powers of war are not uncon-
stitutional, because they are recognized and pro-
vided for by the Constitution; but their function
and exercise are to be regulated by the law of na-
tions governing a state of war, and not by the
terms'of the Constitution applicable to a state of
peace. Hence I must regard much of this clamor
about the violation of the Constitution on our part
as the sickly higgling of pro-slavery fanatics, or
the poorly disguised rebel sympathy of sniveling
hypocrites. We must fight traitors where they
have chosen to meet us. They have treated the
Constitution as no longer in force, and we should
give them all the consequences, in full, of their
position. By setting the Constitution at naught,
they have rested their case on the naked power of
lawless might; and, therefore, we will not give
them due process of law, by trying, convicting,
and hanging them according to the Constitution
they have abjured; but we will give them , abun-
dantly, due process of war, for which the Consti-
tution makes wise and ample provision.
I have referred, Mr. Speaker, to the influence
of slavery in giving us false views of the Consti-
tution. It has also given us false ideas as to the
character and purposes of the war. We are fi°-ht-
ing, it is said, for the Union as it was. sTr, I
should be glad to know what we are to understand
by this. If it means that these severed and bel-
