THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the United States, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Arfny and Navy, should be increased. There are,
on the other hand, many overwhelming and con-
clusive reasons why the authorities of the differ-
ent States, subordinate to the Genera! Govern-
ment, should be maintained, that the States in
which volunteer regiments are raised and organ-
ized in accordance with the laws of such States,
should appointand commission theoffieersofsuch
volunteer regiments.
-This is a startling proposition, a most unwise
and impolitic measure, in conflict with the spirit
and genius of the nation; a destructive power,
encroaching upon the power of the States, and
enlarging, without any conceivable benefit, the
powers of the Chief Executive.
In Pennsylvania, in New York,in Indiana, and
in the other States, the laws provide the manner
in which officers in the volunteer service shall be
appointed and vacancies filled. But with results
hitherto so satisfactory, the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs proposes a radical change. The Gov-
ernors of the States are to be superseded, and vol-
unteer officers appointed by the President of the
United States, on the recommendation of certain
officers of the regiment. It seems to me that the
reading of the section itself—the stating of the
aosition—is the best argument against it. It
3 as follows:
That vacancies hereafter occurring among the officers of
the volunteer regiments commissioned by the Governors
of the States shall be supplied hy the President, on the rec-
ommendation of a majority of the commissioned officers of
the regiment.
I protest against this principle. I dcnouncethis
invasion of the just rights of the States. The gal-
lant State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent has consulted the brave men she has sent
forth in the cause of a common country as to who
should command them. In that State not only
the officers are consulted, but in most instances
the private soldiers themselves are consulted in
the selection of the men who are to lead them into
battle. Yet we are called upon here to take away
from those gallant soldiers, already themselves
experienced in arms, that privilege, and confer it
upon thePresident of the United States. Neither
the soldiers themselves nor their own State are to
bo consulted.
Mr, McPHERSON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana if lie will give way a moment to refer to
the provision of the Constitution, sixteenth para-
graph, eighth section, as follows;
il Congress slmll have power to provide for organizing,
arming,and disciplining ihe militia, and for governing such
part of them as m«iy be employed in the service of the United
States, reserving to the States respectively the appointment
of the officers."
Does not the proposed section conflict with this
feature of the Constitution?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Are these volunteers
" the militia?"
Mr. McPHERSON. They are; and the reason
of the thing applies to " volunteers," if they be
not considered " militia."
Mr. HOLMAN. The terms of the Constitution
are explicit. The Congress of the United States
may provide for organizing the niilitia, but the
officers ofsuch parts thereof as may be employed
in the service of the United States shall he ap-
pointed by the respective Stales. This power is
expressly reserved; language could not be more ex-
plicit. It is a mere quibble to say that the volun-
teer corps which has been called out by the Pres-
ident for the purpose of suppressing insurrection,
are not the militia of the seveial States. There are
but two corps of troops known to the Constitu-
tion, the regular Army and the militia. The vol-
unteer corps now in the service are not a part of
the regular Army, which was organized exclu-
sively under the authority of the General Gov-
ernment, and of which the President is in a pecu-
liar manner the Commander-in-Chief, as he js in a
different sense of the entire militia force of the
country; but the volunteer force is but the militia
of the several States, who ate organized under the
authority of Congress through the instrumentality
of the Executives of the several States. The Con-
stitution wisely raises an insurmountable obstacle
to this encroachment.
If the object is the centralization of power in
the General Government more than is necessary
foi the public defense, then this scheme is admir-
ably adapted to that end. But here stands the
Constitution, in which are embodied special safe-
guards against the centralization in the powers of
the Government—powers which may be properly
exercised by the States, protecting the sovereign-
ty of the States so far as is consistent with the
safety of the General Government. I would sus-
tain every reasonable and constitutional power of
the President of the United States; but I will not
confer upon him powers which may be as wisely,
safely, and as efficiently exercised by the States
themselves, through their respective Executives,
even if not forbid by the Constitution. I am against
consolidating this Government. I would not con-
fer upon him as chief of the Army a power which,
in my judgment, may more appropriately and
safely lie retained and exercised where it is now
vested—in the States.
Let these powers be properly exercised by the
Governors of States, and let the President of the
United States use the powers which it may be
necessary to confer upon him. But this power
tramples upon the States by conferring upon the
President of the United States authority in con-
flict with the authority of the States, and that,
too, upon a subject properly within the control of
the States; subjects, indeed, which have been re-
served to the States by clear constitutional limit-
ations. The Constitution, sir, forbids thisfnact-
ment. I protest against it, too, on the ground of
policy. It is, in my judgment, equally unjust,
inexpedient^ and unconstitutional. I trust, sir, that
the House will not allow a precedent to be estab-
lished which must be dangerous to public liberty
without any conceivable benefit to the public
service.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Indiana is late in taking the ex-
ception which he has stated. He ought to have
made it when the law was originally passed at the
extra session of Congress. It would have been
competent when the law was passed by which
these volunteers were raised. Then thePresident
of the United States was authorized to appoint
officers where the Governors refused or neglected
to appoint them. If the Constitution required that
these appointments should be made by the Gov-
ernors of the States, then we ought not to have
conferred this power upon the President at the
extra session of Congress. If the right is reserved
by the Constitution in the State, and the State
alone, wo cannot take it away from the State, nor
can the State give it up. If we cannot confer this
power upon the President now, we could not do
it at the last session, and therefore I have said
that then was the time to have made theobjection,
and not now.
The statementhasbeen made by gentlemen who
have given a great deal of attention to this subject
—I refer to a report of the Committee of Elections
—that a member of Congress, who is also a colo-
nel of a regiment, cannot continue to hold his seat
in this House, for the reason that he is an officer
of the United States Army. That committee has
made that report to this House, and they had that
provision of the Constitution before them. Can
they be militia officers, appointed by the Govern-
ors of the States, the States reserving to them-
selves the power to appoint these officers, and at
the same time can the conclusions hold good which
have been made by the Committeeof Elections in
their printed report? I do not know but the point
made by the gentleman from Indiana is a correct
one. I hope that the House may decide that way.
I would be inclined that way myself. But we must
look to the facts. If the Constitution prohibits
the President of the United States from appointing
these officers, then those appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States in the States where the
Governors neglected or refused to make the ap-
pointments are illegal.
As to the point under consideration, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs thought it was mani-
festly right that the President should appointthese
officers, when they are compelled to report to him,
unci when he must know more about them than
the Gov emors of the States, to whom they do not
report. The reports of the conduct and service of
these subaltern officers go directly to thePresident
of the United States, and he is better able to say
who shall be promoted than theGovernors to whom
these reports arc not made, and who can know
nothing of the service and conduct of these officers
except what they learn through the newspapers.
The authentic reports of commanding officers of
services rendered upon the battle-field, if the offi-
cers render any, are made to the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office, at Washington city. As the Adjutant
General represents the President of the United
States directly, and as the President has access
immediately to this authentic information of the
fitness of a man to hold an office, he is better qual-
ified to be intrusted with this power than t he Gov-
ernors of the States. He has these authentic doc-
uments, and the Governors have not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the gentleman from Mis-
souri heard any complaint of the Governors ex-
ercising this power?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir. I have
heard of some complaint. I have heard a great
deal ofconiplaintfrom commissioned officers com-
manding in the field. I have heard of cases where
colonels of regiments having been killed, the Gov-
ernors have sent from the State capitals some fresh
young men who have seen no service at ail to fill
those vacancies, leaving the lieutenan t colonels and
the majors to be thus superseded, although they
may have done long and gallant service. Con-
stantly has this been done, it is complained that
Governors have their favorites. I do not know
whether they do or not.
'Mr. GR1DER. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. Is there any report made by any vol-
unteer colonel to the War Department? Are not
the reports of the subaltern officers made to the
superior officer, and docs not the superior officer
only embody the reports of the subaltern officers
partially?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The superior offi-
cers report to the War Department. Of course
the subaltern officers report to their superior offi-
cers. The colonel makes his report to the briga-
dier general, and the brigadier general to the ma-
jor general, and the major general to the Adjutant
General at Washington city. The Adjutant Gen-
eral's office thus becomes the depository of all of
the reports of our armies in the field.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Indiana opposes the proposition now under con-
sideration, because it takes fiom the States the
power to appoint these officers. How are the ap-
pointments in the Army now made? Are they in
accordance with the laws of Indiana, or Illinois,
or the laws of the United States ? By the laws of
Illinois the militia are entitled to elect their own
officers. 1 believe the same law exists in the State
of Indiana. Now, how are they elected?
Mr. HOLMAN. Our field officers are elected
by the commissioned vofficers, except the major,
who is elected by the volunteers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then the particular ob-
jection is to the original law, and not so much to
this proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. What law does the gentle-
man refer to ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I refer to the law of
Congress which confers this power of appoint-
ment upon the Governors of the States. Now, if
Congress has the authority to confer the power
of appointment upon a Governor of a State, has
it not the authority to confer the same power upon
the President of the United States? That is the
point I wish to make.
Mr. HOLMAN. So far as my experience goes,
all the laws of the United States having reference
to the subjcct provide, in the organizing of a vol-
unteer force, that the power of appointment of
officers shall be in the States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Indiana does not seem to comprehend the point
I put to him. He makes theobjection that the
Constitution does not permit the passage of any
such proposition as that now under consideration.
He says that we cannot take away the power of
appointment conferred upon the Governors of
States. I reply to that by saying that the Gov-
ernors of the States received their power of ap-
pointment from an act of Congress passed at the
extra session. Now, if Congress lias the right
to confer the power to make these appointments
upon the Governors of the States, has it not the
same right to confer that power upon the Pres-
ident of the United States?
Mr. HOLMAN. A call was made upon the
several States, by the President, for volunteers;
and those volunteers were raised, organized into
regiments, and-officered, under the authority of
each State, and not under an act of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman from
Indiana is mistaken in that. All organized regi-
