1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
Nothing else can restore peace, security, and unity
to a distracted country.
We all know, sir, by what instrumentalities, if
at all, these great results are to bo accomplished:
we know that armies and navies arc the ultimas
rationes of all Governments; and we know, also,
that without the motive power of money and credit
armies and navies are but inanimate masses, mere
corpora drticta, useless for any purpose for which
they are gathered and organized.
Wc have armed, equipped, and organized at
great cost one of the largest and best appointed
armies the world has known. We have a Navy
respectable in the number of vessels it comprises,
complete in their armament, and more than respect-
able in the character of the brave and hardy seamen
and soldiery by which they are manned, and-of
the gallant officers by which they are commanded.
To maintain this Army and Navy in a state of effi-
ciency, and to move and operate it as expediency
and generalship shall require, involves a vast, a
fearful expenditure.
Thuscircumstaticed,the Administration, wield-
ing the executive powers of the Government, finds
itself confronted by an exhausted Treasury, and
without the means of meeting its existing or its
constantly accruing liabilities. It has in its vaults
none of that bright and shining coin which has
been so much lauded in this discussion, and which
some gentlemen seem to think has been, as it
were, made by Providence the only proper rep-
resentative of property, and the only admissible
agency for its exchange and convertibility; nor
has it even any of the promises of the banks of the
States to pay to the order of somebody the sums
specified, in the coin aforesaid, if anybody should
request it; nor has it any of its own promises of
our authorization which it can apply directly, or
by which it can legally possess itself of either of
the kinds of currency I have above named. It has
therefore no means of filling its Treasury. In this
its state of destitution it appeals to this House to
discharge its constitutional duty by originating
some bill which shall provide revenue sufficient
for its necessities.
The amount of floating liability now upon it is
at least $100,000,000, and if you will look into the
figures presented by the Committee of Ways and
Means, made in the opening speech of this debate,
you will see that the indebtedness inevitably com-
ing upon the country is immense—is, I had almost
said, appalling. Funded and floating, it is now
$400,000,000. It will be §650,000,000 on the 1st
of July, and if this war contiuues, §1,^00,000,000
in one year from that time.
But, sir, it is not our future indebtedness tlmt
need give us uneasiness to-day so much as absence
of the means of meeting our present pressing ne-
cessities. We must take care of thepiesent, and
we may then trust to the country and to the Power
above us to take care of the future. How are we
to meet this vastacciuing liability—this incoming
indebtedness? Are we to meet it by taxation ? 1
agree that taxation is the proper remedy for Gov-
ernment indebtedness in ordinary cases. If our
expenditures were small, and our revenue from
indirect taxation insufficient, we might provide
for them by a direct tax upon the people. But if
gentlemen will look at this matter of taxation,
they will see that, without prudence or modera-
tion, there is danger even in that direction. The
demands are too numerous and of too much mag-
nitude to be met by taxation as they accrue. We
shall have, therefore, to postpone a large amount
of this indebtedness to a more convenient period,
and, perchance to leave some of it as an inevitable
legacy to posterity, whose battles we are fighting,
and in whose behalf, as well as our own, our lia-
bilities are being incurred.
Look at the taxation that wc propose, and in
the necessity of which all agree. Wc propose to
raise §150,000,000 by taxation. How will it be
distributed?
If §30,000,000 were to be raised by direct tax-
ation, as was first proposed at the last session, the
apportionment to my State—which I refer to for
illustration, and gentlemen can take their'■own
States for the same purpose—would be §323,610.
We are a small State, and we have had no State
indebtedness until this rebellion came upon us,
and have usually raised only some sixty or seventy
thousand dollars to pay the expenses of our State
government. It is the first time that the people
of that State have looked forward to the visits of
the tax gatheier with anything like apprehension.
Take §317,000 and multiply it by five, and you
get §1,500,000 to be imposed upon the State of
New Hampshire by this tax, to the amount of
which we all agree. Apply it to the other States
in the same proportion, and some of them will
have to pay sums not measured by thousands, hut
by millions.
Let me state the amounts which would thus be
imposed on each of the New England States, and
on several of the other larger States, that it may
be seen that taxation is a stern reality, and only
to be indulged in commensuiate with an equally
stern necessity:
Maine $3,lo(3,605
New Hampshire  1,6:18,050
Vermont  l.oK},0U0
Massachusetts  G,ltM,;lf)0
Rhode Island  S77,325
Connecticut    2.311.G05
New Yoik 19,52D,S90
Pennsylvania J '1,GOO,405
Ohio   11 ,753,170
Yuginia 1."),830,000
Kentucky  0,33-3,315
It seems to me, then, that the true rule under
our existing circumstances is this—resort to tax-
ation now to the extent of providing for cairying
on the Government, for the payment of interest
upon all of the indebtedness that we shall incur,
and when the. time shall have arrived—now if
such is the judgment of the House, or hereafter if
more expedient—when the ability of the country
will permit it to provide annually for the ultimate
extinguishment of the principal. I think that the
correctness of this rule will not be denied.
In connection with taxation, the next means of
supply which suggests itself to help out its insuf-
ficiency are permanent loans on our bonds paya-
ble at a distant day. Can we raise enough money
at this time by such loans to eke out the deficiency
of taxation, and from the two sources combined
meet the wantsof the Government? All must, be
aware that this is utterly impracticable. No one
can fail to see that if any amount of such bonds
should be thrown upon the only mniket open to
us, the money markets of the Old W orld being vir-
tually shut against us, and our own being already
oveiburdcneil with like securities, they would sink
to a level of depreciation which should deler from
I any such hopeless experiment. Does any one be-
j hove that two or three hundred millions of bonds
of the United Slates could be negotiated without
a ruinous discount, if they should be taken by our
capitalists at all; oi that, if we should lely upon
them for the larger amounts needed, we could real-
ize more than one dollar ill hand foi two to be
paid heieasier?
There is no need to discuss further a proposi-
tion that is so obviously objectionable. However
useful and necessary the issue of bonds may be as
the means of absoibing notes the Government shall
issue for immediate use, as an independent means
of supply, the present price of such securities
now in the market, issued under more favorable
circumstances, shows them to be entirely unre-
liable. I now come, sir, to a consideration of
the only remaining means which has been sug-
gested of meeting our immediate expenditures,
namely, the issue of Treasury notes. The ex-
pediency and the necessity of the.issue of such
notes to the same amount, in some form, is almost
unanimously conceded. I know of no one who,
in view of the exigency of the country, could have
had the courage, if he had the inclination, to express
his dissent. "The bill reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means and the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Veimont [Mr. Morrilj.] may be
regaided as the only propositions now before the
House. It is understood that the other proposi-
tions will be withdrawn, and that the dissentients
from the bill will concentrate on this substitute.
One or the other of these, it is expected, will be
adopted, and they both agree in this: that the
Government must obtain its means, not by tax-
ation alone—although contemplating the same
amount of taxation—not by bonds, but by notes
convertible into bonds; with some diflerences, it
is tiue,as to the character and terms of both the
notes and the bonds. They agree in the main
features of a plan, and differ only in details. By
resorting to notes, instead of bonds, and these of
 nall denominations, they both are presumed to
intend that means shall be furnished by them, not
in the shape of loans, but by making them a cur-
rency.
1 propose to consider which of these plans—that
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
which, in alluding to it hereafter, I will term the
" hill," or that moved by the. minority of the com-
mittee, which may be called the " substitute"—
is most likely to accomplish the object which we
have in view. If the notes shall be issued under
the substitute, what circulation will they have?
What kind of cunency will they make? Who
will receive them at par in any business transac-
tion ? The substitute does not propose that they
shall pass fiom the Government upon any other
terms than at par. They must therefore pass from
it at the full amount expressed on their face or re-
main unused and useless, as would have been the
paper on which they were made before it had re-
ceived the Government impress. If you look at the
phraseology of the bill yon will see that the Gov-
ernment itself is not to receive them at par for all
its dues. It is proposed to make an exception, a
discreditable exception, against them at their very
outset. They are not to lie acccpted in payment
of duties on imports. They arc to be barred of
ingress into the custom-houses of the country.
Branded with this exclusion, where should they
find admission? For this, and other reasons
equally sufficient, they will beat once depreciated,
and nobody will take them as a currency, for no-
body will be able to pass them as such. They
will not pass at par among individuals, and they
will not be received at the counters of the banks.
Then what kind of a circulating medium would
they make. They would liccessarily become de-
preciated. The provision of a three and-sixty-five
hundredths percent, interest which they are to
bear, never to bo realized by the casual holder,
would not buoy them up. 1 must be allowed to
notice, another feature of the substitute, which
undoubtedly was intended to help their entrance
into the channels of circulation. I refer to that
feature which makes them receivable by public
creditors, a most extraordinary provision, as will
be seen when it is examined, and one which, while
it must be admitted to be ungenerous, would almost
subject those gentlemen who aie responsible for
it to the charge which was made, I think with
less reason ag-unst a provision of the bill of the
committee; that is, of having incorporated a pro-
vision which would be in bad faith on the part of
the Government towaids all who are bound to its
service. They propose to throw these notes into
circulation, to be taken by the Aimy and Navy
and all others engaged in theGovernment service,
though cxpiessly piobibited, as before stated,
from being taken in payment of one kind of in-
debtedness to the Govrnmeent, which would thus
offer them at par. To be sure, it is provided that
they are receivable at their option. What does that
mean? What option does the substitute offer? In
my judgmeirt that shows the utter desperation and
the ill success with which the opponents of the bill
have groped around to find some expedient which
would supply the place of that provision in the
bill which they would avoid, but which alone can
give any vitality arid strength to the issues of the
Government, which all agiee are necessary, and
renders the substitute, as a measure of relief, un-
worthy of consideration. They may receive the
currency of the substitute at their option. Sup-
pose they do not receive it? What then? The
Government stands without a dollar in its coffers.
It will have neither coin nor bank notes.
This haid-moncy Government that is to be, if
the substitute is adopted, will offerits depreciated
paper to those to whom they owe, and they may
take it or not at their option, which option means
simply that they may take what is offered or
nothing. That is the only option which they are
to have. It is attempted by the substitute to force
this currency into circulation. It is to tell the sol-
diers who are fighting our battles that they shall
receive their pay in something at par that is below
par; in something that will not pass from their
hands as they receive it, or else they are to remain
unpaid. I think that that would be a breach of
faith of the most flagrant description. It is more
objectionable by far than the legal tender clause.
That is open and manly. It declares what it
means. This provision is insidious. It does not
state what it means. It tlnows a heavy burden
upon all of the employes ofthe Government. In
