1W6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
for any consideration in money, would have that
great* magnificent river blotted out of the conti-
nent ? Well, sir, we propose to make a great Mis-
sissippi from one extremity of this continent to
the other—one great artery, in which the channels*
of wealth and commerce can flow and be distrib-
uted throughout the length and bread th of the land.
If there is a spectacle more humiliating than any
other to the American people, it is to be compelled
to ask the privilege of passing from one portion
of our own country to another of some foreign
Government. How is it now? We have to buy
of the States of Central America the permission
to cross the Isthmus for the purpose of communi-
cating between the different portions of our own
Republic, or else to spend weeks, months, and
years of labor almost in crossing the broad plains
that intervene.
So far as these lands are concerned, there ought
to be no objection to the donation proposed for
thepurpose of aiding the construction of this road.
Let there be no objection on that score. There
certainly should be none, for two reasons. In the
first place we have stolen the lands from the In-
dians, and in the second place we have already
received into the Treasury $62,000,000 more than
the lands cost us. I do not see, then, any reason
why we should not use the lands that remain in
our possession for some general public purpose,
rather than to devote .them to some private pur-
poses.
Now, then, so far as the constitutional objection
is concerned, it reminds me very much of some
of the able and eloquent addresses which I have
heard in former days upon the subject of trade.
One of the distinguished members from Pennsyl-
vania, for instance* will make an elaborate argu-
ment in favor of free trade, but just before lie sits
down he will say, in effect, that we must have a
Kittle protection for iion. One of the able mem-
bers from Louisiana will make aconclusivo speed)
in favor of free trade, but closes with an appeal for
a little protection for sugar. Another gentleman
from Ohio makes an able and eloquent argument
in favor of free trade generally, but before he sits
down thinks the inteiests of the country require
that there should be a liulo protection on wool. So
in every section of the country all are in favor of
the doctrine of free trade in the abstract, but each
must have his particular interest protected. So in
reference to the Pacific railroad; it has a great
many friends; all are in favor of a Pacific rdih oad,
but they do not just like the particular bill, nor will
they like any bill unless it starts in the corner of
every man 's farm and runs through all his neigh-
bors' plantations. [Laughter.]
Now,sir,all the propositions m reference to this
Pacific railroad bill which have been presented by
members of Congress were referred toaselcet com-
mittee, for the purpose of having them digested,
and some plan reported which would be accept-
able to the whole tlouse, for the puipose of com-
mencing the construction of this great work. The
bill I had the honor to introduce, with many others,
was thrown into the hands of that committee.
After a careful consideration of all the measures
before them, they reported the pending bill. It
puts my bill and my opinions entitely out of the
question. H leaves nothing of what I submitted.
But that is no leason why 1 should oppose the
report of the committee. It is a good step in the
right direction, if any wi ong or any injustice be
now done to any section, a pioper lemedy can he
provided hereafter. What we want now is to get
the road started. That i^ the desideratum. Lot
something practical be done at this time. That
committee was composed of intelligent gentlemen.
They have matured a hill, and they have pre-
sented it for the action of this House. If it bo not
perfect, what then ? There is nothing human that
is perfect. Yet, sir, this bill is as perfect as any
which could be matured and presented to this
House. Why not, then, throw individual opin-
ion aside and go for it?
Mr. Chairman, what we want in the House more
than anything else is a leader. We wan t some one
here who can represent the feelings and intentions
of the business portion of the members. As it is
now, scarcely a measure can be brought forward
but half a dozen leaders instantly take the floor.
Branches then are established, running out in all
diiections. If we have selected a judicious com-
mittee to which we have presented any matter,
Jet us have faith in that committee, and that the
bill they may report is as perfect as they can make
it. Let us stanu by their bill and pass it. What
a spectacle we would present if the Committee of
Ways and Means, on every bill that it reported,
permitted every member who felt like it to attach
what amendments he pleased. We would never
get any business through at all, or if we did there
would be nothing but confusion and disorder in
it. Then I say let us stand by the bill in this in-
stance which was reported from the committee on
the Pacific railroad.
I have a word to say now in reference to the
objection of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son.] If there is any section of the country more
peculiarly favored by this bill than another, it is
the State of Iowa. This bill has showered favors
upon that scction. It does secure to it a branch
of this important railroad, which privilege it does
not secure to any other State than the State of
Iowa. Then, why should Iowa object?
Mr. WILSON. Docs not this bill provide three
branches for the State of Missouri?
Mr. WATTS. I do not understand that it does.
The idea will strike every man who looks at the
map, that a branch should go in the neighborhood
of Port Smith, so that there maybe a connection
with Memphis and all of the southern roads of
the Atlantic sea-board,. The main central roat\
should go through the center of the country, at
some point in Kansas like Leavenworth. It is a
matter of perfect indifference with me whether it
is above Leavenworth or below Leavenworth.
But that is not all. I want to say another word
in reply to my distinguished friend from Iowa.
This bill has been drawn by the committee with
a special reference to Iowa. Any one who will
read the fourteenth section of the bill will see that
the State of Iowa has under it one hundred miles
of road west of the Missouri more than any other
State.
Mr. WILSON. The roads in Iowa, under the
provisions of this bill, will have to change their
route and yield up the lands granted to them by
the Government for the purpose of aiding in then-
construction.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This bill puts the roads in
Iowa upon precisely the same footing as the roads
in Missouri. If the local charters of the roads in
Missouri or Iowa require any supplementary
legislation, I have no uoubt that it can be pro-
cured. So far as Iowa is concerned, there is noth-
irtgin this objection. Missouri and fowaareupon
piecisely the same footing in regard to the grant
of lands.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask whether this bill
does not provide for the construction of three lines
of railroad running west from the boundary ofM is-
soun, one commencing at Kansas City, another
at the terminus of the St. Joseph and Hannibal
railroad j and the other at a point the name of which
I now forget?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Iowa
evidently has not read the bill. When lie does
icad it, he will discovei that the Missouri and Kan-
sas roads are authorized to combine for the pur-
pose of constructing a single line. As the bill con-
templates a connection with all of the eastern roads,
it authoi izes them to unite in order to complete a
single branch.
Mr. WILSON. Arc not the three Missouri
companies required to commence one branch at
some point upon the western boundary of Kansas?
Mr. CAMPBELL. They are obliged to com-
mcnce at Kansas City.
Mr. WATTS. When interrupted I was re-
ferring to the objection of the gentleman fiom
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.] In my judgment this bill
gives to Iowa one hundred miles of advantage
over any other State. It will bo recollected that
the roads in Iowa are not completed to the Mis-
sonu river. They arc far from being completed
to the Missouri river; and in order that they may
be connected with the main trunk of the road, it
will have to be deflected north instead of going di-
rect west. It will have to be deflected to a great
extent in older to accommodate the raihoads in
Iowa. If there is any injustice done at all, it is to
the whole Union in compelling a deflection of one
hundred miles noith in order to form a connection
with the Iowa branches.
Now, I believe that the distinguished gentleman
from Iowa will, upon reflection, conclude to sup-
pott this bill, notwithstanding the Committee of
the Whole may not chooscto agree to the amend-
ments which he proposes to offer. I believe that
the time has come when there should be action on
this matter. Every gentleman familiar with the
business of this House knows that unless we trust
something to the committee, and that unless we
stand by the measure they have matured, the mat-
ter will be delayed from session to session, until
finally nothing is done.
There has been much talk here about the great
plains which are said to be sterile and to produce
nothing. LcJ, me say a word on that. Almost
every man here lik#s a good beefsteak. How do
you get it here? You take a plow, turn up the
land, plant the corn,and when the autumn comes
you gather the corn.'Then you fatten your cattle
with it. After months you succeed in getting a
beefsteak. With a little powder and lead upon
those sterile plains you can get a good beefsteak
in fifteen or twenty minutes. They suppoit more
cattle than the rest of the country besides, and I be-
lieve that a white man is pretty near as good as an
Indian, and can live on almost anything that an
Indian can live upon. Then there are resources
in this country, and if every acre of this soil that
I am talking about will not produce a hundred
bushels of com, it will produce a hundred dollars
worth of gold, or silver, or iron, or some other
useful metal.
I have been some twenty-six times across the
country, and am familiar with the route, and there
is not upon the face of the earth any country where
a railroad can be built at such little expense. I
am somewhat familiar with the building of rail-
roads, and know something about what country
is suitable for building them and what is not, and
up to the point where you reach the Rocky mount-
ains, six hundred miles west of the Missouri,
there are no obstructions in the way. It is a gen-
tle ascent, and affords almost every facility for
the construction of a railroad. After you reach
that point, I mast confess that" Jordan is a terri-
ble hard road to travel "for some distance beyond,
so far as a railroad is concerned. [Laughter.]
But, sh, I have been admonished by my friend
from New Hampshire [Mr. Edwards] that. I
ought practically to act upcm the maxim with
which 1 started out, that it is action that is wanted
upon this great subject, and not talk, and I will
not further interrupt the progress of the debate
with any remarks of mine.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman,thegentleman from
New Mexico has informed the House that'its
great need is a leader. While he is busy looking
aftei that desirable person, I will proceed to make
a few rcmaiks, and as undoubtedly he will find
but little trouble in selecting a person who shall
not only satisfy his desires, but the desires of all,
he can announce him after I get through. Being
somewhat accustomed to act upon my own judg-
ment, and in accordance with the conclusions
which I arrive at from the operations of my own
mind, I propose to act with reference to this bill
upon the conclusions I have formed after a slight
examination of the subject.
i am in favor of the postponement of this bill
until the next session of this Congress, and I wish
to make one or two observations, giving the rea-
sons why 1 am in favorofsuch postponement. The
gentleman from New Mexico has further informed
the House that the great difficulty under which
we labor in this country is too much talk and too
little action. Where has the gentleman been that
he has not heard the sound of cannon within the
last twelve months, that he has not seen or heard
of the march of a million of men, whose tread is
now shaking this continent? It is because there
is too much action, altogether too great activity
in various portions of this nation, that I am in favor
of this postponement, and until we have some sur-
cease of this immense activity, I shall continue to
be in favor of postponement. For the present, 1
am in favor of postponing this bill until the first
month of your next session. It may happily be
that by that time we shall find out where we are
and what prodigious load of debt is devolved upon
us and upon our descendants for years and years
without end.
Consider for a moment the magnitude of this
projcct which it is now attempted to launch upon
this House. Eighteen hundred miles do notnum-
ber the distance from Kansas City to Sacramento.
Add to it the moderate margin of ten per cent.,
and you have two thousand miles of railroad in a
dircct line from Kansas City to Sacramento, at the
