1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38?
3Ttii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation—Emancipation—Mr. Harding.
Ho. op Reps.
vice. Here the object shows itself. Itis to eman-
cipate the slaves of the entire South.
Now, an attempt to justify anyone of these
measures on constitutional grounds would be
actually laughed at, if men were not blinded by
passion. Confiscate a man's property. Punish
hint for the crime of treason without trial, and
then try him afterwards. Call treason by another
name, and then punish it in a way that, under the
Constitution, treason cannot be punished. No
matter what name you call it, it is still the same.
Treason is treason, and is clearly defined in the
Constitution. Giving it another name does not
change the thing. It is treason still; and this is
the sheerest evasion in the world, such as gentle-
men will be ashamed of two years hence.
But it is not my purpose to enter at length into
the constitutional argument. I have a shorter
way of coming at if, if the consciences of gentle-
men can be aroused. I know full well that, there
is one thing which the human mind, when it goes
in search of it, never fails to find. Man's mind
is so constituted that whenever he resolves to do
an act, and then turns about to find a reason, a
plausible excuse for it, he never fails to find it.
Men sometimes adopt their scriptural theories and
sectarian notions in advance, resolve to embrace
the tenets of a certain sect, and then go to the
Bible to search for the proof to sustain them.
Thus it is that that best of all books has been
mangled and tortured and perverted and crucified
in the house of its professed friends. Our Con-
stitution is sharing that same fate now. Gentle-
men resolve to do a thing, and then set out in
search of some justification or plausible excuse;
and they always find it. But I have a shorter
way of coming at it. I intend to prove that these
wholesale measures, and this war on slavery, are
confessadly unconstitutional. I intend to do it by
evidence which gentlemen themselves cannot ques-
tion. I intend to appeal directly to the majority
here who are controlling the legislation of the
House. Would it be too strong an expression
for me to use if I were to say that you, gentlemen,
voted on the 13th of February, 1861, that you
could not even legislate on the subject of slavery
in any State of the Union without violating your
oaths? Why, you have recorded it under the
sanctions of your office here as members of Con-
gress, at a time when theie was less passion opei -
ating than there is now, but when all the fearful
consequences of this war were staring you in the
face. You have said yourselves that, to legislate
on this question of slavery in any State was to
violate the Constitution, and you have sworn that
you would not do that. I had the security of your
oaths to present to my constituents. We were
armed in that way. Now, I want no dodging in
regard to this. If any gentleman can answer, and
show that my position is false, let him do it.
Here is a icsolution to which I beg to call the
attention of gentlemen. I will call up witnesses
here whose judgment, legal ability, and honesty
cannot be gamsayed. Out of your own mouths,
gentlemen. I will prove it. Here is the resolu-
tion:
11 That neither the Congress of the United States nor the
people or governments of the non-siavcholding States liave
the constitution.il light to legislate upon ormterfeie with
slavery in any s-laveholding State in this Union."
Whose names do we find to this resolution?
Mark you, this is language which will admit of
no equivocation. It is an express declaration that
Congress has no constitutional right to legislate
upon thesubjectof slavery in anyway in the States
where it exists; that to do it is a direct violation
of the Constitution; but you have sworn that you
will not violate the Constitution, and therefore
you have sworn that you will not legislate upon
this subject.
But who do we find voting for that resolution ?
I see here the name of the present Speaker of this
House, and he is good authority with me. I see
the name of Johm A. Bingham, the same gentle-
man from whom we have heard from time to time
in this House. I see the name of Samuel S. Blair,
I suppose the same gentleman whom I see over the
way. i see the name ofMr. Dawes here. I see the
name of Mr. Eliot, the same gentleman who re-
ported these bills, and I see the names of most of
the gentlemen who have introduced bills upon this
subject.
Mr. DAWES. I have introduced no bill upon
this subject.
Mr. HARDING, I did not say the gentleman
had introduced a bill upon the subject. I said,
however, that his name was here as havingvoted
for this resolution, declaring that there is no con-
stitutional power in Congress to legislate upon the
subject of slavery in any State. The gentleman
has sworn to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore I take it for granted he
cannot vote for these bills. I do not see how any
man who voted for that resolution can vote for a
measure now which he has by his vote solemnly
declared he has no power to «o.
I find hero, too, Mr. Speaker, the name of
Charles B. Sedgwick, and I suppose it is the
gentleman who yesterday offered an amendment
to one of these bills now under consideration. I
see here too the names of John A. Gurley, John
Hutci-iins, Owen Loyejoy, Horace Maynard,
and many other gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, who arc now urging the passage of
these measures. I see the name of Justin S. Mor-
rill. I take him to be the gentleman whom 1 so
highly regard sitting on my right.
1 say to these gentlemen that they may explain
the inconsistency of their conduct as they please,
they cannot make the country believe that their
acts in voting for these measures is not in diiect
conflict with their solemn declarations so lately
made. You have said that to legislate in any way
upon this subject would be a violation of the Con-
stitution. But you have sworn that you will not
violate the Constitution; and we have, therefore,
your solemnly recorded vote, and your solemnly
recorded oath, that you will not legislate upon this
subject. Have you changed your minds since that
time? If you have, you have reason todistiust
the judgment to which you haVe now come; and
you ought to take the sobcrsccond thought before
you proceed further.
Now, the next proposition I have to present is
to submit whether there is any man so blind as
not to see that this is a direct proposition to legis-
late upon the subject of slavery in the States wheie
it exists,and not to legislate upon it paitially and
indirectly, as was said by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Keli.ogg,] who has just addiessed the
Hou.se; but as pioposed by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] to blot out the in-
stitution, to sweep away, m the progress of our
armies, the slaves of the loyal and disloyal alike.
Is not that plainly and unequivocally legislation
upon the subject of slavery? Can any man say
that it is not? Is there any question upon the sub-
ject? And have you not all sworn that you will
not legislate upon it? Do you expect, after the
feverish excitement of the hour shall have passed
away, that posterity will not hold you responsi-
ble? Sir, it is a fearful weight of responsibility
that will rest upon the members of this Congress;
and that will be seen m its full force when the fair
and impartial historian shall record these acts.
Sir, we ought to look forward to the future, we
ought,mimagmation, toglidefardown the stream
of time, and look at the generations that shall
come after us; those future generations will either
bless our memory for canyirig the ship of State
safely through the storm, or they will execrate our
memory and folly for allowing it to bo wrecked
and destroyed.
Well, sir, if the proposed legislation is not in
accordance with the Constitution, where is your
apology or excuse for insisting upon it? You do not
understand how we border State men have strug-
gled, how wc have fought against secession, and
contended for the conservatism of the North.
The declarations of the extreme fanatics and ab-
olitionists have been paraded before our people as
the sentiments of the entire northern people.
You do not know, as we do, to what means the
leaders of this rebellion in Kentucky, and all over
the South, have resorted to, to bring the people of
the South into their measures.
The intemperate utterances of Garrison, of
WendellPhilhps,and otherextremofanatics, have
been published everywhere in the South as the
opinions of the nouhern people. The doctrines
of a man who hesitates not to avow that for nine-
teen years has he endeavored to take nineteen
States out of the Union, are theie published as
your doctrines. To meet this it was necessary on
our part to gather up the temperate utterances of
the North, to quote to them the remarks of the
conservative men of the North, declaring that it
was not your purpose in prosecuting this war to
crush out the institution of slavery. I always
found that whenever I could succeed in convinc-
ing them that your object was not to destroy the
institution of slavery, they were for the Union;
but whenever the secessionists could succeed in
making them believe that it was the purpose of the
North to interfere with shivery in the States, they
were ready to go with them. That was the great
question of debate. 1 rccollcct, on returningfrom
the extra session of Congress last summer, I was
met by respectable farmers who anxiously in-
quired what was the prospect, whether this was
to be a war upon slavery? I assured them that it
was not; and I referred them to the resolutions
passed in this House, to the Crittenden resolutions,
in proof of the assertion that the northern people
were prosecuting the war in good faith to preserve
the Union, and not for the abolition of slavery.
But I was asked whether 1 believed these northern
men would keep their pledges, whether they might
not, after all, disregard their promises. I confess
I felt somewhat indignant that such a question
should be asked. I asked these men if they sup-
posed that gentlemen elected to Congtcss, because
of their uprightness and honorable character,
would abandon the solemn pledges they had sworn
to carry out? Now, Mr. Speaker, if you pass
these bills, whatt I ask you, shall I say to these
farmers: what shall I say to my people when I
return again ?
What were the assurances given and the argu-
ments used to induce the people of Tennessee to
return to their loyalty by General Campbell, Wil-
liam B. Stokes, Governor Andrew Johnson, and
other speakers at a veiy huge meeting held in the
city of Nashville on the 1;2(h day of this month?
I beg to call the attention of the House for a mo-
ment to some extracts fi om the speeches made at
that meeting. Mr. Stokes stated:
u People wont about declaring tbatthe South had no rights
m the Tcriitorici. Thai was IalM\ A imMrigid law pio-
teetmg slavery was ptu^ed in Now Mcvh'd, and no act of
Ojukic^ had dcel.ued it void ^ * * A v a Tin*
Republican party came forward and estabhMied the princi-
ple of non-uiietvenuoii in ilu: TimiionCh of Dakota, Ne-
vada, and Colmado It was established by law that Con
gtev> ! hould not inierl'eie."
At the same meeting, another speaker, referring
to the delusion u- der which many of the people
of that State were resting, said:
" He wished to see them lay down theii arms and come
back to their allegiancc. lie pronounecd a« false and
the representation that their pioperty would be confiscated;
that theii slaves would be sold to pay the expenses of the
war. No such thing-* would happen."
All these things wc have dilated upon time and
again in the border States. And they were pre-
sented to that Tennessee audience just at the very
time when you were here breaking down all these
arguments, prohibiting slavery m all the Territo-
ries, and pressing your confiscation and emanci-
pation measures. Yes, sir, it is a melancholy
reflection that, when this brave Governor of Ten-
nessee and others arc telling the people of the
South that all their rights will be protected under
the Constitution, it is gravely proposed here to con-
fiscate all their property, emancipate their slaves,
•and deprive them of all of their rights. Yes, sir, at
the very time when those people are told that the
charges of the secessionists are false and lying;
that this is not an abolition war, but one only for
the preservation of the Government and the res-
toration of the Union, and that all of their rights
under the Constitution will he protected—I appeal
to the good sense of this House whether this is
the proper time to be pressing such measures?
Mr. Speaker, what was it thotdrovc the masses
of the. southern States into this rebellion ? I have
no apology to offer for the fire-eaters, for they are
wise as serpents and equally as venomous. I have
no apology to offer for men like Phillips, who
boldly avows that for nineteen years ho has been
steadily laboring for the disruption of this Union.
If gentlemen want to know the true cause of this
rebellion I can state it in a very few words. Itis
patent to all who will take the trouble to look into
it, and it does not require much argument. The
true cause of this rebellion is neither more nor less
than this: desperately wicked men at the North
and at the South have been constantly raising and
