1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wonts and nothing for those of his subjects, levied. [
his r< venues in the simplest and most direct way
possible—he took what he wanted. Expciience
ultimately demonstiated even to kings that the
purposes"of revenue could best be subserved by
some attention to the i ules of commerce. And
the suggestion was cultivated and improved until
the government fiscal machinery, adjusted by a
thousand years of heeded experience, was placed
by the great s'lvums and ciiannels or commerce,
and propi lied by their currants without a serious
detriment to trade, and with great advantage to
the sovereign's revenues.
It is obvious that the more perfect the harmony
between the governmental financial machinery
and these couises and currents of trade, the more
prospei ous and floui ishing must be the condition
of a given nation. It should be the purpose of the
so vei ei^n to withdiaw the smallest needed amount
from these streams, retain it the shortest time,
and return it in an unimpaired condition. From
these bi irfly stated premises two or three conclu-
sions inevitably arise:
The laws of commerce were not enacted by
Congress.
They cannot be repealed or controlled by our
legislation, and any attempt to disregard them
must end in disaster.
A scheme of national finance, to be successful,
must be so ;uljusted that its workings will harmo-
nize and not conflict with these laws.
A scheme that should exhaust the circulating
medium that fills the channels of trade would fail.
So, too, if those streams are inadequate to the
wants of commerce and the Government, means
to augment them must be found; while that plan,
based upon pi maples at utter war with tiic fun-
damental ^principles of commetce, must, upon a
gigantic scale like outs, result in the destiuction
of both.
The prima! fundamental demand of commerce,
and without which ii is im possible, is an adequate
supply of momy—actual money; not that which
some King or Congress calls money, but that which
is coined pursuant to the usages of trade, and that
cannot be debased below its standard; money and
its equivalents, made us equivalents by its actual
pcisonal piesence. Jt was early discovered that
certain metals had the highest intiinsic value, below
which they would, under no circumstances, ever
fall. This  ave them a still higher exchangeable
value. Nations, under the demands of commerce,
seized upon these metals and stamped upon them
the national estimate of their worth, made up of
their intiinsic and exchangeable value, and thus
coined money—us natuie coins her woiks with
the image of truth on the outside.
It is a singular fact that the various national
standards thus made up, as applied to a given piece
of these metals of known weight and fineness, arc
nearly identical. Below this standard real money
novel falls. It is the sovereign quality of money
in commercial estimation that rh«* holders of per-
sona! service and commodities will always readily
exchange them for money. Hence the holder of
money can always command them, and Ins power
to do so is limited only by the quantity of his
money. If his money is limitless, his power to
command services and commodities is limitless.
He uii^ht bay up the physical and political domin-
ion of the globe, purchase of kings their crowns,
nnd make virtue triumphant by paying a premium
for good deeds.
Whoever throws into the channels of trade, in
the place of money, anything less valuable than it
and its equivalents, to that extent, at least, disar-
ranges and dcmoicdizes the whole vast and com-
plex national and individual interests dependent
upon then* healthy action.
Can money be made of paper? Clearly not by
calling it money, though all the people and their
rulersTshould conspire under any foimss of solem-
nity to call it so, nor yet by attempting to make
itpetform the functions ot money. Taper has
no appreciable intrinsic value; and its exchange-
able value is of the lowest possible grade. Ihe
only high degree of value it can ever attain is
that which may be imparted to it by that which
is wrirren or printed upon it. Stamp on it by the
national impress that it is money, and tiy u by a
commercial test. The holder of it would not ne-
cessarily have the power to command a moment's
service or the most trifling commodity. Say that
it has the quality of discharging private liability.
; and yet the holders of brain and bone and muscle
might not be induced to make the least exchange
for it. But it is probable that they would to a
certain extent. Give the holder of this money a
limitless supply and send him into the market, and
we know there is a limit beyond which he cannot
get in his purchases, mising wholly from the
quality of the article with which he would buy.
In the course of his transactions he would soon
find that he is obliged to exchange more paper for
less commodities, and this would go on until the
extreme limit was reached, at which all the paper
that he has parted with, as well as all he still
holds, is worth less than the paper ere it was made
money.
Who now will arise and say that money con be
made of paper?
Let the national hand inject a mass of this mis-
called stuff into the channels uf commerce, and
what result but one can ensue ?
As a nation, wo now requom and must have a
limitless supply of service and commodities. Our
market can furnish them. The holders are not
only friendly and favorable, but anxious to make
the exchange. Indeed, the very purpose we wish
to accomplish is identical with their most cher-
ished interests; or, rather, upon its accomplish-
ment depend all the values of all their interests,
and our need now is a supply of a commodity
with which to effect the exchange.
Money we have not, and hence cannot create
its equivalents.
In this exigency, it would be easy to issue the
proposed $100,000,000 and make it by law a legal
tender, or money. Indeed, no choice seems left
us hut to daie the expeiiinent in some form. Un-
der the wisest provisions and lestrictions 1 look
for loss, if not disaster, and I only hope we may
escape the woist consequences that have hitherto
attended all similai schemes; and I trust we may,
if we can still profit by the maxim that permits
even fools to learn from experience. Jt is appar-
ent that the whole quantity of the circulating me-
dium must be materially increased, for obviously
that which was only equal to the demands of com-
merce and the oidinaiy wants of the Government
is wholly inadequate to the same demands and the
extraordmai y wants of the Government.
The Constitution furnishes ample warrant for
an issue of Treasury notes; but it cannot be found
in the loose way in which many able jjentlemen
derive it. They seem to regard the Constitution as
a reservoir originally containing limitless power,
all of which still lemauiH, unless withdrawn by
a special prohibition. In fact, it was to commence
with an empty receptacle, and never contained
anything except what was placed in itduectly.
As to this matter, even if it can be shown that the
franiers of that insii umerit did notinteml to place
the power to issue these notes in the Constitu-
tion, and that they supposed by refusing to de-
posit it there it would not theiein exist, still, with
o the is, I find in that instrument powers and duties
that cleaily carry with them this power as an inci-
dent; but I do not find it, nor any other power,
merely because Congress tlid not prohibit it.
Even if the Constitution had prohibited the
Congi ess,as it does the States, from issuing " bills
of cr( dif," we still miirht issue Treasury notes,
because they are not "bills of eiedit;" nor are
the notes issued by the Siate hanks. Hills of cr< dit
were well undetstood by the Iramers of the Con-
stitution, and have no essential (.dement in com-
mon with notes such as we may issue. I may not
now point out the distinctions and differences that
cleaily mailt the two.
The quality to be exclusively relied upon to in-
sure the eiiculation of a paper medium is the never
questioning confidence of a community in the
ab.lity and intention of its issuers to pay it. The
paper, then, should bear on its face the highest
pioofof this ability and intention: and no mark
or characteristic that would raise a doubt or lead
to inquuy should mar it. When paper, whether
issued by individuals, corpoiatiotis, or nations, is
once issued, it is subject to precisely the same
laws, and under the same circumstances will reach
and produce similar results, in these respects no
diffeience can exist. The name " national cur-
rency" may delude. The only possible difference
that can exist between paper issued by a nation
and that issued by an individual is, a nation can
write more evidences of its ability and intention
I to pay upon its obligations than can an individual.
No other difference docs or can exist. The mak-
ing these notes receivable mutually between the
Government and its creditors and debtors, and
also a legal tender, does notand cannot full within*
the evidences of the nation's ability and inclina-
tion to pay them; nor can those characteristics
in any way add to the stability of this currency,
or provoke a confidence in the people to receive
them.
They are only facilities by which a most dan-
gerous and unhealthy circulation will be stimu-
lated and secured. I am prepared to make these
notes recei\ ible for the public dues, which does
make them a qualified legal tender I admit, and
gives to those who contend for the main proposi-
tion a serious advantage in the argument; but be-
yond that I will not go. The power to make these
notes a legal tender is a constitutional vagabond,
and finds a lurking-place nowhere in our system-
The pioposition ihatbccause the States only were
prohibited this power, and therefore wc may ex-
ercise it, needs no further refutation.
The grounds on which my distinguished col-
league [Mr. Bingiiam] rests this power arc most
extraordinary. He says that the Constitution has
conferred no power upon Congress at all in refer-
ence to the subject of legal tender—says nothing
at all about it—and therefore we have the power
to make paper a legal tender, and money £en-
etally. Why, sir, according to him,a man mighty
with a tin cup of a prescribed pattern, dip up a pinl
of water from the nearest puddle and make that
a legal tender, if the Congress should so will. This
is beyond the leach ofargument. Notonly is there
no wariant for this power, but its exercise vio-
lates the whole spirit of the Constitution. Under
that we may in one way impair contracts, that is,
we may discharge men from the obligation of a
contract by a bankrupt law; but that we can only
do by an expiess grant of power.
What would be the effect of making those notes
a legal tender? A man who had borrowed #50Q
in gold, on thirty days, could discharge himself
fiom the obligation of his contract by the delivery
of five hundred nominal dollars m this paper, which
might he worth "utter nothing." We, by our
law, give the power to do this. I cannot consent
to it.
It is ineffectual to quote to me instances where,
as gentlemen say, Congress has,in another way,
done something like this. It is a villainy not to
be repeated.
Still, if my colleague is right in his law, men
need not take these notes unless they wish to, for
all they would have to do would be to make a spe-
cial lungain for gold and silver in their dealings.
i( so, what value is there in this proposed piovis-
ion of your law, which men can so cheaply nullify?
This quality of legal tender cannot add to the
stability of this currency, nor will it induce con-
fidence, but the reverse of both. It comes in "a
questionable shape, "bold, confessing, and shame-
less; and if a man takes it at all, it is not because
he wants it, but either because he must have it,
or because lie trusts to this characteristic to get
rid of it again. Indeed, one of the arguments
uiged for the incorporation of this provision into
this bill is, that the creditors of the Government
who must take these notes must have the power
to get rid of them again, as a matter of justice to-
them; otherwise they might perish on their hands.
1 The death ouijht to occur one remove from them.
' In the name of all commercial sagacity, how long
! do you expect to keep afloat a currency that thus
has to cut its way into market—be shot into men,
so to speak ? How long will it be before the hold-
eis of services and commodities will refuse to
exchange for it? And when that time comes, even
cieditois will piefei to trust a debtor still further
to taking it, and it comes to an end with almost
everything and everybody who depended upon
it. To this feature I eannot consent. I will vote
to expunge it; and if that lads, I will choose be-
| tween the bill and its defeat.
! Mr. BLAKE. Mi. Chairman, at no time in
i the history of our country was the peril to our
! free institutions creator than now. Even thatdaik
I period just preceding the formation of our Consti-
I tution, in 1787, was. no  more gloomy,forbidding,
j «nd threatening to civd liheity than the Lving
1 piesonce that now confronts us. Ihen, rebellion
had shown itself in Massachusetts; Shay and his
band of insurgents had attempted to strike down
the very Government that the people had just
