1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2667
were the person against whom the accusation was
brought, lie might not find this particularity ob-
jectionable. There is a great deal of difference
between being the accuser and the accused. The
accused might like to know from which depart-
ment of the Government the accusation camorfind
what the accusation is; and I confess that I sym-
pathize with him in that regard.
Mr. BINGHAM. It seems very surprising to
me that after having twice made the remark that
I was no accuser in this matter, the gentleman,
contrary to his usual courtesy, should reiterate
the charge.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman, I pre-
sume, misunderstood the application of my re-
mark. The gentleman felt himself called upon
to characterize an inquiry as to what department
of the Government this information was commu-
nicated to as hypercriticism, and the remark I
made was in reference to that.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is at fault
again. I did not characterize the inquiry as hy-
percritical. I characterized the suggestion of the
gentleman that the resolution ought to designate
the particular department of the Government to
which the information was communicated as hy-
percritical.
Mr. NOBLE. My colleague has stated that a
communication has been made to this House from
the executive department of the Government.
Now I, as one member of this House, have heard
of no such information or communication, and I
ask whether it is not due to us to receive that
communication, if it has been given to the House ?
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague did not un-
derstand distinctly what 1 said upon my respons-
ibility, that the information had been communi-
cated to the Government; and I say now upon
my responsibility that the statement contained
in that preamble is true.
Mr. WOOD. That what statement is true?
Mr. BINGIIAM. I say that it is true that
such information has been communicated to the
Government. I desire to do the gentleman from
JNew York entire justice, and to do myself the
justice to repeat that in presenting this resolution
to the House I have been careful to guard it by
so wording it that it cannot possibly be construed
into an accusation in advance of the gentleman.
It is simply a resolution of inquiry—not of ac-
cusation.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Ohio will
permit me to say a woid, f will remark that I
nope this resolution will be adopted and this com-
mittee appointed; and I desire at tiie same time to
thank this Government for giving me a hearing,
which they have denied to so many others.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope there will
be no debate upon the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion .
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
BUSINESS OF TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER stated that the business of the
Districtof Columbia having been assigned for to-
day as a special order, the call of committees for
reports of such business would now be proceeded
with.
SMALL NOTES IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee for the
Districtof Columbia, reported back the bill of the
Senate (No. 193) to repeal that part of the act of
Congress that prohibits the circulation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in
the Districtof Columbia, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was lead. It repeals that portion of
the act of the 27th of December, 1854, which pro-
hibits the circulation of bank notes in the District
of Columbia of a loss denomination than five dol-
lais; providing, however, that this law,shall not
be construed as authorizing the issue of bills by
any bank not by law authorized to issue them.
Mr. DELANO. 1 am directed to ask the House
to put that bill on its passage; and if no one de-
sues to speak upon it, I will demand the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say
a woid upon the bill.
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I wish to make
this suggestion to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I am aware that the law prohibiting the
circulation of small notes in the District of Co-
lumbia is for the present inoperative. The pecu-
liar circumstances in which the country is placed
render it inoperative. Some legislation upon the
subject is evidently needed; bat instead of repeal-
ing the existing law on the subject, I would much
prefer that its operation shoufel be suspended for
say three years, so that at that time if the neces-
sity for this legislation shall have passed away,
we shall not be called again to reenact the old law.
It seems to me that it would be preferable simply
to enact a law suspending, from the passage of
the act, the operation of the law prohibiting the
circulation of small notes in the District of Co-
lumbia for a term of three years. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will move that amendment.
Mr. DELANO, I decline to yield for that pur-
pose. What the gentleman proposes can be ac-
complished at any time within the three years by
reviving the act which is now proposed to be re-
pealed. Ever since the commencement of our
present troubles, every gentleman in this House
has been circulating bills of one kind or another
of a less denomination than five dollars within the
Districtof Columbia, and has therefore been guilty
of a violation of the law of Congress. It is clearly
the judgment of the Committee for the District of
Columbia that such a state of things should no
longer exist, and we therefore propose, for the
present, to repeal the law, so that we may con-
form to what seems to be a necessity without a
violation of the laws of the land. We propose to
so provide that in passing bills of a less denomi-
nation than five dollars, from day to day, we may
not be guilty of a violation of the laws of the la nd.
If, after two or three years, it shall be found to be
necessary or advisable to reinstate the now exist-
ing prohibitory law, we, or a future Congress,
may do it.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man one question. I ask him whether lie is not
aware that the Committee of Ways and Means,
in compliance with the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Trcasuiy, are expected to bring
in a bill to authonze the issue of Treasury notes
of a less denomination than five dollars?
Mr. DELANO. That can have no bearing
whatever upon thopropuety of the passage of this
bill. If such a bill be reported by the Committee
Ways and Means, it will be merely in further-
ance of the pol icy now recommended by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia. I demand the
previous question on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oidered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURORS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back Senate bill No.
279, providing for the selection of jurors to serve
in the several courts of the District of Columbia,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides:
That it t-liali be the dutv of the register of Washington
citv, and of the re-pecttve clerks ol the city of Georgetown
and Use levy eouit o< Wellington county, in the Distuct j
of Columbia. witlnn one month aftei the passage of thw ■
act. and on or be!oi e thel-tdayoi February m each j car j
thereafter, to make a list of such of the white male cm- i
zen--, tax paveis, residing within their respective juusdie- [
lions a-, they shall judge best qualified to serve as juiors j
in the eouit-5 of the >aidDistnet, m winch lists ma\ he in- j
eluded, iti the discretion of the officer making the -ame, j
the names of such qualified peison-> as were oil the list ol !
the previous \ ear but did not serve as jntoi and the lifts j
thin made b> the registet and clerks afmc&aid, shall be kept :
by them, respectively, and be dehveiedovei to their suece.^-
sois in office.
The second section provides:
Thar the officers afoi^aid shall select from the list of the 1
registei of Wa- hington city the names of four hundred per-
son*-, lioin that of the eleik of Geoigetovvn eighty pei&ons,
and from that of tiie clerk of the levy court foiiy persons,
which propotuon, after the year 1863, may be varied I rom
year to ycai nceotding to the increase oi decrease ol pop-
ulation in the icspective jui indict ions, by ordoi ol the judges
of the circuit court of VVaslnngton county.
The thiul section provides:
That the mayors of the cities of Washington and George-
town, ail judicial officers, salaried officers of the Govern*
ment of the United States, commissioners of police and
those connected with the police or fire depatffnent, coun-
selors and attorneys at law, ministers of the Gospel and
puests of eveiy denomination, practicing: physicians and
surgeons.keeppi s of hospitals, asylums, almshouses, orothef
charitable institutions created by or under the laws relating
to the District, ot Columbia, captains and masters and other
persons employed on vessels navigating the waters of said
Dtstricf, and keepers of public ferries, shall be exempiirom
jury duty, and their names shall not be placed in the lists
aforesaid.
The fourth section provides:
That the names on said lists shall be written on separate
and similar pieces ot paper, which shall bo so folded or rolled
up that the names cannot be seen, and be placed in a box,
to.l/e provided by the register and clerks aforesaid, winch
box shall be sealed, and after being thoroughly shaken, shall
be delivered to the clerk of the circuit court of Washing-
ton county for safe-keeping.
The fifth section provides:
That the said register and clerks,and tlie clcik of thecir-
euit eouit, shall, at least ten days before the commence-
ment of each term of the circuit or of the criminal court,
meet at the City Hall, in Washington city, and then and
there the cleik of the circuit court shall publicly break the
seal of said box and proceed todiavv therefrom the names
of so many peisons as aie required; and if the jury about
to be drawn is intended foi service in the criminal court,
the twenty-three peisons whose names shall be first drawn
shall constitute the grand jury, and the twenty-six persons
whose names shall next be drawn shall constitute the petit
jury, for that tetin•, but in a capital case, where the said
panel shall have been exhausted by reason of challenge or
othei wise, the com t before whom such capital case is pond-
ing ma>. in its discretion, order additional names to he
drawn; and if all of the names in tiie box shall have been
drawn out and no jury found, the court may order the mar-
shal to summon talesmen until a jury shall be found. And
if a jui y be required for the circuit court, the twenty-six per-
sons whose names shall first be drawn shall constitute the
jiny for that term, and the names of the persons drawn as
aforesaid shall not hi; again placed in such box for the pe-
nod of two yeats. If any person whoso name is so drawn
shall have died or jemoved from the District, or has bccomc
otherwise disabled fiom serving as a jui or, the said register
and clerics shall draw ftotn the box another name, who shall
set ve instead ; and after tin; requisite number of jurors shall
have been so diawn, the s-aid box >hall h<  again sealed and
deliveied to the clerk ot the enemt court as aforesaid.
The sixth section provides:
That it shall be the duty of the marshal of the District of
Columbia, at least five days before the meeting of the court
for which a jury is required, to notify each person drawn,
by serving on him a notice m writing ot hi  selection as a
juror of the court he is to attend, and of the day and hour
he i^ to appear; which notice shall be given to each jutor
in person, or be left at hi* uMtnl place ol residence ; a copy
of which nonce, with his ccitiiicate staling when and in
what manner the original wa  scived, shall be leiurned by
the t-aid maijhal to the court bcfoic the commencement of
the tciiii for which the said juiors were drawn.
The seventh section provides:
That in case either of the officers, whose duty it is to
make out the li«ts afotcs.ud, shall neglect or refuse to act,
or in case either of them shall be mtciested m any action
or proceeding pending in tiie said cncuit or criminal court,
the chief judge of the circuit court shall appoint a fit and
piopei person to dlsehaige tiie duty instead; and if the pei-
son-> selected as juror.-? do not attend, the court may ouie.r
the mai^hal to Mimmon other rcspcetalfte tax payers, pos-
sessing the other legal qualifications, to supply the defi-
ciency. And it at any time tlicte should not be, bv reason
of challenge or otherwise, a ^uihcient number of juiots to
make up the panel, the court shall order the marshal to
summon as many talesmen a* aie nccessaiy for that pur-
pose.
The eighth section piovides:
That no person shall be competent to act as a juror unless
he he a citizen of the United States, a resident of the Dis-
tilet of Columbia, over twenty-one and under sixty-five
yeais ot age, a irood and lavviul man, who has never been
convicted of a felony or mis-demeanor involving moral tur-
pitude. And a pcr.-on may be excused by the court from
seiviogon a jury when, for any leason, his interests or those
of the public will he uiatenaijy injured by his attendance,
or when he K a paity in am action or piocecding to be tucd
or determined by the jtitei"vention of a jury at the term for
which he may be summoned, oi wheie his own health or
the death or sickness of a member of his faintly requires his
absence.
The ninth section provides:
That if any officer named in the fiist section of this act
shall put on the list he is requned to make the name ofany
pen-on at his own icquest or on the reque-tof any other
pci -on, or shall be guilty of am fraud ot collusion with i e-
spect to the diawing of juiors, lie shall be deemed gmltv
ot a misdemeanor, and shall he pum.-bed by a flue of not
ic-js ihan >=100 and impiisoned in the county jatl not lc«ri
than sixty days, for each and eveiy offen-o. And if the
clerk ot the cncuit eouit shall maw tio-u the box a sieater
number of names than required by the eouit. in acooi d-
anee with the provisions of this act. or shall putinsaid box
any name after the hainehas been delivered to him as. afore-
said, or shail bo guilty ofany fraud oi collusion m icspeet to
the drawing of juror-*, he shall b^ deemed guilty ot a mis-
demeanor, and shall be punished by a fine not less than £100,
and be imprisoned in the county jail not less than sixty days,
tor each and every oftense.
The tenth section provides:
That if any person selected as a juior and duly notified
to attend, according to the requirements of this act, shall,
without sufficient cause, neglect to attend agreeably to such
