1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1TOT
head of the tide-water of California. In addition
to that, there are four hundred miles of branch
roads included in this scheme, making twenty-
four hundred miles of railroad that we are now
asked to build.
Well, sir, every man acquainted with the sta-
tistics of this country, knows that the average cost
of railroads is at least thirty-live thousand dollars
to the mile. In the State of Pennsylvania, which
has three thousand miles of railroads, the cost is
set down in the last estimate at $150,000,000—
$50,000 per mile. How would it be with this
railroad, starting from the western border of Mis-
souri and running1 over the vast desert that lies
between the valley of the "Mississippi and the
Rocky mountains, then scaling the mountains
and lauding the track upon the head-waters of the
Sacramento river? WjII any man say that you
can build such a road with as little expense as you
can construct roads in the thickly-settled East,
where the materials are at hand, and where vil-
lages dot the line of the road; or as cheaply as in
Pennsylvania, to which I have referred ? No man
who knows anything of statistics, no man who
knows anything of the history of railroad build-
ing m this countiy, will for a moment suppose
that this road can bo built for a cost of less than
^60,000 per mile. That is a moderate estimate,
when you find roads in Pennsylvania costing
$100,000 per mile, and the Baltimore and Ohio
road costing—how much? Can any gentleman
tell me, for 1 have not the figures in my mind now ?
I venture to say that it cost over fifty thousand
dollars per mile.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The estimate for this road
is $60,000 per mile.
Mr. PIKE. I was not aware of that. Then
we will not quarrel about these figures.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Go\emment is to aid
only to the extent of a little moie than half the
cost.
Mr. PIKE. Then we have a road calling for
$150,000,000. Tins bill rails for that sum.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Government aid un-
der this bill cannot exceed half the cost of the
road. The other half of the cost is to be met with-
out Government assistance.
Mr. PIKE. I am coming to that point. If the
gentleman had paid attention, he would have
found that I was hard upon it. I ask whcie is
the great interest in this country, or combinations
of interests, that is to furnish (£75,000,000? Can
any gentleman tell nv ? There is no travel from
the Pacific const to tho eastern coast to justify it.
Here are eighteen hundred miles of railroad,
through an uninhabited country; one hundred
passengers to the mile per annum gives one hun-
dred and eighty thousand annually, a very large
estimate of the carriage of passengers fiorn one
end of the road to the othei. But what are one
hundred passengers to the mile annually upon a
load costing $50,000 per mile? Railroad men un-
derstand very well that a road where you cannot
have two thousand passengers to the mile is a
) oad not worth considering as a mercantile enter-
,^-prise.
Now, thc>*c arc two branches to this matter, and
two legs upon which it finds suppoit. One is the
mercantile interest, winch no gentleman who lias
discussed the question heretofore has ever put it
upon. No man sees any money in this toad ex-
cept m the contracts for building it. Tho other
ground is a political one, presenting considera-
tions to which ordinarily my mind would yield
cheerfully; but how is it. now? How does this
country stand now? Why, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means announced to us
the other day that on the 1st day of July, a time
approaching very rapidly, the debt ot this coun-
try will bo ^800,000,000. Sir, I find the mind is
bewildered by these large figures. I have some-
times thought that the membeis ot this House
Aote large sums more readily than small ones.
This$b00,000,000,uy compared with the resources
of this country and with the interest which that
debt carnes—from six to sevejj and thioe tenths
per cent.—is a counterpart, and more than a coun-
terpart, of the British national debt; so that on the
1st of July we shail be carrying a. debt which is
larger, in proportion to our resources—that is, to
our valuation of property, and taking; into consid-
eration the difference in the tates of interest—than
the British national debt is to the property valua-
tion of Great Britain.
Nor is that all. Would that we could stop
there. Would that we could say, " thus far, and
no further.5' But can any gentleman on this floor
tell me that our debt is to be kept down to that
sum, and that so soon the smiles of peace are to
•bless us? Can any gentleman tell me that this
war will not run through another year, and per-
haps another, before it accomplishes, as I believe
it ultimately will, the purpose which we all so
much desire? Yes, Mr. Chairman, whenever we
arrive at that point that we can say " this accu-
mulation of debt is stopped;" when we can figure
it up and say " so much interest annually shall
be assessed on this people," then I will be willing
to consider and to vote on a Pacific railroad. But
now wo arc in a position not dissimilar to that of
a man laboung under an acute disease from which
it is doubtful in the eyes of the bystanders whether
or not he will recover, and in regard to whom the
question is whether you will present him with a
plan of a beautiful dwellingcallingfor alarge out-
jay of money, or whether you will not invest lus
money in medicines to bring him back to health,
so that, by and by, he may be in a condition to
occupy this beautiful abode. For one, 1 go for
the medicine. I am perfectly willing to vote for
the medicine. 1 am willing to vote any sum of
money which shall cure our body politic and
restore it to its accustomed health.
We have now, Air. Chairman, a bill bcfoicus
which, if earned out, will call for an appropria-
tion very nearly equivalent to the assessment of
§1,000,000 on the constituency of every member
of this House. There are one hundred and eighty
members here, including the gentleman from New
Mexico and the Delegates from other Territories,
and as the cost of the road is to be $150,000,000, it
will be ncaily equal to $1,000,000 for each of our
constituencies. If the road is to be built, it is to
be built as a national enterprise and at the national
cost. That cost the chan man of the special coni-
i muteo agrees with me m saying will be §60,000
1 to the mile, for a road of two thousand four hun-
| dred miles.
I I know that nominally the Government is to be
i called upon only for the limited amount specified
! m the bill. But that is only nominal; when we
1 begin to make investments we must go through.
1 There is no corporation or body of men or inter-
est which will furnish any considerable propor-
tion of the outlay. We deceive ourselves if we
think to get any amount worth reckoning out of
private individuals.
And, sir, we do well to bear in mind that for
us pay-day has come. For the first time for forty-
six years, we are about to send the tax-gatherer
among our constituents to get money to pay the
debts \ve have been inclining. It was well enough
to vote money fieely when it could be replaced by
the indirect methods wc have practiced foi nearly
half a century, but now there is no disguise to be
adopted. It is a bold and common-place dun.
Every constituency is to be assessed and called
upon at once.
Under these circumstances, I am in favor of a
postponement of the bill until next winter, when
we can ascertain more cleatly than we now can,
whether or not we should vote this large nppro-
ni lation.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the argument
of the gentleman fiom Maine, [Mr. Pike,] more
thoroughly than that of the gentleman from New
Mexico, [Mr. Watts,] has persuaded me that this
bill ought to be passed-immediately.
Prior to the completion of the Pennsylvania
Central railroad, the traveler through that region
of country used to ascend the Alleghany mount-
' ains by a series of inclined planes. The route
was picturesque, the scenery grand, and distm-
, guished travelers were very often, in violation of
1 the rules of the company, taken to the fiont plat-
1 form of the car that they might enjoy the view of
; the grand natuial panoiama. One such trawler
! was an old marshal of the firsst Bonaparte. As
| the train ascended plane number mx, approaching i
! the summit level, the old soldier manifested his j
interest in the scene by perfect silence; but as the j
car ran on the bioad level and he caught a glimpse ]
ot ltsfields ofgohien wheatand verdant meadows, j
he exclaimed, with the voice of a stentor, "Atten- j
i tion, the univei.se! Nations, a!>out face! Before 1
! me lies the gianary of the woild, the garden of j
i the future." He beheld, in imagination, the gieaf j
i valley of the Mississippi, which embraces the [
West and the great Northwest, which have been
talked about in this Hall to-day#so proudly and
with so much justice.
Mr. Chairman, the great indebtedness and the
great,activity of the country spoken of by the gen-
tleman from Maine are, in my judgment, reasons
why this work, so grand in its proportions and of
such grandeur, in view of the results it is to pro-
duce to the country and the world, should be com-
menced at once. I ask the gentleman whether, if
this bill were to become a law to-morrow, it would
draw one dollar from the public Treasury this
year or'the next? Notone. Thefollowing year
how large an amount would itrequire? One hun-
dred and eighty thousand dollars. And in the
next, scarcely double that sum. And when the
road should be complete,some tenortwelve years
hence, the annual payment which the Government
would be called upon to make would be about five
millions of dollars, nearly three millions of dollars
less than the Departments now pay each year for
transportation. What will be the position of the
Government at the time of the completion of this
road, if begun forthwith? lie who on that day
should hold a position from which he might be
heard, could command the attention of the civilized
world and order its commerce to " about face."
Our country would then occupj^Us just position
and relation to the nations—a position and relation
which it never can assume until this work shall
be completed. Our hills and dales would then
bear the most precious and weighty commerce of
the world. The dream of Columbus, as I said
the other day, would then be realized. Due west
and due east over tho railroad,the merits of which
wc discuss to-day, would move the commerce be-
tween busy Europe and the sluggish East.
Mr. PIKE. The bill requires the issue, to par-
ties who build a section of forty miles, of bonds
to a certain amount. What is to prevent parties
building such sections at whatever points they
choose, without regard to the termini? Will the
gentleman inform us as to that ?
Mr. KELLEY. As the Government aid is, as
I understand the piovisions of the bill, just about
m the proportion of half the cost, I do not sec that
the Government would suffer much even if the
people were thus to amuse themselves; but I do
see that the foity miles thus made would be forty
miles of railroad made in the right direction, and
would be so much work done towards a great end.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to o postpone-
ment of this measure. The work is a great one.
The time is a fitting one. 1 mailt well the activ-
ity of which the gentleman spoke. I note the fact
that we have six hundred thousand men in the
field, in defense of the institutions of the country,
and I feel that he who writes the history of this
peiiod should be able to say, that" so well poised
weie the people, so confident were they m the
resources of their country and the durability of
their institutions, that while t^iey put an army of
such strength into the field and sustained and
appointed it as never army was sustained and
appointed, they still, with a view to the-future of
their country, began the greatest work that evet
a nation undertook—a railroad of two thousand
miles in length, with branches of from four to six
hundied miles,thus extending from ocean to ocean,
over mountain and valley, the influences of a livei
which should carry the commerce of the world,
and which should irrigate and stimulate, with ah
the influences of modern science, the wide space
between the Pacific and the Mississippi, whereby
America was to be and was made the great cen-
tral figure in the civilization of the world, so that
her aits, her language, her institutions, and her
religion, flowed in easy channels with her com-
merce to the people of all nations, and made her
the benefactor, the civilizer, the republicanizer,
and the Christianize!* of the woild."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Chairman, 1 have a
few words to say on this matter of a Pacific rail-
road. The project has been before the country
and befoie Congress for several years. It has
been discussed m all the newspapeis of the land.
It has been incorporated ceitainly into the plat-
form of the Republican party, and I believe into
the platform of the Democratic parry. It has
been pu sented heretofore in both branches of
Congiess by members of the Democratic party.
It is familiar to us all that at the convention of
the Republican party, by which Abraham Lincoln
was nominated for President, a plank was inserted
