1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
into the platform to the effect that a railroad to
the Pacific oceag was fmperatively demanded by
the interests of the whole country.
If a raihoad to the Pacific ocean was impera-
tively demaudrtl by the interests of the whole
country then, I ask whether that railroad is not
impnrativeiy demanded by the interests of the
whole country now? I ask gentlemen upon this
floor what has transpired in this country, what
change has taken place in our interests, that should
render this resolution nugatory?
Mr. PIKE. Let me ask whether the war was
included in the Chicago platform?
Mr. FE8SENDEN. No, sir, it was not; but
I take the ground that the war is an additional
reason, and makes it still more imperative, so far
-as the interests of the country are concerned, that
this railroad should be constructed. Why, sir,
we hear time a,nd again upon the floor of this
House that there is mimirtent danger that a war
with foreign nations may be involved in the issues
of this civil war, and the question arises what, in
such an emergency, is to become of the Pacific
States? If we arc to have a war with other na-
tions, and we are in the same condition as regards
the communication with the Pacific coast that we
are to-day, I repeat, what are wc to do? I hold,
sir, that the military necessities of the country
afford an additional reason for the speedy con-
struction.of this road to those which operated upon
us when we met as a party in convention atChi-
cago and adopted our platform, upon which, as
the Republican party, we intend to stand.
Now, I do not believe it will do for us as a
party—if I may mention party in this connection
—to ignore tins plank in our platform. I do not
believe it will do for us to deceive the people in
this respect. We were in earnest, we meant what
we said when we declared that the best interests
of the country required the construction of this
road. And now the people of the country ask us
to come forward and redeem our pledge thus sol-
emnly made. They say to us to-day, " give us a
bill, give us a chance to act;" and when the gen-
tleman asks where is the money to build the road
with, it is sufficient to reply that the people have
impliedly said that they will furnish the money by
asking for the authority to build the road. They
propose to furnish the money if Congress will fur-
nish them the authority to expend it in the con-
struction of the road.
Let us pass this bill,and the responsibility will
rest with the people. It will have been removed
from our shoulders to those of the people. If
they cannot construct the road, if they have not
the money, ot if they decide that this is not the
time to construetthoroad, they cannot turn round
and say to Congress, (t the responsibility is upon
yon."
I believe with the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, and with every gentleman upon this floor,
that this is a work for a nation to accomplish. 1
believe that when constructed, if it ever be con-
structed, it. will be a chain running through every
Staie, binding them all together, every"link of
which is welded by a common interest atfd a com-
mon destiny. i believe it will be taking a great
step towauls a point at which we are sonio day
to arrive, when American minds, American sys-
tems, and American influence will control through-
out the woiid; towaids the point which wc hope
one day to reach, when our ideas will prevail in
the nations of Europe, Asia, and Africa.
But, sir, I am not in favor of the substitute
which has he< n introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania as the Pacific railroad bill which
ihis House should pass. I think the objections
<o that bill iia\c been well stated by the honorable
gentleman from Illinois, [Air. Lovujoy.] I am
rather in favor of the substitute proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois, and I rise more paiticu-
larly to say that if gentlemen on the floor of the
House will examine the two bills, and compare
them with each other, they will find that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois is far preferable to that proposed by the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania.
Let nic say m rcfeteuce to the substitute intro-
duced by the gentleman fiom Illinois, that it is
based upon a company chartered by the Stctle of
Maine, and I can say of the gentlemen mentioned
in the bill as composing the company, that they
are among the most i espectable men in our State.
They ate men who do not enter upon any project
without giving it due consideration. They arc
men, in short, who arc capable, and may be relied
on to carry through any project which they un-
dertake. I believe the substitute of the gentleman
from Illinois is in reality, is in fact, the project
for which the people ask, and which they will
sustain,if we willgive them the opportunity; and
that a road built under it would emphatically be
the people's railroad.
Now, sir, I disagree with my colleague [Mr.
Pike] as to the propriety of postponing the con-
sideration of this bill until December next. 1 be-
lieve that it will not do to postpone it; that the
people will not be satisfied with its postponement.
I believe it is better to give them what they ask
now, and then we shall see whether they will be
true to their contract on their part—whether they
will carry out the provisions of this bill. Give
them the chance, and not, in consequence of friv-
olous objections, or of any objections, withhold
from them what they ask—an opportunity to
show that they are in earnest. I shall vote for
the substitute of the gentleman from Illinois, and
not for that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I will finish my re*
maiks by desiring that the following extract from
a paper which I hold in my hand as expressive of
views in which I concur, relating to the substitute
of the gentleman from Illinois, maybe read:
The Clerk read, as follows:
" From the foregoing synopsis, it is apparent that tins is
the simplest, plainest, and most piaetical bill yet presented
for th« consideration of Congress, in connection with tills
groat national object. It is simply a contract between one
company arid the Government tor the construction of this
road and telegraph, every feature of winch looks stiaight
foiward to the substantial, sure, and early completion of
the work, with very reasonable assistance from the United
States. .
" There are no speculative features about it, no mystery,
no confusion, no difficulty. The company will he .«u->tairied
by the people of the United States, for it is eminently £ the
people's road.' They will subscribe to its stock, will pay
their subscuptions, and thoi-e .-ubseripiionsjtlie Government
bond-*, and the lands, will be u^ed to build the road. It will
be completed as speedily as possible, not less than at the
minimum rate fixed by the bill, but probably much tastei.
By these means the Atlantic and Pacific sections of our
countt y will be brought within a few days of each other,
and will be bound toother with bauds ot non, and of mu-
tual feelings, interest, and commerce that will make us
eminently one people It the amount appiopiiated should
bo in excess of that actually icijuircd, the bonds will not
be u-cd, but ictutned. The land- will be settled a  they
ai<  sold, and the pioeeed-- faithfully applied to this gicut
work. Jlonds and lands will be passed over to the com-
pany only as the woik piogtc«-,es, and hence then* can be
no posMbihty c t*It>—  oi misapplication. It the amount ap-
piopri.ifed N not ^ufiicicnf, the eompanv will rai-o the bal
anee, and promptly and ethciently complete the woik; or
the Government will have its icmedy in its own hamU by
foiecloMng on liie company and taking all iu> propcity."'
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Maine whether the plat-
form of which he speaks contains this resolution:
" Ilesolrcd, That the maintenance inviolate of the lights
of the States, and especially of the right of each State to
oider and control its own domestic institutions according
to its own judgment exclusively, is essential to that halaucc
of powers on which tiie perfection and endurance of our
political fabric depends."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does; and I will inform
the gentleman that the same platform also con-
tains this resolution:
"That a railroad to the Pacific ocean is imperatively de-
manded by the interc>H ol the whole eountty."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then, in
God's name, if you keep the one keep the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am delighted
to hear these plaudits, these magnificent descrip-
tions of the business, th6 commercial interests of
our country, and its future prospects. But we. as
legislators, must look at tins question in a plain
and practical view, and step down from the lofty
heights of the imagination.
Now,-in regard to the platform of the Repub-
lican party, alluded to by the gentleman from
Maine, I will say that 1 recognize the plank there
inserted. But the times have changed, and when the
question is whether I shall knock out my brains
agairista plank, or take the plank out of the way,
I prefer to sacrifice the plank before I will sacri-
fice my biains; I will sacrifice the plank before I
wdl peril the existence of the country.
Mr. FESSEiNDEN. I do not propose that the
gentleman shall do that. I think by passing this
bill is the way to keep the brains in the Repub-
lican party.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A postponement
is no infringement of any platform whatever. As
practical legislators we are not only to do the right
thing, but we are to do it at the right time. Now, I
contend that this is no time for carrying into oper-
ation such a measure as this. While I am free to
acknowledge the great importance of a railroad to'
the Pacific, and am willingthat at the proper time
the Government shall undertake it, I am not will-
ing that it shall undertake it now. lam not to
be deceived by any promises that this road is to
be built and run by any party but the United
States. Every dollar that it takes to construct the
road is to be contributed by the United States.
There is not a capitalist who will invest a dollar
in it if he is to be responsible for its construction
for any considerable, distance. All that you will
gain by the passage of this bill will be the build-
ing of two or three stnps of road at each end.
The capitalists who will avail themselves of the
privileges granted by this bill will doit forthe pur-
pose of seizing the land at either end, but the gap
that will remain before any through connection
can be made will remain unfilled so far as they are
concerned. It is not to be constructed in that way,
and if it were to be constructed m that way it could
not be kept in operation except at the expense of
the Government. Gentlemen talk about the mag-
nitude of our commerce, as if such a road would
be likely to attract it. I would like to ask any
man what kind of products, what kind of mer-
chandise, would be carried over that length of
road? There is nothing but opium or silks that
could be transported over such a distance of road
that would pay the expense of freight, if sold for
that purpose alone. Itcannot be done. It is only
the roads that are supported by local business that
can be sustained.
If this road were built to-day, therefore, and
given to the United States, the United States are
not in a condition to accept it, even as a gift, and
be compelled to run it; nor will they be until the
population has so far increased as to give the road
some local freight and some local business. As a
commercial or economical question, such a:road
is utterly defenseless; but as a national question
it has great merits, which in due time will be
recognized.
Now, there arc other questions in relation to
which we are called upon to legislate, and which
I would be in favor of at the proper time, if we
weie at peace, and not subject to the necessity of
husbanding our resources, I would now be in
favor of commencing this magnificent work of a
Pacific railroad. Take, for instance, the national
foundery. Take tin: ship canal from Lake Michi-
gan to the Mississippi. Take the ship canal
around the American side of the fails of Niagara.
Take the ship canal from the Hudson river to
Lake Ciiamplain. They are all works fit for a
great people, and I am in favor of all those meas-
ures, but not now. Let us wait to see whether
we can get through with the job we have now in
hand. We are putting the resouices of our peo-
ple to the utmost strain in order to sustain the
Government in this most important crisis. I think
thatour people have common sense, and that they
will not repudiate a Republican for holding a cer-
tain plank in abeyance until the country is better
able to assume the important obligations which we
will assume if we undertake to build tilts rood at
this time. I trust., therefore, that, as the gentle-
man from Maine has suggested, the bill will be
postponed until the next session of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I
have listened,and I confess with some surprise, to
the remarks which have just fallen from the gen-
tleman froiji Vermont, Hp seems to think that
this Government is in the last stages of dissolu-
tion; that we are now at the utmost strain of our
resources; that we are incapable of anything ex-
cept to maintain the contest which is going on
with the seceded States. He asks that party plat-
forms and everything else may be set aside, m
order to deal with this rebellion. The gentleman
has had his attention directed to one or two mat-
ters during thisCongress. In providing the ways
and means, he has been considerably perplexed.
And another favorite hobby of his has hern to
protect the domestic industry or the manufactures
of the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have been
mainly perplexed by a matter which the gentle-
man from Missouri himself referred to me.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. What is that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Un wrought clay.
[Laughter.]
