2668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
notice, he shall be fined by the court in a sum not exceed-
ing twenty dollar's Tor every day he shall be absent during
liip sitting of said court.
.The eleventh section provides:
That iUo names on the lists specified in the second sec-
tion of tfris act shall be selected, a* near as may be, from
among the citizens of the several wards of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown and the three divisions of the
county of Washington outside the limits of said cities
formed by the Eastern Branch of the Potomac river and
Rock creek in proportion to the number of taxable inhab-
itants residing in said wards and distiicts, respectively.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved ttfat
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYMENT OF CONVICTS.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate joint resolution No. 86, regu-
lating the employment of the convicts in the pen-
itentiary of the District of Columbia for their
improvement and benefit, with an amendment, to
strike out the third section.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
one word in relation to the amendment proposed
by the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The original bill, as it was introduced in the Sen-
ate, contained but two sections, the first and sec-
ond sections. A third section was then added,
relating to an entirely different subject, and in no
way germane to the other sections. It was added
owing to the necessity which some members of
the Senate conceived existed for immediate action
on the particular matter to which it related.
The reasons for this bill arc very simple, and
without this third section I do not believe there
will be the slightest objection to its passage. Let
me state the facts: the convicts confincd in the
penitentiary of the District of Columbia, it is
well known, are employed in various kinds of
labor; and it is equally well known that the wants
of our military service require a vast supply of
shoes and articles of a kindred description. The
whole force of the penitentiary convjcts were
turned at once on that branch of manufacture by
general consent of the officers not only of the in-
stitution, but of the Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of the Navy. They have been engaged in
that manufacture until $9,000 worth of shoes has
accumulated on the hands of the warden of the
penitentiary. Yet there is no authority in law
either for the manufacture of that specific article,
or for an appropriation after the article is manu-
factured. Tins law simply authorizes the warden
of the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, so
far as may be practicable, to employ the convicts
theicin in the manufacture of shoes for the use of
the Army and Navy, to be made as the War and
Navy Departments shall direct; ordeis for which
shall be by the Departments given to the warden
from time to time, upon his request; the shoes to
be paid for by the Departments ordering them, at
the customary rate for shoes of like quality. It
provides for the manufacture of these shoes to
supply the Government demand, and then it fur-
ther provides that all prisoners confined in the
penitentiary for a term of years, who conduct
themselves so that no chargeformisconductshull
be sustained against them, shall have a deduction
of one month in each year made from the term of
their sentence, and shall be entitled to their dis-
charge so much the sooner, upon the certificate of
the warden of their good conduct, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior. So far, I
think, the resolution will commend itsolfto every
member of the House; and unless it does pass,
the Quartermaster General will not feel himself
at liberty to supply himself from this source. The
passage of this resolution will not only relieve
him from any scruple in taking the shoes manu-
factured in the penitentiary, but it will make it
obligatory on him to supply himself from that
source to the extent of its ability.
I his was the specific object of the resolution,
but then comes in a section on an entirely dif-
ferent subject. There is an additional section
added which does not at all relate to convict labar,
but which, on the contrary, proposes at once to
revise all the sentences of courts-martial which
have been made in the several departments of our
service. It not only proposes to revise those de-
cisions and to cancel the sentences, but it proposes
also to makeageneral jail delivery of some ninety
convicts who have been incarcerated in the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia, under various
orders upon judgment of courts-martial at various
points throughout the United States. This is the
section which the Committee for the District of
Columbia recommend shall be stricken out. Now,
however wise it may be at some future time to re-
vise the decisions ofcourts-martial, and to consider
whether they are founded as well in justice as in
law, it did not seem wise to the Committee for the
District of Columbia to embarrass the adoption of
this joint resolution by the insertion of such a
provision. This resolution was framed originally
for a special and an entirely different purpose. I
hope that the recommendation of the committee will
be concurred in, and that the third section will be
stricken out of the resolution. The revision of
those decisions, when the question is considered,
ought to bo provided for in a separate proposition.
When that proposition comes before the House,
I am not prepared to say that all those decisions
of the courts-martial ought to be canceled. I think
that we ought not hastily to overrule thedecisions
of these courts-martial. They have acted advis-
edly. They have acted, 1 understand, under the
authority and opinion of the Attorney General.
They believe that their decisions are legal and
binding. They believe that the sentences which
they have passed are as binding as the sentence
passed by any civil court under civil authority.
But, however that may be, this is not the time to
revise or to cancel those sentences. In that con-
viction the Committee for the District of Columbia
merely propose to the House that the third section
shall be stricken out, and that this question shall
be postponed until another time, when it shall be
brought up in a separate proposition. We do not
believe that it ought to be permitted to embarrass
the other provisions of. this resolution, which
ought to be passed immediately.
Mr. WICKL1FFE, I would like to know
from the gentleman from Massachusetts the ex-
tent of the power of courts-martial to imprison
those upon whom it passes sentence.
Mr. DELANO. 1 have examined the prece-
dents, and if the House desires to act on the ques-
tion now, instead of postponingit to a future time,
I am prepared to fui nishall the in formation which,
with much trouble, I have been enabled to gather.
I know that the section will give rise to discussion
and difference of opinion, and I therefoie hope
that it will not now be considered.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts seen the decision of the Supreme
Court of ihe United States in the case of J. D.
Hoover, Esq., the marshal of this District, in
which that tribunal decides that courts-martial
have the right to pass sentence and to punish?
Mr. DELANO. Not only that, but there is
other authority. The Attorney General, I under-
stand, has given it as his opinion that the judg-
ments of courts-martial are legal judgments, and
must be carried out. I do not propose, however,
to have that question considered now, and I there-
fore demand the previous question.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask my colleague to withdraw
the previous question in order that I may submit
an amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion for that purpose.
Mr TRAIN. I move to insert the following
in place of the third section, which it is proposed
to strike out:
Th.it the place of clcrk of said penitentiary is hereby
abolished.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I deem it my
duty to say a few words against the recommend-
ation of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, to strike out the section which discharges from
the penitentiary of this District the soldiers who
are there incarcerated under orders or decisions
of courts-martial. There is more m the proposi-
tion than the gentleman from Massachusetts would
seem willing to concede. The section in the Sen-
ate resolution is a just and a righteous one. I am
not willing for one that the brave soldiers of this
Republic shall be confined in a penitentiary upon
mere trivial charges. I am not willing that they
shall undergo the same punishment as that which
we inflict upon the worst criminals. Why, sir,
there are persons now imprisoned in that peniten-
tiary on the simple charge of having used disre-
spectful language towards their superior officers—
superior only because of the accidental relations
which have grown up in the organization of our
vast armies, and not because they are better men.
There are men imprisoned there who, for intelli-
gence and character,are the superiorsofthose who
bannen to have held rank over them, [tisunder-
stoefc throughout the country that to be incar-
cerated within the walls of a penitentiary is a stain
upon the good name of any citizen; and I am not
willing to sit quietly in my seat in this House,
and to permit those bravo men who have rushed
to the defense of the country in its hour of peril,
on trivial charges to be imprisoned in the peni-
tentiary of this District, and their character for life
blasted, like common felons. It is a crying out-
rage, which 1 hope will at once be done away with.
The gentleman informs the House, as an ex-
cuse for striking out this section of the resolu-
tion, thus leaving those soldiers confined and dis-
graced in the District prison,.that the lasv allows
the incarceration of soldiers and inferior officers
by court-martial. I do not indorse the position
as a current one; but if such is the law the argu-
ment is increased in favor of retaining the third
section of the bill as inserted by the Senate. If
such is the law, it should at once and unhesita-
tingly be repealed, and the victims to its injustice
released. If a soldier is guilty of high crimes
against the civil law, let him be handed over to
the civil authorities, and tried where he is entitled
to a jury of his poers, and to be confronted with
the witnesses against him.
If amenable to the military laws, try him by
such law, and punish him under and by it. I
condemn the act of those officers, who in the ex-
ercise of the brief authority accidentally, and often
improperly reposed in them, confine m a loath-
some prison, and thus cover with disgrace, those
patriotic men who come from their homes to fight
in supportof the Government, and who are now,
as ever, ready to go forth to battle for a country
which they have not disgraced, and which we
should see to it docs not disgrace them.
And when tb6 gentleman speaks of embarrass-
ing this bill by keeping this provision in it, I
think he will find the hill embarrassed if he takes
the provision out. If he does take it out, I shall
vote against the bill. I speak only for myself.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say a single
word, and will not detain the House long. I con-
cur somewhat in the sentiment expressed by the
gentleman from Indiana. I do not, however, con-
cur in one of his statements, for I will vote for the
bill though you do strike outthe section to which
reference is made. I think, if it is true as stated
here, that soldiers are incarcerated in the peniten-
tiary, the subject needs legislation; but it needs
such legislation as we cannot give here upon a
mere amendment. I concur in the feeling of in-
dignation expressed by the gentleman from Indi-
ana. I would be unwilling to enter the lines of
the battle-field with that man who had been de-
graded by being sent as a felon to the penitentiary,
I think there ought to be an abhorrence among all
men who are fighting the battles and maintaining
the causc of the Government and the flag of then-
country of fighting side by side with felons, if it is
true that the courts have decided that a court-mar-
tial may, by its finding, send our soldieis to the
penitentiary and from the penitentiary to the bat-
tle-field, the matter does stand in need of legisla-
tion, but not here and m this manner. I would cut
off the practice entirely, so as to leave no chance
hereafter for any soldier being incarcerated in ihe
penitentiary, unless upon indictment and trial m
the civil tribunals of the land.
Mr. TRAIN. In reference to the amendment
I have offered, I only desire to say that I have
examined this matter of the Government peniten-
tiary with very great care. There is an officer es-
tablished by law, at a salary of $1,200 per annum,
known as the clcrk of the penitentiary. His du-
ties are performed in a time which, perhaps, would
average half an hour a day; never over two hours,
seldom more than one. The waiden agiees that
the work'can be done just as well by himself and
under wardens, as by this independent officer, and
thus save the Government §1,200.
It is true the warden would like an additional
$600 a year placed in his hands, so that he could
hire help occasionally when desirable to do so, m
the place of the $1,200 to pay this permanent clerk.
But I think the warden, Mr. King, with his under
officers, has time enough to perform all these du*
