1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2669
ties, arid as there is a saving thereby, I move the
amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I am willing to accept the
amendment, if it is in my power to do so.
1 wish to say a word in reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.] The
House will bear in mind precisely what is pro-
posed to be done by this third section—to dis-
charge some ninety convicts who are now impris-
oned under sentence by court-martial. It is far
from being true that there is any inability to ob-
tain a discharge, or that convicts are confined
tliere under an unjust sentence; for the members
of the House will bear in mind that, from the very
hour tiiey are sentenced and sent to the peniten-
tiary, they become, like every other convict sen-
tenced to the penitentiary, subjects of pardon by
the pardoning power. So you see how little dan-
ger there is of that class, in whose favor the clem-
ency of the House is invoked, suffering for any
length of time unjustly. In my judgment, it is
safe to leave the incarceration of these fifty or a
hundred convicts, more or loss, who are sent there
by military tubunals, pivrisely where the matter
is left by law—that is, with the President of the
United States, who is the Commander-in-Chief;
who pardons when there is occasion for pardon,
and upon a reexamination of offenses to which
his attention will be called if there is any occa-
sion for it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. For what
class of offenses have the soldiers who are in the
penitentiary been sentenced?
Mr. DELANO. I understand it has not only
been decided in the case to which allusion was
made by the gentleman from Kentucky, but I
know, as a matter of fact, that the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States has given it as his opinion
that it is within the legitimate jurisdiction of a
court-martial, to sentence ail persons in the ser-
vice, volunteers as well as regulars, who are be-
neath the grade of commissioned officers, to our
Government penitentiary.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then I
think it is time we cured that by legislation.
Mr. DELANO. If the gentleman will give me
liis attention a moment, I will tell him that the
evil has already cured itself; and that is another
reason why I think this section should not be al-
lowed to embarrass this bill. Already the War
Department, and the officers of the War Depart-
ment, are satisfied there is no authority to im-
prison commissioned officers in I he penitentiary;
and the matter is now under consideration by the
President as well as by the War Department, as
to what disposition shall be made of the officers
who have been wrongly imprisoned. I trust the
gentleman will not betray any such want of con-
fidence in the President and his judicial advisers,
or the War Department, as will lead him to doubt
or hesitate in believing that these wrongs will be
righted, and that speedily, without incorporating
any such provision into this bill.
Mr. TIIOMAS, of Massachusetts. I beg leave
to state upon that point, that as a member of this
House, I never trust the discretion to do wrong
with any officer whatever of the Government, if
I can help it. I never put such a matter upon the
ground of personal character. The question is,
whether the matter is right in itself and whether
the law is right. There may be a good man to-
day to administer the law, and a bad man to-mor-
row. God only knows how that may be.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask my colleague if
ne thinks it will wipe out the disgrace to the vol-
unteer soldier who has been sentenced to the pen-
itentiary to receive a pardon from the President
of the United States?
Mr. DELANO. Not at all. It will not be a
pardon if the soldier has been sent there wrong-
fully. U will be a discharge.
Mr. DAWES. If a soldier is sentenced accord-
ing to law, has the President any authoiity to
discharge him in any other way than bv granting
him a pardon?
Mr. DELANO. I take it there is abundant ,
authoi ity in the War Department, and m the Pres- j
ident, who is the Commander-in-Chief, to dis- j
charge any person from the penitentiary. j
Mr. DAWES. 1 have not read the law, but I
understand my colleague has ascertained that a
soldier, for any trivial offense rising to the dig-
nity of notice by a court-martial, sueh as present-
ing to his commanding officer a petition which
is offensive to him, may be sentenced to the pen-
itentiary in the District of Columbia for the space
of three years, and, just like a convict, be put to
hard labor during that time; and that this can be
done according to law. And his only consola-
tion, and the only consolation of his friends, who
suppose he is fighting the battles of his country,
while he is in the chain gang in the penitentiary
here in this city, is that he may run his chance
of being pardoned for his offense by the Execu-
tive. Now, I agree with my colleague, that it
would be better to have this legislation in a sepa-
rate bill, for it would be more marked and distinct;
but it is here; it has passed the other body; and
I trust that every member will hold on to it just
where it is; and then we will make the law as it
should be, and repeal the law, if any such there
is, that a volunteer in the service of the country
may be tried without judge or jury, and without
permission to confront the witnessesagainsthim,
and be incarcerated in the penitentiary. I agree
with my colleague, that it would have been better
to have put this provision in a separate bill and
passed it; but I will not stand upon the order of
doing things which justice and every other con-
sideration which is due to the volunteer service of
the country calls upon us to do.
Mr. DELANO. I had supposed that it was the
peculiarity of my colleague's mind to stand upon
the order of doing things, when by some sweep-
ing proposition he is likely to do absolute injus-
tice.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague allow me?
Mr. DELANO. As soon as I get through. Is
my colleague aware what he is proposing to do
by retaining this third section? If he has not read
it, I will say to him that, it not only proposes to
release or discharge from the penitentiary perhaps
a few offenders of the minor grade, of the classes
which he has specified, but that it also proposes
to discharge from the penitentiary the greatest
offenders that are there confined, men who are
homicides, men who would have been convicted
before any jury and sentenced for life. I ask if
my colleague is content that there shall be em-
braced in this bill, to which it is not at all ger-
mane, a provision of that sweeping character?
Mr. DAWES. I have taken a little pains to
examine into the character of the offenses for
which some ninety soldiers are now incarcerated
in the penitentiary of this District; and while
there are some there for grievous offenses, for
which they ought to have been tried by juries
and sentenced according to law—and no man,
not even a homicide, should be tried for infamous
offenses except by a jury of his peets—while
there may be a few men there of that class, there
are twenty, thirty, forty, or more, who are m
that penitentiary merely because they did not un-
derstand what was polite to a man who had more
bars upon his shoulders than they happened to
have. I know one man incarcerated there be-
cause he happened to say a naughty word to an
officer who happened to be of a higher guide
than he was, and he has been sentenced to the
penitentiary for thiee years for that offense. I
know that all these men are now willing to reen-
hst in the service under the command of the
deputy warden of the prison, and march any-
where where the President will order them to go,
and face the cannon's mouth. They would rather
do that than go to their homes with the infamy
resting upon them of having been in the peniten-
tiary. I know a man there, a clergyman, who
enlisted with his own son, and marched side by
aide with his son to Yorktown, and there, for
some trivial offense, was tried by a little, petty,
conternptiblecourt-martial,and sentenced to serve
three years in the District jail! Sir, it is infamous.
It is time that this Congress spoke out upon the
subject. If any such Saw as this exists, 1 thank
God for the opportunity to record my vote here
in favor of its repeal, and declaring that it shall
be the law no longer.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
am a little astonished at the lemarks of the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts, who has just taken his
scat, [Mr. Daives.] tie seems to think that the
Army of the United States is governed by the will
of one man or of a few men. We have rules for
thegovernment of the Army of the United States,
which prescribe the offenses for which men may
be tried as specifically as our criminal code pre-
scribes the offenses for which a man may be tried
by a jury of his countrymen. The Constitution
authoi ized Congress to prescribe ruletf for the
government of the land and naval forces; and
Congress, in pursuance of that authority, has
prescribed rules and articles of war. The gen-
tleman, however, finds fault because volunteers
have been sentenced by the proceedings of courts-
martial to confinement in the penitentiary of this
District. I do not say now whether those sen*
tences were proper or inappropriate; but I say
that the courts had jurisdiction of the cases, and
had the right to inflict this punishment.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman misunderstood
me if he supposed that I doubted it. It is because
my learned colleague h'as examined the subject
and told me that he finds this to be the law that
I propose to vote that it shall no longer be the law.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. When the militia
enter the service—and by that term I mean all
those who are not in the regular Army but who
are organized in pursuance of laws of the States
in which they are raised—they are subject to the
rules and articles of war, and every officer and sol-
dier swears to support and maintain the Govern-
ment of the United States, and to yield obedience
to the rules and articles of war. A court-martial
for the trial of a militia man is not composed of
officers of the regular Army. If any of our vol-
unteershave been punished wrongfully,they have
been punished by officers in the volunteer service.
Cast your censure upon them, and not upon the
lules of the Army or the officers in the regular
service. The very language which the gentleman
has made use of, although not so intended, will
have a tendency to create insubordination and
disrespect in the Army of the United States.
Mr. KELLOGG,of Michigan. I would like to
inquire of the gentleman from Missouri if he be-
lieves that the officers of our volunteer force, as a
general rule, are competent to try men for the
commission of offenses and sentence them to the
penitentiary for a term of years?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The authorities
of the States in commissioning those officers have
said that they are competent to discharge their
duties—not only their duties in active service in
the field, but all their other duties, and among
their duties is that of serving on courts-martial.
If we have sent men at the head of regiments or
companies who are unfit for their places, in God's
name displace them, and substitute others in their
places.
Mr. DELANO. Upon this point, I wish to say
that I am not speaking to-day without consulta-
tion with officers high m the War Department. I
am told by -those officers that there has been no
sentence upon a volunteer except upon trial by a
court-martial of his peers, who are volunteers.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have here the
article of war on the subject, and I will read it:
" Art. 97. The officers and soldiers of any troops, whether
militia or others, being mustered and in the p<n of the United
States, shall at all lanes, and in all places, when joined or
aeting m eoiijunetion with the regularforee* of the United
States, be governed by the lules and articled of w.ir, and
.shall be suhjeetm br tt led by courts-martial in like manner
with officer and t-oJdiers in 1 he regular forced, save only
that such couns-uiartial shall be composed entirely of
militia officcis."
So that no officer of the regular service can serve
on the trial of a volunteer soldier. He must be
tried by a court-martial composed of officers of
volunteers, and of them alone. Whether courts-
martial have imposed too severe punishment in
any of the cases to which the gentleman has re-
ferred, I am not prepared to say. I have not the
proceedings of those courts-martial before me, nor
have I had any opportunity of examining them.
It is probable, and I am willing for the sake of
argument to concede, that they may have imposed
too severe punishment upon the offenders for the
offenses of which they have been found guilty.
Butif gentlemen believe that an army can be gov-
erned unless discipline be cnfoiced, they are \ ery
much mistaken. If soldiers are permitted to go
about marauding and stealing and plundering the
citizens of the country through which the Army
passes without punishment, m what condition
will the Army be? The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says, " try them by jury." Where is
your jury to come from? The laws of the Uni-
ted States prescribe that the tual shall be had in
the district in which the offense is committed, if
the offense charged is an offense by the laws of
the United States. Suppose an offense is com-
