1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 turned over to the
gentleman some letters I had received from my
constituents on thatsubject,and they seem to have
troubled him much more than they have me.
The gentleman thinks that this country cannot
add anything to the great debt with which \X is
burdened by this rebellion. At the same time he
does not forget that great measure called the Mor-
rill tariff. 1 have observed when any motion has
been made in this House to mitigate the severities
oft hat tariff, and which would mure to the revenue,
that gentleman has been found ready to*maintain
his tariff at the expense of the Government. Al-
though tiie rebellion might overslaugh us, he
would hold on to his tariff.
Now, sir, I am not beset by the same fears with
the gentleman from Vermont. I do not consider
that this rebellion is more than a mouthful for
us. [Laughter.] We have not felt any of the
seventies which the gentleman has imagined.
The country has been to a certain extent pros-
perous.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That ss in con-
sequence of the Morrill tariff. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; notwith-
standing the Morrill tariff. [Renewed laughter.]
Except for the burden of the -Morrill tariff we
would have got along very well. Why, sir, the
eastern and sea-board portions of the Union have
made money out of this rebellion. The great se-
verities of this war have fallen upon the people of
the West. The natural avenues of their com-
merce to the ocean have been closed by this war,
and while they have been closed the East and the
sea-board have enjoyed profits which they never
enjoyed during times of peace.
it seems to me whenever any measure is pro-
posed in this House for the benefit of the West,
that we find these gentlemen demurring to it on
account of the times. The freight of railroads
has been going up constantly since this war com-
menced. Before the war began the railroads would
take a barrel of flour from the "West for half a
dollar, whereas they now chaige $2 50. Yes, sir;
it now costs $2 50 to get a barrel of flour to the
East from the Mississippi river. The East has
taken the entire profit of the labor of the West.
Yet the West has come forward to supply her
products in place of the cotton which heretofore
Siived the balance of trade from being against us.
We have relieved the Government in that and'
every other way. But the West has gained noth-
ing by it. The cntiie profit has gone in the freight
chatges to the Ease.
The gentleman is opposed to every measure by
which the West might find relief. He is opposed
to the ship canal with Lake Michigan—the Michi-
gan and Illinois canal.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am for it, and
for this bill, but not at this tune.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I presume that the
gentleman will catry out what he consideis wis-
dom by a direct \ote on this bill.
We are, as has been remarked by other gentle-
men, engaged in a war out of which will grow
other wars, and we will have to be prepared for
them. We cannot postpone this if we intend to
have a connection between the East and the West,
between the Atlantic and Pacific sea-board, which
will be able to preserve our possessions upon the
latter. Looking to what it has done and what it
has suffered, the West has a right to appeal to the
national Legislature. 1 have spoken of its losses,
I have spoken of its sufferings, I have spoken of
its trade destroyed. Yet, while the West has suf-
fered, the East has enjoyed almost exemption.
Your victories have been m the West. The sol-
diers of the West have given their due proportion
of the victories in this war. They have poured
out their blood upon almost evtiy battle-field.
Yet that people have been discriminated against
since this war commenced. 1 do not see the rea-
son why a people who have sufleied so much upon
the battle-field and in the destruction of their trade
should have this new burden imposed upon them.
One of the Depaitments of the Government has
interposed to prevent the men of that section who
have done much for the Government from receiv-
ing their pay. Even the laboring man is kept out
of the money which he has fairly earned. All j
these men, after having their claims postponed ,
for months, have at last to accept certificates ot \
indebtedness—pay, 111 fact, only in part—while j
the men from the East who have worked for the |
Government have been paid in full. The eastern
railroads were paid up to December last for the
work that they did for the Government, and at full
prices. The only railroads discriminated against
were those of the West. They were allowed only
half price, and six months after the service was
rendered they are paid in certificates which are
below par. There has been a discrimination
against everything that was western, and we are
now asked by the gentleman from Vermont to
have this measure postponed, upon the specious
pretext that all the millions of the country must
be lavished upon this war.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would ask the gentleman
if eastern creditors have not taken these same cer-
tificates during the same time that they were paid
to western railroads?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. No, sir; the gen-
tleman is totally mistaken.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understood that to be the
fact.
Mr. BLAIB, of Missouri. Eastern creditors
weie paid as long as there was anything in the
Treasury to pay them with, but western creditors
were postponed by the interposition of this com-
mission to examine into western claims. The
commission was interposed because there were
charges of great frauds against certain parties; and
men against whom no such allegations were made
by anybody—the day laborers Who erected the
forts, teamsters, and people of that class, who had
done work for the Government—were also required
to go before that commission, and their claims
were thus postponed for six months. Meanwhile
the eastern creditois were all getting their money,
although there was just as much allegation of fraud
against them as against western men. Why was
not a commission started for them?
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman that these very certificates of indebtedness
were recommended to this House and first issued
for the purpose of being applied to the payment
of eastern debts.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. After the eastern
creditors had taken all the money that was to be
got, they were willing to take the certificates, but
they did not share with us as long as the money
lasted.
1 say that this claims commission was inter-
posed, and that all claims were compelled to go
beforeit, whethei there was any allegation of fraud
or not, while there were claims paid at the East
against which there was just as much allegation
ot fraud as against ours. There were allegations
of fraud by committees of this House against the
East just as much as against the West, and there
was just as much fraud committed at the East as
at the West, and just as much proved. There
was no dil&ience in that respect; and yet wealone
were subjected to the interposition of a commis-
sion, and of an examination. Nobody would have
complained if only those men who were accused
of fraud had been sent before the commission.
No objection would have been heard from the
West if only those men had been sent before it;
but when the commission was organized and met,
all claims against the Government originating be-
fore a certain date were sent before it, and were
all delayed for six months, and then the parties
had to take the amounts due them in certificates
below pai, when you have money in your Treas-
ury, and ate paying it out every day. Why, sir,
theie at e absolutely gentlemen from the West who
advanced to the Government gold, or what was
equal to gold, and who are obliged now, after the
lapse of six months, to come here and take cer-
tmcates of indebtedness. 1 say we of the West
have been tieated like step-eliifdren by the Gov-
ernment, and we shall always be'treated in that
way, and postponed. And now the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] holding the high
position that he does in this blouse, admitting that
this is a measure of great importance, that ought
to be favorably considered, says that it must be
postponed under the circumstances, alleging that
the Government is in its death throes, when it is
really victorious, and victorious, we might claim,
if we were disposed to do so, as much by the
efforts of western men as of any other people. I
will not say more. I will not discriminate against
the men ot the East, even though the We&t has
been discurninaled against. I will not say more;
but 1 do say that, the West has done its duty m
this matter, and has given this Government the
amplest support on thefield, and everywhere else,
and it becomes the Representatives of the people
not to treat us as step-children any longer.
I had supposed, sir, from what hau occurred
here heretofore, during my experience in thw
House, that the opposition to the Pacific railroad
bill came from a certain side of the House that
was obnoxious to the East as well as to the West,
1 have sat here and seen southern men and dis-:
unionists resist, and year after year defeat this
measure, and the North and East professed all
the time to be ardently in its favor, and I had not
anticipated that upon this occasion we should
meet with a lebuff from our own professed friends.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
I recognize m this work one of vast importance,
and one that it is fit, eminently fit, at the proper
time, for the Government of the United States to
undertake, and I regret that the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] who is usually so catholic
and so free from prejudice,should Imveundertaken
to create a sort of local prejudice in this House,
either in favor of or against this measure. Simply
because under the circumstances I have thought
it best and most proper that this bill shall be post-
poned until next December, he has seen fit to ar-
raign certain sections of the House on various
other and totally irrelevant questions. Now, what
has the il Morrill tariff," as he calls it, to do with
this question ? Why, sir, if it had anything to do
with it, it would be enlisted in its favor, fori take
it the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] who has this object so much at heart, is
able to see that the railroad iron interest would be
somewhat promoted by having the Government
embark in this scheme at this time, and so far as
the particular question of the tariff is concerned,
I leave it to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
answer.
I will say only in ielation to the tariff, that it
is conceded, both by free trade men and by those
who are in favor of a proper discrimination in be-
half of American labor, that that tariff has been
the salvation of the country, and that but for that
tariff, we would at this very moment be bankrupt.
It is not too much to claim that that tariff has done
this m relation to our governmental affairs, and of
our domestic interests; that it has thrown the bur-
den ofthis war quite as much uponforeign nations
as it has upon ourselves,and if thegentlcman was
familiar with the trade of other nations, he would
see that Belgium and France and the German na-
tions and England have been almost as much pros-
trated by the effects of this war, thanks to the
tariff, as we have been.
Now,awordm relation to the other point made
by thegentleman about western men. Sir, I glory-
in the renown they have won in thefield. if we
of the East have not won equal renown, it is be-
cause we have not been afforded the opportunity;
because our men have been led by a western gen-
eral instead of by a New England man. Where
ever our men have been led by aBurnside, they
have won equal glory and renown in this war with
any others.
Mr. DUNN. General Burnsidc is a native of
Indiana, and received his appointment as acadet
to West Point from the present Secretary of the
Interior, then a Representative in Congress from
Indiana. I congratulate the soldiers of the East
in having so gallant a leader.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know that he
hails from Rhode Island. I know also that some
of these western officers (Commodore Foote) who
have won glory, in which the gentleman takes no
more pride than 1 do, had their birthplace in New
England. But, sir, the gentleman from Missouri
will utterly fail, so far as I am concerned, in awak-
ening the least piejudiee,for I appeal to gentlemen
upon all sides of the House to point to a single vote
which 1 have ever given in this House that has
been based upon any such miserable passion as a
local prejudice.
Now, sir, in relation to this matter of the rail-
road, while I did not intend to say a single word
upon the subject, 1 felt called upon m< rely to
express my individual opinion thai it would be
most proper that the bill should be postponed until
next December. I am still of that opinion. While
I do regai d it as a work of importance, and one that
it is fit that the Government of the United States
should undertake, ye 11 will not blink the fnrt that
we aie not now in a condition to undertake so
gigantic an enterprise, and that it will be much
