1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
more likely to succeed by delay than by haste at
the present time.
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would be glad,
before the gentleman proceeds, to put two or three
practical questions to him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have but a word or two
to say, and then I will yield to the gentleman and
answer his questions with pleasure.*
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. 1 should like to
propound them now, and then the gentleman can
answer them as he proceeds with his remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. WPIITE, of Indiana. Perhaps as my in-
quiries will be a little complicated, I had better
propound them, if I can get the floor, when the
gentleman is through.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise at
this time for the purpose of answering one or two
objections that have been made to the bill now
before the committee. 1 predicate my remarks
upon the fact that gentlemen are anxious to ob-
tain information upon the subject of this bill, and
that no member of the committee desires to mis-
represent the measure or to place the special com-
• mittcc that framed it in an erroneous position.
First, I do not know why the gentleman from
Vermont proposes to postpone this measure for
the present session. What reason can the gentle-
mangive for thatproposition? We have shownby
official figures that the Government of the United
States is paying annually seven or eight millions
of dollars for transportation to the Pacific. In other
words, the Government is paying a sum double
that which is sufficient to pay the interest on all
the bonds contemplated by this bill, if the entire
number were issued to-morrow. I say, then, as
a question of financial policy, it is necessary that
we should proceed, without the delay of a single
day, to perfect and adopt this measure in order to
save money to the national Treasury. If we go
on and spend from seven to ten millions annually
for transportation to the Pacific, wc will be inex-
cusable as Representatives of the people. Let us
rather at once adopt the bill, and thus stop this
great leak in the national Treasury. Let gentle-
men show that this railroad, when completed, will
cost the Government a larger expenditure for the
interest on the bonds thnn it now pays for trans-
portation to the Pacific, and I will yield the force
of the argument.
But when gentlemen propose to postpone this
measure without being able to give a reason for
the proposition, 1 think 1 am justified m asking
that the special committee shall be sustained,and
that the proposition to postpone shall be voted
down. We have postponed it long enough. We
have talked about a Pacific railroad bill year after
year. We have resolved and re-resolved about it.
We seem to be unable to rise to the importance of
the question. Every gentleman who has ad-
dressed the committee to-day has admitted the
necessity of this great national work. No gen-
tleman can give a reason why ft should be post-
poned, either for a financial or any other reason.
1 ask the members of this committee to come up
to the woik, and inaugurate this gieat national
measure. The road will not be completed for the
next ten or more years, or it may be that we can-
not construct this road through the passes of the
Sierra Nevada and of the Rocky mountains for
the next fifteen years. It is a wotk of giant pro-
portions, and ofgiant necessities. But if the work
is never begun, it will never be finished. Do you
propose to hold your possessions on the Pacific,
or abandon them? That is the question. Will
you allow an antagonistic feeling to grow up be-
tween the great West and the great East, a t ivalry
of interests and llelings and habits, and never
- connect them by iron bands: I do not undeistand
that to be the policy of the nation. If we are ever
to begin this work, we must begin now. The
people are ahead of then Representatives. They
have icsolved this work shall be constructed, and
yet we hesitate. Are gentlemen willing to legis-
late on the idea that this rebellion is going to term-
inate the existence of the nation, and are we to
ieg islate as if the Republic was in its death-throes?
I admit no such proposition. With thepatiiotic
gentleman from Mib ouri, [Mr. Blair,} I will
legislate for the great future, of this mighty Re-
public, and will so legislate now, while rebel can-
non are echoing on the shores of the Potomac. I
cannot see, on any argument or on any line of rea-
soning or view, present or future, that this, the
most beneficent Government that man ever or-
ganized, was not framed to last for ages, and I will
legislate on that basis alone.
Mr. Chairman, several special objections have
been made to the bill which has been reported by
the special committee unanimously, and which I
now propose to answer. The honorable gentle-
man from Illinois who now occupies the chair,
[Mr.LovEJOY,] and the honorable gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Piittf,] have advocated the adoption
of a bill offered as a substitute by the gentleman
from Illinois, which is well known as the scheme
of a celebrated lottery-ticket projector from the
State of Maine, I believe.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Wouldthegentlemanhave
it understood that the person referred to is not a
very respectable man ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I say nothing about his
respectability; I was simply saying that he is only
known to the public as a gentleman who was
prominently connected with an extensive lottery
schcme. I mean no reflection upon him, but
simply state the fact. If I am wrong in tjiis, I will
be pleased to be corrected.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I am not aware that he
is connected with any lottery scheme.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand he was so
connected. The gentleman can inquire for further
information. 1 state what I believe to be true, and
I will at any time give the gentleman any inform-
ation on the subject in my possession.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe him to be a re-
spectable man.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not gainsay it. I was
going to say that' the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] is, that the Congress
of the United States should incorporate a com-
pany away up in Maine, and give to it the ex-
clusive privilege of building the Pacific railroad.
It is proposed that, passing by the great West,
as well as the great Northwest, and the Pacific
States, we shall incorporate a company in the
State of Maine to build the Pacific railroad. I
cannot see the necessity or propiicty of -such le-
gislation. No matter how icspectablc that com-
pany may be, or what amount of capital it repre-
sents, J see no reason for depuvmg the people of
California or the people of Oregon, the people of
Missouri or the people of Iowa, from all interest
in this work, and excluding them from a voice
and a representation in the construction of the
road, a road which so immediately concerns them.
The committee were unanimous in rejecting that
proposition, and I trust that the House will not
bo far depai t from its sense of the fitness of things
as to incorporate a company in any «ne State,
and give to it the exclusive privilege of construct-
ing the road m question. Certainly the people
of the western States and Territories know more
concerning their trade and immediate wants, than
corporations from a distant State.
Mr. Chairman, it was said by the gentleman
from Illinois that the bill reported by the special
committee was a log-rolling scheme. The bill is
not liable to that objection. It does provide that
the tailroad companies in Iowa, and those in Mis-
souri and Kansas, shall have the right to construct
two eastern branches, because they have already
the necessary legislation, and because the com-
mittee believed them to be live and subsisting
corporations, with the ability and intent to do the
work. But if the Committee of the Whole regard
the privileges given to them in the bill as too ex-
clusive, let that be altered. The special commit-
tee docs not object to any reasonable amendment
that shall be ollered in good faith, and shall be
calculated to strengthen the bill. We are not
wedded to the bill so much as to desire to exclude
any fair and proper amendment. Our great desire
is to ndopt a good bill, and one under which the
road can be made.
It was said, however, by the gentleman from
Illinois that the bill reported by the special com-
mittee was liable to grave objections; that as soon
as forty miles of the road were built—the commis-
sioners having certified that fact—bonds would
thereupon issue; and he made the point that the
bill did not provide for a lien oil the whole road
for such issue.
Now, if the gentleman had read the bill care-
fully, as he confesses he did not, he would have
seen that as each consecutive section is constructed
bonds are issued, and when the whole work is
completed the Government has a mortgage on the
whole. But the most amusing part of his objec-
tion was that the substitute which he himself
offered—the People's Pacific railroad scheme of
Maine—and which he advocated, is liable to the
very same objection. The thirteenth section pro-
vides:
u That whenever said People's Pacific Railroad Company
embraced in this act shall, under the provisions thereof,be
entitled to demand any installment ot the bonds hereinbe-
fore mentioned, to be issued and delivered in aid of the con-
sttuction of such railway contemplated by this act, such
railroad company, its associates, successors, or assigns
shall, at the same time, as asecuiay tor the amount of such
bonds and interest to acerue thereon, execute to the United
States a moitgage on such portion oj raihvay as shall ftorrt
time to time be completed."
The gentleman's amendment to the bill of the
committee and this feature of the bill before me
are precisely identical. 1 think, therefore, that the
deliberate judgmentofthe gentleman from Illinois
in offering that amendment is better than the ad
captandum remark he made in the committee to-
day against the bill.
It was also objected by him that the bill pro-
vides for two or three parallel roads. I beg leave
to differ with the gentleman from Illinois m ref-
erence to that statement. The bill reported by the
committee does no such thing. The gentleman is
mistaken. It provides for two eastern branches,
with equal grants; and it gives to two companies
in Missouri the right to unite with the Kansas
Company in the constiuction of the Missouri
branch, giving aid to the two Missouri companies
to the extent of a hundred miles in each case, but
it provides for no parallel roads.
The gentleman from Illinois further stated that
the bill reported by the select committee, whether
intended or not, really meant a southern route.
Now, I call the attention of the committee to the
fact that by no possibility under the bill reported
by the select committee could a southern route
be adopted. This bill fixes, as the Curtis bill did,
the point of starting on the Missouri, and we have
fixed that pointat Kansas City. That is the point
which has geiieiallv been recommended as the
beginning of the middle route. The southern
route, it will be recollected, contemplated going
through Texas. Now, I call attention to the fact
that this road, starting at Kansas City, cannot by
any possibility be diverted in a southern direction.
The western terminus of the road is fixed atSac-
lamento or San Francisco. The bill then further
requires that the road shall be constructed by the
most diiect central and practicable route. If it
were diverted into a southern route, it would have
to be cairied hundreds of miles out of the way,
and could not be called in any sense a central route;
itcould not be called dlrcct; nor, in my judgment,
could the construction of the road by such a route
be practicable in any respect. Therefore, I repeat,
by no possibility can a southern route be adopted
under this bill. '
It was further urged by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Illinois that, while the construction
of this road was a social and.business necessity,
it was not a military one. The fact winch I had
the honor of submitting to this committee m an
official form, will go fuither than the mere asser-
tion of any gentleman to prove the existence of
a military necessity for the construction of this
road. And that was this: the Government is now
paying between seven and eight millions of dollars
for Pacific transportation. I think the gentleman
from Illinois, and every other gentleman, will ad-
mit that, if carried by rail, it would not cost the
Government one eighth that sum. If this war
continues, however, the cost of this transporta-
tion will rise speedily from seven or eight million
to ten or twenty millions of dollars. But if you
have a war with Great Britain, and your trans-
portation by water be cut off, the expenditure
will swell to hundreds of millions—nay, more, to
transport the arms and supplies and munitions of
war necessary in such a contingency through the
defiles of the Rocky mountains and the snows of
the Sierra, will, in my judgment, be simply im-
possible.
I understand the honorable gentleman ftom
Maine [Mr. Pike] to object to this bill on the
ground of the expenditure of money involved. "I
think 1 have fully answered that objection.
It was also stated by that gentleman that the
bill was liable to the objection that parties might
construct sections of the road where it was most
