688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
as tending to make paper a currency with legal
tender, and amotion was made to strike it out and
insert an express prohibition. That was resisted,
because, as Mr. Mason said," it could not be fore-
seen what the necessities of the Government might
at some time require." " The late war," he said,
u could nothave been carried on had such prohibi-
tion existed." It was finally agreed to strike out
the express power, and not to insert the prohibi-
tion, leaving it to the exigencies of the times to
determine its necessity. The right to emit bills
of credit, which the convention expressly refused
to grant as a substantive power, has for fifty years,
by the common consent of the nation, been prac-
ticed, and is now conceded by every opponent of
this btH, With what grace can the concomitant
power to make them a legal tender be objected to ?
The Supreme Court have settled certain principles
with regard to the power of Congress over meas-
ures not expressly enumerated in the Constitu-
tion. The principle is, that where anything is ne-
cessary to carry into effect the granted power it is
constitutional. The eighth section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution gives Congress power—
t{ To make all laws which may be nnce^aryand pioper to
carry iutu execution the foregoing powers, and ail other
powers vested by this Constitution in tlie United States or
iu any department or officer thereof."
The Constitution nowhere gives Congress power
to create corporations or to establish a bank of
the United States. But as Congress had power to
regulate commerce, and to regulate the value of
com, and it deemed the establishment of a bank
necessary to effectuate those powers, the Supreme
Court pronounced it constitutional. In short,
whenever any law is necessary and proper to carry
into execution any delegated power, such law is
valid. That necessity need not be absolute, inevit-
able, anil overwhelming—ifitbeuseful,expedient,
profitable, the necessity is within the constitutional
meaning. "VVheLher such necessity exists is solely
fot the decision of Congress. Their judgment
is absolute and conclusive. If Congress should
decide this measure to be necessary to a granted
power, no department of the Government can re-
judge it. The Supreme Court might think the
judgment of Congress ertoneous, but they could
not review it. Now, it is for Congress to determ-
ine whether this bill is necessary u to raise and
support armies and navies, to borrow money, and
provide for the general welfare." They are all
granted poweis. It is for those who think thatit
is not "necessary, useful, proper," to propose some
better moans, and vote against this*, if a majority
think otherwise, its constitutionality is estab-
lished.
If constitutional, is it expedient? It is objected
by the gentleman from Ohio that the legal tender
clause would depreciate the notes. All udmitthe
necessity of the issue. But some object to then-
being made money. It is not easy to perceive how
notes issued withoutbeing made immediately pay-
able in specie can be made any worse by making
them a legal tender. And yet that is the whole
argument so far as expediency is concerned.
Oth t gentlemen argued that this would impair
com ia< Is by making a debt payable in other money
than that which existed at the time of the con-
tract, and would so be unconstitutional. Where
do gentlemen find any prohibition on Congress
against passing laws impairing contracts? There
is none, though it would be unjust to do it. But
this impairs no contract. All contracts aie made
not only with a view to present laws, but subject
•to the future legislation of the country. Wo have
more than once changed the value ofeoin. Neither
oar gold nor silver coin is as valuable as it was
fifty years ago. Congress in 1333, I^elieve, reg-
ulated the weight and value of silver. They de-
based it over seven per cent, and made it a legal
tender. Who ever pretended that that was uncon-
stitutional? The gentlemen from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] and Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] think it
an ex postftcto law. It is not wondeiful that my
distinguished colleague, not being a professional
lawyer, should not be aware that the ex post facto
laws prohibited by the Constitution refei only to
crimes and misdemeanors, and not to civil con-
tracts. The gentleman from Ohio no doubt knew
but forgot it.
It js said that this will inflate the currency and
thus raise the price of commodities and stimulate
speculation. How do gentlemen expect that using
the dame amount of notes without the legal tender
will inflate it less? It will take the same amount of
millions, with or without the legal tender, to carry
on the war, except that the one would be below
parand the otheratpar. No instance can begiven
of a currency not redeemable on demand in gold
that did not immediately depreciate. But if made
a legal tender,and not a redundancy ofitemitted,
it will be par. I fear gentlemen have not well con-
sulted standard writers on this subject, but have
substituted their own fancy and wild declamation.
McCulloch, one of the most learned of writers
on that subject, says:
" But though the condition that they shall be paid on de-
mand, with the beliefthat this condition shall be complied
with, witl be necessary to sustain the value of notes issued
by private paities or associations, it 19 not necessary to sus-
tain the value of paper money, ptoperlyso called, or of notes
which have been made a legal tender. The only thing re-
quited to sustain the value of the latter debcnption of cur-
rency is that it should be issued in limited quantities.
'* Every country lias a certain number of exchanges to
make; and whether these are affected by the employment
oi a given number of coiiip of a pai ticulnr denomination, or
by the employment of the same number of notes of the same
denomination, is, in this respect, of no impoitance what-
ever. Notes which have been made legal tender, and are
notpajahle on demand, do not circulate because of any
confidence placed in the capacity of the issuers to retire
them; neither do they circulate because they are of the
same ical value as the commodities for winch they are
exchanged; but they cnculatc because, having been se-
lected to perform the functions of money, they are, as such,
leadily leceived by all Individuals in pauneiuot Their debts.
Notes of this descuption may he regaided as a sort of tickets
01 countcis to be used in computing the value of property,
and in ttansteiring itfiom one individual to another. And
as they are nowise affected by fluctuations of credit, their
value, it is obvious, mu^t depend entirely on the quantity of
them in circulation as compared with the pajments to be
made tlnough their instrumentality, or the business tiiey
have to perforin."
The value of legal tender notes depends on the
amount issued compared with the business of the
country. If a less quantity were issued than the
usual and needed circulation they would be more
valuable than gold.
The same author says:
" By icducing the supply of notes below the supply of
coin that would ciiculate in their place were they vvttb-
diavvn their value may be raised above the value ol gold,
while by increasing tiiem to a greater extent it is propor-
tionally lowered " * * •* * " Theie cannot,
however, be 1I10 least difleienen, as ro^pect* value, in the
piovinees, between Hank oi England paper, now that it is
legal tendei, ami gold."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman a question in connection with
that passage. McCulloch laid down the doctiine
that the paper is limited to the amount necessary
for currency. Let me ask the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania whether he now expects, in man-
aging these financial matters, to limit the amount
of these notes to $150,000,000? Is that his ex-
pectation ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is. I expect that is the
maximum amount to be issued.
Mr. THOMAS,of Massachusetts. You do not
expect to call for any more?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I do not.
Increase gold and silver beyond the arftount
needed,and you depreciate its value. Such infla-
tion of the currency is just as injurious as if it
were 111 paper, so far as raising prices and stimu-
lating speculation are concerned.
I know the danger of granting to irresponsible
institutions or individuals the right to issue paper
currency not immediately convertible, because
their avarice would always abuse the privilege
and over issue. But when the Government thus
issues, the fault and the ciirnc is theirs if they
do not restrain it within proper bounds. Is the
proposed issue of $150,000,000 too much ? It is
believed that the ordinary business of the coun-
try, especially now, requires a circulation of
$400,000,000. The bank circulation has been
about $200,000,000, with coin to the amount of
$250,000,000. The bank paper, now m suspen-
sion, would largely disappear before this par pa-
per; and during suspension, which means during
the war, there will be but little com circulation.
If the whole $150,000,000 of United States notes
could be kept circulating, I do not think the sur-
viving bank paper would furnish a sufficient cur-
rency for commercial purposes—some coin must
be added. But it is not probable that it could ail
be kept out; much would rest in banks, in the
pockets of private individuals, or await invest-
ment temporarily, at least, for a while.
But my distinguished colleague from Vermont
fears that enormous issues would follow to supply
the expenses of the war. I do not think any more
would be needed than the $150,000,000. The notes
bear no interest. No one would seek them for
investment. In the rapid circulation of money,
$100 in a year is turned so often as to purchase ten
times its value. This money would soon lodge
in large quantities with the capitalists and banks,
who must take them. But the instinct of gain,
perhaps I may call it avarice, would not allow
them to keep it long unproductive. A dollar in a
miser's safe unproductive is a sore disturbance.
"Where could they in vest it ? In United States loans
at six per cent., redeemable in gold in twenty
years, the best and most valuable permanent in-
vestment that could be desired. The Government
would thus again possess such notes in exchange
for bonds, and again reissue them. I have no
doubt that thus the §500,000,000 of bonds author-
ized would be absorbed in less time than would
be needed by Government; rind thus $150,000,000
would do the work of $500,000,000 of bonds.
When further loans are wanted, you need only
authorize the sale of more bonds; the same
$150,000,000 of notes will be ready to take them.
I contend that this currency will be better than
any this country can produce. Bank notes are
merely local. The holder of them in St. Louis,
wishing to transmit to New York, must pay a
discount of from one to ten per cent. If he has
gold, the cost of transportation is considerable.
If he travel, it is cumbersome. Butif hehas Uni-
ted States par notes, he can send them without
cost all over the Union.
Gentlemen are clamorous in favor of those who
have debts due them, lest the debtor should the
more easily pay his debt. I do not much sympa-
thize with such importunate money-lenders. But
widows and orphans are interested, and in tears
lest their estates should be badly invested. I pity
no one who has his money invested in United
States bonds, payable in gold in twenty years,
with interest semi-annually.
But while these men have agonized bowels over
the rich man's case, they have no pity for the poor
widow, the suffering soldier, the wounded martyr
to his country's good, who must receive these
notes without legal tender or nothing, and who
must give half of it to the Shylocks to get the
necessaries of life. Sir, I wish no injury to any,
nor with our bill could any happen; butif any
must lose, let it not be the soldier, the mechanic,
the laborer, and the farmer.
Let me restate the various projects. Ours pro-
poses United States notes, secured at the end of
twenty years to be paid in coin, and the interest,
raised by taxation, semi-annually; such notes to
be money, and of uniform value throughout the
Union. No better investment, in my judgment,
can be had; no better currency can be invented.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandigham] proposes the same issue of
notes, but objects to a legal tender; but does not
provide for their redemption on demand in coin,
lie fears our notes would depreciate. Let him
who is sharp enough to see it instruct mc how
notes that every man must take are worth less
than the same notes that no man need take, and
few would, being irredeemable on demand. Rut
he doubts its constitutionality. He who admits
our power to emit bills of credit, nowhere ex-
pressly authorized by the Constitution, is a sharp
and unreasonable doubter when he denies the
power to make them a legal tender.
The proposition of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] authorizes the issu-
ing of seven per cent, bonds,pfiyablc in thirty-one
years, to be sold ($250,000,000 of it) or exchanged
for the currency of the banks of Boston, New
York, and Philadelphia.
Sir, this proposition seems to me to lack every
element of wise legislation. Make a loan pay-
able in irredeemable currency, and pay that nuts
depreciated condition to our contractors, soldiers,
and creditors generally ! The banks would issue
unlimited amounts of what would become trash,
and buy good haid money bonds of the nation.
Was there ever such a temptation to swindle?
He further proposes to issue $200,000,000 Uni-
ted States notes, redeemable in coin in one year.
Does not the gentleman know that such notes
must be dishonored, and the plighted faith of the
Government broken? No one believes that we
could then pay them, and it would run down at
once. If we are to use suspended notes to pay our
expenses, why not use our own ? Are they not
