1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2671
we are doing, when we agree to turn them all
loose unconditionally.
Mr. DELANO. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion on the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent,
then submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiueted to report to tile IJoube, on Fnday morning next, a
biil providing lh.it eouits-inartial shnll nor In-reaiter sen-
tenei1 to the penitentiary nny peison lor an offense a<£ain=-t
military l.uv, and providing lor the discharge of thepei-
sons now held in the pemtentiaty by vntue of commitments
made by such court-s lor offense:* not made infamous by the
common law.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported back
House bill No. 463, to extend the charter of the
Washington and Alexandria railroad, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that the charter
of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany be extended from the south end of the Po-
tomac bridge, as the same is now constructed,
along Maryland avenue to the Capitol grounds,
and across Pennsylvania avenue along First street
to Indiana avenue, and thence to the Baltimore
and Ohio depot; and that all the ordinary rights,
privileges, and liabilities, incident to bodies cor-
porate and politic, are hereby cieatcd and con-
ferred upon said company; provided the location
of the road as extended shall be subject to such
change as the fuinre alterations or extension of
the Capitol grounds or of the streets and avenues
may require.
The bill further empowers the company to make
such additional structure or passage way along
either side or over the Potpmac budge as, in the
opinion of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
may render the same safe for public use, and so as
not to hinder the general use of the bridge for ordi-
nary travel, which shall be ascertained by one or
more experienced civil engineers, who shall report,
by proper surveys and estimates, to the Secretary
of the Interior for his approval; the whole cost of
which surveys and construction of said additional
bridge for the purposes mentioned to be paid by
the company; and provides that the company
shall construct such draws as shall correspond
with those now in use 011 the bridge and aflord
equal facilities for navigation on the Potomac.
That the company shall keep that portion of the
avenues or streets occupied by their road in good
repair, and provided with suitable crossways,
at the proper places, for vehicles and wheeled car-
riages, and for general use. That the company
may acquire and hold such real and personal es-
tate as the practical ttseand working of said load
may require, under such regulations, and subject
to such taxation as is imposed by law on similar
property located in the city of Washington.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time-, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
ASUBURTON TREATY.
Mr. WICKL1FFE asked the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved* Tint the Secretary ot'St.tte report tn this House
tlie nifOiiiralroii in h." D.-p.utmcnt, 01 wlueli from other
lour"eX mr.5 b, able to obtain : 1. What was the amount
of tnonev paid by tie- United Mutes to tlie M.i.t ^ 01 Maine
and Mas'sacllilselt* for JieiilniK tlie.r a^rnt to the A«l.bur-
ton tieatv. tixnifr the boundary between tlie Umteii
and the Buti-li possession- 111 Ainenca. am to uliat uas
said money to lie applied? ± Wait was done m I Itie
monev Plipnleu d to be paid I01 the benefit ol < ut.110 mdi-
v duals tor timber take,', by th" subjects of Great Britain
fiom ceitam lands <Wiil>cd in said treaty? 3. It wiitl
money lias not been paid by Gieat Jiutain, state tlu tea
sons lor Midi butuie.
Mr. PUCE. I object.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I appeal to thegentleman
to withdraw I11& objection.
Mr. PIKE. I cannot. , ,
Mr DELANO moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
, The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuatton in the chair )
The CHAIRMAN staled the first question in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
470, being a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior, in conjunction with the Mayors of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, to contract for the con-
struction of a penitentiary, jail, and house of cor-
rection for the District of Columbia; and that, as
it was a special order, debate was confined to the
provisions of the bill.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Chairman, I regret that
this bill comes befoie the committee at this late
hour of the day. It is a very important'bill, in-
volving a large expenditure of money, and which
ought to receive the serious consideration of the
committee.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. How much money
does the bill involve?
Mr. DELANO. One hundred thousand dollars.
With the pei mission of the committee, I will pro-
ceed to explain the exact amount of expenditure
that is involved, and the precise manner in which
it is proposed that the money shall be expended.
Although the bill purports to involve an expendi-
ture of $200,000, yet it also contains a section pro-
viding for the reimbursement of the Government
at one half that sum. The bill therefore really in-
volves the Government in an expenditure of only
$100,000. As I have said, I regret that the bill
comes up for consideration at this late hourtn the
day, because it concerns a poition of territory
which lias been, I am compelled to say, sadly
neglected by the Government. At an early day
ot' the session ati appropt iation of $100,000 was
sent to us by the Senate. It was in behalf of the
same pui pose contemplated by this bill. It the
committee will give its attention, I will endeavor
to unfold the theory of this bill, and why, in the
opinion of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, it should be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman will yield,
I will move that the committee rise, in order that
he may go on with his remarks to-morrow.
Mr. DELANO. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, then, that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mi-.Stratton reported that the
Committee ofthe Whole 011 the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly bill of the
House No. 470, and had come to no resolution
thercon- CONFISCATION.
Mr. CASEY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that it will order to be printed a sub-
stitute which I propose to offer at the proper time
for the confiscation bill of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Porter.]
There was 110 objection, and it was so ordered.
FRAUDULENT CONTRACTORS.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask to have entered amotion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill to punish
fraudulent contractors was recommitted to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
SOLDIERS IMPRISONED IN THIS PENITENTIARY.
Mr. MOORHEAD submitted the following res-
olution; which was rend, considered,and agreed to:
Resolrerl, Tlmt the Scoretaiy of tile Interior, in reply to
the resolution of tlie (louse ndopled on the 6th mstnut,
ClIHoh* lot lnfoimation 111 icijaid to military prisoners con-
fined ni the penitentiary, lie requned te designate them by
number, instead ol by name, as provided la said resolu-
! tion.
| LAND DISTRICT OF NEVADA.
' Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Iasktheunani-
! mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
' mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
■! from the farther consideration of House biii No.
442, to establish a land district in Nevada,
j Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
SABINE.
Mr. riEDG WICK submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agieeu
^Resolved, That the Secretary of thr Navy be requested to
furnish the House with copies of the official reports una cor-
respondence ofthe wreckof the transport steamer Governor
and the rescue ofthe battalion of marines on board by the
bark Sabine, in November last, and also the official reports
of the search for and discovery of and assistance rendered
to the United States ship Vermont, in March last, by tlie
bark Sabine. 4
NATIONAL HOLIDAYS.
Mr. LOOMIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for the purpose of introducing the
following joint resolution:
Whereas the Continental Congress, on the 14th day ot
June, 1777, adopted the present flag of the United States,
and the convention for the formation of a Constitution for
the United States, on the 17th day of September, 1787,
adopted oui present Constitution; and whereas that Con-
stitution and fla?, dear to us as the organic law and symbol
of the Union winch our fathers established and which we
have so long loved, have become more endeared to us by
the toifs and sactifiees which we are at this day called upon
to undergo, and which we cheerfully accept, to preserve
our national existence and the union of States; and where-
as we desiio, by an annual commemoration, to express our
affection for our Constitution and flag, and to teach that
affection lo after generations : Thcrelore,
Resolved by the Senate and IIousc of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
we reconnncnd to the people of tlie United States to ob-
seive the 14th day of Jtnfe and the 17th day of September
in each yearns national holidays—the first to be knownaS
Flag Da), and the latter as Constitution Day.
There was no objection, and the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second timej and then,
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at fouro*clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 12, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. D. H. Riddle, D. D., of Jersey
City.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. -
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF INDIANA AND OHIO.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to present three sev-
eral petitions from membeis of the bar of Indiana,
from every portion of the State, on the subject of
the proposed change of our judicial circuit. These
signers com ptise ex-members of the supreme court
and members of the bar from every portion of the
State. They desire that Ohio and Indiana shall re-
main in tlie same circuit. We have ever been in one
circuit. There is more similarity in our legisla-
tion than perhaps in any two States in the West.
These petitions represent the will of the people of
my State, and I shall regard their petition as in-
structions tome. Theieis great similarity be-
tween the two Slates in their legislation. We are
within four houis of the residence of the present
circuit judge in Ohio, a gentleman universally
acceptable to my people; and I speak the entire
scntimmtof my people when I say that Indiana
desires to lemain with Ohio. She wants no change.
1 know nothing about any judgeships or the aspi-
rations of any man. These petitions represent
the sentiments of my people, and I desire that one
of them may be read; and that they be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and Home of Representative $
of the Congress of the United Statpi?
Tlie undoi Planed, members ofthe bar of the United States
circuit couitior tlie district ot Indiana, beg leave to evpress
llu i! de-ne tlmt the States of Oiuo and Indiana icmain as
they now ate in the panic judicial cueuit, and we re^peet-
tul ly remonstrate against any legislation which would sepa-
rate said States into different circuits.
The petitions were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
TUB TAX BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On examining the tax
bill, as passed by the Senati', it is found that there
is an error in the engrossment of one of our
amendments, and it is necessary to have that cor-
rected. I move that a message be sent to the
House of Representatives requesting the House
to return the lull in order that that error may be
corrected m the engrossment.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 507) to change the port of entry for the dis-
trict of Brunswick, Georgia, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred a memorial of the
owners of the ship John H. Jarvis, praying that
that vessel captured by the rebels, and recaptured
