1862.
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
convenient and less expensive to construct them,
obtain the bounty of the Government, and then
never finish the road. In other words, the gen-
tleman thought parties might go on the plains of
Kansas, or into the Great Salt Lake basin, and
construct a detached section of forty miles, have it
certified as completed, and obtain the bonds of the
Governmentforthatsection. Mr. Chairman,such
an act would be a manifest violation of the spirit
of the bill; and no commissioners the President
would appoint could give the necessary certificate
under such circumstances.
But, if the gentleman had examined the bill he
would have discovered that it requires that those
sections must be consecutive; they cannot be con-
structed in detached sections and draw the bonds.
No Government aid would be granted unless the
sections were consecutive. The gentleman will
find that provided for m the fourth section of the
bill. But, if no such provision were there, if
parties were so Q,uixotic as to construct detached
sections of the road, it would cost them double
the amount they would receive, and no use could
be made of the road; and would they be very
likely to pursue so eccentric a course for the pur-
pose of receiving from the Government one half
the amount expended by them? I think it is a
sufficient reply to the objection to say simply that
such a course would not pay; for I hoid that there
is no single section that can be constructed outof
the money advanced by Government for such sec-
tion under this bill; for the sections which will in
our estimation cost $35,000 per mile to put the
road in running order, the company, under this
bill, will receive $16,000 per mile, and for such sec-
tions as the Government will pay $48,000 per mile
the cost will be double that amount. So that I
think the bill is sufficiently well guarded in that
respect.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am ready to yield to
the suggestion of a friend near me, that the com-
mittee rise,<is it is beyond the usual hour for ad-
journment; but 1 will first give way to the gentle-
man from Maine, who, 1 believe, wishes to say
something tn-mght.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I regret that the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, m the course
of lus remarks, should have seen fit to reflect at
all upon the character of the gentlemen whose
names are mentioned m the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois. I am sure he did
not intend to make any remarks derogatory of the
gentleman to whom he alluded particularly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I say to the gentleman that
%,! have not said anything derogatory of the gen-
tleman to whom he refers, ldid mention the fact,
which I supposed was well understood by many
members of the House, that lus name—and
whether he is a constituent of the gentleman or
not I do not know—was connected with a lottery
scheme. I have said nothing derogatory to his
charac to r.
Mr. POTTER. I hope that apology will be
received as sufficient.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman rise
to a question of order?
Mr. POTTER Yes, sir; I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman from Maine called the
member from Pennsylvania to order for some re-
mark made by him in reference to a person men-
tioned in this bill. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, thereupon, made a most ample apology.
[Laughter. 1
Mi. DIVEN. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. POTTER. No, sii; the gentleman cannot
call mo to order. I am on the floor upon a point
of order. [Laughter.]
The CHAlIi VIAX. The Chair ovciruks the
question of order.
Mr. POTTER. Oh, no; I have not stated it
yet. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his question of oidcr, then.
Mr. POTTER. That is precisely what I pro-
pose to do if the Chair will allow me, and 1 shall
have to begin back at the beginning. The gen-
tleman from Maine called the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order for a remark made by him
in relation to another peison. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania made an apology that should
be considered ample. [Laughter.] The gentle-
man to whom reference was made was a gentle-
man who has, I understand, been furnishnigfree
tickcts to members of Congress over railroads.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the gentleman as-
sert that this gentleman has furnished free tickets
to members of Congress?
Mr. POTTER. I understand some of the Maine
delegation have been furnished with tickejts at half
price. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN". I cannot answer so far as
the Maine delegation are concerned, but I can tell
the gentleman from Wisconsin that if tickets had
been offered to liim at half price lie would have
been glad to accept them, and that he would have
been still more willing to obtain them for nothing.
Mr. POTTER. 1 did not yield to the gentle-
man from Maine to make any such remark.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Has the gentleman from
Wisconsin stated his question of order?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, he lias not; but I
make the question of order that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania?
Mr. POTTER. Not while I am on my point
of order. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr POTTER. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is, whether the decision of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. POTTER. I ask the Chair to state the
point of order to the committee. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will perform
its own duties.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the reading of the rule.
[Laughter.]
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I accept the apology of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I made no apology, as I
had said nothing which required one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as the State of
Maine is concei ued , I think that she has as much
right as any othei Statr to present her charter foi
the consideiation of this body.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 did notobjcct to the bill
so far as the State of Maine is concerned; but 1
objected to this great work being built under the
charter of any State, whether of Pennsylvania or
Maine.
1 move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mi. Lo\ejov reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consuleuition, and particularly the Pacific
railroad bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
twenty-five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril 18, 1860.
Prayerbythe Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordeit'il, 'JMi.it when the Senate adjourns to-day, it bo to
meet on Monday ne\t.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
morning business, the Chair will call up the un-
finished business of yesterday, which is a bill (S.
No. 15) to establish a line of steam mail ships
between San Fiancisco, m California,and Shang-
hae, in China, touching at the Sandwich Islands
and Japan; on which the Senator from California
has the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. That may lie over for a little
while, until there is a quorum. There is evidently
nota quorum here now. I want to press the meas-
uie to a vote. No doubt the committee rooms aie
filled. There are two or three committees in ses-
sion this morning, to my knowledge.
The PRESIDENTp/'o tempore. Does the Sen-
ator make a motion?
Mr. LATHAM. Let it go over informally.
I will call it up again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie on
the table for the present.
LAND OFFICE IN COLORADO.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 27*2
It is a bill merely to establish a land office in Col-
orado, which has been reported unanimously by
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
272) to establish a land office in Colorado Terri-
tory was retfd a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that all
the lands to which the Indian title has been or
shall be extinguished within the Territory of Col-
orado shall be subject to the operations of the
preemption act of the 4th of September, 1841,
and under the conditions, restrictions, and Stipu-
lations therein mentioned; but when unsurveyed
lands are claimed by preemption, notice of the
specific tracts claimed is to be filed within six
months after the survey has been made in the
field; and on failure to file such notice, or to pay
for the tract claimed, before the day fixed for the
public sale of the lands by^thc proclamation of
the President, the parties claiming the* lands are
to forfeit all right thereto, but the notices may be
filed with the surveyor general, and to be noted
by him on the township plats, until other arrange-
ments have been made by law for that purpose.
The second section provides that the public
lands within the Territory of Colorado to which
the Indian title is or shall be extinguished shall
constitute a new land district, to be called the
Denver district; and authorizes the President to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a register and receiver of public moneys
for the district, who shall be required to reside at
the place at which the office shall be located, and
#wlio shall have the same powers, perform the
same duties, and be entitled to the same compen-
sation as are or may be prescribed by law in rela-
tion to land offices of the United States in the State
of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire merely to remarlt
that the committee thought it expedient to estab-
lish one land office m the Territory of Colorado.
The memorials that were referred to the committee
asked for two, but it was deemed expedient by the
committee to establish one, as they have none in the
Territory at present. They have a surveyor gen-
eral, and the lands are being surveyed, but they
have no office in which to file their claims and enter
their lands for preemption. It was, therefore,
deemed expedient, and I presume there will be no
opposition in the Senate, to establish one land
office in the Tcnitory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SURRENDER OF NORFOLK KAYY-YARD, ETC.
Mr. HALE. The select committee appointed
by resolution of the 20th of July, 1861, to inquire
into the circumstances attending the surrender of
the navy-yard at Pensacola and the destruction of
property of the United States at the navy-yard at
Norfolk and the armory at Harper's Ferry, have
instructed me to make a report. I move that the
report and accompanying documents be printed,
and five thousand extra copies of the report with-
out the documents.
The motion to pi int the usual number of the
report and documents was agreed to; and the mo-
tion to print the extra numbers of the report was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS.
Mr. KING presented five petitions of citizens
of New York, praying for the pa&sage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Decatur, Michigan, praying for the con- *
struction of a ship canal between Lake Michigan
and the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia.
He also piesented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying for the abolition of slavery; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the rstabhshmont of a tri-weekly mail route
from Washington to Rice's Landing in that State:
which was leterred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
