690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
transactions as worth six of the old, and taken as a ieecal
tender,^svhich required an amount of faith equal to that
which was exacted by Lord Peter of Martin and Jack : that
they should believe ' a loaf of brown bread to be a shoulder
of mutton,' or suffer for their incredulity.
. "This arbitrary edict led to the ruin of many creditors,
especially mortgagees, who were thus compelled to receive
' rags and lampblack5 in satisfaction of debts contracted in
gold and silver.
"At that time T had bargained with the king's painter, in
Copenhagen, to take my portrait, (a half length, &till m my
possession,) for the sum of three hundred rix dollars, the
frame included. Such was the rapid decline in the paper
currency of the Government, that when it was completed
I purchased withnine Spanish milled dollars the three hun-
dred rix dollars to pay for the portrait and frame; and such
was the faith and loyalty of the painter, that he believed,
or was bound by law to believe, that the one currency was
just as good as the other! Being in London duringthe same
year, I was guilty of the felonious act of selling my golden
guineas for twenty-seven shillings in paper, while honest,
patriotic, and credulous John Bull insisted that in theoiy
their value was the same, and the right honorable the
Chancellor of the Exchequer could cause the transportation
to Botany Bay of any man who practically proved the con-
trary."
Mr. HUTCH INS. I would like to inquire as
to the occupation of the gentleman who wrote that
letter?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CR1SEIELD. In order to accommodate
what seems to be the wish of the committee, or ]
some members of it, I propose to modify my
amendment, by confining the motion to strike out
to the words " and shall also be lawful money
and a legal tender in payment of all debts, public
and private, within the United States."
. < Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman, I
rise to oppose the pending amendment. I did de-
sire to submit to the committee some views touch-
ing this measure when we were in general debate,
but omitted to do so in deference to the moie ma-
tured views which other members of the commit-
tee desired to submit. I propose to occupy the
few moments I have, m making some statements
in relation to the charges of bad faith and injus-
tice which have been so persistently, earnestly,
and, doubtlessly, sincerely made by the oppo-
nents of the bill.
Now, sir, I think it must be plain, beyond all
cavil, that if these note*, proposed to bo issued
under this bill, are made of the value impressed
upon them by law, so that they will be to the citi-
zen the true and real representatives of that amount
of the intrinsic wealth of the country which is
stamped by law upon them as their nominal value,
then there can be no practical injury, injustice,
or bad faith m the law which makes theni pay a
debt precisely equal to that real value or wealth of
the country, which that note, so made a tender, .
represents. It is, of course, not my purpose now !
either to discuss or state those views by which :
others see in this measure—as distinguished from
_ those they advocate—only disaster, in the shape
of " destruction of all standards of \alue;" in the
"inflation of the business and the prices of the
country;" in disordering the " operations of trade
and commerce;" and iri the ultimate "bank-
ruptcy" of the Government and of the people. I
have no doubt this cry is made sincerely by many,
and perhaps is believed by all who make it. I
do not discuss the sources and reasonableness of
this cry of alarm, but only wish to present a par-
allel to it, and say that this cry is, to my mind,
ns unreasonable as that other to which I allude. 1
find that parallel in the history of the growth of
the debt of England; and in the light of that his-
tory, I declare that this cry of " bankruptcy" and
national disaster and ruin is utterly unreasonable,
and just now most pernicious.
Sir, the history of the growth of that debt which
one of the great commoners of England calls
" the greatest prodigy that ever perplexed the sa-
gacity, and confounded the pride of statesmen and
philosophers,"furnishes as conclusive refutations
of the-theories and predictions of our alarmists
of this House, as it aid in the past of other Par-
liaments. Sir, at the end of the war of England
with Louis XIV, in 1713, the debt of England
was, m round numbers, $250,000,000. I Jut, sir,
at that period, not pot-house politicians merely,
but profound thinkers, declared the Government
permanently crippled. But while these were en-
gaged in proving the nation ruined, the nation
"was growing richer and richer. Soon came that
•war which was ended by the peace of Aix-la-
Chapelle; and the national debt had come to be
$400,000,000 in 1748. Now, again, historians,
statesmen, and economists, concurred in declaring
that the case of England was ccrtainly now des-
perate; but now again the nation persisted, al-
though demonstrated by the books to bo a bank-
rupt, in becoming far licher than in any period
of her history. Soon the nation became again in-
volved in the continental wars of the reign of
George II, and at the end of Chatham's adminis-
tration, at the period of 1760, the national debt
came to be $700,000,000. Then, again, it is de-
clared that both men of theory and of business
united in declaring that now, at all events, the
fatal day had certainly arrived. Adam Smith, the
father of politico-economical science, thought the
limit had been reached, and an increase of the debt
would be fatal. David Hume, the profoundest
man of his age, declared it would have been better
that England had been conquered and crushed by
Prussia and Austria, than by debts for which all
the revenues of the kingdom north of Trent and
west of Reading were mortgaged. He said the
madness of England exceeded that of the crusa-
ders. Richard Cceur do Lion and St. Louis had
not gone in the facc of arithmetic. England had.
You could not prove that the road to Paradise was
not through the Holy Land; but you could prove
that the road to national ruin was through a na-
tional debt. But still, in defiance of Hume and
Smith, and even Burke, the nation would live and
grow richer, and pay the interest on its public
debt.
Then came George Grenville's policy to tax the
colonics of America to help pay the interest on
this debt, and that broughton our war of the Rev-
olution. In that England lost the colonies, and
found an addition to her public debt of §500,000,000
—making the aggregate, at the time of the treaty
of pence, $1,200,000,000. Again England was pro-
nounced hopeless; but again she continued to be
more prosperous than even before.
Then came the wars growing out of the French
Revolution; and the debt of England ran up to
$4,000,000,000. Again the cry of despair and of
bankruptcy was louder than ever; but also again
the ciy was false as ever; and the interest on the
debt of England not only continued to be paid to
the day at the bank, but such was her prosperity
that at the close of these French wais her people
expended fur i ail roads in the island, in a few years,
more than ^1,200,000,000!
Such is a sketch of the history of the debt of
England, and such the refutation furnished by the
logic of history to the logic of abstract reasoning,
however profound.
A great historian and a gieat commoner of Eng-
land declares that all these cries of bankruptcy
and ruin wore based on a double fallacy. They
who raised these cries imagined that there was an
exact analogy between the case of an individual
who is in debt to another, and the case of a society
which is in debt to part of itself; and they also
forgot that other things grew as well as the debt.
Sir, I do not make this allusion to the debt of
England to show that " a national debt is a na-
tional blessing," nor to indicate that this nation
ought permanently to depart from its old and tra-
ditionary policies of avoiding public debt and di-
rect taxation. I do not think we either ought or
will. But, sir, this parallel between the alarms
of this day and this country, and thoste of the past
in another country, is only intioduced to indicate
the strange infirmities of vision in all these proph-
ets of evil, and to indicate how unjust and cruel
it is to weaken, by these refuted cries of rum and
bankruptcy, the faith of the people in the Gov-
ernment, which now, in its day of peril, so pre-
eminently jests upon the faith of her children.
Sir, all these obligations of this Government go
out to the people borne up by all the faith and ail
the property of the people; and they have oil the
value which that faith untarnished, and that prop-
erty inestimable, can give them. It is not because
they Sack intrinsic value that they need the quality
of "lawful tender." But it is to secure to the
Government in their issue their true value, and to
retain for them that true value as you pass them
—as all agree you must—to your noble soldiery
in the field, and to all classes of the people not en-
gaged, as the most persistent outside opposition
to this bill is, m endeavoring to destroy the value
of these, so that out of the blood of their sinking
country^they may be enabled to coin the gains of
their infamy.
Mr. MOilRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words " and
private." I think it will be better if nothingelse
be stricken out; but! merelymovc the amendment
pro forma. I do not desire, Mr. Chairman, to have
this bill go before the House and country as the
bill of the majority of the committee. Whatever
it may be worth, it is not the bill of more than
one half of the committee. In behalf of the other
members of the committee, I wish to have it un-
derstood that they are as cordially united on their
project as the other four gentlemen are on theirs.
The bill presented by me was not particularly
mine, hut more the work of my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Horton,] in which we have all cordially
agreed. It will again be presented, perhaps
slightly modified in form, in order to suit all the
members of the House who object to the " legal
tender" clause.
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is all powerful in sneers. If he is not that,
he is not anything. We all know how difficult it
is to refute a sneer. But however amusing such
things may be, they are not arguments. He ad-
mits that if his project does not succeed, and if
any other project shall pass without making these
notes a legal tender, our Treasury notes will go
down to seventy-five per cent., and possibly to
sixty per cent. Now what does that disclose?
Why, it discloses that there is to be a fictitious
value of twenty-five per cent., and then.of forty
per cent. Now, is it worse to cheat the soldier
and the country in that insidious form, by giving
currency to what you call a dollar, but which will
not purchase more than seventy-five or sixty cents'
worth of property? I prefer the honest and straight-
forward way of doing business, that whenever our
curiency shall depreciate it shall be seen and known
of all men. But I do believe that if we take the
course proposed by this substitute, we shall sus-
tain our credit, i do not believe that the Treas-
ury notes will fall much, if any, below par, if our
substitute shall he adopted and then supported as
we propose, by a proper tax bill.
Then, sir, what becomes of the cry of" sharks"
and"brokers?" I do not pretend to legislate for
sharks and brokers; but when it comes to that
point, I say that there are more sharks and brok-
ers engaged on the other side, by one half, atleast,
than are engaged in sustaining the currency at its
specie standatd.
In regard to the Bank of England, I do not think
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania made what
may be called a fair statement. What are the
facts? By its recent charter the Bank of England
is allowed to issue an amount of notes just equal
to its capita], <£14,000,000, or §70,000,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HICKMAN. The only question, Mr.
Chairman, which I have ever had with reference
to this bill, has not been a question as to the powers
of Congress, but as to the policy of the enactment.
I would myself have preferred that this bill had
followed the tax bill. 1 would have preferred that,
before the credit of the Government had been tried
to that extent, the basis of that credit should have
been exhibited to the country. Before I take my
neighbor's note, I should require him to show me
on what his credit rests; of what his capital con-
sists. I have, therefore, had great doubt as to the
propriety of voting for this bill as it stands at this
time. But being assured by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means that the Treas-
ury,and,perhaps, the Administration, regard this
as a governmental necessity, I am disposed to
waive the question of propriety or expediency,
and to vote for it as a necessity, having no doubt
about the right. That clause of the Constitution
which gives to the Government the right to coin
money and to regulate the value thereof is, to my
mind, conclusive of the great question that has
been raised in this House. "To coin money."
It does not say to "coin gold or silver money."
It does not indicate of what the material shall con-
sist, which is to be regarded as money. It might
be gold or silver or copper or brass or iron, at the
pleasure of the Government. In other words, it is
not demanded that the thing itself, which shall be
coined as money, shall have any intrinsic value.
The coining of money is merely impressing upon
that which is designed to be circulating medium
the mark of the sovereign, indicating the will of
the sovereign that it shall be received in the ex-
igencies of trade and commerce at the stated value.
And that mark of the sovereign, indicating the
will of the sovereign, may justas well be impressed
