1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
upon paper as upon gold and silver. Nothing else
can be made outof the Constitution in this regard.
According to the arguments which have been
adduced against this bill, the Constitution should
have been made to read: Congress, or the Gov-
ernment, shall have power to coin gold and silver
money according to their intrinsic value." Why,
sir, the Government is not restricted as to mate-
rial out of which it may make money; is not re-
stricted as to the metal that shall be adopted as
money; it has perfect power to adoptiron as well
as any other metallic basis; and if any other metal,
why not paper? Why not impress upon paper
the mark of the sovereign indicating the will of
the sovereign as to the value at which it shall
be received, and make it a circulating medium,
there being nothing in the Constitution to restrict
us in this necessary exercise of sovereign power,
without which no Government can carry on its
operations, without which no Government could
exist?
1 have no doubt whatever in regard to the right
of Congress to pass this bill, and I am therefore
willing to vote for it upon the ground that it is a
necessity at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move, pro forma, to strike
out, after the word " public,M the words "and
private."
Mr. Chairman, I have endeavored for a day or
two to obtain the floor for the purpose of express-
ing my views a little more at length than I can in
the five minutes to which I am now limited; but,
by an arrangement between the Chair and the
Committee of Ways and Means, my purpose has
been thwarted.
I will now simply say in regard to the question
of constitutionality that there has not been a ic-
spectable argument advanced in defense of the con-
stitutionality of this bill; and, inasmuch as great
talent and eminent ability have been brought to bear
upon it, I take it that no respectable argument can
be made in vindication of the constitutionality of
this bill. I would admit the plea of necessity, if
I believed it; and i think it is more manly to con-
fess, as Jefferson did, that the thing was neces-
sary, but unconstitutional, than it is to attempt
to torture the Constitution into the support of a
measure which everybody musf sec to be uncon-
stitutional.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in regard to the general
idea of the bill, it is a mere fallacy. The whole
argument used in favor of the issue of these legal
tender notes is based upon precisely the same
foundation as the old theological dogma, crede ut
edes, et edes—believe that you eat the real ilesh of
Christ in the wafei, and you do eat it. Behove
that this piece of paper is a five dollar gold piece,
and it is a five dollar gold piece; believe it is worth
five dollars, and it is worth live dollars.
Now, sir, I am prepared to state that it is not
m the power of this Congress, nor in the power
of any legislative body, to accomplish an impos-
sibility in making something out of nothing The
piece of paper you stamp as five dollars is not five
dollars, and it never will be unless it is eonveii-
ible into a live dollai gold piece; and to proft-ss that
it is, is simply adelusion andafallacy. You may
say oven by legislative enactment that sixty or
eighty or even ninety-nine cents area hundred,
but the rigid, inexoiablo digits will stand fixed and
immovable by your legislative legerdemain.
Mr. Chairman, we are urged by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to pass
this bill, because rum is before the Government if
we do not pass it. It reminds me very forcibly
of Cowper's Needless Alarm. 1 cannot undei take
to give it in rhyme, but I will give the subsrance
of it. You will remember that, hearing the deep
baying of the hounds, and the sound ot the hun-
ter's horn, the sheep coursed round and round the
field, until the frightened flock came to the brink of
a precipice, and to get away from the hounds and
huntsmen the pater gregis advised them thus:
" 1 hold it, therefore, widest, and inn-t fit
TJiat life to s.ive we leap into the pit."
The matron of the flock, more discreet than her
spouse, replies:
" How.? leap into the pit our life to >ave ?
To save oar lite leap ali into the giavv 555
Sir, there is no precipice, there is no chasm, j
there is no possible, yawning bottomless gulf I
before this nation so terrible, so appalling, so I
ruinous, as this same bill that is before us, and
that it is proposed to pass under the pressure of
these influences brought to bear upon it.
You issue $100,000,000 of those notes. The
gentleman tells us they are already due. We have
got to pay the paper out almost before we can
make it. It has taken us six months to manufac-
ture $50,000,000, and we cannot manufacture itas
fast as we shall spend it at that rate; so that when
we haveissued §100,000,000 we mustissue another
$100,000,000,and then anotherglOO,000,000. And
thus we plunge from lower depth to still lower,
till we are buried in an ocean of inconvertible pa-
per. At every step your paper will depreciate
mote and more, until the expenses of the war will
swell to such an appalling sum that redemption
will be impossible and repudiation inevitable.
Facilis deoccnsus Averni, &c., which means it is
easy to slide clown hill, but very hard work to
draw the sled back over smooth i«e. But the ques-
tion is pressed: what will you do? What do you
propose? I propose this:
First, adequate taxation, if need be, to the ex-
tent of $200,000,000,
Second. Adopt legislation that shall compel all
banking institutions to do business on a specie
basis. Every piece of paper that claimed to be
money, but was not, I would chase back to the man
or corporation that forged it, and visit upon the
criminal the penalties of the law. I would not
allow a bank note to circulate that was not con-
stantly, conveniently, and certainly convertible
into specie.
Thirdly, 1 would i^sue interest-paying bonds of
the United States, and go into the market and
borrow money and pay the obligations of the Gov-
ernment. This would be honest, business-like,
and in the end economical. This could be done.
Other channels of investment are blocked up, and
capital would seek the bonds for investment.
This is, in substance, what I propose. This
would bring us through the war poor indeed, for
half the nation has to support the other half, but
with the health and vigor of the athlete, and not
with the bloated flesh of the beer guzzler. Did I
not know that the passage of this bill was a fore-
gone conclusion, [ would move to recommit with
instructions to that effect.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 ask permission to go on for
a few minutes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. .STEVENS. 1 think we had better confine
ourselves to the rule, or we shall never get through
with this bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it is very courteous
in the gentleman, after 1 gave him an hour when
it was in my power to have prevented him.
Mr. llOSCOE CONKL1NG. I am glad to
have the floor to oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, chiefly for the purpose
of saying that I concur in every word he says;
and especially do i concur with him in that por-
tion of his remarks in which he expresses his as-
tonishment that this debate, upon a measute winch
is to be so lasting in its effects upon our history,
has been allowed to close without argument, with-
out pretext of solid argument by any member in
favor of the constitutionality of the one feature of
this bill.
It was well said by the gentleman from Ver-
mont that the chairman of the Committee of Ways j
and Means js mighty in sneers; and as he devoted i
one or two of them to me, I want, with great
respect, to set him right upon two or three matters
of fact. 1 want to say to him, in the first plaee,
that, defective as may be the proposition which
I presented after a gi eat deal of thought, it is not
defective because of the facts which he states.
The gentleman said the Bank of England had
made us notes a legal tender. Sir, I deny it.
Never, sir, never were the notes of the Bank of |
England a legal tender. What did Pai hament do?
The notes of the Bank of England, while the Bank
of England paid specie, were made a legal tender i
by a lucent statute as between—whom? The party
issuing the notes and others? No, sir, never;
but as between thiid persons. Rut by statute of
George, like the revised statute of the State of New
York, and of all the States I presume, the notes
| of the Bank of England were a good tender un-
i less they were objected to because gold was more
profitable. These are the only provisions relat-
ing to the notes of the Bank of England, except
one. By the statute of George, he who refused
to take for a debt a note of the Bank of England
when offered, could not pursue to jail or dungeon
the man who offered it. Imprisonment for debt
was lifted from that case. In every other respect
the debt stood, and it stands now; and so far as
England is concerncd, this is the only measure
upon which such an attempt is to be made.
One more remark. I have said that I agreed
with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.]
Rarely have 1 heard him, or other gentlemen,
utter remarks with which I so fully agree. I a°ree
with some other gentlemen who said that this'bill
was a legislative declaration of national bank-
ruptcy. I agree with still another gentleman, who
said that we were following, at an humble and a
disgraceful distance, the confederate government,
as it is called, which has setup the example of
making paper a legal tender, and punishing with
death those who deny the propriety of the propo-
sition.
Insolvency, sir, is ruin and dissolution; and I
believe in passing this bill, as was said by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,]
we are to realize the Fiench proposition about
virtue—that it is the first step that costs. Another
and another and another$106,000,000ofthis issue
will follow. I believe, sir, that we arc plunging
into an abyss from which there are to be no re-
suscitation and resurrection.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. IIOOPER. I move apro formaamendment.
The opponents of this biil,in the discussion of
it, have represented itas substituting paperissued
by the Government for the coined money which,
they say, is now the currency of the country.
Every intelligent man knows that coined money
is not the cunency of the country, and that the
real point at issue is, whether the Government
shall depend on the iiredeemable and depreciated
notes of suspended banks, and use them as the
medium m which to pay us debts to contractors
and soldiers and others, or whether it shall make
use of a paper issue of its own, based on, and
convertible into the bonds of the Government,
payable in twenty yeai s, with interest, at theiatc
of six per centum per annum, in gold and silver.
To strike out the legal tender clause from this
bill would make it useless to the Secretary of the
Treasury, because many of the banks now refuse
to receive and pay out the demand notes; the ef-
fect, therefore, of issuing an additional amount,
without making them all a legal tender, would
be that the contractors and others who might re-
ceive these notes for debts duo them from the
Government, must sell the notes at the best rate
they can obtain in the currency of suspended
bank notes, or use them as a security to pledge
for loans in suspended bank notes.
No one here supposes for one moment that
these Government notes will be sold for coined
money, or that coined money will be borrowed
on them.
It is fair to suppose that the opponents of the
Administration well understand that this would
be the effect of accepting the amendment.to strike
out the legal tender clause from the bill; and that
their object, while they talk about coined money
to deceive some of our friends, is to oblige the
Government to give up the sub-Treasury, and to
use for its payments the depieciated notes of the
suspended banks; thereby flooding the whole coun-
try with those irredeemable notes, and producing,
m time, a state of financial confusion and distress
that would ruin any Administration. The pro-
posed issue of Government notes guards against
this effect of inflating the currency by the provis-
ion to convert them into Government bonds, the
principal and interest of which, as before stated,
are payable in specie.
Mr. STEVENS. We have, I think, had debate
enough on this proposition, and are all ready to
vote. I move, therefore, that the committee rise,
in order to close debate on this amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask unanimous consent to
say a few words in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVENS. I decline to withdraw my
motion that the committee rise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope, then, that motion
will be defeated.
