2674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
choose; we may try them, convict them, and ex-
ecutfV therri for treason, if we choose; or we may
extend te them an amnesty and pardon for all
past offenses, and restore them to the rights of
citizenship, if we choose. Whether we will do
the one or the other, must remain for subsequent
decision;- now is not the time either to discuss or
decide it. It is enough to say that while the war
lasts, whether it is illegal or not, it is wholly and
totally impracticable to capture men as prisoners
of war on the field of battle, and hand them over
to the civil authorities to be tried and hung as
traitors. And whenever we inaugurate that sys-
tem, it will become the most futhless war of ex-
termination on t>oth sides thatever astonished the
world; for when we hangBuckner they, of course,
will retaliate; and when they have retaliated, can
we submit? We must follow that up by retalia-
tion, and. so it will continue until not one man,
whatever his position, character, or standing, or
whatever his value to the country may be, who,
by the vicissitudes and casualties of war, has be-
come a prisoner in the hands of the opposing
party, would be left. They would all, all fall
sacrifices to the spirit of relentless vengeance, for
it would be nothing else than a gratification of
feelings of revenge.
I do not look upon Bucktier as of any more
value than hundreds and perhaps thousands of
other men who are in our hands as prisoners to-
day; but this resolution is interposed, I appre-
hend, for the reason that there is an effort being
made atthis very time to effectuate the exchange of
Buckner for some of our own officers and men who
have been captured in war. It is the best use we
can make of him. If by his release we can obtain
the release of some of our own officers and men,
we shall have derived from hitn more of valuable
service than we ever did before or ever shall again.
It is the very best possible use to which he can
be put, and it is the only use to which we can put
him that will be of any value to us, unless it may
be that if he remains a prisoner until the war
closes, or if we can catch him again after lie is
turned loose, if he shall be, he may be tried and
convicted. 1 do not know that he will be turned
loose; I do not know that it is the intention toex-
change him. I know there is an effort being made
to exchange him for some of the lllinoisand Ohio
troops who were captured at Pittsburg Landing.
I do not know that the exchange will be effected.
I do not know that it is (lie purpose of the Govern-
ment to give him up; but if it is, and he shall be
turned loose, let the civil authorities of Kentucky
catch him, if they can. If they can get hold of
him, the military authority will have nothing to
do with him. They have a right to get him at any
time and any place where they can find him, and
bring him before their courts, try hnn for his trea-
son,and punish him for his treason; or if ho shall
still be in the country when the war is at an end,
he may be arrested anywhere that he can be
found, and given over to be dealt with for the
crimes that arc charged upon him.
I trust, Mr. President, that no such resolution
as this will be adopted; that no such innovation
will be sanctioned by the Senate as will be intro-
duced by the passage of this resolution. It would
be of the most dangerous and fatal tendency.
Mr. LATHAM. This is a proposition which
has just been introduced this morning; it is a very
importantone, and I know that a number of Sen-
ators around me are not prepared to vote on the
resolution this morning, and would much prefer
that it should go over. I therefore move that all
prior orders be suspended, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
364, being the Pacific railroad bill, which was
set down for one o'clock. It is now near that
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone all prior orders, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 364.
Mr. HALE. Can he make both motions in
one? Will it not require another vote to take up
that bill, if the prior orders are postponed? J
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usual practice |
has been to put both motions in one; buttheques-
tion may be divided.
Mr. HALE. That was not the practice some
years a^o.
Tile VICE PRESIDENT. I think the prac-
tice lias usually been to put it as one question;
but it has been sometimes divided, and it can be
now if any Senator asks for a division.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow mo to
introduce a bill for the purpose of reference, I shall
not object. The morning hour has been used up
in this discussion.
Mr. LATHAM. - "Very well.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 350) to
repeal an act entitled "An act to prevent and pun-
ish fraud on the part of officers intrusted with the
making of contracts for the Government," ap-
proved June 2,1862; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained,leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 351) supplementary to the act for the
release of certain persons held to service or labor
in the District of Columbia, approved April 16,
1862; which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
THE ASIIBURTON TREATY.
Mr. SATJLSBURY. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Seeretaiy of State be intruded to
inform the Senate what amount of money has been paid by
the United States to the States ofMaine and Massachusetts,
for yielding tiieir assent, under the Ashburton treaty estab-
lishing the boundary between the United States and the
British po.^cssions hi Ameiica, and to what use said money
was to he applied ; also what lias been done with the money
stipulated to*be paid foi the benefit of certain individuals
foi timber taken hy the subjects of Great Britain hom certain
lands desoubed in said treaty; if the same ha> been paid ;
whether said money has been paid by Great Ihitaiti; and
if the same has not been paid, why u has not been paid.
There is a little bill which has been sent to us
from the House of Representatives having con-
nection with this subject; and I desire to have this
information before us when we act on that bill.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
OliDEIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LATHAM. I renew my motion to take
up the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. HOWE. I fuel under an obligation to ask
the Senator from California or the Senate not to
take that bill up until a vote can be taken on the
bill which was before the Senate yesterday. I
simply wish that this motion should be deferred
or withdrawn, if the Senator will consent to it,
until the Senate can take a vote on the bill which
was before the Senate yesterday when it went
into executive session.
Mr. LATHAM. I cannot do that. That bill
can be taken up at any time in the morning hour.
I prefer going on now with the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of the Chair if
the bill alluded to by the Senator from Wisconsin
does not come up as unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That hill was up
before in the morning hour, and if there had been
nothing before the Senate in the morning hour it
would have come up again.
Mr. CLARK. It was not up in the morning
hour. The bill for the relief of Lieutenant Grant
was laid aside when the Senate went into execu-
tive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution sub-
mitred by the Senator from Kentucky is before
the Senate, and that is the question the Senator
from California moves to postpone.
Mr. LATHAM. I make the motion to post-
pone all prior orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate should
dispose of the resolution introduced by the Sena-
tor fiom Kentucky, then the bill for the relief of
Lieutenant Grant would come up in its order.
Mr. CLARK. Docs it come up at one o'clock
as the unfinished business of yesterday, and dis-
possess the resolution of the Senator from Ken-
tucky? That js the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
right. At one o'clock the unfinished business of
ytslerdav, the bill alluded to by the Senatorfroui
Wisconsin, comes up.
Mr. LATHAM. I make the motion that all
prior orders, this bill included, be postponed, and
that the Pacific railroad bill be taken up.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator that wc
can dispose of this bill in a few minutes, and then
he can take up his bill without difficulty.
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection to allow
a vote to be taken upon it, if it will not lead to
discussion.
Mr. CLARK. I think we can pass it in a
minute or two. It is a small pi ivate bill, and will
take but a moment or two to get rid of it.
Mr. LATHAM. Well, 1 have no objection,
if the vote can be talcen upon it without causing
debate.
ULYSSES S. GRANT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R- No. 354) for the relief of Lieutenant
Ulysses S. Grant.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. POSTER. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,} who takes quite an interest in
this bill, and at whose instance it was postponed,
happens to be out at this moment, and I think it
would be unfair to crowd this bill through hastily
now. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. There has been, to my mind,
no explanation of the reason why this claim re-
mained from the time it accrued to the petitioner
until now—none whatever. It must have been
charged to him at the Department in his account
and deducted from his pay, and it would not have
been suffered to lie during the length of time that
has intervened without some reason that can be
given. None has been given. Without some ex-
planation, I shall vote against the granting of the
petition and against the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I will say but a word or two.
The papers show that this claim was up in 1852
and 1853, and no advevse report has ever been
made against it. The Senate must be aware how
easy it is, by suggestions of tins kind; to put off
a claim from one session to another. Sometimes
they go through one House and fail in the other,
and then they go through the other House and
fail m this. I can state to the Senate instances of
claims of a similar character that were due as long
ago as 1840 and 1842, to which there seems to be
no objection; and I think this Senate has passed
one at this session which dated back to 3^34 or
1S35—a perfectly just and valid claim, to which
there was no objection made in this Senate, but
to which objections might be made such as are
made now by my colleague to this bill. Whatis
the reason this has not been presented before?
We cannot know; but we do know, upon the
proof presented, that the claim seems to be a just
one. We have a great many precedents for allow-
ing exactly such claims, and 1 think there is no
precedent where a claim like this has been refused.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 wish to ask the Senator
a question: whether there is any report accom-
panying this bill stating the ground upon which
the allowance was to be made.
Mr. CLARK. There was a report made in
the House of Representatives, which was read to
the Senate yesterday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How much is the allow-
ance ?
Mr. CLARK. They allow about a thousand
dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. Does that include interest?
Mr. CLARK. It includes no interest. The
committee allow $1,000; and I think it is a just
claim.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bi owning, Chandler, Clark,
Ouwan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Ginnes, Iiarm, Hender-
son, flowaidj ffowc, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Morrill, Ne^inuh. Pomeiov, Powell, Saulsbury, Simmons,
Stark, Tiuinbull, Willev, VVxImot, and Wilson of Missouri
—27.
NAYS—Me^rs. C'dlanier, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Uailan, King, Ten Ejck, and Wri^iu—9.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the fol-
> lowing bills of the Senate without amendment:
| A bill (No. 193) to repeal that part of an act of
J Congress that prohibits the circulation of bank
| notes of a less denomination than five dollars in the
| District of Columbia; and
' A bill (No. 279) providing for the selection of
