APP'ENDIX TO THE CONGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2(5,
37th Qono....2d Sess.
Confiscation, of Rebel Property—Mr, Ely.
Ho. of Reps.
a war necessary, which even now protracts it, and
which makes it impossible to predict the term in
which it wiil end. The enemy betrays no loss
of heart or hope, under his total expulsion from
two States, under a rigid blockade, which entails
the loss of commerce and destroys the cultivation
of his great agricultural staples, and under the loss
of harbors, forts, and sea-ports, ending with the
loss of the chief seat of his financial strength—
opulent and populous New Orleans. The inva-
sions to which the seceding States have been sub-
jected, extending even to northern Alabama and
Mississippi, thepartial loss ofTennessee, (includ-
ing Us beautiful capital on the Cumberland river,)
the conscriptions which their people have suf-
fered, the robbery inflicted upon them by the en-
forced circulation of a worthless paper currency,
and,finally,tliedemand made upon them thatthey
shall destroy their own most valued property by
conflagration,have all been borne without, as yet,
any outward manifestation that their adhesion is
yet shaken to a cause which has brought them
nothing but privation, misery, death on the bat-
tle-field, or still more lingering de&th in hospitals,
and which threatens them with a starvation which
will reach even their firesides and families.
It is too plain that arebellion having such power
to sustain itself against the vast exertions of the
nation, and still obstinate under such an accumu-
lation of self-inflicted calamities, must be stimu-
lated by some cause of extraordinary power, and
my own judgment is most clear that we can never
hope to subdue it except by the adoption of some
new line of policy. We have tried armies and
navies, and can hope for no greater displays of
endurance and successful courage than have al-
ready been given by our brave soldiers and sail-
ois. A new icmedy is needed fora disease which
has so far baffled everything which has been tried,
and this new remedy is to be found in a states-
manship which shall comprehend the true char-
acter of the unnatural disorder with which we are
contending.
We must, in the first place, adopt a system of
measures which will countervail the policy of pun-
ishment and terror by which the rebel leaders
coerce unanimity among their people. They men-
ace and they execute the confiscation of all the
property of those who fail in allegiance to thcir
guilty cause, and even of those who seek to avoid
the hazards of civil war by absence in foreign coun-
tries. They make no exceptions and grant no
exemptions. From the very commencement of
this war they have evinced no hesitation or weak-
ness on that point. They know how powerful a
motive the threatened loss of property is, and they
have availed themselves of it to the uttermost.
They have tolerated no enemies, and even no neu-
trals in their midst. They have said by the lan-
guage of their statutes, and of their execution of
those statutes, that every body within their exterior
lines must choose, between adhesion to the rebel
cause and being stripped of every species of prop-
erty. As yet we have had no countervailing pol-
icy1 but have suffered the continuance, even to this
day, of a condition of things which makes it the
interest of every man at the South who has a dol-
lar to lose to cast his fortunes with the rebel dy-
nasty. It is on that side that safety Jies, because
wo have provided no efficient and practical penal-
ties against rebellion.
"We have laws which make treason a capital
offense, but nobody anywhere expects to see such
laws executed against millions of people. There
is practical, personal immunity for those at the
South who join against us m this struggle, while
those there who might be inclined to join withus
are detemd from doing so by punishments not
less sternly executed than sternly menaced.
In the next place, we must strike at the great
cause of this rebellion by a punishment which wil I
reach the motives which prompted it, and which
now, more than all things else, give it unity and
efficiency. It is a rebellion in the interest of the
institution of slavery. It was started simply and
solely because that institution had encountered a
political check in the result of a presidential elec-
tion, rendering it doubtful ifitssehemes ofuniver-
sality and perpetuity could be realized within the
Union, and determining its managers to seek their
ends in a new confederacy outside of the Union.
To. men acting upon motives like that, no threat-
ened punishment will be so appropriate and so
efficientas that of the liberation of theirslaves alto-
gether, if they shall persist in their career of re-
bellion. It meets them at the very point upon
which their interests and thoir passions are con-
centrated, and warns them that if they seek the
aggrandizementofapeculiar institutionat the cost
of our peace and nationality, they do so at the
hazard, if they fail, of losing the institution alto-
gether.
Nor will this punishment be less effective in
weakening the strength of the rebellion than in
counteracting the motives which stimulate it. It
is slavery which has induced these men to rebel;
so, also, it is slavery which has enabled them to
sustain their rebellion so obstinately. It is by the
hands of slaves that these multiplied intrench-
ments are erected, which meet us at every point
of our progress. It is slaves who perform all the
duties of the enemy's camp, and in instances not
few, it is by slaves that his artillery is worked
against our brave soldiers. But above all, it is by
the labor of slaves that agriculture, the basis of
southern society, is maintained, while the whole
white population is left disposable for military
service. It is this which has enabled the rebellion
to keep on foot armies so vast. It is because the
slave has worked, while the master has fought,
that the South may almost be said to have demon-
strated the capacity to wage perpetual war with-
out exhaustion. And it is thus that to deprive
rebels of their slaves is to deprive them of a re-
source without which rebellion cannot be sus-
tained.
If it is expedient to dissuade men from lebel-
lion by the menace of the practical punishment
of confiscation if they persist in it, and if it is ex-
pedient to reduce them to subjection by cutting off
the great source of their strength, our constitu-
tional power to do both things, as proposed by
the two bills reported by the gentleman Irom Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] from the select commit-
tee of this House, is most ample, while the mo-
tives we have to exercise ihatpovvei are multiplied
and urgent.
War has no other rule than the rule of the strong-
est. It is a condition of violence, in which each
party seeks the destruction of the other. The law
of nations subjects lives and property, private and
public, to the will of the victor; and whatever of
either life or property is spared, is spared from
motives of clemency or policy. This is a harsh
description of the rights of war, and it is because
" giim-vtsnged war" can truly be described in no
other way. War signifies blood, wounds, and
death, the conflagration of towns and the devasta-
tion of fields.
Domestic or civil war stands upon the same
footing in respect to its rights as foreign war, ac-
cording to the uniform opinion of publicists, and
all sound reasoning tends to thesame conclusion.
It is the same trial of strength, and presents the
same alternative of conquering or being conquered.
Domestic war frequently furnishes more motives
to severity, and more moral justification for it,
than foreign war. Domestic war cannot be waged
without the violation by one party to it of the pe-
culiar political and social obligations which mem-
bers of the same community owe to each other.
How preeminently true is that of the rebellious
party to the unnatural and causeless strife now
going on in this country ! If it was permitted to
man to execute the judgments of Heaven, with
what terrible thunderbolts do its authors deserve
to be stricken down !
It is in vain to say that the struggle in which
we are engaged is not war. Which of the cir-
cumstances that define war is wanting in the pic-
ture which current events present to us ? Are not
vast armies on foot, and do not vast navies ride
the seas? Does not every day bring its fearful
tales of battles, of skirmishes, of surprises, of the
investment of towns, and of the surrender of forts?
Is not the press filled with lists of killed and
wounded and of prisoners ? Do we not hear con-
stantly of exchanges.of prisoners, of flags of truce,
ot the paroling of officers and men, and of armis-
tices for the purpose of burying the dead ? If this
is peace, what is war?
I have spoken of the absolute rights of war, but
u W short of the full exercise of those rights
these bills go will be apparent from an inspection
of them. They do not touch either life, limb, or
liberty. They sell nobody into captivity. They
only reach property, and of those only who, after
fair warning, shall persist in armed rebellion, or
in aiding and abetting armed Rebellion. And they
respect and preserve all just claims upon the prop-
erty of creditors who are themselves loyal. Is it
possible to frame bills with more tenderness for
all collateral interests consistently with making
them at all effective for any good object?
This bill emancipates the slaves of persistent
lebels. Most clearly such rebels are entitled to
no rights whatever, and least of all to the right of
dominion over others. That is itself an odious
right exercised by sufferance, and only by those
who keep themselves within the law. It is by the
law that slavery is maintained, and when alle-
giance to the law is thrown off, all parties are re-
mitted to the equality of nature. When the master
becomes a rebel, the slave becomes free. It js
only this obvious deduction of sound logic which
these bills embody in legal phrase.
There is no foundation whatever for denouncing
these bills as cruel and inhuman. One would sup-
pose, from hearing these denunciations, that we
were floating on the smooth and summer sea of
peace. And yet we are in the midst of war, taking
the lives or mangling the bodies and limbs of
rebels whom we encounter in battle, without in-
quiring whether they are in the ranks against us
by their own free consent, or by duress and con-
scription. We perform all the stern duties and
exercise all the stern lights of war when we deal
with life and limb. It is only when it is proposed
lo deal with property that we become suddenly
tender; and many suspicious circumstances in-
dicate that this tenderness for property in general
is a mere cover for a tenderness for a peculiar
species of property, which itself exists only by a
perpetual denial of the rights of human nature.
We never hear of wives made widows, or of chil-
dren made orphans, by slaughter in battle, as a
reason against war upon the rebellion. It is only
when it is proposed to confiscate liie propeity of
rebels that the sufferings of families are portrayed,
as if poverty was woisc than widowhood or or-
phanage, and as if poverty was not the ordinary
accompaniment of both.
It is only by the confiscation of the property of
those who shall persist in rebellion that society
can be organized upon a loyal basis at the South,
after the military resistance of the rebellion shall
have been put down. Great as is the task of sub-
duing that resistance, the task is perhaps greater,
and ceitainly it is equally indispensable, to secure
the futurequietof the region now torn and tossed
by this tempest of political passions. It is essen-
tial, not only to the security of the Union, but to
the safety of the friends of the Union, few or
many, at the South, that the disloyal element
should be shorn of its power of future mischief.
Those may well be called malignant rebels who
remain inofficial position under the rebel dynasty
after the passage of these bills, or who, not hold-
ing official position, shall continue, for the space
of sixty days after a proclamation from the Pres-
ident, to be in arms, either as principals or abet-
tors, against the Government. It is against such
dusjuiptionsof persons that these bills are aimed.
It is such men against whom the penalty of con-
fiscation is demanded. It is not safe to leave them
m the enjoyment of the property which gives them
the influence and power which they have used to
piungeus into the untold calamities of this war.
It will be suicidal folly to do so, and it is con-
trary to the uniform judgment and experience of
mankind. There never was a civil war in which
the victors felt secure while the conquered were
left in the possession of their estate.
Those whose pride is wounded by an incura-
ble smart, must be deprived of the means of fu-
ture vengeance. Safety lies in no other policy.
The Norman conquest of England was made per-
manent by a change of the titles of nearly all the
realestateof ihekirigdom—an example of severity
which goes far beyond the requirements of the
present case, or what is hero proposed. The great
French Revolution acquired its enduring strength
from the transfer of the estates of the Church and
the emigrating noblesse. Our own ancestors did
not think that they had thoroughly severed that
Biitish connection,against which the Declaration
