1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
37th Cong...,2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Ely.
Ho, 03? Reps.
of Independence was aimed, untiL they had de-
prived those who adhered to the British Crown of
every dollar of personal property, and especially
o£ every acre of land which they held in the coun-
try. The statute-books of every one of theStates,
during the Revolution, are full of acts of confisca-
tion. It is to-day the policy of most of the States
to confine the privilege of owning land to citizens,
and to deny it to aliens, even of nationalities with
which we are at peace. This policy is adopted
upon the theory that real estate ought not to be
owned by those who may become enemies. With
what infinitely greater foVce docs that apply to
those who are already our enemies, and who are
sure to break out into new hostilities, if we leave
them the means of recuperating their strength.
The men who have instigated this rebellion,
not upon the impulse of a day, but as the cul-
mination of passions which have been nursed for
a generation, and which have not merely become
as enduring as life, but which will be transmitted
as an heir-loom of hate from father to son, are
the great land barons of the South. They have
nursed their pride in stately mansions, and by
the contemplation of broad acres. They will never
forgive or forget the grief of the defeat which is
impending over them. They never can or will
become truly loyal; and if we leave them in pos-
session of the estates which Jiave made them
powerful, it is impossible that the South will be
m our day anything but a slumbering political
volcano, liable at any moment to belch forth
smoke and fire and devastating lava.
The condition of the Union men of the South
will be deplorable indeed, if this war is so term-
inated as to leave the rebels in the control of that
section of the country, as they will be left, if
measures of confiscation are not passed and en-
forced. In that event, nothing awaits these Union
men but an eternal proscription, political and so-
cial, infinitely worse in degree than if the rebellion
had been finally successful. Less clemency is to
be hoped for fiom the rebels, smarting with de-
feat, than if mollified by victory. Baffled in their
attempts to overthrow the Government, it is with
ledoubled fury that they will turn upon their
neighbors who have adhered to the Government.
The Union men of the South understand this
W--1I. They know that they cannot live in the
same community with the leaders of this rebellion;
that expulsion is the certain fate of one party or
of the other, and that if the rebels escape punish-
ment and retain their estates, no other fate re-
mains to themselves but exile, if they are even
fortunate enough to get off with then' lives. If
this is a hard alternative, it is one of the results
of the fierce animosities of civil war, and let the
forfeit be paid, not by the innocent, but by the
guilty. To spare the rebel is to punish the loyal;
and that lias as little of the quality of mercy as it
has of the quality of justice. Like all mistaken
mercy, it is cruelty to those that deserve to be
protected.
Sir, while I believe that strict justice and sound
policy equally call for severe and stringent meas-
ures against the leaders and master spirits of this
rebellion, 1 would avoid an indiscriminate punish-
ment of the less guilty masses who may have
participated in it. Many have been dragged into
U by force of circumstances beyond their control,
while many others have been ignorantly led into
it by crafty men, who have deceived their intel-
lects and perverted their moral perceptions by
gross falsehoods and base appeals to their worst
passions and prejudices. To such I would hold
out every inducement to retrace the false steps
which they have taken, and return to their alle-
giance. I wouldadopta policy toward them tend-
ing to remove then* false prejudices against the
Federal Government and the people of the loyal
States, and to reclaim and reform them as far as
possible, and not to exasperate and embitter them
against us. I would teach them to look upon
their rebellious leaders as their wost enemies and
persecutors, who have wickedly plunged them
into an abyss of misery and woe, and to regard
the Federal Government as their true friend and
protector. Thousands of them are yearning for
the freedom, the happiness, security, and pros-
perity which they have insanely cast away. I
would teach them to look to the restoration of the
Union, and the reestabiishment of the authority
of the Federal Government throughout their ter-
ritory, as the basis of their only hope for regain-
ing any portion of the inestimable blessings which
they have thus madly thrown away.
In short, I would docverything inmy power to
build up a Union party throughout the rebellious
States, numerous and strong enough to seize the
reins of political power there,and wield it for the
restoration and preservation of our once glorious
Union. Unless this can be accomplished, the con-
test m which we are engaged is indeed a hopeless
one. We may conquertheentircSouth,lay waste
her fair fields, and desolate her homes by our supe-
rior numbers, resources, and military prowess;
but if the great mass of the inhabitants of that vast
territory arc to remain our enemies, with bitter
hatred against the Union and the people of the
loyal States perpetually rankling in their hearts,
the cost of enforcing and maintaining the author-
ity of the Federal Government over them will be
greater than we can bear; and, besides, there will
be no national object in maintaining it. We must
build up a true Union party in the'South, and in
my judgment the policy which will most tend to
accomplish that result may be expressed in these
words: severity towards the leaders and master
spirits of the rebellion, and leniency towards the
less enlightened and less guilty masses, who shall
manifesia disposition to lay down thearmsof their
rebellion and return to their allegiance.
In closing this summary of the reasons which
call upon us now to pass an efficient measure of
confiscation, I will quote the language of eminent
writers upon the law of nations, upon the nature
and object of the power to confiscate the property
of enemies, in order that it may be seen how com-
pletely applicable it is to our present situation.
Says Grotius:
<4In war wo have u right lo deprive the enemy of his
possessions, of anything winch may augment lus Miength,
and enable; him to make war. Whenever wo h.ive an op-
poitunitv, we seize an enemy's propeuy, and eonveit it
to our own use, and thus diminish hi* power and augment
our own, and obtain at least a paitial indemnification foi
what constitutes the subject ot the war, or lor expense* or
looses incurred in its picwcution ; in a woid, we do our-
selves juMice."
In the language of Professor Martin:
"The conqueior ha* a liirht to seize on the properly of
the enemy, whether movable or immovable. This may he
done: 1. In ordei to obtain what may be demanded to be
due. Q To force the enemy to an equitable pence. 3 To
defray the expenses of the war. 4. To deter him, or, by
reducing lus strength, to hinder him, ftom repeating in fu-
tuie the injuries winch have been I he cause of the war.
And with this object in view, a Power at war has a right
to destroy the possessions and property of the enemy lor
the express purpose of doing him ini&cJnef."
If indemnity for the expenses of a war maybe
sought in the property of an enemy, when more
justly than in this war, brought upon us without
the color of justification, and entailing expendi-
tures so unparalleled? If confiscation is justifi-
able in order to " force the enemy to an equitable
peace," when more so than now, when six hun-
dred thousand of our citizens, sufferings the hard-
ships of the camp, are eager to return once more
to their families and firesides, whenever they can
do so with the conviction that their patriotic ob-
ject is accomplished> If in dealing with an enemy
it is lawful so to conduct as to hinder him from
repeating in future the injuries" we have suffered,
in respect to what enemy can it be more so than
one in our very midst?
If, then, all fair considerations point to the con-
clusion that persistent rebels should be punished
by the deprivation of their estates, and by the
emancipation of their slaves, and if the power so
to punish them belongs to this Government, in
what branch of it does it reside? Is it an exec-
utive or a legislative power? Undoubtedly the
latter, as shown by the plain reading of the Con-
stitution, and by the decisions of our highest
courts.
It is to Congress that the Constitution confides
the power of making "rules concerning captures
on land and water,"and upon this Chief Justice
Marshall observed, in the case of Brown vs. The
United States, (8 Cianch, 110,) that it is " an in- i
dependent substantive power not included in that j
of declaring war." Manifestly this is so, or it 1
need not have been granted to a body to which
the power of " declaring war" had already been
granted. The distinction pointed out by Chief
Justice Marshall between the two powers is, that
whereas a state of war gives the right of univer-
sal confiscation, yet that the exercise of this right
depends so much upon discretion and upon cir-
cumstances, and is so much softened in practice
by considerations of humanity and fi rbearance,
that it was necessary, in framing the Constitution,
not merely to designate the branch of the Gov-
ernment which should have the power to declare
war, but also the branch which should have the
power to make " rules concerning captures on
land and water." This they did, by confiding
that power to Congress.
Chief Justice Marshall's language is:
''That war gives to the sovereign full right to take the
persons and confiscate the piopcrty of the enemy, where
ever found, is conceded. The mitigations of this rigid
jule, which the humane and who policy of modern times
has intioUueod into practice, will moie or less affect the
cxercise of this light, but cannot impair the ught Itself."
And again he says:
"It may be considered as the opinion of all who have
written on the {jm belli,5 that war gives the right to con-
fiscate, but does not itselt confiscate, the property of the
enemy."
And he concludes that—
" It appears to the court that the power of confiscating
enemy's property Is in the legislature."
That is, indeed, where the express words of
the Constitution place it by declaring that it is
Congress which shall have the power to make
" rules concerning captures on land and water."
This is not inconsistent with the well-settled
principle that generals in the field, representing
the constitutional Commander-in-Chief, may ap-
propriate to military use all persons and things
belonging to the enemy. That is an essential part
of the duty of carrying on war which devolves
upon the Executive after the legislative power has
deehued war. But it diffei s totally from the power
of transferring titles to properLy from one party lo
another, which is involved in the idea of confis-
cation, and which belongs solely to the legislative
branch of the Government.
It is in vain, then, that wo shall shelter ourselves
from the duty of passing the bills now under dis-
cussion by saying that they contemplate an exer-
cise of power which belongs elsewhere. The
power belongs to us, and to us alone, and it is
upon our heads that the indignation of the people
will fall, if there is a failure to exercise it in a
spirit equal to the great emergencies of the wants
which are upon us.
No loyal man questions the abstract justice of
subjecting the property of those who are actively
and willingly engaged in carrying on this rebel-
lion to the payment of the enormous debt which
it will entail upon the nation. Some gentlemen,
however, entertain doubts of our constitutional
power to do so. Can it be, Mr. Speaker, that while
the people of the loyal States aro freely casting
their treasutes at the feet of the Government, to
be used in putting down this wicked rebellion, and
cheerfully incumbering their estates with a burden
of taxation which must weigh heavily upon their
posterity for generations to come, the property of
the rebels themselves is so hedged around with
constitutional piotection that we may not touch it
for the same purpose? If so, the framers of our
Constitution committed an error fatal to the per-
petuity of the Government which they sought to
establish.
I admit, sir, that on a conviction of treason the
judgment can only operate to forfeit the estate of
'the person so convicted for the period of his nat-
ural life; but the class of persons against whom
the penalties of these bills are directed, though
guilty of treason, arc something more than mere
traitors—they are public enemies, waging war
against us under the authority and through the
instrumentality of a government or political or-
ganization, as foreign to us and to our Govern-
ment as is the Government of Austria or Russia.
This government is located upon our own terri-
tory, it is true, but it is none the less foreign to
our Government for that reason. The legal status
of those who are banded togetherunder that form
of government known as the southern confederacy
is m some respects precisely the same, in relation
to us, as if they were located on one of the South
Sea islands. Certainly it is no more favorable to
them. Or it is in some respects precisely the
same as if they were foreigners in fact, who had
invaded our territory and set up a government of
