1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•April 18,
an&ctofforfeitureof all the real and personal prop-
erty of all British subjects, explaining the term Brit-
ish subjects to mean—
" All persons, subjects of his Britannic Majesty, who, 011
the 19th of April, 111 tile year 1775, wlien hostilities weie com-
meneed at Lexington between the United States of Amer-
ica and the other parts of the British Einpiie, were resident
or following their vocations in any part of the world, other
than the said United States, and have not since either en-
tered into public employment of the said States, and joined
the same, and by overt act adhered to them; and all such
subjects, inhabitants, of any of the United States, as were
out of said Stales on the same day, and have since by overt
act adhered to the enemies of the said States; and all in-
habitants of the said States who, after the same day and be-
fore the commencement of the act of General Assembly,
entitled ' An act declaring what shall be treason,5 departed
from the said States and joined the subjects of his Britannic
Majesty of their own free will," &c.
The Governor and Council were empowered to
declare the forfeiture, and only one month was
given to the owner to come forward and contest
their decision. (See Henning's Virginia Statutes
at Large, p. 66.)
Maryland, in 1780, by a sweeping act, provided
that—
" All pioperty within this State, debts only excepted,
belonging to British subjects, thai! be seized, and is hereby
confiscated to the use of this State."
The act appointed commissioners to administer
the property.
In Smith us. Maryland (6 Cranch, 306) the Su-
preme Court, per Marshall, Chief Justice, hold
that no act of the commissioneis was necessary
in order to give seizin of the lands thus confis-
cated to the purchaser under the State, and remark
that—
The law considers that all property belonging to a Brit-
ish subject was, by the mere operation of the law, seized
and confiscated
Pennsylvania, by her act of the 27th of Novem-
ber, 1779, declared—
"That all and every the right, title, interest, property,
claim, and demand of the heir-', devisee;*, qi an tecs, or others
claiming as proprietaries of Pennsylvania, whercol they or
cither of them Mood seized, or to which they or any of them
were entitled, or which to them weie deemed to belong, on
the 4th day of July, in the year 1776, of, in, or to the soil
and land contained within the limits of the saul late prov-
ince, now State of Pennsylvania, or any part thereof, to-
gether wilh the royalties, franehUc*, lordships, ami all other
the hereditaments and promisor comprised, mentioned, and
granted in the same chatter or letters patent of the said
King Charles the Second, except as hereinafter excepted,
shall be, and they are li^ieby, vo-sted in the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, lor the uj>c and benefit of the citizens
thereof' fieed fiom all uses, entails," &e.
In commenting upon this statute, the Supreme
Ctfurt, per Justice Marshall, say:
"When the war of out Revolution eommeneed, the Pro-
piietarv went to Cieat IJutain, and was consequently, to
be cowsideicd a-; a Butish subject, not as an Ameneau cit
izen. The 11 ht la confiscate his jnopeiltj or to leave it un-
touched am in the Government of f'c7insyicania.>%—KiiJi vs.
Smith, 9 ll'hc(tlo>i\ Ri>pO)tv, p sMl.
it ia noticeable that, in the preamble of the act,
the Legislature put the confiscation upon the
ground llmt the " safety and happiness of the
people is the fundamental law of society," and
that " the good people of that State demanded it
as some indemnity for the blood and treasure they
lmd expended in the war of liberty."
In October, 1779, New York declared a long list
of persons attainted and guilty of treason, and
that—
" All and Hngul i the estate, both real ami personal,
held or claimed liy them, the said poisons, severally and 11'-
speetively, whether in possession, remainder, or inversion,
within this Bute, shall lit;, and is hereby declared to be
forfeited to and vested in the people of this State." '2 New
York, Grcenlcaf"s Edition, vol. 1, page 26.
A subsequent clause applies the attainder and
forfeiture to all persons who might be presented
under the act by a grand jury and found guilty
on trial, or who should not, after publication of
notice, appear and traverse the indictment.
By her act of ] 784, (page 327 of same volume,)
all these confiscations aie expressly confirmed,
by the name of confiscatiotis," and provision
made for the sale of the property, and the appli-
cation of the proceeds to the payment of her pub-
lic debt.
In 1777, Massachusetts passed an act treating
the estates of refugees who had left the State to
join the British as the estates of deceased persons,
and requiring the surplus of personal property,
after the payment of debts, to be deposited in the
State treasury.
In 1778 she passed an act of banishment against
three hundred and eight persons, and decreed the
penalty of death in case of their return. (Ancient
Charters and Laws of Massachusetts, in Appen-
dix.)
And by a subsequent act during the war she
confiscated the property of twenty-nine persons,
whom she denominated notorious conspirators,
and among them fifteen were counselors, two had
been Governors, one Lieutenant Governor, one
treasurer, one attorney general, one chie#justice,
and four commissioners of the customs.
New Hampshire, also, besides banishing sev-
enty-six of her former citizens, confiscated the
estates of twenty-eight of them.
New Jersey was not less earnest in the work of
proscription and confiscation. One of her acts
punished traitors and disaffected persons; another
leased out the real estate of certain fugitives and
offenders; and a third forfeited and vested in the
State the real property of sundry persons.
And Delaware, too, forfeited and confiscated to
the State the property, both real and personal, of
forty-six persons by name, subject to the payment
of their debts, unless they should give themselves
up for trial for treason.
The property of all these loyalists or Tories
was thus seized and confiscated under the stat-
utes of the States. It was a civil war; the en-
emy was not only from without, but was found
within. Neighbors were enemies; even house-
holds were divided between Whig and Tory
Brother was found in arms against brother, and
father against son. Scenes of fraternal bloodshed
similar to those which are now occurring in the
slave States were enacted. These measures were
all war measures, having each and every of them
for their object the enfeebling, the expulsion, and
the destruction of the enemy. And they were
just, for common prudence suggested their neces-
sity. So plain was this, that m after times, when
peace was restored and the bitterness of feeling
modified by the lapse of years, the States refused
to relax their rigors, or to any considerable ex-
tent suffer the confiscations to be removed, or their
former domestic foes, now driven into exile, to
return to their homes. These measures were not
acts of ordinary legislation in time of peace. They
meant not peace, but war, civil war; and by their
plum intention, as well as their terms, were but
instrumentalities in waging and conducting an
actual, existing war. The'confiscations were lev-
eled against enemies, enemies in the sense of the
recognized code of war and of nations, and were
obviously as much a means of carrying on the
war against them as would have been the seizure
of their property on the high seas, or shooting
them down on the field of battle. No argument
can divest #thcm of their real character as war
measures. There is no room for subtilty or
sophistry as to their kind or quality. No ingenuity
of argument can remove them from the categoiy
in which we find them; and unless we deny that
our Revolution was a war, we cannot deny that
these measures were among the means of prose-
cuting it on the part of the colonies.
[ come now to the question of power, the great
question whether under our written Constitution
we as a Government have in law the right to de-
clare and enforce the forfeitures and confiscations
contemplated by the bill.
1 admit that if we have not this power under the
Constitution, we cannot forfeit and confiscate the
pioperty of rebels, real or personal, and thut any
title we might assume to give would be void in
law.
There is no clause in the instrument expressly
conferring the power, and unless it is implied as
a means of carrying into execution some one of
the powers expressly granted and enumerated, or
some other power not so expressed and enumer-
ated, but nevertheless " vested, (to'use the terms
of the instrument,) "by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States, or in any de-
partment thereof," we arc unable to exercise it.
1 need not say to candid and reflecting men that
the dangers arising from too broad an interpreta-
tion of the Constitution are by no means less to
be dreaded and avoided than those proceeding
from one too narrow and illiberal. The instru-
ment must be construed with reference to the state
of things existing at its formation, and the pur-
poses had in view by its fiameis. Those pur-
poses are plainly announced in the comprehensive
language of the preamble, and no one can misun-
derstand them. They were a to form a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, pro-
mote the general welfare, and secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity." The
insuring of domestic tranquillity is thus expressly
indicated as one of the prominent objects of the
Constitution, and nothing can be plainer than
that it means, not mere family or neighborhood
tranquillity, not the tranquillity of the fireside, but
the internal tranquillity of the nation as a nation,
and of^the States as political bodies and constit-
uent parts of the nation. It was political tran-
quillity, as opposed to political disturbance, as
opposed to anarchical and insurrectionary move-
ments of classes, districts, or communities, tend-
ing to disturb the internal peace of the nation,
and to overthrow law and order.
Such is one of the ends for which the Constitu-
tion was made—an important end; one without
which the Government itself would have been but
vanity and vexation of spirit, and the liberties it
was to secure a chimera.
Now, there is no clause expressly authorizing
the Government to wage and carry on war with
a foreign nation, whether offensive or defensive,
and yet to pretend that because of the absence of
such a grant of power the Government, though
expressly authorized to raise and support armies
and provide and maintain a navy, is destitute of
all power to use and employ them in defense of
its own existence, would deserve and receive the
ridicule of all. But, as if to take away all cavil,
and all grounds of cavil, and distinctly and ex-
pressly to insure domestic tranquillity, the con-
vention of 1787 authorize Congress, in terms, to
call forth the militia to suppress insurrection; that
is,an armed risingof many persons, acting in con-
cert with the purpose of overthrowing the Gov-
ernment, or of resisting its authority by concerted
armed violence. This is precisely the form of
public disturbance which now exists; the same
violation of domestic tranquillity, against'which
it was one express object of the Constitution to
guard. And the means which it, by express terms,
places in our hands to combat and subaue this vio-
lence is the employment of the militia. I say, in
terms, for I do not mean to be understood as doubt-
ing the perfect right of the Government to employ
the regular Army and Navy and all other instru-
mentalities known to the art of war, to the same
end. Our right to employ such other means grows
out of the necessity of protecting the existence of
the Government, a right inseparable from all as-
sociations of men permitted bylaw, and one which
cannot innocently be renounced. We have the
undoubted right, then, under the Constitution, by
express terms, to employ the militia of the coun-
try, and by the plainest implication, the Army
and the Navy,for the purpose of suppressing the
existing insuriection. For the Government to
employ these means, these instruments of mili-
tary force, is to be engaged in carrying on and
prosecuting v*ar, civil war, a war which as a duty
under the Constitution it is obliged to wage until
the insurrection is suppressed and domestic tran-
quillity restored. It has no election between wag-
ing and forbearing to wage this war. It cannot,
without a violation of sworn duty, desist from its
prosecution until all armed resistance shall have
ceased. Our oaths of office have linked us to the
prosecution of this war, and will link all our
successors to it, >vith the force of our obligation
not only to the Constitution,buttoGod. Neither
we nor they can desert that obligation; and may
we and they have the manhood, the constancy,
and the honesty never to commit so dreadful an
apostacy !
Some months since the President of the United
States, in pursuance of an ancient act of Con-
gress, issued his official proclamation, declaring
the people of several States of this Union to be in
insurrection against the Government. He atonce
proceeded to employ our armed ships to blockade
the coast of nine of the insurgentStatrs bordering
on the Atlantic, and to close all their ports, cutting
them off from trade with foreign nations. By like
military measures all peaceful intercourse between
the loyal and disloyal portions of the country has
been stopped. Large armies are arrayed on either
side of the hostile lines, battle after battle has been
fought, human life been freely sacrificed under the
banner both of the Government and of the insur-
gents, prisoners exchanged, and safe conducts
issued and used on both sides,and,indeed, as com-
plete and technical a state of hostility created as
