196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
3tTH Cons....2d
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Shanlcs.
Ho. 03? Reps.
their own within our limits, under the authority
of which they were waging war against us. It is
true that by reason of their allegiance they are in-
curring liabilities which would not attach to for-
eign enemies—the liability to be tried in our courts
for treason, and punished capitally, if convicted.
But while they are banded together under a form
of government wholly foreign to the Government
of the United States, through the instrumentality'
of which they are prosecuting a relentless war
against us, surely the fact that they are at the
same time committing the crime of treason does
not limit our right to inflict upon them whatever
injuries to their persons or property we might in-
flict, consistently with the laws of nations, upon
foreign foes.
Whatever may be said upon the question of our
right to confiscate the property of a foreign foe
situated in his own country, no one will deny that
according to the laws of nations we have a perfect
right to confiscate the property, whether real or
personal, of a foreign enemy, if found upon our
own territory and within our own rightful juris-
diction. If it be true that the legal status of (hose
who are banded together under that spurious in-
stitution known as the government of the confed-
erated States, and who under its usurped author-
ity are waging war against us, is the same in
respect to us as that of a foreign enemy, or if it is
no more favorable to them than that of a foreign
enemy, then we have an undoubted right to pro-
vide by law for the confiscation and forfeiture of
every acre of land and every article of personal
property belonging to thom which may be found
and seized within our territorial limits.
Although the State of South Carolina, con-
sidered as a political organization, no longer
exists as a member of this Union, still the terri-
tory is there, and is as much a part and parcel of
our national domain, and within our rightful ju-
risdiction, as is the territory of Massachusetts.
The State, as a political institution, no longer
exists as a member of this Union, because it is
wholly destitute of an organization. There is not
a single person within its boundaries vested with
any political authority who recognizes any alle-
giance to the Government of the United States,
or who is recognized by that Government as a
legitimate public functionary. Whatever of gov-
ernment exists there is usurped, and wholly for-
eign and antagonistic to the Government of the
United States. The territory is ours, and our
jurisdiction ofrightstill extends over it, although
the State itself, as a political institution, forming
part of this Union, lias ceased to exist, or is at
least in abeyance. I do not deny that the loyal
people ot that territory, if there are any there,
have a right to reorganize their State government
as a member of the Union, whenever they shall
have the power to do so; but it is clear that no
vestige of such an organization now exists there.
I do notclaim that we have a right to confiscate
the property of rebellious citizens of the So-called
southern confederacy because they are traitors. I
claim it because they are public enemies, and be-
cause the property which we propose to seize and
confiscate is within our own territorial limits, and
subject to our rightful jurisdiction. As to our
right to do so, upon this ground, I have not the
slightest scruple.
Mr. Speaker, if I close what imperative duty
has required me to say this day with a personal
allusion to myself, you will believe, I am sure,
teat.U 'I5" 110 °'" egotism, but to explain
the depth and earnestness of my convictions upon
this subject. Five months a prisoner at the en-
emy s capital, 1 saw nothing there to induce me
to hope that this rebellion can be repressed with-
out measures of stern energy; nor did the scenes
either of my captivity, or of the battle which led
to it, tend to soften my impressions as to the ma-
lignant spirit of the enemy, or as to what is due
as a measure of retribution, at once politic and
just, for the sufferings our soldiers have endured
in this war.
At this stage of the struggle, when the public
muid is occupied with animated and stirring de-
scriptions of battles, and diveited by the magni-
tude of results fro in the sufferings of individuals,
we appreciate the heroism and patriotism of our
glorious soldiers of the regular Army and of the
volunteers, but appreciate too feebly the extent of
their devotion and sacrifices. History will give
them the meed of ample justice in this respect.
1 have seen them terrible in their might,ready
to brave a thousand deaths for their country. I
have seen them, too,struggling with disease,starv-
ing for food, immured in rebel dungeons, subjected
to nameless outrages and indignities, yet patient
in their sufferings, and resigned to the bitterness
of their lot. I have seen them maimed in limb,
and crippled in body, yet with souls rich in the
patriotic exultation that it was sweet thus to suf-
fer, and thus to die for their country. Of these
brave men it may truly be said that the luster of
Grecian heroism pales before that of the fortitude
of the captives of Bull Run. In no page of history
can more impressive examples be found of pro-
tracted death without a sigh, and of life termina-
ting with the single thought of country and of
liberty. I thank God that a kind Providence per-
mitted me to feel their crosses, and to hear a por-
tion of their pains, and that I can now testify to
what they have endured from what I have myself
seen and know. With such men our armies can
never fail, for the sword of Gideon is with them.
It is at the enemy's capital, also, that I have
seen manifestations of a spirit of malignant and
confirmed hate, which will yield to no blandish-
ments of concession and compromise, and can only
be repressed by signal punishment, and by the
complete deprivation of the means of future out-
breaks. The capital execution of all the men who
deserve punishment is impossible, because repug-
nant to the spirit of the age. To deprive them of
their estates is a practical measure, because it is a
penalty merciful in comparison with their mis-
deeds, while it is the least measure of punition
consistent with the national safety. It is not in
irresolution and weak counsels that we shall find
safety in this crisis of our country's fate. We
must rise to the fall magnitude of the drama in
which we are actors, and comprehend the length
and breadth of the struggle in which we are en-
gaged. It is one between two systems of social
policy, transferred to the battle-field after a con-
test in the political forum extending through the
period of a generation. It did not come over us
like a summer's cloud, to be dissipated by a sum-
mer's sun.
The treason which,long latent, has now broken
out into arms, is inveterate, and hardened with
the animosities of years. As wo know that to
repress it on the battle-field calls for military prep-
arations most gigantic, so we shall find that to
eradicate it as a disease from the body-politic will
require a statesmanship which is comprehensive
and decisive.
Above all, let us never forget that the destinies
intrusted to our charge are too precious to be haz-
arded by experiments of indiscriminate mercy to
the guilty. This country is too great, its history
is too long and too heroic, and its possible future
too grand,.to permit us to jeopard its existence by
weakly failing to strike boldly and heavily at those
who seek to overthrow it. The stern patriot of
antiquity who did not spare his own son, when
that son's treason menaced the safety of Rome,
should be the exemplar of those who are the
guardians of the still gieater American Republic.
Upon no occasion more exigent than this could
it be said that the public safety is the supreme
law, towering far above and beyond all other con-
siderations. It isourcouutry which is to be saved
or lost, and it is in country that all interests of
hfe, liberty, property, and family are indissolu-
bly bound up.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. P. 0. SHANKS,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 23, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to eon-
lebel1-—116 i>r0pmy and ft6e fl0m se™tude the slaves of
Mr. SHANKS said:
Mr. Speaker: I had not thought to occupv
the time of the House with an expression of mv
views upon the nation's troubles, their cause or
cure, preferring to vote and act as a working
rather than a talking member. I am now induced
to express myself frankly, and if I should have
occasion to refer to the positions taken by other
gentlemen I will hope to be understood. I must
confess I ain not well pleased with the position o.
many of those who have preceded me in the dis-
cussion of these subjects. 1 think, sir, that the
common acceptation as the result of the doctrine
of secession, and of the acts of the rebels in pur-
suance of that doctrine, namely, that eleven States
have seceded or revolted from the national Union,
or that any one of them has so revolted Or seceded,
is but a crude thought and needs correction, re-
quiring but little reflection to correct the error,
but certainly important that the correction be made
now. Much wrong has, I fear, been done to the
cause of the Union by inconsiderate declarations
against the State of South Carolina and many
other southern States, charging of those States
that which, when we consider the character of our
State and national Governments, together with
the cause, manner, and progress of the rebellion,
we recognize at once to be an impossibility.
Sir, there has been no revolt, rebellion, or se-
cession of any State from the national compact.
Geographically and materially, of course, all that
country constituting the southern States, and pans
of States which under the provisions of the na-
tional Constitution had, and are still entitled to,
but of the will of a part of their own people have
not now, a representation in these Halls, remains
the same. No convulsion of nature has separated
by impassable barriers the grand proportions of
this country, extending as it did and still docs
from the St. Lawrence and lakes on the north to
the Rio Grande and from ocean to ocean, the home
of a great and powerful people, with the best or-
ganized constitutional government in the world.
And, sir, as that form of government wisely es-
tablished by our fathers within these borders as
the home of freemen, a city of refuge for the op-
pressed of all nations, must and of necessity does
leave all persons free to think upon any and all
subjects, there has not been, and cannot be, in
accordance with the genius of our institutions,
a national or governmental rule for thoughts,
whether in religion, politics, ormoials; andhence
a difference of opinion upon the God-head, the
Cabinet, or the slavery of a portion of the human
race can produce no effect upon the national com-
pact, for in all the time intervening since the
adoption of the Constitution such has been the
case. The Church has divided on (he first, poli-
ticians on the second, and the lovers of freedom
and of oppression on the third. Then, sir, if the
country constituting the thiity-four States, and
the Territories surrounded by them, and owned
and held by our people as purchased in common,
remains geographically and materially the same; if
the freedom of thought among the people of a State
or of the United States cannot of itself destroy the
binding effect of a written compact, solemnly,
prudently, and, in fact, entered into, I submit that
there has been no secession of a State or States,
geographically, or 011 account of free opinions.
Nor can there be, legally or constitutionally, until
all the people of the States which originally or
subsequently adopted the Constitution shall have
participated in the agreement for separation.
Those who made the Constitution are entitled
the credit of best knowing the purposes for
which they made it, and they have wisely set forth
those purposes in the preamble to that instrument,
in which the first great truth asserted is that " we,
the people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfect union," wherein they declare that
it is the people of the United States, do this thing,
making it necessary to a legal or constitutional
separation that the people of the United States
should be consulted, and should agree to the act
of separation; and our fathers showed most con-
clusively by the adoption of the Constitution that
they were not satisfied with the then existing guar-
antees thrown around the people and Stales bv
the Articles of Confederation under which they
then and had for some time carried 011 the Gov-
ernment; but to form a more perfect union, and
ajso for the further high and holy purposes " to
establishjustice,insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity," did ordain the Consti-
