2376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
KavirigbeengivenbyPresidentMonroe'svetoofthe
appropriation by Congress of money fo*  repair-
ing the Cumberland road, and establishing gates
Ami,lolls. His successor, Mr. John Q,. Adams,
in his first public State paper as President, favored
the exercise of the power by Congress as a con-
stitutional right,and the policy of a liberal appro-
priation from the public Treasury for works of
internal improvement, thereby withdrawing the
former weight of presidential authority against
that power which Congress had exercised. Af-
terwards his successor, President Jackson, an-
nounced thedoctrine that Congress did not possess
the authority under the Constitution to appropri-
ate moneys for works of internal improvements
of a local character, but admitted the power in
regard to those of a national character.
' *The State-rights doctrine introduced in this re-
spect by the Maysville veto was never denied, but
on the conirary, encouraged and justified the
exercise of the authority of the General Gov-
ernment in opening military roads and highways
over the Territories of the United States, and con-
ferring munificent land grants upon States for rail-
road communications, stretching from the North
to the South, upon a most expanded scale.
This system of land grants, to aid in the con-
struction of railways, began in the State of Illi-
nois by a grant from Congress of an area equal
to four thousand and fifty-five square miles, or
two millions five hundred and ninety-five thou-
sand acres, twice as large as the State of Dela-
ware. This is called very properly the corner-
stone of the great empire system of internal trade
and travel. The grant was made to the State of
every alternate section, six miles in width on each
side of the road and its branches, with an indem-
nity, where sections were not found, of an equal
quantity elsewhere within fifteen miles of the
route.
In 1852, the whole line was put under contract,
connecting the extreme northern part of the State
at Galena to Cairo on the south, with a subse-
quentbranch to Chicago. This main stem was the
base of a triangle of which the bend of the river
forms the other two sides. The Illinois Central
railroad is the longest—four hundred and fifty-
odd miles—in the world under any one corpora-
tion. Within two years from the date of the grant,
ten thousand men were at work upon the line, at
an annual expense of $3,700,000. U is now fuliy
equipped, with overone hundred locomotives,one
hunt! red passenger,baggage,and express cars,and
also over two thousand freight cars. Already the
company has disposed of $10,250,000 worth of
their lands, the l.u-ger moiety remaining unsold,
so thntthegrantiscstimated as equal to $40,000,000
from the General Government to a single State of
the Union.
Sincc then statesmen of the extreme South, as
well as North, have given in their adhesion to
"land gmni8n for such great otogtets; and Con-
gress, by a number of special lawSfhas made like
munificent donations to Missouri, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Michigan, Arkansas, Florida,
Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, the aggregate
being equal to twenty-five millions five hundred
thousand acres. The immense, nay, incalculable
benefits conferred by these grants within the last
ten years, cannot be estimated in the rapid circu-
lation of surplus capital within the great area they
embrace.
Now, Senators, look at the condition of our pos-
sessions on the Pacific! Are they to be shut out
from a participation in the benefits, to gam noth-
ing from the vitalizing influences of these mighty
agents of human prosperity—with a sea-line on
the western ocean of /line hundred and seventy
miles, equal to half the Atlantic; with a popula-
tion of half a million, which has overcome obsta-
cles and attained results uusiu passed by any State
in either hemisphere ? When the American dag
was first raised in 1846on those distant shores, the
voyage there was a six months'one by way of
Cape Horn; then followed the perilous transit over
Central America. Soon American energy crossed
the Isthmusof Panama with a forty-ei^ht mile rail-
way, atucostof$8,000,000; and linesofsteamships
on the Atlantic and Pacific sides went into active
&W'll?r" Ckar l>rHfU' f0r 186U' of neiu'y
$^,UUU,UUll. Have we not done our part, with all
the toils and privations of pioneers, in fostering on
distant shores the institutions of our country—
in developing the gold product of our State, which
has changed the value of the precious metals and
furnished its immense metallic circulation in aid
of the commerce of the world—our mines of silver,
quicksilver, tin, lead, copper, iron, and coal—our
quarries of marble, granite and burr-stone, which
are sources of countless profit and wealth to the
whole earth? The arable lands of the State were
estimated by Captain Wilkes, of the exploring ex-
pedition in 1842, at only twelve thousand square
miles, or seven millions six hundred and eighty
thousand acres. Upon better data, revealed by the
progress of settlement, it is since ascertained that
the farming lands of the State cover a surface of
nearly eighty millions of acres, producing abun-
dance of cereals and fruits of the temperate zone,
changing the relation of California from depend-
enceupon importations for bread to thatofexport-
ing flour as one of her staples. But the riches of
our soil and its various products are known to the
Senate and country. To a greater or less extent,
exploration and settlement have piwodMte facts
in regard to the agricultural lands of Oregon and
Washington—the northern boundary, in part, of
the latter being Puget Sound, a great inland sea,
destined to have its effect in the trade of the Pacific
ocean.
Arc these vast interests, in distant localities of
the Union, to lanquish and struggle simply be-
cause two thousand miles intervene between them
and your great Mississippi valley? Is this great
interior region still to be traveled the usual labo-
rious way, subjecting the voyager to so many
perils, simply for the want of adequate facilities?
Have we not a claim to the benefits due by a Gov-
ernment, the theory of which is to confer equal
blessings, within its constitutional range, upon
every portion of our wide-spread territory? The
answer to this has been enunciated by the press,
in primary assemblies, legislative bodies, repre-
senting more than thirty millions of people this
side the Rocky mountains, and is now responded
to, urged and importunately demanded by the
interests of the half million of our citizens west
of the Sierra Nevada and Cascades.
Contemplating the interests, which I have so
imperfectly suggested, of the Atlantic and Missis-
sippi valley on the one hand, and on the other those
now existing on the Pacific still to be developed
for the benefit of the whole Republic, present and
future, have the representatives of the Pacific not
a right to demand your patient, patiiotic, prompt
consideration and action, upon the important
proposition now before the Senate?
The measure before us is clear, comprehensive,
and elective in its details, involving no disputed
authority. It proposes a railroad system from
the Mississippi valley to the Pacific, with a tele-
graph line. It imposes proper checks and restraints
upon the railroad companies—those organized and
to be created—to prevent abuses or any improper
application of the means placed at their disposal.
It gives them freedom in selecting a loutc, ample
time to prosecute and finish the work, and yet is
specific in its awards of credits and land grants,
exact in securing the interests of the United States
by lien in every inch of piogressand loan of pub-
lic credit, and affording reasonable time to all par-
ties. It proposes to lend the credit of the Gov-
ernment by six per cent, bonds, redeemable in
thirty years, the loan to be made pari passu with
the progress of the work, in fixed ratios; and the
amount of the responsibility (say $65,000,000) so
arranged as to restrict the cost per nulc to known
and ascertained reasonable valuations; ultimately
redeeming the stock thirty years hence, when the
mighty results of this work shall have rolled for-
waid to the door of the next generation; thus ben-
efiting the masses at the opening of the next cen-
tury who will swarm ea^tand west of the Rocky
mountains and line the Pacific shores. The roads
and branches indicated in this bill make an aggre-
gate of two thousand four hundred and twenty-
five miles, which, at the rate of five sections or
three thousand two hundred acres per mile, would
make the aggregate of the land grant for the Pa-
cific, railway only seven million seven hundred
and sixty thousand acres.
Now, let us examine this proposed credit and
land grant relatively with the territorial extent to
bp benefited, in contrast with what has already
been done by Congress in northern, southern, and
middle land States. The geographical surface of
the State of Illinois is fifty-five thousand four
hundred and ten square miles. The grant to her
for railroad purposes, as I have already indicated,
is two million five hundred and ninety thousand
acres, valued at $42,000,000. The geographical
surface of that State, added to the acres of Mis-
souri, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Michi-
gan, Arkansas, Florida, Iowa, and Minnesota,
make the surface of these land States-equal to six
hundred and eighteen thousand four hundred and
one square miles. To these, Congress has donated
twenty-five and a half millions of acres in the
choicest localities and richest lands, easily con-
verted into farms, in the midst of thick settlements,
with fine fields in a state of highest cultivation,
witli easy and quick access to domestic and foreign
markets. The Government having virtually with-
drawn as a land proprietor in many of those
Stales, an immense increase in value was the con-
sequence to the lands thus conceded. If, then,
we estimate the value of the lands to the ten land
States mentioned, at only one half the value of
what the Illinois railroad grant is ascertained to
be, it will be found to reach the enormous sum of
$150,000,000.
Besides all this, Congress by a general law ap-
proved 4th of August, 1854, has granted the right
" to all rail or plank road or macadamized turn-
pike companies, heretofore, or that may be char-
tered before the 4th of August, 1862, the right of
way over and through any of the public lands of
the United States,"giving them one hundred feet
in width enlarged to two hundred feet in cases of
deep excavation and heavy embankment, with the
right to take from the public lands materials of
earth,stone, or wood, with the necessary sites for
watering places, depots and workshops.
The sum of these amazing results is briefly this,
that to ten land States with an aggregate geo-
graphical surface of six hundred and eighteen
thousand four hundred and one square miles,
Congresshasgranted nearly two hundred millions
of dollars' worth of the richest lands, in beautiful
localities, on the great highways of domestic and
foreign trade.
Now, the States of California, Oregon, and Kan-
sas arc together equal to a geographical surface of
three hundred and sixty-five thousand five hun-
dred and seventy-three square miles, and the Ter-
ritories of the United States between the Missis-
sippi and Pacific contain one million two hundred
and forty-two thousand three hundred and twelve
square miles, equal to the area of thirty States,
each of the size of the State of Ohio. The three
large States already organized, and the interest ot
this half-continent territory, representing the di-
mensions of thirty States, only ask you for seven
millions seven hundred thousand acres of wild
lands, and the loan of your credit for thirty years,
of $65,000,000.
Now, Senators, compare what you have granted
to others and what is now asked for us. Look
upon that picture, and then upon this ! As con-
scientious, patriotic statesmen—not neglectful ot
oven the least or most distant pai t of the Repub-
lic, every inch of it being confided to yourlegis-
lativo care—moved by the spirit of the impenal
Senate of ancient days, never to yield a foot of
territory while an enemy was upon it, but con-
stantly guarding its vast outline in all its diversi-
fied interest, let me appeal to you to weigh the
grave considerations inseparable fiom this project,
and extend to us in justice the benefits of equal
laws and equal rights so cheerfully and liberally
awarded to other portions of the United States.
It may be said that the existing political com-
motions, the exigencies of war, and other pressing
demands upon the finances of the nation, render
it inopportune to add to the pecuniary obligations
of the country. Earnestly, vitally important as
this measure is to the Pacific States, yet if it could
for a moment impair, check, or divert the resources
of the Government so as to result in any embar-
rassment m these times of trial, I answer m the
name of my constituents, thatthcy would not now
ask it at your hands. They are committed to the
support of these institutions, upon the basis of the
Constitution, under which the Govei nrm nt of the
United States was organized on the 4th of March,
3789, and will stand by it to the last I
Let us, then, inquire if the proposition before
us is liable to such exception. The loan of the
public credit at six per cent, for thirty years is
for §65,000,000, with absolute security by lien,
with stipulations by sinking fund from profits for
the liquidation of the principal. Official reports
