1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
ever existed on earth between two nations, except
that as the war is a civil war, in other words, an
insurrection againstalawful Government, we have
not conceded and cannot concede to them any of
the belligerent rights of an independent nation,
except such as are due to humanity, and which
arise merely upon the score of a common hu-
manity, and the requirements of a common civil-
ization. The exact character of the war is not
foreign or national, but is that of an insurrection
and rebellion. It is an attempt on the part of the
insurgent districts to dismember the national ter-
ritory, and. to install over a part of it a jurisdic-
tion and a political system independent and in
defiance of the rights, the powers, and the duties
of the Govcrnmentof the United States, to convert
the citizens of the United States resident there into
citizens or subjects of a new Government, and to
establish another independent nation, or rather, a
nest of small independent sovereignties, on this
continent,and on our borders. We are waging the
war to defeat this ambitious and wicked scheme.
We itre waging it not against public or foreign
enemies, as in the case of a national war, but
against persons who owe obedience to this Gov-
ernment, and are rightfully subject to it.
Nor is it a contest of factions striving for the
control of the same Government, like the wars of
the Roses in England, or the wars of the League
in France. In the latter kind of wars, as a talented
writer and soldier (General Hallcck: Interna-
tional Law and Laws of War, page 333) of our
own day and country, remarks, 44 each party is
usually entitled to the rights of war as against the
other, and also with rcspcct to neutrals." But,
he adds, " mere rebellions, however, are consid-
ered as exceptions to this rule, as every Govern-
ment treats those who rebel against its authority
according to its own municipal laws, and without
regard to the general rules of war which interna-
tional jurisprudence establishes between sovereign
States." And it is undoubtedly the sense of the
leading teachers on the hiws of war that m rebel-
lions the lawful Government is not restricted to the
instrumentalities prescribed to independent na-
tions. It may not, it is true, violate the laws of
humanity. It may not exercise wanton cruelty
on the weak, the ignorant, the helpless, or the
deluded; but it may, on account of their violated
allegiance, or on account of their indifference, even,
to their duty as citizens, impose upon them such
restraining or punitive burdens as the Govern-
ment may think best fitted to repel their violence,
to subdue their rebellion, and restore peace and
order.
If to do this it be necessary to strip them of
their lands or their goods, or both, it is allowable
by the laws of war; and whether it be done by
actual forcible seizure, or by legislative act declar-
ing the title ipso facto escheated to the State, or
whether it be done by the more slow process of
judicial trial and sentence, can make no difference
in principle. The seizure and use of the property
is, in any case, a means well known to war of
strengthening one party and weakening the other.
I am aware that by the usages of modern war
the conqueror does not ordinarily disturb the title
or the possession of the real estate of the individ-
ual subjects in the territory he conquers, but that
by the general rule of the Jaw of nations the title
remains in the former owner. The same is also
true of movnble property, with the exception
that this kind of property is always liable to be
seized without compensation by way of foraging,
and by way of contribution for the suppoit of the
invading or occupying army. But in neither case
docs the rule, or rather usage, amount to a posi-
tive obligation; nor has it been recognized as a
custom so universally binding as to be considered
in the strict sense a law of war. It is in both the
eases put subject to that higher and universal rule,
growing out of the natural right of self-defense,
that the conqueror may justly take indemnity for
the past and security for the future. Vattelsays:
Tlii-' conqueror's every right spring* from tlie just de-
fense of himself, which compt eheuds the maintenance and
pursuit of Ins rights. When, tliereloie, he lias entirely van-
quished a hostile nation, lie mnv, without doubt. fnstiy do
himself justice respecting that which has occasioned the
war, and pay himself the damage it has caused him. lie
may. acooiihng to the exigency of the case, impose pen-
alties upon the nation,; and may even, if prudence obliges
hmi.put the nation out of a condition toliann lum so easily
in l'lii lire. lJut to reach a!! these ends he should preler those
meaiia which are the mildest, remembeiing that the law of
natuie does not permit us todo ill to an enemy except pre-
cisely so far as necessary for a just defense and a reason-
able security for the future."—Vattcl, lib. 3, eh. 13, sec. 201.
And the rule of sparing the private property of
the enemy will be found subjcct to an analogous
and further exception, that its status and title re-
main under the old law so long as the victorious
party phases, and no longer. If he is wise, and
if his adversary is inspired with magnanimity and
good faith, 110 doubt clemency is a most potent
means of restoring a lasting friendship; and no
one can help admiring the beautiful illustration of
the principle, cited by my learned friend from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr, McDougall,] in the case of the em-
bassador sent by the Privernates to the Roman
Senate. Introduced to that august and stern body
of men, and being asked by the consul, what de-
pendenee could lie placed upon the peace which
he asked of them, if they should grant him clem-
ency, the envoy replied, " if you grant it us on
reasonable conditions, it will be lasting and solid;
if not, it will not last long." And the learned
writer who cites the beautiful example, with a
heart overflowing with philanthropy, and that love
of justice and generosity for which he is so fa-
mous, exclaims to every conqueror, " what fidel-
ity, what succor, can you expect from an oppressed
people? Would you that your conquests should
truly augment your strength, that they should be
attached to you—treat them like a father."
As between independent nations engaged in a
war which has humbled one and given victory to
the other, surely the practice of clemency is, in
the estimation of the generous heart, a brighter
glory than victory itself; for he that ruletli his
own spirit is greater than he that taketh a city.
Cut what, let me ask my honorable friend, what
place has this principle of clemency in the case in
hand f What greater clemency can be shown our
now maddened and revolted countrymen than the
restoration among them of our mild Constitution,
our ecjual and beneficent laws ? What more rea-
sonable conditions can we offer them, than to
throw down theblood-stamed arms of their rebel-
lion; to fling away the sword that has already
drunk the blood of so many heroic defemleis of
this sacied instrument; to dismiss to theirhomes
the deluded multitudes whom their unhallowed
ambition and cunning and craft have incited to
take up arms; to make reparation for ihe wrongs
they have committed; renew their allegiance to
the Government of their fathers; annul their de-
crees of rebellion; reorganize their loyal govern-
ments, and be again with us and of us? Let me
tell you, sir, that clemency other than this is un-
worthy of us; clemency more tender than this
is weakness; clemency that demands less than
this is cowardice; and clemency that does not in-
sist upon at least all this is faithless to free gov-
ernment and the hopes of the world.
Now, sir, I know of no distinction between na-
tional wars and civil wars, as to the right of seiz-
ing and confiscating property. The foundation
of the principle rests m self-defense and the pros-
ecution of one's just rights by war. If this be,
as it doubtless isj the constitutional source of the
power in question, the discussion of the point need
proceed no further. That the States once had it
I have abundantly shown, both from their stat-
utes—which, by the way, were passed upon the
recommendation of the Congress of the old Con-
federation—by the solemn judgments of the Su-
preme Court, by the practice of other independent
nations, and by the writers on public law.
The power has, by the Constitution, been ex-
pressly taken away from the States. It declares
that no State shall without the consent of Con-
gress keep troops or ships of war in time of peace,
enter into any treaty, alliance, or confederation,
or any agreement or compact with another State,
or with a foreign Power, nor engage in war, un-
less actually invaded, or in such imminent danger
as will not admit of delay.
Here all power to carry on war, except when
suddenly attacked, is taken away from the States.
They are divested of the means they once pos-
sessed. They can no longer, for that purpose,
pass such acts as I have referred to. And still it
cannot be denied that such acts are war measures.
And if the Federal Government does not possess
the faculty, a most efficient means of cripplingan
enemy has been totally abdicated and thrown
away by the whole American people, and for all
time. This, it is true, is an argument ab incon-
venienti; but it is impossible to disregard it, for it
seems to me incredible that in framing and adopt-
ing the Constitution it was intended forever and
in all emergencies to discard one of the well-
known means of waging war.
Eut we are met by another objection, and told
by some honorable Senators that this is a bill of
attainder, and, being such, we are forbidden to
pass it by that clause of the ninth section of the
first Article of the Constitution which declares,
" no bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be
passed."
What is a bill of attainder in the sense of the
Constitution ? Upon every principle of sound con-
struction, the word attainder ought in this clause to
receive the same meaning as is given to it in other
parts of the instrument. In the first clause of sec-
tion ten, it is declared that '1 no State shall pass
any bill of attainder." Several, if not all, of the
States had, during the revolutionary war, passed
statutes, in imitation ofnumerous English statutes,
expressly attainting persons by name and declar-
ing them guilty of treason or felony for the part
they had acted in the struggle; butTn every case
of the kind the term attainted is applied to persons,
and never to property only. The meaning of the
word attaint, as used in English history and juris-
prudence, is to stain, to stigmatize, to disgracc,or,
to use a more modern and homely phrase, to spot;
and it would not only be a violation of all gram-
mar but of the well-known use of the word to apply
it to property. There is no instance in our own
legislative or judicial history in which it has been
so applied, so faras my own researches have gone,
and I ven ture to say no such instance can be found
in English history. The term always refers to a
person, and never to property only. It would,
indeed, be a singular "use of language to talk of
attainting horses and cattle, steamboats, wagons,
casks of sugar, and bales of cotton.
Again, as if to set this question also at rest, the
Constitution declares that "no attainder of treason
shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture, except
during the life of the person attainted." Nothing
can be clearer than that the term attainder here
means a judicial conviction of an accused person
of treason. It is called an attainder, and the per-
son convicted is said to be attainted; and Ihe lan-
guage is plainly borrowed from former English
and American statutes and judicial proceedings.
The clause relates exclusively to the punishment
of an act of treason committed by a person. It
contentsitsclf—when that person is convicted, that
is attainted—with taking his life or sending him to
prison, if Congress shall so ordain, and forfeiting
his estate during the remainder of his days; but
it withholds from us the power, upon such convic-
tion, to declare that his heirs-nt-law shall not in-
herit the property ho may leave behind him. It
refuses, in its humanity, to punish them for his
misdeeds. I repeat, an attainder is a conviction
of the person. Before the Constitution, it might
have been ill the form of a legislative act, or of a
formal accusation, trial,and sentence in a court of
justice, as the sovereign power might see fit; and
'the only change in the mode of ascertaining the
guilt of the accused which the Constitution has
made consists in divesting the Legislature of all
jurisdiction to try the accused, and in prohibiting
thecorruptingof the heritable capacity ofhis heirs.
But the attainder clause has no more to do with
the seizure and confiscation of mere enemy prop-
erty in time of war, as a measure of war, than it
has with the levy of an execution or the foreclos-
ure of a mortgage. It has nothing whatever to do
with it, and does not relate to the subject. That
power stands on ground very distinct and very
distant from the mere judicial proceeding to con-
vict a man of treason.
Undoubtedly a bill of attainder, being a mere
legislative act, may, as was observed by Chief
Justice Marshall—clarum et venerabile nomcn—in
Fletcher vs. Peck, (6 Cranch,) " affect the life of
an individual, or may confiscate his property,or
both;" but it must be remembered that he was
speaking of the sovereign power of the State to
pass acts affecting persons and pioperty, and not
of the meaningand effect of the words " attainder"
and " attainted," as employed in the Constitution.
Nor did he in that case hint at what might be the
powerof Congress to forfeit and confiscate as a war
power. And he was, indeed, entirely correct in
what he said; for, beyond all doubt, it was of old
competent for the legislatures, in their bills of at-
tainder against the person, to provide for punish-
