iT18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
ing his person either by death, imprisonment, or
other personal suffering, or by merely taking from
him his property. Yet, in the subsequent case
of Brown vs. The United States, (8 Crane!],) that
iliustriousjudge expressly asseitsthat "thepower
of confiscating the enemy's property is in the le-
gislature." It is true, he is speaking of foreign
enemies, and not of rebels in arms, and waging
war upon the Government; but I have alfeady
shown that, by the laws of war, a foreign enemy is
entitled to greater lenity than a rebel, for the rea-
son that the latter has, as an individual, volun-
tarily violated his duty of allegiance, aduty which
was never due from a foreigner. No case growing
out of a rebellion had at that time come before the
court, ami its revered records had not been put to
the shame of perpetuating the case of a rebel. But
no one can suspect that ihc patriotic soul ofMar-
slmll would have sought out any such subtile dis-
tinction between foreign war and rebellion as
would have extended to a blood-stained rebel
favors withheld from a foreign enemy engaged in
honorable war by the command of his sovereign.
But the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] who reported this bill, has so ably
and conclusively replied to this objection that it
would be useless, and even unkind, in me longer
to detain the Senate upou it.
I come to another objection. We are told by
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, who
sits furthest from me, [Mr. Cowan,] that, although
the power of seizure and confiscation is lodged in
the Government of the United States, yet that
Congress is not vested with it, and that it pertains
exclusively to the President in virtue of his pre-
rogative as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, that, as it is but an instrument of war,
it is for him, not for us, to wield it; that an at-
tempt on our part to use it or to regulate its use
would be a usurpation of an authority which is
his; and that all Congress is permuted to do is to
furnish the supplies of men and money.
I fear the honorable Senator has been more at-
tentive to the peculiarities of the English consti-
tution than those of our own. It is beyond/doubt
one of the prerogatives of the British sovereign,
not only to declare war, but to raise armies, build,
equip, and man navies, and to carry on war by
land and sea, without the consent of Parliament,
and withoutin any way consulting them. He has
the whole of the war-making power in his hands,
and may use it against whom he pleases and so
long as he pleases, subject to no cheek by the Par-
liament, except the right and the power to with-
hold the taxes for paying the expense. Subject
to that single embarrassment—not by any means
a legal restriction, for he may borrow money with-
out the consent of Parliament—his power is as ab-
solute over the whole field of war and all its opera-
tions as that of the most absolute despot.
Sir, is that our case? Have the people of the
United States stripped themselves of all power to
control the operations of the wars in which they
may be involved? Is nothing left to their repre-
sentatives but to furnish the men, the material,and
the money; and are their orders as to the mode in
which, and the purposes for which, these shall be
used, totally powoilcss and void? And docs the
Constitution subject to the will of the President
exclusively the use of the military fmxc in all the
details of the service, and authorize him alone to
say when and whither it shall move, what expe-
ditions it shall or shall not undertake, what im-
plements of war it shall or shall not employ, what
armistices it shall or shall nota^ree to, what places
it shall attack and what it shall" spare, what prop-
erty of the enemy it shall or shall not seize, and
when a campaign shall begin and when end?
I cannot, sir, assent to this. It is against the
genius of free government; and, in my opinion,
utterly iireconcilable with the provisions of the
Constitution.
Among the powers expressly granted to Con-
gress by the Constitution is the power to declare
war; that is, to enact by a formal statute that a
state of war shall exist between the United States
and a foreign Government, thus conferring upon
our people the belligerent rights created by the
usages or war and the lawsof nations,and recog-
nizing the same rights in the subjects of the ad-
versai y Government. This uct or declaration
cannot, however, be neeussary as preliminary to
an actual state of war: for it is obvious that no
nation xs under any legal obligation to make a
formal declaration of war before it draws the
sword, whether of attack or defense; and the Uni-
ted States may not only be assailed by the arms
of a hostile Government, and made, to all intents
and purposes,abelligerent Power, but,like other
nations, may, whenever their safety, their inter-
ests, or their honor shall require it, actually en-
gage in war without the ceremony of a declaration
by Congress. They may doubtless authorize the
President, in a contingency, to make war. It may
be chivalrous, courteous, and humane to send the
herald into the enemy's territory to proclaim the
approach of the warriors; but it is not a legal
obligation, and has not been so considered by
nations, either ancientor modern; and the United
States have on more than one occasion dispensed
with the formal announcement when about to
make war upon public enemies. We have never
declared war upon the Indian tribes; we embarked
in the war with Mexico, and actually engaged in
it, without a declaration. And in the case of a
defensive war, in which we are attacked by a for-
eign Power, as, for instance, we were attacked
by Great Britain before the formal declaration of
June, 1812, it is, of course, folly to pretend that
the nation may not be actually engaged in war
unless by and under a declaration of Congress.
Such a declaration is not essential to the exist-
ence of belligerent, lights, nor to the actual exist-
ence of public war. The clause seems rather
intended as a restriction upon the President's au-
thority^ Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, preventing him from performing any ag-
gressive act leading to war with a foreign Power.
It was a warning to him not in any case without
the consent of the Legislature to give such orders
to the Army or the Navy as should lead, naturally,
to a state of hostility with othercountries—indeed,
a restriction, a curb upon his power of command,
keeping him at all times within the boundaries of
peace and amity with the vest of the world. But
surely no one will contend thatthe clause, "shall
have power to declare war," grants to Congress
any right or faculty which they would not possess
without it; no one will urge that'if it were not
found in the Constitution Congress would not
possess the right to involve the nation in war.
Without it, could the States cither severally or
jointly make and carry on war? No; because by
the Constitution they are expressly prohibited to
engage in war unless invaded or in such imminent
danger of being invaded as not to admit of delay.
The States cannot resort even to the ordinary
means of self-defense, for they are expressly for-
bidden, in time of peace, to keep troops or ships
of war. Congress, on the other hand, is clothed
with the express powers to raise and support
armies; to provide and maintain a navy; to pro-
vide lbr organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and governing such parfe of them as may
be employed in the service of the United States;
to call them forth to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrection, and repel invasion.
The power to raise and support aunies and to
provide and maintain a navy would be totally nu-
gatory without the power to employ them. They
are raised and supported, provided and maintained
to the very end and purpose that they may be em-
ployed, and employed for the same objects that
other nations employ them, that is, to engage in
and carry on war,v\ h ether the war be just or unjust,
whetherit be oneofaggression and conquest, or of
defense and self-protection. Thecharacterof the
war, whether right or wrong, is necessarily ex-
cluded from the discussion of the question of the
power to engage in it.
It tollows then, clearly enough, that Congress
in the absence of the mere power to declare war,
would have possessed, by the plainest and most
inesistiblc implication, the power to wage it and
involve the nation in all the consequences of pub-
lic and lawful war; and that the clause in ques-
tion does not, m fact, contribute one iota to the
quantum of power they possess. It was plainly
intended as a caution—yes, I mustgo further—as
a prohibition to the President, whether acting as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, or in
forming treaties with foreign Governments,against
any assumption by him of the ri^ht, the puwei,
or the duty of involving the nation in war with
another nation, leaving the whole right, the whole
duty of initiating a national war for .my purpose
except that of self-defense, to Congress, to the
law-making power.® And the other clauses to
which I have referred*, plainly and expressly con-
fer on Congress the supreme authority to con-
duct and control the operations of the military
forces of the country.
For if it be the exclusive right of Congress not
only to raise and support armies and navies, but
(which is an irresistible and immediate inference)
to use and employ them for warlike purposes,
they must possess also the power to control every
movement of the Army and Navy in actual ser-
vice, whenever they shall see fit so to do. They
cannot indeed supersede the President in the chief
command, but they possess the undoubted power
under the Constitution to subject him to then* own
orders as to the objects of the war, its extent and
duration, the contingencies upon which it shall
cease or be resumed, the means of annoyance or
defense that may be employed, and, in short, the
entire use which he shall make of the military
forces of the country.
His mere capacity as Commander-in-Chief ren-
ders him in no lespect independentof the author-
ity of Congress. It does not place him above the
law. He is still our general and bound to execute
our behests, subject to the will of Congress, and
liable for disobedience to be reduced at once to the
condition of a private citizen, and incapacitated
to hold any office of honor or emolument under
the Government.
Thus far in our history Congress has not, it is
true, in any instance exercised this supreme power
of control over the operations of the military, but
have left the President free to wield the national
forces in such manner as has seemed best to him.
We have thus far, though perhaps not wisely in
some cases, abstained from interference, and have
permitted this great, this conservative, this essen-
tial poweu', to he dormant. Our campaigns have
been planned and carried out by the President,
aided by his ordinary advisers and by his subordi-
nate military officers; and Congress has taken no
part but in supplying the means of prosecuting
our wars. But let us remember there are many
other powers in t^ Constitution which have never
been brought into activity. Not to use a power
affords no solid argument against its existence.
There may be no need to resort to it, and the very
absence of such necessity, though no reason for
denying the existence of the power, naturally leads
the mind to overlook the fact of its existence, it is
the necessity of using a particular power, pressed
upon the minds of Congress and the country by
an exigent occasion, that leads to a careful and
rational search for it.
We must not be misled by the absurd idea that
the fiamers of the Constitution assumed to foresee
every particular emergency in the vast future of
its history; for we know from the language they
have used in it, and the powers it grants in terms,
that their visions of the coming years of the Re-
public did not rest upon the soft and sunny hor-
izon of peace, while the clouds of war overhung
the rest of the world. They foresaw and intended
that their nation should take its place as one of
the great Powers of the earth, ready and able to
maintain its proud eminence, whether in war or
i peace. Expecting it to achieve the glories of tri-
| umphant war, they gave to the Government every
i faculty necessary to humble and subdue our ene-
1 mies; but, true to the great idea of popular liberty
and a Government founded upon that liberty, and
fully on their guard against the dangers of unre-
strained military ambition, they placed in Con-
gress the ultimate power over the sword itself, by
giving to them the right to raise and support ar-
mies, and to call forth the miTilary force to sup-
press domestic insurrection and rebellion. And
the principle is so clearly recognized and laid down
by Story in his Commentarieson the Constitution,
and m the decision of the Supreme Court in the
case of Luther t's. Borden, (7 Howard S. C. R.?)
that it would seem but a waste of time to argue it
further.
To insist that the law-making power of a nation
is not vested with authority to control and direct
the operationb of war, is to my mind a political
and legal solecism, which, if practically carried
out, may in its future consequences be most dis-
1 astrous to the Governmentitself. Besides, if this
! abnegation of all power in Congress to aid in,di-
j rect, and regulate the operation* against the rebels
| arises, as it possibly may,though I do notimpute
\ it, from a fear or hesitation to do our part, in put-
l ting down the insurrection, I must be allowed to
