696
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
peril, was, by,order of the Government of the United States,
removed to Newport, in this State, where it is now located,
performing satisfactorily its duties to the country j and
whereas Newport and its vicinity possesses all the advant-
ages of climate, location, and central position required for
the permanent location of such an institution; and the City
Council of Newport has tendered on the most generous
teams to the United States Government one of the most
beautiful islands in Narragansett bay, in immediate prox-
imity to the city, containing about one hundred acres of
fertile land, most eligibly situated, and fitted by nature for
such an institution, with ample depth of water for their
ships, and stone material within itself for all the buildings
and wharves that may be necessary—on which island, con-
nected by a bridge already built, this institution can possess
and enjoy every facility it may require for all its depart-
ments i and whereas, in the judgment of this General As-
sembly, these and other advantages recommend Newport
as a place eminently fitted for the Naval School, and its
peimanent establishment there will gieatly promote the
success and usefulness of that importantmstitution: There-
fore,
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to present this subject,
and-copies of these resolutions, to their respective bodies,
and make all efforts in their power to procure the perma-
nent location of said Academy at Newport.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit copies of these resolutions to the Piesident of
the United States, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary
of War, to the chairmen of thu Committees on Naval Affairs,
and to our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
I certify the foregoing to be a true copy.
In testimony whereof, I have hereto set my hand and
r, _ t affixed the seal of the State of Rhode Island, this
lL* 8,J 1st day of February, A. D. 1862.
JOHN R. 13ARTLETT,
Secretary of State.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 6th instant, a resolution (S. No. 41) in rela-
tion to allotment certificates of pay to persons held
as prisoners in the so-called confederate States.
MESSAGE FBOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethebidge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
A bill (No. 240) to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (IT. II.
No. 224) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1863; which thereupon received the
signature of the Yice President.
IMPORTS JfROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, pro-
posing retrenchments and reforms, reported a bill
(S. No. 187) to reduce the expenses of the survey
and sale of the public lands in the United States;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HALE. ■ The Committee on Naval Afl'airs,
to whom was recommitted House bill No. 153,
to authorize the construction of twenty iron-clad
steam gunboats, have instructed me to report it
back with an amendment; and I give notice that
at the earliest possible day I shall call it up for
action.
Several Senators. Why not to-day ?
Mr. HALE. If it is the pleasure of the Senate,
I should like to have it considered now.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be taken up now.
Mr. HALE. I move that all prior orders be
suspended for the purpose of considering the bill
to-day.
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection to the
motion; "but I prefer that it be passed over for a
few moments until we get in our reports and pre-
sent bills.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN DUPONT.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States recommending a vote
of thanks to Captain Samuel F. Dupont for his
services and gallantry displayed in capturing
Forts Walker and Beauregard, in the State of
South Carolina, on the 7th of November, have
instructed me to report a joint resolution, and as
it- requires immediate action, I ask that it be con-
sidered now.
The joint resolution (S. No. 44) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Dupont,
and officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines
under his command, for the victory at Port Royal,
was read as follows:
Resolvel, $c., That the thanks of Congress be, and they
aie hereby, tendered to Captain Samuel P. Dupont, and
through him to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and ma-
rines attached to the squadion under his command, for the
decisive and splendid victory achieved at Tort Royal on
the 7th day of November last.
The joint resolution was read three times, and
passed.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
17) tendering the thanks of Congress to Captain
Samuel F. Dupont, and the officers, petty officers,
seamen,and marines under his command, for the
victory at Port Royal, ask to be discharged from
its further consideiation.
The motion was agreed to.
PHILIP SPEYER AND CO.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 256) for
the relief of Philip Speyer & Co., of the city of
New York, have directed me to report it back,
with a recommendation that the bill pass. As it
is a matter that will lead to no debate, I hope the
Senate will pass it now. It will probably take less
time to dispose of it now than on any other occa-
sion. ["What is it?"] I will state what it is.
Speyer & Co. were bankers in the city of New
York, and also at Frankfort-on-the-Main, Ger-
many. They had two coupon bonds which they
mailed at Frankfort to New York to their address,
and they were lost. It appears that no claim has
been made for them at the Treasury; the coupons
are still unpaid. They only ask that duplicates
be issued to them on Sling a bond of indemnity.
There is no objection to it, and the committee think
it ought to be'done.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
256) for the relief of Philip Speyer & Co., of the
city of New York, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause two certificates
of the loan of 1848, of $1,000 each, with coupons
ofsemi-annyal interest from July 1,1854, attached
thereto, to be issued to Philip Speyer & Co., or
bearer, to replace that number of similar certifi-
cates, the property of Speyer & Co., namely: No.
1058, issued to Corcoran & Aligns, or bearer, dated
September 1, 1848, and No. 11^9, issued to R. L.
Stuart, or bearer, September 9, 1848, which were
mailed at Frankfort-on-the-Main, in Germany,
for New York, February 3,1854, with the coupons
from July 1, 1854, attached, and were never re-
ceived in New York, and are therefore supposed
to be lost or destroyed. There is a proviso, that
before the issue of new certificates, Speyer & Co.
shall furnish to the acceptance of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury such bond of indemnity
as is usually required by the regulations of the
Treasury Department for the issue of duplicate
certificates of inscribed stock.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HILL REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the bill (H.
R. No. 240) to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
theieof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 188) to increase the efficiency
of the medical department of the Army; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LATHAM asked , and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
189) in relation to the warehouse system in the
Pacific ports of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. LATHAM. I shall offer as a substitute
for the bill (S. No. 75) which is now on the Cal-
endar, "to establish a line of steam mail ships
between San Francisco, in California, and Shang-
hai, in China, touching at the Sandwich Islands
and Japan," an amendment which I hold in my
hand. I submit it informeSly, and move that it
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM OREGON.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom were referred the credentials of
Benjamin Staik, appointed a Senator from the
State of Oregon, with the accompanying papers,
have had the same under consideration; and,
without expressing any opinion as to the effect of
the papers before them upon any subsequent pro-
ceeding in the case, report the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark, of Oregon, appointed a
Senator ot that State hy the Governor thereof, is entitled to
take the constitutional oath of office,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret very much that I am
unable to agree with the report which the commit-
tee have made to the Senate, and I shall ask leave
to file a minority report, simply upon the ground
that I believe it to be the duty of the committee to
pass upon the testimony before it in regard to the
loyalty of the Senator from Oregon. It will be
observed that the report of the majority of the
committee is that Mr. Stark is entitled to be sworn
as a member of the Senate, without expressing
any opinion upon the testimony. I dissent from
that report, and ask leave to file my views.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks leave to present his views as the
minority of the Committee on the Judiciary, con-
nected with the case upon which a report has just
been made.
Leave was granted.
Mi. SUMNER. Before this matter passes
away, I would inquire whether the papers in the
case are to be printed. It seems to me that if this
case is to be discussed we must have the papers
before us.. I do not know how we can proceed in
the discussion without them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course I do not repre-
sent the committee in this matter; but no motion
has been made to print the papers. The Senator
from Massachusetts will observe that the com-
mittee expressly refuse to consider the testimony,
and report to the Senate that the Senator from
Oregon is entitled to be sworn without expiessing
any opinion on the testimony. Thatis the point.
If the Senate adopts that report, it will not pre-
clude a reference of the papers to the committee
again to-morrow, to inquire as to whether the
Senator is properly here or not. It involves the
question which we discussed the other day as to
the right of a person appointed a Senator to be
sworn as a member of this body without any ref-
erence whatever to any charges that may be made
against him.
Mr. HARRIS. The chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, the Senator from Illinois, does not, I
am persuaded, mean to misrepresent the views
presented by the committee; but he has inadvert-
ently misstated the conclusion of the committee.
If the Senator will advert to the terms of the re-
port it is, that withoutexpressingany opinionas
to the effect of the evidence upon any subsequent
proceedings of the Senate, the committee report a
resolution that the Senator from Oregon is entitled
to j)e sworn. They do not refuse to express any
opinion at all upon the evidence; but the report
of the committee is that they will reserve them-
selves as to its effect upon any subsequent pro-
ceedings.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the Senator states
it correctly as it is. I certainly did not intend to
state it differently. If my language impliedadif-
ferent meaning, 1 certainly did not intend it. I
so understoodTthe report, that the committee ex-
pressly withhold any expression of opinion as to
the effect of the testimony upon any subsequent
proceeding.
Mr. HARRIS. That is it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it, then, if they do
that and report that he is entitled to be sworn, the
inference which I have drawn is manifestly cor-
rect, that he is entitled to be sworn without refer-
ence to that testimony; for if they do not express
any opinion upon the testimony or as to the effect
of it upon any subsequent proceeding, I hardly
know how they could have passed upon it.
