1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
sent to the mortgage which this accursed rebellion
has fastened upon our lands and goods. That
those who have wantonly and wickedly occa-
sioned this unavoidable distress to the loyal and
the innocent, should, when their estates are in
our power, be suffered to shirk a burden which
upon the principles of a just letribution belongs
wholly to them, is what a prudent people will never
consent to. That people, though not fond of war
and slow to plunge into it, are not afraid of it, and
they are not so forbearing, so weak, as to waive
any of the essential rights of war, nor so ridicu-
lously chivalrous as to embark in it merely for
the purpose of subduing their enemies and letting
them go free again without asking them to help
pay the expenses of the amusement. A Govern-
ment that runs it£ people into debt for a just war,
and, omitting to take full indemnity from the en-
emy while it is in its power to do so, leaving its
own people to pay all the expenses, affronts and
injures them, and encourages the enemy to new
aggressions. In such a case, success is without
security, and peace but a truce.
The Government of the United States has wit-
nessed what no monarchy ever witnessed. It has
coped with the most formidable rebellion in the
history of the world, one which no monarchical
Government since the dawn of history could have
withstood forsix weeks. It has seen the people,
by whom and for whom the Government was
fashioned, arm themselves and rush voluntarily
forward to its support in throngs too numerous
even for the occasion. It, has seen them willingly,
the old and the young, the rich and the poor, the
educated and refined as well as the rude, the native
born and the foreign born, the Protestant and the
Catholic, the believer and the unbeliever, all, all,
hastening to aid, by arms and by money, in sus-
taining the Government and subduing its foes.
Shall we turn round 10 these uncounted faces, now
gazing upon us with inexpressible anxiety, inex-
pressible hope,and unconquerable resolution, and
say coldly to them, " we will take no indemnity
for you or your friends; you are pouring out your
treasure and your blood in the holiest cause m
which nation ever fought or suffered; continue,
good friends, to do so still, but pardon in us the
weakness, if such you will call it, of abstaining
from taking indemnity; we fear it will offend the
enemy!" Oh, sir, is there a loyal heart that would
thus Gpw itself down before traitois? And is there
a traitor with the spirit of a man in him who will
respect you for the spiritless forbearance?
He needs no argument to persuade him of the
rule of war that lands as well as goods may be
taken from the enemy. lie has, by a stroke both
bold and early, not only launched his pirate craft
against your unarmed commerce on the sea, but
seized and confiscated the lands and movables
of every Union man within his reach who dares
open his mouth in behalf of the Government.
His proscriptions have beggared thousands upon
thousands, desolated their hearths, and driven
them into exile for the crime of loving the flag
you are defending. He despises your mercy,
laughs at your forbearance, and spits upon the
olive branch you hold out to him. He knows
that his fate is victory or death, triumph or exile,
and he is resolved boldly to stand the hazard of
the die. He has not yet, though bleeding under
your blows, asked of you a favor; but to the or-
dinary means of annoyance has not scrupled to
add assaults upon non-combatants, violence to
women and children, the poisoned cup, the atroci-
ties of savage warfare, and even the violation of
the dead. Sir, tell me not that such a foe can be
rendered wickeder or stronger by the use of any
means known to the laws of war, nor that his re-
sistance can be overcome by anything but blows
well laid on, and followed up from one field to
another. Do not let us delude ourselves with the
vain idea that the warlike policy of Fabius Cane-
tator, delaying battle to exhaust the strength of
the invader, nor the mild chanties of Henry IV,
feeding his revolted but half-repentant country-
men to save them from famine, will tend to ap-
pease this frenzied rebellion. We must fight it
out. It is my deep conviction that we must crush
it by our arms, or suffer our nation to be broken
into fragments which no compromise or concilia-
tion can reunite; exhibiting the ghastly wreck of
popular government, in the midstof winch liberty
will find its grave.
It has been objected to this bill that it assumes
to forfeit and annul the title of rebel property be-
fore we get it into our actual possession, and that
therefore, as a law of capture, it transcends the
rule of war, which is that the title does not pass
from the owner until the property is in the firm
possession of the captor; whereas the first section
of the bill makes no such distinction, but declares
all the title of the armed rebel to all his property,
wherever it may be in the United States, to be
vested in the Government. It is admitted that by
the usages of war between sovereign nations an
actual manucaption is requisite; and the honora-
ble Senator from California, [Mr. McDougall,]
who has spoken on the bill, was quite right in his
application of the rule in such cases. But it must
be recollected that for a citizen of theUnited States
to take up arms against his country is criminal,
while the doing of the same act by a foreigner
serving under his sovereign, is wholly without
private, individual guilt. The right to punish
such a crime is a thing incapable of argument. It
is as plain a postulate as the right of the Govern-
ment to exist, and the Constitution places no re-
striction whatever upon the power of Congress to
punish it, with the single exception that where
the owner has been formally indicted, tried, and
convicted in a court of law, Lis heir shall not fail
in his right to inherit, after his death.
But the measurcbefore us has nothing to do with
the person of the rebel, but solely with his prop-
erty lying within the United States and our con-
stitutional jurisdiction. The fact that thotjurisdic-
tion may be suspended by violence and traitorous
resistance in particular localities, docs not affect
our power to pass the act nor alter its effectwhen
that suspension shall cease; for, as I have already
shown, the Supreme Court, in the case of Smith
vs. Maryland, hold that no actual possession or
seizure by the Government is requisite, and that
the title passes by the mere operation of the law.
(6 Cranch, 306.) So that whenever our law shall
be in actual force there by the destruction of armed
resistance, the forfeiture takes effect as from the
time of the act committed. It is, indeed, like any
other penal statute; it is to be executed whenever
the object of it is brought within its actual opera-
tion.
No, sir, the friends of this measure do not dis-
guise the fact that one of its objects is punishment,
punishment of the most wanton crime ever com- ]
mittcd since he who took the thirty pieces of sil-
ver betrayed his Lord and Master. Sir, we all
love our country and revere the memory of our
ancestors. But by that love, by that memory, by
the experienced blessings of free government, by
the hitherto well-grounded hope that this " un-
sceptered empire" shall be the praise and glory of
the nations, by my love of justice and my hatred of
crime, I shudder at the thought of letting this great
offense„pass without punishment. Throughout*
the wot Id the friends of liberty and beneficcntlaws
will not thank us for it. Our own countrymen will
loudly accuse us of an omission which in itself, if
not criminal, is unnatural and dangerous to theic-
futurc peace. Sir, pass this confiscation, with
proper discriminations. Let its blighting breath
fall upon the ringleaders who have betrayed the
weak and the unwary, whose poisoned words have
frenzied their neighbors, and whose cruel arms
have spread desolation where peace and friendship
once reigned under the old flag. Carry it into the
border States, into Missouri, Kentucky, Tennes-
see, and Virginia; carry it to the half-burnt cabin
where the Union father, the Union mother, and
the Union daughters, struggling amidst the ruins
of a once happy home, are weeping over the fate
of sons an l brothers who have fallen in dreadful
combat with marauding traitors; read it to them
while m their anguish, and you will change their
tears of mourning into tears of joy. You will bring
them an assurance that their Government is stiil
mindful of them, is still their protector and avenger;
that it is mighty in its power and itsjustice, and
that while it ever prefers to be beneficent rather
than severe, it does not forget the necessity of a
righteous retribution, or that its eagles bear the
arrows of punishment as well as the shield of pro-
tection.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senate has
had the benefit tins evening of a very able speech,
an admirable speech, in the temper and tone of
which generally I most' decidedly concur. I dif-
fer from my honorable friend, the Senator from
Michigan, only in about two of his main posi-
tions, and my difference in respect to those posi-
tions I should like to express to the Senate at
length. I have left my notes at my room, and if
it be the pleasure of the Senate to suspend debate
upon this bill for the present until Monday, and
to undertake some other business, I should feel
very much obliged to their courtesy.
Mr. LATHAM. After the wish expressed by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
unfinished business of the morning hour, which
was laid aside in order to take up the special order,
on which the Senator from Michigan has spoken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it be the
pleasure of the Senate the bill now under consid-
eration, the confiscation bill, will be passed over,
remaining as the unfinished business of the day,
and the Senate will proceed to the consideration
of the bill on which the Senator from California
had the floor, which the special order interrupted.
If there be no objection, that bill will be consid-
ered as before the Senate. The Chair hears no
objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etiierjdge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 407) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the name of the vessel
John Faron to Excelsior.
A bill (No. 409) to provide for the payment of
expenses incurred by the marshal of Boston for
repairs to the United States court-house.
A jointresolution (No. 68) authorizing thepay-
rnent of certain moneys heretofore appropriated
for the completion of the Washington aqueduct.
HOUSE BTI.LS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the Hou^e of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 393) making further appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30,1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending June 30, 1862—
to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 406) for the relief of Francis Hutt-
mann—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 407) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the name of the vessel
John Faron to Excelsior—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (No. 409) to provide for the payment of
expenses incurred by the marshal of Boston for
repairs to the United States court-house—to the
jC-omrftfrree on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 67) to supply the Smith-
sonian Institution with volumes of Wilkes's Ex-
ploring Expedition — to the Committee on the
Library.
A joint resolution (No. 68) authorizing the pay-
ment of certain moneys heretofore appropriated for
the completion of the Washington aqueduct—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO CHINA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
snmcd the consideration of the bill (S. No. 75) to
establish a line of steam mail ships between San
Francisco, in California, and Shanghae, in China,
touching at the Sandwich Islands and Japan.
Mr. LATHAM. I had nearly concluded what
I had to say to the Senate when the special order
interrupted me. I was showing the influence
that had been exerted by the English through
the means of the opium trade in diverting the
course of specie sent from ourcountry to Chinese
traders, and I had just called attention to the fact
that from 1827 to i834 our specic sent to China
direct amounted only to a little over seven mil-
lions of dollars, while the American bills payable
in London since that time to cover the balances
found due had swelled up to the enormous amount
of $75,757,797. I was about to say that this is
an unnatural course of trade, for the reason that
our country produces the very same things for
consumption that the British does; we manufac-
ture the same articles; and there is no reason
whatever why our people should not avail them-
selves of their market instead. We arc more in
contact, nearer of approach, and more able to
