1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. HutcMns.
Ho. of Reps.
especial! y to the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman fYomNew York, [Mr. Sedgwick.] 1 win
make the remark here, that if the rebels do not
escape punishment for their crimes, it will not be
becauseable and zealous lawyers have not advo-
cated their cause on this floor. We have had ar-
gument after argument to convince us that it was
unlawful to take the property of a rebel or to lib-
erate his slaves. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Thomas] made, this afternoon, what I
regard as a most extraordinary argument on this
point. He says it is not to be tolerated at all that
you shall confiscate a man's property without a
judicial trial by jury. That was the point. The
rebel must be tried before a jury; and if you do
not provide for such a trial, you violate the Con-
stitution. That was the position of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. Thatcertainly could not have
been his positionatthecxtra session of Congress.
1 have before me two laws, for both of which he
voted, whereby property is forfeited to the United
States without any jury trial whatever. One of
these laws is to be found on page 319 of the laws
passed at the extra session. The first section of
this law provides that property "used or em-
ployed in aiding, or abetting, or promoting in-
surrection, shall be seized, confiscated, and con-
condemned."
The fourth scction provides that slaves used in
the rebellion shall be free in the same way, with-
out any trial. Thp simple fact that the property
has been employed, and that the slaves have been
used in the rebellion, confiscates the property and
gives the slaves their liberty. That is the law.
There is no trial by jury provided. Turn to the
Journal,and you will find that the gentleman from
Massachusetts voted for this law. On what ground ?
The property does not commit any crime? He
voted to confiscate that property and to vest it in
the United States simply because the owner has
committed a crime.
The other law is entitled "An act to provide
for the collection of duties on imports, and for
other purposes." The fifth section provides:
" That whenever the President, in pursuance of the pro-
visions of the second section of (He act entitled 'An actto
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of
the Union, suppicss insurirctions,and repel invasions, ami
to repeal the act now in force for that pitipose,' appioved
February 28,1795, shall have called toith the militia to sup-
press combinations against the laws of the Unit'd States,
and to cause the law.* to be duly executed, and the insur-
gents shall have failed to dispei e by the time dnected by
the President, and when said tiusuigent^claim to act under
the authority of any State or State*, and such claim is not
d tselaimcd or repudiated by the persons exercising the fu no-
tions of government m such Stare or States, or in the part
or parts thereof in which said combination exists, noi &ueh
insurrection suppressed by said State or States, then and
in such case it may he lawful for the President, by procla-
mation, to declare that the inhabitants of such State, oi any
section or pait thereof, wheie such insurrection exists, aie
in a state of insuricctiou against the United Stales; and
thereupon all commercial mtercouK-e by and between the
same and the citizens thereof and the citizens of the rest
of the United States sdiall cease and be unlawlul so long as
such condition of hostility shall continue ; and all goods and
chattels, wares and merchandise,comingfrom said Slate or sec-
tion into the other parts of the United Stain, and all proceed-
ing to such State or section, by land or water, shall, together
with the vessel or vehicle conveying the same, or conveying
persons to or from such State or section, be forfeited to the
United States
Section six provides—
« That from and aftci fifteen days after the issuing of the
said proclamation, as provided in the last foregoing section
of this act, any ship or vessel belonging in whole or in part
to any citizen or inhabitant of said State or part of a State
whose inhabitants are sodeciared in a&tateoi insurrection,
found at sea, or in any port of the restof the United States,
shall be forfeited to the United States."
For what reason is this property forfeited ? Sim-
ply for the reason that the inhabitants of any por-
tion of a State are in a condition of insurrection
against theGovernmentof thcUnited States. The
forfeited property may not have been used in the
rebellion at all, but the fact that it is owned by a
citizen of a State which has rebelled, or the resi-
dent of a district which is in rebellion, is sufficient
cause for its forfeiture. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Thomas] voted for that law, for-
feiting the property to the United States without
" due process of law."
The bare fact that the vessel referred to in the
sixth section is owned wholly or in part in a re-
bellious State forfeits it. And does not every
one know, as a matter of history, that under the
law a large number of vessels were seized m New
York and other harbors, to be confiscated by the
courts? It was the solemn judgment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, last July, that that
was a constitutional law, and now he stands here
and argues by the hour that to take the property
of rebels who are really guilty, and to forfeit it
withoutajury trial, is unconstitutional. 1 am not
at all troubled with any of these constitutional
scruples. I have been amazed at witnessing the
pettifogging arguments and quibbles that have
been made use of here to shield the rebels and then-
property. There was force in the remark made
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Whaley]
this afternoon, after the speech made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that if we cannot
confiscate the property of rebels, the Constitution
is not worth anything. He said in substance,
with great force and power, " the rebels confis-
cate property without any regard to forms, and
if we cannot punish them the Government is pow-
erless." The gentleman from Massachusetts as-
serted that if we violated the Constitution in this
way, and did not provide for a jury trial, the
Constitution is not worth theparchmcnton which
it is written. He seemed amazed that we should
think of confiscating the property of rebels.
The bill which relates to the liberation of slaves
of rebels 1 regard as important, for the reason that
the AdminisUation, if it has any policy on this
subject, has not defined it clearly to the under-
standing of the country. I am sorry that it is
so. I would prefer that every general in thefield
should know precisely what rule is to guide him
concerning the slaves of rebels, in all places where
our Army is in occupation. But the Administra-
tion has not seen fit to give us a policy, and each
general issues such orders as his political bias or
notions of military necessity may dictate. I con-
cede that the Pie&idunt is patriotic. I know the
difficulties that surround him. I know the pure
motives that actuate him in the adnunistiation of
the Government, and I wish he could have seen
his duty as cleaily to interfere with some of those
proclamations and orders in the interest of slavery
as he has seen it to be his duty to interfere with
those that interfere with the institution. 1 am not
aware that the President has modified or changed
a single order which generals have issued, pro-
tecting rebels in the enjoyment of what they call
slave property.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sedgwick] is as follows:
That everv commanding military or naval officer whose
military district bhail embrace any portion of the above-
named Slates may, and it shall be ins duly, by proclama-
tion or otherwise, to invite all loyal persons to come within
his lines and be enrolled in the service of the Umrcd Suites;
and it shall be his duty to enroll every such loyal person and
to employ such of them as maybe neeessaiym the s>eivice
of the United States, and no peit-on *o enrolled arid declar-
ing his loyalty to the United States shall ever thereafter he
held to involuntary .service oi labor, (except as a punish-
ment (or ciime,) any law or regulation of any State to the
contury notwithstanding: Provided, That if the slaves ol
any pcison oi person-* who have been and continued loyal
to the Government of the United States shall be made free
by the operation of this section, «>uoh loyal citizen or citi-
zen- shall be entitled to ju^t and leasonable compensation
fur his claim to the service oi laboi of Mich ?iave : Jln<Ipro-
vided further, That if the slaves of any pei.=on or poi-ons
who aie minors or mained women shall he made fiee by
the operation of this section, they shall also be entitled to
ju t and reasonable compensation for their c hum to the ser-
vice or laboi of Mich slaves.
It is said that colored men should not be em-
ployed as soldiers in suppressing this rebellion.
15 sir, have 110 scruples against their employment,
provided it is necessary,"and provided it is more
convenient to employ them than other classes of
our citizens. I can see no reason why loyal white
men should be obliged to go to the South, with
Us sultry climate, and endure all the dangers and
hardships of that climate, from tenderness to the
views of loyal slaveholders. I think the negro
is good enough to shoot down rebels; and surely
they are good enough for that if in the estimation
of some they are not good for anything else. The
employment of colored men as soldiers, where
necessary, is not a new idea in this country. We
have instances of their being so employed. It is
well known that the State of Rhode Island, during
the revolutionary war, provided that those of her
slaves who would g<> into the Army of the United
States, and fight their battles, should enjoy their
liberty. Numbers of them were enrolled, and
fought nobly and gallantly. In 1842, Dr. Harris,
a revolutionary veteran, in a public address, made
a statement of the manner in which these eman-
cipated slaves fought. 1 make a few extracts:
When stationed m the State of Rhode island, the regi-
ment to which I belonged was once ordered to what was
called a flanking position—that is, upon a plaee winch the
enemy iuum pass in order to come round in our roar, to
drive us from the fort. This pass was everything, both to
them and to us; of course, u was a post of imminent dan-
ger. They attacked us with great fury, but were repulsed.
They reinforced, and attacked us again, with more vigor
and determination, and again were repulsed. Again they
reinforced, ami attacked us the thiid time with the most
de>perate coinage and resolution, but a third time were re-
pulsed. The contest wus fearful. Our position was hotly
disputed and as hotly maintained.
lint, 1 have another object in view in stating these facts.
X would not be trumpeting my own acts; the only icasoil
why I have named mysell in connection with tin* impac-
tion is to show that 1 know whereot I atlhm. There was
u black regiment in the same situation. Yes,a reguuent of
negroes figlitmg for our liberty ami independence—not a
white man among them but the officers—stationed in this
same dangerous and responsible position. Had they been
unlhithful, or given way before the enemy, all would have
been lost. Three limes in succession were they attacked,
with most desperate valor and fury,hy well disciplined and
veteran troops, and three times did they MiccessfuUy repel
the assault, and thus preserve our army from oaptuie. They
fought through the war. They were brave, hardy troops.
They helped to gam our libeily and independence."
I have here also the proclamation of General
Jackson to the colored inhabitants of Louisiana,
und his address to the colored soldteis of his
army. The proclamation is an invitation and
appeal for the colored people of Louisiana to vol-
unteer to defend their country. The.y did volun-
teer, and on the 18th December, 1814, he issued
to them the following address:
Soldiers! When, on the hanks of the Mobile, I called
you to take up arms, inviting jou to paitake the penis and
gloiy of your while lellow-eitizens, i c\peeted much fiom
you, foi I w;h not ignoianr that you possessed qualities
most lonmdablc to an invading enemy, i knew with what
fuitiiude you could enduie hunger and thust, ami alt the
fatigue.s of a campaign. I knew well how i/.m loved your
nahi'e country, and that you, as well as ouiselves, had to
deleud what man holds nuM dear—tiH piiient.s, wile, chil-
dren, and piopoty. You hare done mora than I expected.
In addition to the previous qualities 1 before knew you to
possess, I louud among yon a noble entliUMa>m, which
lead? to the peiformanei* of gieat things.
" Soldiers ! the PuMdent oi the United States shall hear
how praisewoithy was your conduct nithe houi of danger,
and the representatives of the American people will give
you the praise your exploits entitle you to. Your general
anticipates them in applauding your noble ardor.
"The enemy approaches; his vessels cover our lakes;
our biave citi/cno are united, and .ill contention has ceased
among them. Their only dispute i-, who shall win the
prize of valor, or who the most glory, its noble.st reward.'
The New Orleans Picayune, in giving an ac-
count of the celebration of the battle of New Or-
leans, m that city, in 1851,says:
"Not the least intciesfimr, although the mon novel feat-
ure of the profession yesterday, win the presence of ninety
of the colored veterans who bore a conspicuous part in the
damreis of the day they were now /or the first time called
to assist in celebrating, and who, by their good conduct iu
presence of the enemy, deseived and iceeived the approba-
tion of their illustrious eommandei in-chief. Dining the
thtiiy-mx ycais that have passed away mucc they nsm>ted
to icpel the invader.- fiom our shores, these latthful men
have nevr befoie participated in the annual rejoicings for
the vietoty which then valor contributed to gam. Their
good deeds bave been coum'irated only m then memories,,,
m lived but to claim n passing notice on the pay ol tlie his
tonan. Yet, who moie than they de-erve the thanks ol J lie
eonnliV,and the gratitude ol succeeding genetalioiis? Who
iallied with more alacrity in response to the eummoiip of
danger? Who endured more cheerfully the hardships of
the camp, or faced with greater couiago the perils ot the
light? if, m that hazaidous hour, when our homes were
nlenaeed with the honors of war, we did nor disdain to call
upon the colored population to asM-st in lepeliing the invad-
ing horde, we should not, when the danger is pa-r, refuse
to permit them to unite with us in celebiating the gloimus
event, which they helped to make so memorable au epoch
in our history We were not too exalted to mingh! with
them m the affray; they were not too humble to join in our
reioicings. . „ ...
" vSuch, we think, is the universal opinion of our citi-
zens. We conversed with many yesterday, and, without
exception, they expressed approval ol the invitation which
had been extended to the colored veterans to take part m
the cercmonics of the day, and gratification at seeing them
in a conspicuous plrfce in the procession.
" The respectability of their appeal ancc and the modesty
of their demeanor made an impression on every observer,
and elicited unqualified approbation. Indeed, thougu m
saving so we do not mean disrespect to any one else, wo
think that they constituted decidedly the most interesting
poition ot the pageant, as they certainly attracted the most
attention."
Here is an authentic account of one brave col-
ored man who fought under General Jackson.
His name was Jeffrey:
" In the charge made by General Btump against the en-
emy,the Americans were repulsed and thrown into disorder,
