1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2681
Mr. TRAIN. I object to the proposition.
Mi". STEVENS. Then I report the amend-
ments of the Senate back to the House, and I
move that they be non-concurred in en masse.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not object to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means reporting back the
amendments of the Senate to the tax bill, but I do
object to non-concurring with the Senate amend-
ments in this wholesale way, and referring them
without examination to a conference committee.
I regard conference committees as a necessary
evil; for of course, in matters of legislation, it is
often impossible to bring the two Houses to an
accord on important propositions involved in the
same bill without a committee of conference. But
while I believe conference committees to be a ne-
cessary evil in regulating matters of detail, still
I believe that before committees of conference are
appointed, the two Houses, by their action, ought
to reduce the differences between them to the
smallest number possible, flow are these com-
mittees of conference appointed? Three members
are appointed from the Senate and three members
are appointed from the House. They are not
elected by either body, but they are appointed by
the Presiding Officers of the Senate and the House
respectively. Two members of the managers of
the conference on the part of the Senate, and two
members of the managers of the conference on the
part of the House constitute a majority. "When
they make their report to the two Houses, how-
ever objectionable any portion of that report may
be, no motion to amend is in order, for, accoid-
ing to the rules, the report must either be adopted
or rejected as a whole. Clothed as we are with
legislative authority by constituencies throughout
the land, and sitting upon a bill of the vast im-
portance of the one now before us, reaching as it
does to every district, city, hamlet, and house-
hold throughout the land, it is our duty to con-
sider carefully these amendments of the Senate,
and to reduce the points of difference between the
two bodies in eveiy way possible before we send
them to such a committee.
Even if it does take time, we thus act intelli-
gently on every amendment of the Senate, and
thus reduce the disagreement to the smallest pos-
sible number of amendments; and then we refer
those disagreements, reduced probably from the
three hundred and fifteen amendments now pend-
ing to one tenth of the number, to a conference
committee. I say, with all deference to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in whose superior
judgment i feel more confidence than in my own,
that this seems to mc to be the true theory of
legislation—the duty we owe to our constituents,
who have these taxes to pay.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIE SISXATB.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 343) providing for
additional medical oflheis in the volunteer ser-
vice; in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
Also, that the Senate had this day passed the
following order:
Oidercd, That the Secretary request the House of Rep-
resentatives to return to the Senate the hill (II. 11. No. 312)
u to piovide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt," for the purpose of
c«ureeling !ia erior in the engrossment of the amendment-?
thereto, and letutnmg the same to J he House of Represent-
atives.
The SPEAKER subsequently, by unanimous
consent, laid the said order before the House.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. HOLM AN. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Indiana if there is any mode by which
the House can act upon each of these amendments
separately, except by going into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union upon the
amendments of the Senate5
Mr. COLFAX. There is not. It is apparent
to the members of this House that this tax bill is
to be severely criticised, and that those who are
responsible for its passage by their votes will have
to defend it in detail before their people, and just-
ify it, not only as a whole, but in all its parts.
And as the only way in which you can consider
these amendments separately and in detail, is to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the Lull, and believing, as I do,
that we can consider all of them in three or four
days, and perhaps reduce the points of disagree-
ment from three hundred and fifteen to thirty or
forty, I do trust we shall pursue, in reference to
amendments, the usual course. If ever there was
a bill which required consideration in a Committee
of the Whole, U is this tax bill, which is to a great
extent a new experiment, and one of the most
extensive and important bills ever passed by the
American Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I presume there
is no disposition upon the part of the Committee
of Ways and Means to arrogate to itself any power
to overrule the sense of this House. The prop-
osition is merely made for the purpose of dispatch-
ing business. A special order has already been
assigned for to-day, and another for to-morrow.
It is necessary that this measure should be con-
sidered by the House, as also the supplementary
tariff bill; but until this tax bill is disposed of the
Committee of Ways and Means are ignorant
what tariff bill shall be proposed to the House.
Now, there are three hundred and fifteen amend-
ments made by the Senate to this bill. A large
proportion of them, I believe, the House would
almost unanimously concur in. They are formal
amendments, and most of them are, perhaps, im-
provements upon the bill. There are several of
them, however, that require careful revision and
consideration by a committee upon the part of the
Senate and House, that they may each equally un-
derstand the other, in oider to carry into effect the
wishes of the Senate and of the House. Unless
theie can be a mutual understanding of the wishes
of each House,itwill be impossible to pass a bill
which can be properly executed when it becomes a
law, as, for instance, in reference to the time when
the bill shall go into effect. There arc a great
many amendments which reach that particular
point. It is manifest that the time fixed is an
earlier moment than the bill can possibly be put
into operation by the Treasury Department.
A word in reference to the suggestion of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. IIolman.] If the
committee of conforence shall report anything
which is objectionable, the House can reject the
report of the committee, and have another com-
mittee appointed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am not familiar with
parliamentary law, but I understand that there is
no power in this House to amend a report of a
committee of conference, and that you have to
swallow the whole or take nothing. Therefore
we are prevented, under such circumstances, from
expressing, as the Representatives of the people,
our views effectively against any offensive prop-
osition that may be contained m that bill, unless
we vole against the bill itself.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. All understand
very well the point made by the gentleman from
Kentucky. It is clear that the House has the
right to reject any report of a committee of con-
ference, and have another committee appointed.
Mr. MALLORY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, who says there are three
hundred and fifteen Senate amendments, and
who remarks that perhaps nine tenths of these
amendments will be readily concurred in by the
House, that simply reading the biil in the Com-
mittee of the Whole would enable us to pass upon
those amendments upon which there is no defer-
ence of opinion, and then we could allow some
shoit discussion upon such amendments as the
House do not readily concur in. I understand
there are some important amendments in reference
to which many members of this House would like
to be heard; and though I am willing that the dis-
cussion shall ho limited to the shortest possible
time, I do not wish to see all discussion stifled. 1
hope, therefore, the bill will not be referred at once
to a committee of conference, but that we shall
allow a short lime for discussion. If we will con-
fine our action to the tax bill and the tariff bill,
and ignore useless and injurious legislation, we
can discuss those two impoi tant bills, and in two
weeks come to some conclusion on them and
adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have but a word
to say upon this t^ me extraordinary proposi-
tion. In the three hundred and fifteen amend-
ments of the Senate to this bill, more important
than any which has for many years been before
the Congress of the United States, it is now pio-
posed, for the purpose of saving time, to non-con-
cur, with a view that they shall be sent directly
to a committee of conference. That may be some-
times proper; but in reference to a matter so im-
portant as this, affecting such'varied interests, it
seems to me that no consideration of time should
inducc this House to depart from the ordinary
mode of legislation. While I am anxious to reach
my home at the earliest possible period, we nev-
ertheless should stay here during our entire term
of office, rather than, in a matter of this import-
ance, to run the hazard of doing injustice to any
interest of the country.
Now, sir, a committee of conference ia the last
resort to effect legislation, and it is only after the
two Houses have exhausted all other means of
coming to an agreement that this mode of pro-
cedure is adopted.
In such an event, it becomes necessary to re-
sort to that last mode; but here, at the very first
blush ofa disagreement between the two Houses,
it is proposed to non-concur without considering
at all the three hundred amendments made to this
bill by the Senate. Some of them are said to be
not of much importance; but I understand that
many of them are of vast importance. It seems
to me that we should not run the hazard of agreat
error in this matter by a more question of time.
It is too momentous a matter to allow of our de-
parting ftom the ordinary and safe course of legis-
lation for any such reason. To put this matter
into a committee of five or six persons, js to de-
part from the rules of legislation which always
govern legislative bodies, and it should not be
allowed unless there is a dire necessity for it.
But a great objection, in addition to objections
which have already been made, is that when the
committee of conference shall have agreed upon
and made a report to the House, it is out of our
power to vote upon the amendments separately,
but we must take the whole or reject the whole.
When the amendments are so varied as they are
here, when they die so different in their natuie,
and so important, it is due to the country that the
House should have an opportunity to vote upon
the amendments severally, rejecting one and adopt-
ing another, and thereby reducing, as far as pos-
sible, the differences between the two Houses.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Illinois
will allow me to make a suggestion for his con-
sideration. Suppose the House now orders a
committee of conference on these several amend-
ments of the Senate, and the conference committee
on the part of the House should make a report
here which in not satisfactory to the House, and
suppose the House lojocts the report of that com-
mittee of conference: 1 ask the gentleman whether,
in that state of the case, the bill with the amend-
ments of the Senate will not be before the House,
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, or considered as the House
may direct? That is my own opinion about it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am not pre-
pared to answer the question which the gentleman
has propounded.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman, to make a remark in relation to
what has just fallen fiom the lips of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. HUTCH INS. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Suppose the
statement of the gentleman from Ohio were cor-
rect, it would to some extent obviate the objection
which I have made, but the almost universal
practice is to agree to the report made by a com-
mittee of conference upon the assumption that it
is the best that can be got. That is the history
of our legislation here; and it is because of the
disposition that there will be, from present indi-
cations, to pass this bill of gigantic proportions
through the House without due consideration,
upon the plea of time, that I am opposed to this
motion. My understanding of the proper rule of
legislation here has always been that we should
never refer a bill to a committee of conference
until we have exhausted all reasonable efforts to
come to an agreement between the two Houses
by separate action on the several amendments.
Now, sir, I do not understand the Committee
of Ways and Means as insisting upon the adop-
tion of this course, but merely as suggesting it
to the House; and I do hope that the House will
not, with a view to save time, depait from the usual
course of procedure, but that they will, for the
purpose of arranging this matter of imposing these
enormous taxes up a# the people, do all in their
