1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
reference to this bill and ail other bills of a similar
description.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I did not
Expect to engage in this discussion now. I hoped,
however, to'have a time when I might say a few
words that, I think, may have some value. I
should like to discourse on this and kindred sub-
jectssomewhatat length at someother time. Now,
nowever, I shall say a few words. I have not felt
it incumbent on me to present the peculiar con-
siderations that belong to this question, for it has
been taken charge of, so far as my State is con-
cerned, by my colleague, and I know him to be a
man of eminent ability, and after having heard
and read his discourse on the subject, I felt satis-
fied that the general aspects of the question had
been presented admirably, and that I could not
improve them.
But, sir, there is one view of the subject which
I propose to discuss now briefly, wherein I differ
radically from the Senator from Maine; and I get
my wisdom from the teachings of past history.
What I have to say now is rather for suggestion
than for advice. Sir, we are talking about eco-
nomical measures, not about developing the coun-
try; .we are talking about economical measures,
not about administrative policy; we are talking
about non-action, not of action; and therein we
are guilty of a great want of wisdom, in myjudg-
ment. After England had been involved in the
wars that grew out of the French revolution, and
great debts were charged upon her, there was this
cry that { hear from theSenatorfiom Maine. The
great debt of the country, the great debt that is
being accumulated upon out* shoulders, is now
spoken of here So it was there. And when the
persons who were seeking popular favor sought
to alarm the people of England, the greatest man
in modtfri* times in the British Parliament, in re-
sponding to the cry of the oppression of debt and
of taxation, said something like this: "but for these
wars and this great burden our ships would not
have been upon all the seas; it has demanded from
England the full expression of the strength of all
her sons; it has developed her commerce with all
the nations, and it has sent her ships upon every
sea." I do not quote the language; I speak the
substance of what was said by Pox in the Eng-
lish Parliament when they were talking about
England being overwhelmed with =£'800,000,000
sterling of debt. Adversaiies made England
strong. Wo are not weak, and we are not hurt
by these assaults. The masters of politico-eco-
nomical science who undertake to say thatbecausc
we happen to be in debt $1,500,000,000—I will
assume that as the figure—therefore, we the peo-
ple of this Republic are in trouble, do not under-
stand what are the true resourres of a great, free
people. England represents a great, free people,
next to ourselves, where the energies of the peo-
ple are brought to bear to meet the necessities of
the day, not by the nod of a monarch but by
action 111 Parliament.
Now, I have to say that we ought not to fear
these things. Let^us develop our national strength
m every form, and not be afraid. Weaie still the
North American Republic. We are still a Gov-
ernment which has power over every State ftom
the Gulf of Mexico to the northern lakes, and
from the shores of the Pacific to the shores of the
Atlantic. The accidents of our condition are
temporary. It is of the first importance that we
should bind ourselves together, and not neglect to
stiongthen ourselves by compelling the wealth of
other States. Thete is the East, and I call Sen-
ators'attention to it; and they who ignore itwill
find themselves in great fault. There is the wealth
of the Orient, and what wealth is that? There
are merchants m towns m China who eould buy
out any twenty merchants in the city of New
York. It is a country full of wealth. Milton
was not wrong when he talked about " barbaric
pearls android." India, again, is the subject of
a contest for command. By our position on the
Pacific we have the opportunity to command all
the ancient East; and if those who occupy high
places of power refuse to lend thuaid of the Gov-
ernment, by legislation and counsel, to promote
these result*, they will find that they have sub-
stitutes here at no very far period in the future.
# Of all the questions thai belong to the march of
civilization and to the development of this coun-
try, wherein the extremist East is reproduced in
the farthest West—of all these problems to them
must belong, and to them must immediately relate
two questions: one is steam communication be-
tween our possessions on the Pacific and the ancient
East, and the other is iron communication between
the shores of the Atlantic and the shores of the
Pacific. These are the two great questions that
belong to the age, and those whoignore-them will
be crushed under the iron wheels of the great car
of progress.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator im-
agine that he can get a vote on this bill to-day?
Mr. LATHAM. I want to get a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. Now I move that the Senate
adjourn. There is evidently no quorum here.
\The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  ,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.*
Friday, jlpnl 18, IS02.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved,
FRANCIS IIUTTMANN.
.Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to report
from the Committee on Commerce a bill lot the
relief of Francis Huttmann, and to put it upon ita
passage at this time.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived, and read a first and second time. m
The bill provides for the return to Francis Hutt-
mann of $1*25 30, the amount of tonnage and light
duties illegally exacted,and of$350 16, the amount
of duties collected in excess upon the cargo of his
vessel.
Mr. h\ A. CONKLING. I do not object to
this bill, but I do desire that my colleague will
state to this House the reason why the Secretary
of the Treasmv cannot pay back this money
under existing laws ?
Mr. WARD. This is not one of those eases
where the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized
to refund this money, and it can only be done by
the passage of a special act of Congress. The
first amount of §125, is for light and tonnage du-
ties illegally exacted in San Francisco, California,
in September, 1848. By the treaty with Peru,
that nation is placed among the most favored na-
tions, and therefore this Peruvian bark was enti-
tled to the privilege of being exempt from the pay-
ment of these light and tonnage duties. ButSan
Francisco was at the time under the control of a
military eolleetor. These duties were paid and
a receipt taken therefor.
The other amount is the excess of duties paid
upon the cargo ofthc same vessel. It is provided
by acts of Congress that invoices shall be made
out in the currency of the country. In many cases
that currency is depreciated, and where it is depre-
ciated, it is provided that the certificate of the con-
sul shall be annexed to the invoice. In this instance
the consular certificate was not annexed. The
duties were paid. The 1 uv furtherprovidesthat,
when the certificate of the consul is not annexed,
the party shall give bond for the production of the
consular certificate. This certificate was after-
wards produced by this party.
This claim was carefully scrutinized by the mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce. The inform-
ation was full and peifect. They are unanimously
of the opinion that the claim ought to be paid. This
money was paid in 1848, yet the committee do not
propose to allow interest upon the amount over-
paid. Under the circumstances, therefore, I hope
that this bill will be passed.
Mr. NOELL. Has this bill been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The gentleman
asked leave to put it on its passage at this time,
and there was no objection.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not object to
this bill particularly; but there are a great many
private bills which have been reported from the
committees of this House and referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar to take their usual course. If 1 had under-
stood that the motion was to put this bill upon its
passage I would have objected, because I do not
think that it is right that one private claim should
have a privilege which is denied to other private
claims. Let them stand and be acted on all alike.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 393, making
further appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending 30th of June, 1862, in order that it
may be taken up and put on its passage. It is a
small appropriation bill, and will not take up more
than a few minutes.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. If the bill be brought
before the House, I want the privilege of adding
a proviso that no more money shall be appropri-
ated for lighting the restaurants of this Capitol.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to the
gentleman submitting that amendment, butl have
one to submit myself.
Mr. DUNN. I object to the consideration of
this bill at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the gentleman
will withdraw his objection. It is neeessary that
this bilTshould be passed at this time.
Mr. DUNN. Then I withdraw my objection.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add at the end of
the bill the following:
To supply tin- deficiency m tho appropriation for the sev-
enth eeu.-us, .*$3,000, or so much thereof as may be found
nceerf&aiy.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move to add to the
bill the following proviso:
Provided, That no tuither appropriation of money shall
be inadu foi the lighting ot the icstaurants in the Capitol.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that this is a small
matter. The gas is supplied to all the rooms in
this bnildtng fiom the same meter, and I do not
see how the gas supplied to the restaurants can
be separated from the gas supplied to other por-
tions of the building, I think that this matter
had better be considered in another bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I understand that it
costs $500 a month to light up the restaurants of
tins building.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not looked into this
matter, but I do not see how the gas supplied to
these restaurants can be separated from the other
gas. I think that $500 a year will reach the cost of
lighting up those lestaurants.
Mr. MeKNIGHT. I understand that there
has been some quarrel between the members of
this House and the persons who keep these res-
taurants. If we are to act on this subject, I think
that there should be some investigation on the
part of some of the members of this House. I do
not want to vote on it until I understand the facts
?n the case. As it is now, we know nothmgabout
it. I hope that the amendment will be rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. There was a quarrel between
the old women in the rotunda, and I do notknow
which was right. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend tho bill by
appropriating §500 a month for spiinkling the
avenue, between the Capitol and the President's
House.
Mr. Speaker, it may be remembered that some
weeks since, at the time when the dust upon the
avenue between the Capitol and the President's
House was so suffocating, a proposition similar to
the one I now submit was brought befoie the
