1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2683
Mr.PHELPS, of Missouri. I understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the proposition now pending is to
insert an additional section to the bill under con-
sideration, providing that when vacancies shall
hereafter occur among the officers of volunteer
regiments, now commissioned by the Governors
of the several States, the President shall have the
power of filling the vacancies and commissioning
the officers. I am opposed to that proposition. I
differ with the views presented yesterday by some
gentlemen on this question. They seemed to think
that because the force in service is a volunteer
force it is therefore not militia,and that the Presi-
dent of the United States has the right to appoint
all the officers. I differ with them. Wc have a
standing Army of the United States—the regular
Army. All the officers of that force are to be
appointed, and arc appointed,by the President of
the United States, under the Constitution. The
power of organizing the militia was reserved to
Congress. The first act passed by Congiess for
organizing the militia was passed in 179§, and in
that vcry.act a volunteer force was provided for.
It provided that all persons between the ages of
eighteen and forty-five, except those who by that
act were exempted from military service, and such
as might be excused from military scrvice by the
States, should be organized into companies, regi-
ments, and brigades of infantry. A provision,
however, was made that certain portions of the
militiaforceshouldconsistof artilleryand cavalry,
to be composed of those who might volunteer for
these arms of the service. They were all to be
officered by the States. The militia force of the
United States consists of the volunteers and of all
others who may be duly subject to military duty,
enrolled in pursuance of the act of 1792, and the
laws of the several States enacted to carry i n to effect
that act of Congress. In my opinion the volun-
teer force now in the service of the United States
is a militia force. If it were a part of the regular
Army, Congress would have no power to delegate
the appointment of officers to the Governors of
States, and those holding such commissions would
not be properly entitled to the rank which they
hold. The authority of the President of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint officers cannot be delegated to
others. But we may by law vest the appointment
of officers in the President alone, in the heads of
Departments, or in the courts of law. The au-
thority is exclusive. We have now some six or
seven hundred regiments in the field that wen*
raised as a. volunteer militia in the States. All
their officers have been commissioned in pursu-
ance of the laws of the States where the regiments
have been raised.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Will the
gentleman yield to mc for an amendment?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes; but I do not
wish to abandon the floor.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the word
"President," and inserting m lieu theicof the
words " said Governors;" so that vacancies here-
after occurring among the officeis of the volunteer
regiments commissioned by the Governors of the
Status shall be supplied by the said Governors.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 am willing that
amendment should be offered.
Mr. Speaker, we have now some seven hundred
regiments in the volunteer service of the United
States—seven hundred regiments of volunteer
militia. The officers of all these regiments weie \
appointed in pursuance of the laws of the several j
States in which they were raised and organized, j
But here we have the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that whenever vaean- !
cies occur by the death or resignation of commis- j
sinned officers m any of the regiments, instead of |
pei mittingthe successor to be appointed and com-
missioned m pursuance of the laws of the States
in which such regiment was raised, the President
of the United States is to fill the vacancy.
I say that is unjust. You by this means not j
only confer—if you have the power to confer— j
upon the Piesident of the United States the power !
of appointing officers to fill these vacancies, but <
you give precedence to those officers so appointed •
by the President over officeis of the same grade '
appointed by the Governors of States. The rules i
and articles of war provide that when militia and !
regular troops are serving together, and the ques- I
lion in respect to command is between officers of '
the same grade in the two branches of the service,
the officer of the regular Army shall take preced-
ence, notwithstanding he may hold a junior com-
mission.
In other words, if a colonel of a volunteer regi-
ment in the service of the United States should
resign or be killed in battle, if this section should
be enacted into a law, and the President should
make an appointment to fill the vacancy thus cre-
ated, the colonel thus commissioned by the Pres-
ident would take precedence over every other
colonel commissioned by the Governor of a State
in the volunteer service of the country. And so
in reference to captains. The man who may be
commissioned to-morrow under this law, if it shall
be enacted, by the President of the United States,
will outrank every other captain in the regiment,
although others may have been commissioned by
the Governor of the State in which the regiment
was raised twelve months ago.
But leaving the eorisideiation of justice out of
the question, I ask, is it expedient to introduce into
a regiment officers holding their commissions from
different authorities? Will it produce a whole-
some effect upon the officers already in the service ?
I ask, again, is it not an infringement upon the
militia laws of the several States ? In nearly every
State the militia law authorizes the men themselves
to elect the company officers. The captain and
lieutenants of the company arc elected by the men,
the return is made to the Governor of the State,
who thereupon commissions them. With respect
to the field officers, two and perhaps three differ-
ent systems prevail. In some of the States, the
field officers of regiments are commissioned by
the Governor upon his own selection, in others,
they are commissioned by the Governor upon the
nomination of the commissioned officeis of the
regiment, and in others, 1 believe, they ate com-
missioned upon the nomination of the officers and
men of the regiment, it seems to mo, therefore,
there is no good reason foi the passage of the sec-
tion as repotted by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Browne] proposes to
reenact the present law, for the act of 1861 pro-
vides that these officers shall be commissioned
by the Governors of the respective States. The
amendment of the gentleman from Rhode Island
is to strike out the words " President of the Uni-
ted States," and to inset t the woids " Governors
of the States." Now, I am willing to do that. I
am willing that these officers shall be commis-
sioned by the Governors. If the men of the com-
pany have heretofore elected their own captain
and lieutenants, I desire that they shall still retain
the power to elect them. I know that under this
section, as proposed, the matter is referred to the
commissioned officers of the regiment, but I pre-
fer that the men themselves shall have the power
to designate their own company officeis who are
to lead them into battle.
The provision which wc are asked to adopt now
denies to the privates in the volunteer regiments
ail right or power of a voice in designating the of-
ficers under who.n ihey are to sei vc, and deprives
the Governors of the several States of all power
to commission officers of the volunteer regiments
organized under the authority of such States. I
hope the House will not give its assent to that
provision.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. DIDDLE. I desire the floor for a moment,
not for the purpose of making a speech.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think this question
has been sufficiently discussed.
Mr. BIDDLE. We have had the play of Ham-
let with the part of Hamlet omitted. J desire to
read the law which it is now proposed to alter.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I take it for granted
that every gentleman understands what the law is.
Mr. BIDDLE 1 do not think so. I can show
that an amendment just now proposed was in al-
most the identical words of the original law which
is to be altered by this bill.
The SPEA FCKR. Upon what does the gentle-
man from Missouri demand the previous question f
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Upon the adoption
of the section.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BIDDLE. Jt is never my desire to retard
the business of the House bymaking long speeches.
My object in seeking the floor was simply to read
the existing law, which is nearly what- this section
would he if amended as wasproposed by thegen^
tlemanfrom Rhode Island. TheenactmentofJuly
last provided as follows:
"The Governors of the States furnishing volunteers un-
der this act shall commission the field,staff, and company
officers requisite for the said volunteers; but in cases where
the State authorities refuse or omit to furnish volunteers at
the call or on the proclamation of the President, and vol-
unteers from such Suites offer their set vices under &uch
call or proclamation, the President shall have power to ac-
cept such services, and to commission the proper field, staff,
and company officers."
_ This authority to the President was an excep-
tion, growing out of a very extraordinary condi-
tion of things, in which Governors not loyal to the
Constitution, or not desirous at least of maintain-
ing it by arms, refused to call out volunteers;
and I advert to this because the gentleman from
Missouri, contrary to the ordinary rules of logic,
argues from the exception, instead of from the
rule, that the general authority of the President
to appoint these officers has thus been rccognizcd
by this Congress. But, sir, this state of things
was of very short duration; for in August of the
same year, in the same session, the following pro-
vision was made:
"That vacancies hereafter occurring among the commis-
sioned officers of the volunteer regiments shall be filled by
the Governors of the States, respective]}', in thesaiwe man-
ner as original appointments. And so much of the tenth
socuon of the act approved July £2, 1861, as is inconsistent
herewith be, and the same is hereby, repealed."
The provision, then, of the law as it now ex-
ists, is that the Governors of the respective States
shall fill all vacancies in the same manner as the
original appointments arc made. And can any-
thing be conceived more proper than this pro-
vision ? Alter it as proposed m this bill, and you
would have in each regiment officers appointed
m different ways—one man holding his commis-
sion from the Piesident, and another holding his
from the Governor of his State. There would be
want of uniformity; there would possiblybe col-
lision between such officers. think, speaking
as one of the Representatives of Pennsylvania,
that she is well satisfied with the present system,
and I hope it will not be changed.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I withdraw
my amendment. It was predicated upon the first
law. Under that law the Wur Department found
it necessary to issue special orders, owing to the
peculiar manner in which the law is worded. It
provides that particular officers shall be commis-
sioned by the Governor of the State. On that a
question arose whether, although those officers
might be commissioned by the Governor of a State,
they might not be appointed by the President ot
the United States. As I have said, the War De-
partment found it necessary to issue a special
order that the Governor not only should commis-
sion these officers, but that he should also appoint
them. It was for that reason that L moved my
amendment. I do believe that the Governors of
the States should appoint these officers, and not
the Piesident of the United States. Unless we
provide that the Governors of the States shall ap-
point, the President may be considered to have
that power, inasmuch as this is not a militia force
but a volunteer force, belonging to the Aimy ot
the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I now renew the
demand for the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof, the seventeenth amendment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was disagreed to.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
See. 29. Jlndhe it further cnutlcJ, Th.it otficers of mi-
litia or volunteer raiments, when in tiie United States ser-
vice by commission fiom any State of the Union, tdiali have
equal rank with officers ot like grade b} commission from
the United Slated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Nineteenth amendment:
Insert the following an additional scction :
Sue. 30- And he it further rrwrfrd, That the tenth section
of the act, ciiaptei loity-two, appioved August ii. 1801, be,
and is hereby, lepealed.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my
hand the tenth section of the act referred to in the
amendmentof the Committee on Alilitary Affairs.
It is as follows:
"That hcreaft.ci two dollais per month j*hali be retained
out of the pay of each enlisted man in the regular Army until
