1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
20E
3Yth Coxa.... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Beaman.
Ho. of Reps.
individuals on land, yet, by the law of nations, all
property on the sea found in violation of the rev-
enue laws, or of the laws of blockade, is subject
to seizure and forfeiture. By the same principle
on which England enforced its blockade of the
Crimea. It is, under the law of nations, the right
of every nation to regulate the entries to and de-
partures from its own ports; and therefore this law
which the gentleman has read follows the same
principle precisely as the revenue laws. The dis-
tinction is just as broad and well defined as the
common law itself.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts what unlawful act
these goods have committed?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. They have
violated the laws and regulations of the United
States Govern mentin respect to entering the ports
of the United States.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Then you punish the goods
for entering the port?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. On pre-
cisely the same principle that you forfeit a ship's
cargo for vioh'ing the revenue laws.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Does the passage of a law
declaring the inhabitants of ccrtain districts in a
state of rebellion take away the right of trial by
jury, for which the gentleman contends? Does
that make goods seeking to enter a port, subjcct
to forfeiture?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. There is
an interdiction placed upon that district of coun-
try for the purpose of suppressing the rebellion, a
non-intercourse act is declared, and goods found
in violation of it are subject to forfeiture, as they
were under the non-intercourse act of 1808, on
the same principle that goods found in violation
of the revenue laws are subject to forfeiture.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Does not the liberation of
the slaves and the forfeiture of the property of
rebels who are found in violation of the law, fol-
low the same principle?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That is an
entirely different matter.
Mr. HUTCHINS. In both instances the right
of forfeiture without trial by jury, by reason of
the rebellion, follows. I thinlc the two cases are
parallel. I am sorry the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts cannot see it.
CONFISCATION OF ItEBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. F. C. BEAMAN,
Ql? MICHIGAN-,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. BEAMAN said: _
Mr. Speaker: Propositions looking to the con-
fiscation of the property of rebels have been before
the country for several months, and have been
elaborately discussed in and out of Congress.
Some gentlemen upon this floor, I understand,
utterly deny the fegal power of confiscation; while
others, without raising the question of constitu-
tional authority, suggest doubts as to the expe-
diency of its exercise. On the other hand, among
those who agree that treason deserves punishment,
and that the authors of the present vast national
indebtedness should contribute in some degree to
its discharge, much difference of opinion exists as
to the proper details of the law to be adopted for
that purpose. Evidence of these dissonant opin-
ions sufficiently appears in the numerous resolves
and bills introduced , as well into the Senate as into
the House of Representatives. That the minds
of men should somewhat differ under present cii-
cumstances is to me no cause for marvel. Duiing
a period of seventy years our people seemed con-
tent with a Government wholly cieated or con-
trolled by themselves. Bating some slight insur-
rections, too insignificant to excite serious appre-
hension, the Government had no occasion to resort
to force. Unparalleled individual success, unri-
valed public prosperity, and the largest personal
liberty consistent with orderly society, seemed to
be sufficient guarantees for preserving the Consti-
tution against internal violence; and nothing oc-
curred to suggest an inquiry into the latent powers
and resources of the Government for its own con-
servation. But suddenly,and almost without pre-
monition, the country is involved in civil war—a
war of such gigantic proportions as to endanger
the existence of the Republic, to call forth all the
resources of the country, and to invoke all the
constitutional powers of the Government for its
suppression. It was this new, strange, and un-
expected condition of affairs that created, for the
first time in our history, the necessity of examin-
ing the fundamental law with a view to ascertain
how far its provisions will warrant an interference
with private property and private rights as a pun-
ishment for treason. That intelligent minds and
able lawyers would arrive at somewhat different
results was to be expected. The importance of
the subject, various habits of thought, sectional
feeling, conflicting interests, fancied or real, par-
tisan bias, peculiar-notions of constitutional con-
struction—all these would tend to lead the minds
of men to discordant conclusions. Perhaps the
bills now before the House—the one touching the
confiscation of property, and the other contem-
plating the freedom of certain persons held to ser-
vice—are the productions of minds more or less
operated upon by some, if not all, of such influ-
ences. I am not quite certain that cither of these
bills is in all respects precisely in accordanec with
the piedilection of a single member of the com-
mittee that reported them. But they presented
grounds upon which a majority of the committcc
could agree, and I trust they will find like favor
with the House.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not, at this late hour, at-
tempt a constitutional argument. I am relieved
from that duty by the discussions already had, as
well on this floor as in the other wing of the Cap-
itol. The examination of the provisions of the
Constitution bearing upon the bills now under
consideration has been thorough, minute, and ex-
haustive, and the gleaner will find little to com-
pensate him for his toil. For myself, I find no
impediment in the way of legislation, nothing in
the organic law to prevent the adoption of meas-
ures necessary to the safety of the Government.
I do not believe, nor will the people be easily
convinced, that the fiamers of the Constitution
intended to withhold from the Government the
powers essential to its own preservation. It was
ordained in order to sceuie the blessings of liberty,
not to encourage rebel! ion, treason, and despotism.
It was created to protect loyal citizens, rather than
to screen traitors. It was intended to have a rea-
sonable construction—a construction that would
insureits supremacy and perpetuate its existence.
The right of self-preservation and the power to
use ail suitable and available means for that end,
are inherent in all Governments without express
provisions for that, purpose; nor is this rule changed
by the fact that the Government i.*? based upon a
written Constitution. This doctrine is clearly
stated and well illustrated and enforced by the
President in his message of the 5th of July last, in
speaking of this very rebellion, in which ho says:
"The whole of the laws which were requited to be faith-
fully executed were being jesisted, and failingofcxecution
m nearly one third of the States. iVlu-a they be allowed to
finally fail of execution, even had it been perfectly clear
that by the use of the means nece.ssaiy to their execution,
tome single law, made in such extreme tenderne^ of the
citizen's liberty that, ptacttcally, it relieves moie ot the
guilty than of the innocent, should, to a very limited ex-
tent, be violated? To stale the question moie directly, arc
'all the laws but one to go unexecuted, and tlm Government
itself go to pieces, Je«t that one he violated i F.vrn in such
a case, would not the official oath be broken il the Gov-
ernment should be overthrown, when it was believed that
disregarding the single l.iw would tend to prevent it?"
In other words, it would be a solecism to say
that the spirit of the Constitution can be violated
in the act of preserving the Government, if no
more be done than is positively accessary to that
end. We need not, however, invoke any powers
not plainly granted or existing by necessary im-
plication in the charter of our liberties; nor need
we insist upon loose, latitudinarian constructions.
I do not believe that it should be twisted, bent, or
strained, so as to meet the exigency of every oc-
casion not fairly within its scope. On the con-
trary, I hold that it should be regarded as a rule,
or system of rules, fitm and inflexible, and ex-
pounded according to established principles of
enlightened jurisprudence. At the same time there
is a consideration that it would be unwise to over-
look, and idle to attempt to conceal. Ours is a
government of the people, the masses of whom
are not lawyers, nor juiists, but who, neverthe-
less, are endowed with plain, practical common
sense, and with capacity for rational comprehen-
sion. In the North, certainly, they cheerfully
submit to a rigid administration of the laws; but
being without professional knowledge or skill,
they naturally have more regard for right and sub-
stantial justice than for technicality and form.
The fine-spun theories and sophistry of certain
eminently "constitutional gentlemen" they do
not care perhaps to investigate. They would not
slop to procure a license to enter a neighbor's
burning dwelling-house in order to rescue a child
from devouring flames. They would not hesitate
to plunge into the water within one of your cities
to save a man from drowning, because of munici-
pal regulations against bathing within certain cor-
porate limits.
There are some principles and theories under-
stood by philosophers and jurists, not compre-
hensible to the common people. There are, never-
theless, certain facts and principles of ethics, as
"Well as of law, patent to the minds both of the
learned and the unlearned. The husbandman and
the artisan, equally with the scholar, statesman,
and divine, clearly distinguish the great dividing
line between virtue and vice. Very slight knowl-
edge of the history of nations enabled the Ameri-
can citizen to understand that he was blessed with
the enjoyment of the best Government in the
world; and now without the light radiating from
luminous treatises on the Constitution, he knows
that his Government has been wickedly assaulted
and besieged by traitors, and that it has been in
imminent peril of utter annihilation. lie knows
that, in order lo resist that assault, the industrial
and commercial interests of ihe country have been
paralyzed, and that the wealth of the nation has
flowed out of the Treasury like lunnins; waters.
Ho knows and sees that lm native land is being
fertilized with the heart's Mood of his country-
men, of his neighbors, perhaps of his near and
dear kindred. lie has learned, possibly, that the
skull of Ins first-born son has been tiansformed
into a drinking cup, to flow with sparkling wine
on the marriage day of his mmderer. And he
believes and elenily understands that this rebel-
lion is unconstitutional violence, and that this
destruction of life is unconstitutional murder.
Sir, uninstructed by these scholastic, subtle,
constitutional gentlemen, he thought he had a Gov-
ernment legally competent to punish unconstitu-
tional acts. On many national anniversary days
he had mingled with his countryman around the
old flagstaff, and listened with patriotic pride to
glowi'ngeulogies upon the American Constitution,
and the strength and resources of his cherished
Government. Was this all fancy, a mere Utopian
dream? Did seven hundred thousand men,at the
call of their President, rush to the field of slaughter
and of death m the defense of a mere abstraction,
an imaginary Government? They do not, they
will not believe it; and no Protean hand can so
manipulate the Constitution as to make them sens-
ible of such folly. They read the Constitution,
and plainly discover provisions against treason and
rebellion; but they search in vain for any clause or
sentence securing the property of rebels against
confiscation. They find that " no attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeit-
ure, exceptdunngthe lifeofthepeison attainted*,"
but the bills under consideration ptopose no at-
tainder whatever, they provide for no conviction
of treason.
The Constitution faiily construed is a shield
for protection, but false interpretation may trans-
form it into an instrument for evil. 1 fear that
this framework of our Government has been
sometimes slandered and traduced. I imagine that
it has sometimes been charged with wrongs of
which it wasentirely innocent. Misinterpretation
ofthe Constitution isan expedient frequently, be-
cause conveniently resorted to, when it is sought
to defeat measures which on other grounds would
not be objectionable. It will not, however, es-
cape the notice of observant minds that the Con-
stitution is most cherished and held most sacred
by its peculiar guardians when the negro or pe-
culiar institution is in the slightest danger. It is,
