204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
31-th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Beaman.
Ho. oe Reps.
however, usually considered safe, comprehensive,
clear, and ample on all propositions calculated to
enhance the power of the divine institution. The
Constitution staggered very little, if at all, under
the purchase of Louisiana and the admission of
Texas. It was not heard to utter a single groan
when Cuba, nolens volens, was about to come to
its embraces. Did any gentleman every hear one
of, these guardians of the Constitution complain
of a violation of that instrument because of the
seizure and condemnation of persons under the
fugitive slave law without due process of law and
trial by jury?
Mr. Speaker, the disturbance in the southern
States is no longer sedition nor insurrection*, itis
rank rebellion of a dangerous tendency. It has
reached that point where itis manifest that moral
suasion and mild measures are ineffectual and in-
applicable. It is not a subject for negotiation. It
is a struggle for supremacy, and must be decided
by the preponderance of force. It has been prose-
cuted by the rebels with such vigor and with such
circumstances of persistence, cruelty, and barbai-
ity, that the Government is compelled, by the ob-
ligations of self-presei vation and in justice to loyal
citizens, to employ all means consistent with tiiis
age of civilization to bring At to a speedy and
final termination. In devising and adopting such
means, it is obviously essential that we have some
reference to the origin, aims, and character of the
contest in which we are engaged. 1 would not
wantonly utter one woid calculated, unnecessa-
rily, to excite the popular mind; yet, on great
questions involving the existence of the nation
every man in the slightest degree connected with
public affaiis should speak frankly and plainly.
The original and continuing cause of the re-
bellion is slavery, and all attempts to conceal or
disguise the fact are simply absurd. I know it,
you know it, and the rebels avow it. I hesitate
not to express the opinion that had it originated
in any other cause it would not have lived to be
six months old. Had Puritan New England
adopted ordinances of secession on the 19th day
of December, I860, and inaugurated war, because
the Government would not give piotection to her
manufactures, to-day Boston would be in ruins
and Lowell would not retain a sufficient number of
spindles to spin a pound of cotton. In that case
the Constitution would have been deemed clear,
ample, and sufficient. But there is a striking dif-
ference between tariffs and negioes. John Brown
invaded the Commonwealth ofVirginia,and was
hung by the neck until lie was dead. James M.
Mason and Jeff Davis have only made war against
the United States—they are simply "our mis-
guided southern brethren." Slavery has inaugu-
rated war; slavery has battered down your forts;
slavery has robbed your mints; slavery lias mur-
dered your citizens; and shivery still lives to
decimate your armies, exhaust your Treasury,
and influence your legislation.
I am in favor of confiscating the enemy's prop-
erty and placing the proceeds in the Treasury
which has been depleted by treason. It would be
just as an indemnity; it is necessary as a punish-
ment. I am in favor of liberating the slaves of
rebels; it would weaken the enemy, and, in part,
remove the cause of the war. That we have clear,
constitutional warrant for such legislation, 1 have
not a shadow of doubt. Ail patriots and loyal
men revere the Constitution. We have substan-
tial evidence thatour people will guard it with their
lives. I speak not by official authority, but I am
informed ihat fifty thousand of our noble men
have already oifered up the greatest and most pre-
cious possible sacrificcs upon the altar of their
country, and have gone to join the company of
like martyis of Lexington and Bunker Hill. And
now our armies have penetrated into an unwonted
region, whose climate is surcharged with mias-
matic pestilence almost as destructive of life as
the Asiatic cholera. Sir, unconstitutional acts of
violence and wickedness have occasioned the rais-
ing of your mighty armies; violation of the Con-
stitution has created a national indebtedness of
six hundred millions of dollais, more or less; un-
constitutional minder and assassination have fur-
rowed the country with soldiers'graves and caused
the atmosphere surrounding a great nation to be-
come tremulous with the wailingyof widows ami
orphans. Yet we are daily and hourly warned to
beware of violating the Constitution. Jeff Davis
battered down Sumter, proclaiming at the same
time that it was unconstitutional to coerce a State
or to disarm traitors. The rebel slave-master goes
into thccamp of your soldiers with his hands reek-
ing with loyal blood and demands the surrender of
his escaped slave, claiming it as a right under the
Constitution—that Constitution which he has re-
pudiated, lacerated, spit upon, and trampled under
his feet. Sir, the mighty people of this country
are not technical lawyers, but they have eais that
can hear, eyes that can see, hearts that can feel,
and minds that can understand, and they will not
be convinced by sophistry, however ingenious,
that the Constitution protects only the property
and lives of traitors.
If the Government has erred in the conduct of
this war, it has done so on the side of clemency
and indulgence. Conciliatory proclamations have
met with contempt. Mild legislation has only in-
creased the conceit of the rebels, and incited then?
to greater acts of boldness. In the mean time,
what has been the conduct of the rebels? Men,
on mere suspicion of Union sentiments, have been
driven from their homes, cast into prison, or
scourged, and ignommiously put to death. Their
estates have been confiscated to furnish means for
protracting this inhuman struggle. The leaders of
the rebellion, so far from regarding the claims of
the Constitution, do not even respect the rules of
civilized warfare. On what principle do they claim
rights under that instrument, eveiy command of
which they have disobeyed, every principle of
winch they have violated? The only duty that
the Constitution owes them is that of punishment,
a duty imperatively demanded by justice'to the
loyal North. The people who havo raised the
men and the means for the defense of the Govern-
ment are becoming urgent, restless, almost clam-
orous. They demand justice at the hands of their
Representatives. They have seen their estates
reduced and impaired by violations of the Consti-
tution; they invoke the aid of that Constitution,
and insist that the wrongdoers shall be compelled,
in some degree, to make reparation. If you would
put down the enemy, you must take away his
means of subsistence. The destruction of a few
thousand menby bullets will avail little,especially
if you lose five of your own in camp while you
kill one of the enemy. Is it cruel to deprive him
of his property? It is still more so to take away
his life; yet you do not hesitate for that purpose
to employ the most terrible engines of destruction
of ancient mi modern invention. It is a false theory
that counsels inefficient measures and a temporiz-
ing policy.
A just legard for humanity arid for the economy
of tieasurc and of life dictates vigoious proceed-
ings with the view to a speedy and exemplary
termination of the war. There are four millions
of beings in the South loyal to their Government,
who are compelled against their will to fight
against their country. They raise cotton and sugar,
hoe corn, dig trenches, build fortifications, and,
it is said, carry muskets. They in fact comprise
almost the entire industrial population of the rebel
States. They are the sinews of war, a large ele-
ment of southern wealth, and the main pillar as
well as the innocent cause of the rebellion. Re-
move that population and you end the struggle.
Release them from their fetters, and allow them
to dig your trenches and build your fortifications,
and you save the lives of your soldiers by the.
same act that weakens your enemies. It seems
to me that a proposition so plain as this needs
little argument or illustration to enforce it. It mat-
ters little whether these people bear arms, nor
whether they are actually employed in military
operations; they nevertheless constitute a large
portion of the workingmen of the South, and they
furnish means for the support of the army. Re-
move from the population of the North, in the
same proportion, her farmers, artisans, and man-
ufacturers, and the Government would never con-
quer this rebellion, especially if their energies and
services were secured and employed by the enemy.
It seems to me a strange spectacle to behold a
Government straining every nerve to preserve its
cxistenccagainst the assaults of a ruthless foe, and
at the same time aiding or permitting that foe to
retain the unwilling services of a population of
four millions of oppressed but loyal citizens. Dis-
guise it as you may, you have thus far, in effect,
compelled that unfortunate people to be disloyal.
You have compelled them to be traitors. You
have compelled them to dig trenches and erect for-
tifications for the enemy. You have compelled
them to apply the torch to the enemy's powder
that has sent death and destruction into the midst
of your own people. Is this course sound policy?
Is it justice? Is it humanity? Is it statesman-
ship?
I say that these acts have been performed, m
effect, by your compulsion; because, instead of
encouraging that people to come to your aid and
to servo their country, you have repelled them.
Let it be proclaimed that they are free, and that
they will be protected by the strong arm of the
Government,and they will rally around the stand-
ard of their country, as children flee from danger
to the arms of their parent. It is too late to urge
that they are satisfied with their condition. The
dusky population of frosty Canada, the late clamor
for a fugitive slave law, the migrations from Mis-
souri, the recent exodus from Maryland and Vir-
giniainto this-city, the constantarrival of deserters
to our camps, and the splendid exploit of Robert
Small, and his brave fellow-slaves on board the
Planter, sufficiently refute all such pretenses.
Why, then, do you hesitate to grant justice to
these loyal men—justice to the North, justice to
the Government, and justice to the rebels? Free*
dom to the slaves of rebel masters would be but
simple justice, because they are faithful, and com-
prise all or nearly all the true men of the cotton
States. With the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Noell] "I take the broad ground that ten loyal men
arc entitled, in any given State, to more consider-
ation than a million of traitors, and so far as I am
concerned, 1 will undertake to carry it out in every
vote and every act while I have the privilege of
occupying aseatupon this floor." Though often
repelled from your camps by bristling bayonets,
they have continued faithful; waiting patiently for
an opportunity to serve their country, and have
repeatedly communicated to the Government in-
formation of the highest importance.
It would be justice to the North, because she
has already sacrificed too much of life in a war
waged by rebel masters, and much more of that
priceless treasure will hereafter perish, which
mitrht be saved by a judicious employment of the
blacks in relieving to some extent our men in the
unhealthy climate in which they are located. It
is unjust, it is improvident, it is cruel, to allow
our gallant people to die of disease by thousands
and tens of thousands, when men are ready, will-
ing, and even anxious to save them. It would be
justice to the Government, because it is entitled,
in times of great peril, to the coidial, active, and
efficient support of all its people. It would be
condign justice to the traitors, because they have
used their slaves in carrying on the war, violated
every principle of the Constitution, and forfeited
all claim to its protection. I do not inquire whether
it would be justice to the claims of humanity, in
the sight of Hun who holds in His hand the des-
tinies of all the political Powers of the earth, and
notes and punishes the sins of nations as well as
of individuals. Though not foigetting that the sa-
gacious and puie-mmded Jeffcison tiembled for
his country when he reflected that " God is just,"
and declared that " the Almighty has no attribute
that can take sides with us in such a contest," I
leave this topie, trusting that we may not realize
in our case the words of Macbeth:
" Wo but teach
Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return
To plague the inventor: this even-handed justice
Commends the ingredients of our poj&ontd chalice
To our own lip5?.5'
But once more I ask, why do you hesitate ? Are
you restrained by constitutional scruples? Is it
constitutional to kill a rebel but unconstitutional
to permit his slave to cease to war against his
Government? The amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynaiid] makes
the selling of a pair of shoes, with the knowledge
and intent that the same shall be used and em-
ployed for the purpose of hostile operations
against the United States, treason; and provides
that the party convicted shall suffer death by
hanging. 1$ it lawful to execute a traitor, but un-
lawful to permit his slave to become a loyal man ?
