.702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
in its intention, and designed to.mislead the public.
This is his language:
t£ Nor are the committee at all shaken in tills opinion by
the ostentatious display—in parallel columns in the table
affixed to the Secretary's letter—of the price asked and the
price paid for each vessel.
"The manner in which a great saving is mode to the
Government, or rather is made to appear, is by putting down
fabulous and enofnious prices in the col uinn of prices asked,
side by side with the piices paid. Thus, the price asked
for the steamship Mississippi is two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, ($250,000,) and the price paid is two hundred
thousand dollars, ($200,000,) malting a saving in this trade
alone of fifty thousand dollars, (§50,000.) The price as ked
for the steamship Eagle is two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, (§250,000,) and the price paid is one hundred and
eighty-five thousand dollars, ($185,000,) showing an ap-
parentsavingof sixty-five thousand dollars, ((£65,000.) The
steamship James Adger has an asking price of one hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars, (125,000,) while the ptice
for which she was bold was eighty-five thousand dollar-*,
($85,000.) making an apparent savin? in the purchase of thus
vessel or forty thousand dollars, ($40,000.) But the most
remaiftable case of success that Mi. Morgan had m redu-
cing the price asked down to the puce actually paid, was
in the'puichase of the steamship ^Alabama, where the
price asked was one hundred and twenty thousand dollars,
($120,000,) while the pi ice paid was only twenty- three thou-
sand dollars, (£23,000,) thus showing a saving to the Gov-
ernment, in the purchase of this single vessel ot small value,
of ninety-seven thousand dollais, ($07,000.)
"From these statement-*, taken from this table, jour
committee with confidence appeal to the Senate and the
country to judge whether it was made in honesty and good
foith, with a view of stating fall Iv what were the actual
prices demanded for those vessels, or with the falte and
fraudulent purpose of hokhn&out to the Government and
tiie country the idea that such vast amounts had been
Actually saved to the Government by the agency of Mr.
Morgan."
Now, sir, a very little examination would have
shown the Senator that the prico actually paid for
the Alabama was not $23,000, and that he was
heralding; to the country, as proof of a fraudu-
lent design, what was merely a clerical error.
The Senator, as chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee, must of course have a perfect knowledge of
the value of steamships. The Alabama is a ves-
sel of twelve hundred and sixty-one tons burden.
The usual price for steamers is about one hundred
dollars per ton, whereas the price paid for her, as
stated by the Senator, would be only about eigh-
teen dollars per ton. If bought for eighteen dol-
lars per ton, she was almost, as a matter of course,
worthless; the engine being of greater value; and
the committee, I think, should have denounced the
purchase on that ground; but, on inquiry, they
would have learned that the price really paid was
$93,000; and that, instead of fraud, lie had dis-
covered a typographical error. This would have
been the more easily perceived had the Senator
been willing to give a moment's time to the sub-
ject, from the price paid for the Augusta, imme-
diately preceding the Alabama in the list—her
tonnage being thirteen hundred and ten, and the
prico being §1)6,000. Yet the Senator, in his re-
port, seizes with earnestness upon the evidently
mistaken statement, thatthe Alabama was bought
for #23,000, while the price asked was $120,000,
as evidence of a design to impose upon the public.
An investigation pmsued in such a spirit, allow
me to say, cannot fail to find supposed defects in
the conduct of the most faithful public officer.
But the chairman of the Naval Committee dwells
mainly on the fact that the compensation received
by Mr. Morgan was large; and he declares the
services rendered by him to have been compara-
tively trilling. 1 have no intention of denying that
Mr. Morgan, from the peculiar nature of his ser-
vices, received in the aggregate a largo compensa-
tion. The Secretary of the Navy stated this m
his annual report. But how, 1 a.sk, could Mr.
Welles have prevented this, even if he had fore-
seen it? He could but avail himself of the ordi-
nary usages of mercantile business. He had no
power to enter into a eontiact with Mr. Morgan.
He could authorize no commission to be laken.
He could stipulate for none. He could only per-
mit the parties to the sale, namely, Mr. Morgan
and the seller, to make their own arrangement as
to the commission; and provided the Uovernment
received the value of its money in the ships pur-
chased, his duty was done. The truth probably
was that the question of the amount of commis-
sion did not occur to the Secretary. The objcct
which occupied and absorbed his thoughts was
the procuring for the Government, at their fair
value, a sufficient number of safe, reliable, sea-
worthy vessels. For this purpose a great sum of
money was to be expended—an expenditure of
millions—in which, unless carefully watched and
guarded by the honest vigilance of the chief of the
Navy Dcprtttment,immense frauds mightbe com-
mitted. To guard against these frauds was un-
doubtedly the main objcct of the Secretary. And
now, on investigation, the great, conceded, con-
trolling fact appears that these vast purchases
were made and this immense expenditure in-
curred without the slightest suspicion that the
Government has been defrauded m the purchase,
or failed to receive the full value of the money ex-
pended. All this the Secretary has accomplished
under the most difficult and perplexing circum-
stances; yet all this is nothing in the eyes of the
Naval Committee, because the agent by whose
exertions and by whose skill it has been accom-
plished has been too hborally compensated. Sir,
I am ready, as one of the guardians of the people's
interest, to award to the Secretary the praise to
which I think he is entitled for having caused
these vast purchases to be prudently and hon-
estly made, even though, in so doing, the course
of mercantile usage has thrown a heavy compen-
sation into the hands of the agent by whom it was
effected.
Had the committee carefully examined this sub-
ject with reference to the extent and value of Mr.
Morgan's services, they could not, I*think, have
come to the conclusion that these services were
" trifling " and unimportant, or that they were
of small value to the Government if viewed in the
light of the saving of money effected by him.
To take out of the"market an amount of tonnage
so immense, without stimulating a demand which
should enormously inflate the price of the prop-
eity to be purchased, roquhed m itself a degree
of skill and sagacity possessed by few, and we
find that this was done in a manner which resulted
in giving the Government the staunchest and best
of ships at a price so low as to excite the surprise
of the ablest shipping merchants of New York.
I will give a single instance, as a specimen, of the
saving effected by the agent in question. On the
23d of April last, the Secretary of the Navy au-
thorized Commodore Breese to purchase certain
vessels for blockade and transport purposes, and
directed that before concluding the bai^ain Mr.
Morgan should be consulted. Commodoic Breese
accordingly proceeded to make the purchasesmcn-
tioned m the following paper, to which the signa-
ture of Mr. Morgan was required by the Secre-
tary of the Navy before completing the bargain:
" The undersigned, at the icqunst of the honorable Scc-
retaiy of the Navy, m a letter addicssed to Commodore
Samuel L. Breese, dated 23d Apnl, 1801, and subsequent
ones of 29th April and 7th May, authorizing the chartci or
purchase of ceitam vessels for servicc m the Navy as trans-"-
poits, oi foi blockading jmipo-es, state that the following
voxels have boon eharteicd on terin^ meeting our appro-
bation by Commodoto Uree^e, and that under the circum-
stances and exigencies ol the ca<e, we consider tb4at said
ehaiters have been made on favorable terms to the Gov-
ernment:
u With U. 15 Cromwell St Co.:
<• Foi the steamer Montieello, at $8,000 per month, with
pnvilegc to piiK'ha^c for tin; sum of $80,000.
u For the steamn Mount Vernon, at $8,000 per month,
Willi piivilcgc lo pttieha^e tor the sum of$8d}0u0.
" for the sicnnn'i lluntsviile, at ft 10,000 per month, with
privilege lo pntehrKo (or the sum ot jjl 10.000
'•For the steamer Monlgomerv, at $10,<>00 per month,
with pnvilege to purchase lor the sum of $J 10,000.
u For tho'stcamer It. It. ("uyler, at $10.,">00 per month,
with piivilogo topmeha^e for ihesum of.$180,000.
*  From Mes1-!-. Barstow & Pope :
"The steamer Dawn, at $7,001) per month, with privi-
lege to purchase foi the sum ot $45,000.
'< The stcamei Daylight, at $8,000 pei month, with priv-
ilege to pinelia^e tor the Mim of £05.000.
l'Tiio following vesscH have also been pmchased with
our nppiobation and advice: Steamer Thomas Fieehorn,
tor $32,500; the propeller Resolute, for $15,000; the pio-
peiin Reliance, foi $15,000; the propelleis i'enguin and
Albatios^ lbi the of $150,000."
Mr. Morgan, on examining this list of vessels
and prices, became satisfied that while the ships
wore sueh, in all respects, as the Government in-
quired, the prices were too high. lie, therefore,
refused to sanction the contract, and it was, for
the time, abandoned,although Mr. Aspinwall, the
well-known shipping merchant, was ready to sign
it. Subsequently, as the report of the Secretary
shows, Mr. Morgan purchased every one of these
identical vessels at a price, in the aggregate,
$93,000 less than that agreed on with the same
paities by Commodore Breese. I have not the
slightest doubt that all the purchases made by
Mr. Morgan were of the same character, and that,
in the aggregate of Ins transactions, a proportion-
ate saving was effected. Such were the services
which the committee call " trifling."
The truth appears to be that Mr. Morgan was,
in fact, the very best agent that could have been
selected, in the city of New York, for this pur-
pose, and I think nobody can read the testimony
before the investigating committee without com-
ing to that conclusion. One of the witnesses tes-
tified, before the committee"; that he never, in his
life, encountered so sharp and so acute a bar-
gainer; he said he never met a man who was so
much of a Yankee, in these transactions, as Mr.
Morgan. It may be said that this is an unim-
portant consideration, but it shows that Mr.
Welles was not mistaken in the selection of the
person; it shows that there was great pecuniary
advantage to the country in the purchase of the
vessels and the price paid for them.
It is not the least important consideration in
viewing this subject, that the vessels purchased
under the new system adopted by the Secretary,
were not only worth the prices paid, but were
staunch and sea-worthy. Let me illustrate this
by a single example. The Governor, an old
steamer, was offered to Mr. Morgan, and, after
examination, he declined the purchase. She was
then repaired at the expense of §20,000, and again
offered, and a sccond time declined. Yet, subse-
quently, she was bought by one of the regular
officers of the service, and four hundred marines
were shipped in her to Port Royal. On her voyage
thither she encountered-'a storm, in which she
was lost, and the marines on board escaped with
their lives almost by a miracle—with the excep-
tion of seven, who perished with the vessel. How-
many such vessels as the Governor would have
been purchased for our Navy, had not the plan
puxsued by the Secretary been adopted ? Yet it is
easy now, under present circumstances, forget-
ting those which suriounded the Secretary when
he decided 011 the course to be pursued, to criti-
cise his proceedings, to denounce his policy, and
magnify, before the public, the commissions of his
agent, as if their amount was the consideration
which engaged his thoughts.
It is easy now lo intimate that possibly he may
be obliged to throw himself back upon his char-
acter for a defense. At the time he stood in the
public service alone, unadvised; besought to make
these purchases in the best possible manner; he
did make them at the least possible expense, and
got the best possible fleet of vessels; but it turns
out that the agent has received a large compensa-
tion, and for that you are called upon to stigma-
tize, condemn, disgrace the Secretary of the Navy,
admitted to be an honest man, " pure as the snow
that o'er the frozen plains glitters beneath the
moon." You are called upon to denounce him
because his agent, by perhaps an oversight, by
perhaps an error of judgment, lias made too much
money out of the transaction., The Senator from
New Hampshire, at the same time on this floor
has given his personal indorsement to the integ-
rity of the Secretary of the Navy. Believing, as
I do, implicitly in his integrity, I am convinced
that other and far more important considerations
occupied his attention; that he was intent on the
idea of procuring, at the least possible expense,
in the shortest possible time, the best, and most
efficient navy that could, within the required pe-
riod, be obtained. So believing, I cannotgivemy
consent.that he should be denounced, and, as t
think, misrepresented. His official reputation is
of some value to him and to the country. Even
his assailants concedc the purity of his motives
and the integrity of hisofficial action. The breath
of slander, oven, does not impute to him any cor-
rupt motive, any dishonest intention. In all the
vastamount ofpublicbusiness which he has trans-
acted since he has held his present responsible po-
sition, no spot, no blemish, not the slightestflaw
can be found, save this alleged error, in a transac-
tion admitted to have resulted in a great saving of
public money, and in the creation of a most effi-
cient and powerful navy. Such a public officer,
Mr. President, is too valuable to be lightly stig-
matized and unjustly condemned.
Mr. President, if it were admitted that in this
transaction with regard to which the Secretary of
the Navy has been so perseveringly if not relent-
jessly assailed, an error of judgment had been
committed by him, such an admission, which I
am not prepared to make, ought not to detract
from the high estimate which in the public mmd
has been formed of the judgment, as well as of the
integrity, of that faithful and efficient officer.
