1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
When wc look at the branch of the public service
which he has controlled wc find, in the first place,
its administration has been so conducted as to es-
cape entirely the suspicions, the surmises, the
doubts which have not failed to find utterance in
certain quarters with regard to more than one other
department of the public service, and that, with
the solitary exception of the subject-matter of the
report of the .Naval Committee now under consid-
eration, it is acknowledged on all hands that the
Navy Department has been honestly and wisely
managed; and further, that even with regard to
this subject the integrity of the Secretary himself
is not only unquestioned, but is freely conceded,
by those who doubt the propriety of his action in
this single instance, to be unquestionable.
We find also that the Navy of the United Status,
under the direction of the present Secretary, has
borne an illustrious part in the great contest now
waged in defense of the Union and the Constitu-
tion. If we have endured sad and disheartening
reverses in the course of this contest, they have
not come through the Navy. The stars and stripes
have floated in triumph wherever they have been
carried at the mast-head; and not even a disaster
has been encountered except in the few instances
where the warring elements have been victorious
over the strongest works of human skill and sci-
ence. Why is it that the Navy, always dear—
and never more so than now—to the American
heart, has won of late so many and such glorious
triumphs ? Is this to be attributed to chance ? No,
sir! there has been a wise, a prudent, an honest,
an unselfish, a sagacious, a fearless mind presid-
ing over this great arm of the public service; a
mind whose energies have been entirely devoted
to the vast interests placed under its watchful care.
What labors have been endured patiently, si-
lently; what responsibilities have been assumed;
what anxieties suffered, it would be difficult now
adequately to conceive or describe. That they
must have been immense, almost overwhelming,
we may readily believe, and their result has boon
the cheering, invigorating naval successes with-
out which I fear the heart of the nation would have
sunk in despondency during some of the dark
hours through which we have passed, itseemed,
at one time, that in our Navy alone was our hope,
and we could almost imagine that the spirit of
American liberty, shunning the land, had taken
refuge under the dag of the Union on the deep.
Our victorious and invincible fleets seemed to be
alive and vocal .with the memories and glories of
the better days of the Republic, when the love of
the Union was still a passion and a religion, as
the timbers of the fabled Argo resounded with the
oracles which had been uttered under the ancient
oaks of which that good ship was built. We felt
then that every naval success was a tribute to the
wisdom and industry and capacity of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, as well as to the courage and
skill of our officers and sailors. The helmsman
we said was worthy of his post and competent to
his duty. Shall we now cavil at arty possible mis-
take, and criticise with injurious severity what
is acknowledged to be at the most only an error
of judgment? It is not thus that great and war-
like and magnanimous nations reward the public
servants who have planned their victories and
achieved their liberties.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
move to strike out all after the word " resolved,"
and insert the following amendment as a substitute
for the resolution of the Naval Committee:
That the employment of an agent to make puicha&es for
the Government, who«e compensation depends 011 commis-
sions upon the purchases made, is unwise and inexpedient,
and should never be icsorted to except in cases of the mo%>t
impel ions evigeney.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone this
matter until to-morrow, with a view of taking up
the appropriation bill mentioned this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire of my friend
from Maine whether it would not perhaps be bet-
ter that we should proceed with this subject to-
day, and dispose of it.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not consider this of
pressing importance, and I think the rest of the
speeches on this general subject that have been
prepared will probably keep a day or two, while
some business may be done. I think they can
keep; they are probably well prepared and will
not spoil. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOT. As a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, dissenting from q majoiity of
that committee in some of the views which have
been expressed, both in the speech and in the re-
port of tlje honorable chairman of the committee,
1 shall feel obliged to present my views to the
Senate as briefly as possible. At what time I shall
do so is entirely immaterial; whether on the pres-
ent occasion, or to-morrow, or some other day. I
will take any time when it will least be in the way
of practical business, and I so suggested to the
Senator from Maine. I will always give way on
such questions to the consideration of an import-
antappropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone this resolution until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. II. No. J54)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
The bill was read at length, and the Secretary
then read the amendments reported by the Finance
Committee.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was on page 4, to strike out from line
sixty-five to sixty-nine, inclusive, in the follow-
ing words:
For commissions, at two and a half per centum, to
such Mipcuntendents as nie entitled to the same under the
pioviM> to act MMnich, ISol, on the amount that may be
disbursed by them. #7,000.
Mr.PEARCE. I will briefly explain that there
is no necessity for this appropriation 'now, since
by the act of 1852 creating the Light-house Board,
these services are performed by the officers of that
board without charge to the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was 011 page 5, lines
ninety-seven and ninety-eight, to strike out
"$7,668 10," and insert " $5,239 79;" so that
the clause will read:
For commutation of fuel and quarters foi officers' of the
Army serving on light-house duty, the payment of which if-
no longer piovided for by the (juniteimastci's depaitmem,
$•3,239 79,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
lino one hundred and eight, to strike out "§500,"
and insert "$1,095;" so as to read:
For Imcof carts on the public giounds, ,■$1,095.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line one
hundred and fifteen, to increase the appropriation
for purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace,
where necessary, such as has been planted by the
United States, to whitewash tree-boxes and fences,
and to repair pavements in front of the public
grounds, from $1,000 to $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
line one hundred and twenty-three, to increase th^
appropriation for annual repairs of the President's
house and furniture, improvement of grounds,
purchase of plants for garden, and contingent ex-
penses incident thereto, from $2,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN I wish to ask the Senator
from Maryland—because I have forgotten about
it—whether the amendment, as printed on the
6th page, line one hundred and fifteen,is correct'
I had the impression that the committee agreed
to the ,000 there.
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir; they expressly di-
rected the $3,000 to be inserted. There is an ex-
planation furnished to 11s by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, to this effect: Duiing the war
there has been enormous destruction of the trees
and tree-boxes; more harm has been done in the
last six months than in any prior six years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am informed by the
clerk of the committee that that amendment is
correct. It was another amendment that I had in
my mind.
The next amendment was on page 6, after the
woid " avenue," in line one hundred and twenty-
nine, to insert " Bridge and High streets in George-
town,Four-and-a-halfstreet, Seventh and Twelfth
streets across the Mall," and to strike out " thir-
ty, V and insert "fifty;" so as to make the item
read:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the public
grounds around them, and around the executive offices, and
IVnnsvlvama avenue, Budge and High streets in George-
town, Four-and-a-half street, Seventh and Twelfth streets
acioss the MaU, $50,000.
Mr. PEARCE. The House of Representatives,
as we suppose, altered the usual appropriation
in this regard from motives of economy. The
Finance Committee, however, were satisfied from
inquiry into the facts that it was necessary that
Congress should continue these appropriations.
The Army transportation is very often done at
night, and indeed mostgenerally, I believe. Wag-
ons are constantly passing alon«: the route to
Georgetown and across the little bridge over Rock
creek by night; and if the streets be not lighted,
there is v.ery great danger of the wagons falling
into difficulty. Part of the road, it is well known,
is in very bad condition; and this is absolutely
necessary to give security to the transportation
of our Army supplies. In regard to the streets,
Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets
across the Mall, these are great public thorough-
fares, over which the same transportation is con-
stantly being made at night. It is evidently proper,
therefore, I think, that the appropriation should
be made for them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 7, line one hundred and forty-one, to strike
out " §1,000," and insert " $2,000;" so that the
] clause will read:
I For public reseivation No. 2 and Lafayette square,
j $2,000.
1 The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, line one
hundred and forty-seven, after the word " of," to
insert " all the," after the word " the," to strike
out "old;" and 111 lme one hundred and forty-
eight strike out " $150," and insert " $1,000;" so
that the clause will read:
For repair* of all the furnaces under the Capitol,§1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the Clerk goes on, I
will submit another amendment by authority of
the committee, which comes in here. Lines one
hundred and fifty-one and one hundred and fifty-
two read:
For lepaning the stone wall of Tiber creek, in the botanic
garden, $1,000.
The committee recommend that this item be
stricken out; and I will briefly slate why. It is
intended to patch up the. old stone wall which now
bordeison the avenue at that place. This will
be a temporary repair only; and the committee
thought that, to have anything permanent and
useful, will require a larger appropriation. They
thought it was one of those things which wc need
not make now, but that we would reserve it for
a future occasion, when the Treasury was m better
condition. I move to strike it out.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment will be read.
The next amendment was on page 10, to strike
out the proviso, " that no part of this appropria-
tion shall be used in payment or liquidation of
any sum due on any existing contract for engrav-
ing or printing bonds or notes," from the follow-
ing appropriation, to which it is attached:
For the necessary expenses in cam in" into effect the act
of 17th July, 1861, and the act of 5th August, 1861, in ad-
dition to the apptopriations made by tho«e acts, $i50,00'J.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to explain this amend-
ment to the Senate. I am impelled to do so by
a sense of justice to the Treasuiy Department.
The House of Representatives seem to have re-
stiicted them 111 regard to the application of this
appropriation, and forbidden its being applied in
payment of any existing contracts; whether be-
cause they supposed theie was anything improper
in the making of those contracts, any unfairness
in awarding them among the competitors, or any
error of any description, the committee do not ex-
actly know, except by the debates. I have taken
pains, however, to examine all the correspondence
on the subject of the Departmentof the Treasuiy,
and it is proper that I should state that the whole
affair apptars to have been managed with the most
perfect integrity and judgment, not only by the
Secretary of the Treasury, but by all concerned in
