1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
of the Interior to retain from the annuity this com-
pensation for the injuries inflicted upon this man.
I see no reason why, if- it is right to retain com-
pensation for personal property taken, it is not
also right to retain compensation for personal in-
juries*inflictcd.
Mr. ALDRICH. I am now prepared to an-
swer the question of the gentleman from New
York in relation to the number of these Indians.
Here is the annual report of the Commissioner
on Indian Affairs, from which it appears that the
number of Indians in this tribe is nine hundred
and fifty. The amount of property in their pos-
session is valued at $4,000, and they receive an
annual annuity under treaty stipulations amount-
ing; to $33,942.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman states
that the number of Indians in this tribe is nine
hundred and fifty, and he proposes to punish the
whole tribe for the alleged acts of three persons.
This is certainly a proposition that should be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole, and I hope
the bill will go there.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President by
Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announcing that he had
approved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act making appropriations fpr the support
of the Post Office Department for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863; and
An act making additional appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862.
CHAUNCEY A. IIORR—AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I refer the gen-
tleman from New York to the law which provides
that the whole tribe of Indians shall be held re-
sponsible for the depredations of individual mem-
bers. That course is contemplated in all our trea-
ties with the Indian tribes with which we have
intercourse, and to whom we pay annuities. It
appears that this party *ras lawfully in the ter-
ritory, that he went there by permission of the
proper authorities, and that according to the pro-
vision of the treaty with these Indians the tribe
is to be held responsible for any wrong or crime
committed by any member or mombeis of the
tribe. The treaty and the law both contemplate
that the amount of damage done to white persons
lawfully within their territory shall be deducted
from the annuities which the Government pays
to these Indians. It appears proper that this kind
of punishment should be dealt out to these In-
dians, in order to compel them to keep the peace
toward the white persons who may lawfully come
within their territory. I hope therefore that the
bill will be passed, as it is a just one.
The Committee on Indian Affairs made a thor-
ough investigation of all the facts in this case, and
they came to the conclusion that this allowance
ought to be made. These Indians ought to be
punished for the injury that they have done to
this party. It is true that these Indians deny that
any of their tribe committed this wrong; but the
evidence that it was committed by the Indians of
this tribe is very conclusive. Not only that: these
Indians are aware of the whereabouts of the guilty
parties, and have all along done all that they dould
to screen them from detection and punishment.
There is no more effectual way to keep these In-
dians from committing depredations upon the
whites than by holding the tribe responsible for
the action of its different members. These tribes
are communities by themselves the same as a for-
eign nation, and only in that character can we
treat with them. A foreign nation is responsible
for the acts of its citizens, and we must hold these
tribes responsible for the depredationsand wrongs
committed by its individual members.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have
heard the gentleman refer to the law. Now can
any gentleman read the law to us which covers this
case? That is what we want.
Mr. COX. I have an amendment which, if
adopted, will make the bill less objectionable, and
he the means I have no doubt of securing its pas-
sage. It provides that if the Secretary of the ln-
rior, after making a careful inquiry, shall be sat-
isfied of the justice of this claim, he may deduct
the amount that he shall find to be due out of the
annuity ofthe'se Indians.
Mr. ALDRICH. If the gentleman will read
" the letter of the Secretary of the Interior on this
subject, he will see that there is no necessity for
the adoption of the amendment which ho. has
moved. The Secretary of the Interior has ap-
proved and recommended the passage of this bill.
Mr. COX. Then my amendment will do no
harm. I have modified my amendment so that it
will read as follows:
Piovided, That the Secretary oftiie Interior shall, before
making such deduction, make careful investigation of the
sfrid claim, and he shall deduct the same, or so inuch thereof
as he may find justly due said Horr, from the annuity afore-
said.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I ask the Clerk
to read the section of the law which I send him.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. What is
the date of that law ?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Section seven-
teen of the law passed m 1834.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Sec. 17. JinA be it further enacted, That if any Indian,
or Indians, belonging to any tribe m amity with the United
States, f-hall, witlnntlio Indian country, take or destroy the
propeity of any per?on lawfully within such country, or
shall pa«« fiom the Indian country into any .State or Ter-
ritory inhabited by citizens of the United States, and there
take, steal, or destroy, nny horse, hoise*. or other piop-
eity, belonging to any citizen or inhabitant of the United
States, such citizen or inhabitant, his representative, at-
torney, or agent, may make application to tbe pioper super-
intendent, agent, or'sub-agent, who, upon being furnished
with the necessary documents and proofs, shall, under the
direction of the Piesuient, make application to the nation
or tribe to which *ai3 Indian or Indians shall belong, for
satisfaction; and if such nation oi tube shall neglect or le-
fuse to make satisfaction in a leasonable time, not exceed-
ing twelve months, it shall be the duty of such superintend-
ent, agent, or sub-agent, to make return of his doings to
the Coinmisaionerol Indian Aft'aus, that such furthersteps
may be taken as shall be pioper. m the opinion of the Pres-
ident, to obtain satisfaction for the injury; and in the moan
time, in respect to the property so taken, stolen, or de-
stioved, the United Statesguaianty to the paity so injured,
an eventual indemnification : Provided, That if such in-
jured party, Ins representative, attorney, or agent, shall, in
any way, violate any of the piovi^ions of this act, by seek-
ing or attempting to obtain puvate satisfaction or levenge,
he bhnll totloit all claim upon the United States for such
indemnification : Jlndprovided, also, That unless such claim
shall be piesented within three >eai^ after the commission
of the injury, the same shall be baued; and if the nation
or tube to which such Indian may belong revive an an-
nuity from the United States, such claim shall, at the next
payment of the annuity, be deducted theretiom. and paid
to the paitv injured ; and if no annuity i=? p;i\ able to such
nation ot tube, then the amount of the claim shall be paid
ftoin the Tieasury of the United States: Provided, That
nothing heiem contained shall prevent the legal apprehen-
sion and punishment of any Indians having so offended."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I venture
to say, Mr. Speaker, that there is not a lawyer
upon'the floor of this House who would risk his
professional reputation by stating that that pro-
vision comes anywhere near covering this case.
Mr. ALDRICH. I stated in my first remarks
that there was no provision of law authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior or the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to withhold anything from the
annuity of these Indians for the purpose of pay-
ing for any personal injury.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I so under-
stood the gentleman from Minnesota; but I under-
stood the gentleman from California to state that
there was such a law for withholding this money.
If we treat these Indians as citizens of the United
States, this is, m fact, inflicting punishment ex
post facto; and if we treat them as foreign nations,
there is a treaty with them which does not cover
this kind of injury. The injustice is that we pro-
vide thatnine hundred and fifty men shall pay for
a wrong" supposed to be done by thiec of their
number. I agree with the gentleman from New
Yoik, [Mr. F. A.Cos-kling,] that this is a matter
of monstrous injustice, and none the less so be-
cause we are the trustees of these Indians. Be-
cause we are the trustees for them is a reason why
we should exercise towards them good faith and
forbearance, and not to do toward them that which
no man upon this floor would think of doing
toward either France or England.
Mr. Cox's amendment was again read.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That amend-
ment authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
do an act of injustice which the House is not will-
ing to do itseif. I would not trust any Secretary
with this matter.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I agree with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and I go even a
little further than he has done. There is a single
analogy in history for this proceeding. In Eng-
land, in the ancient days, the hundreds were re-
sponsible for what the members of those hundreds
did. That was done under laws exceedingly ar-
bitrary, and which would not be submitted to now
at all. But in that case, the law referred to acts
to be committed in the future, and it did not pro-
pose, as in this case, to inflict ex post facto penal-
ties. I go still further: if they be foreigners,
the treaty which we have entered into with them
overrides any statute that we can pass. In so-
lemnity next to the Constitution of the United
States are the treaty stipulations which we make
with foreign Powers. Staring this bill in the face
are treaty stipulations with these Indians which
it violates, and I agree in all that has been said
about its monstrous injustice.
I am reminded by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] that this bill is entirely wild and ram-
bling, in that it does not specify with any partic-
ularity what this claim is to be.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I did not offer my
amendment with any idea 
Mr. EDWARDS. I have the floor, I believe,
and propose to submit some few remarks oil this
bill. Having been a member of the Committee
on Indian AiFairs some two or three sessions, I
am, of course, somewhat familiar with this case.
There did exist upon the statute-book a law
which was clear and explicit, that for any injury
sustained by a citizen, he should have indemnity
out of any annuity to which the tribe was entitled
from the Government.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. No pro-
vision of law has been read in reference to an in-
jury to the person. The law which was readonly
applied to injury to property.
Mr. EDWARDS. I speak of injury to prop-
erty.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am not certain that I un-
derstand this case; but if 1 do, there was an actual
injury to the person of this party. 1 understand
that he lost the use of his arm, and that it is upon
that loss this claim is founded.
Mr. EDWARDS. As I seem not to have been
quite understood, I will repeat, a law did exist
by which a party injured in his property by any
Indian belonging to a tribe in amitywith theUm-
ted States under treaty, was entitled to indemnity,
and if, by the treaty, an annuity was payable to
the tribe, the amount of indemnity was to be with-
held from the annuity.
Such was the law, whether it was right or wrong,
and the statute can very readily be referred to by
any gentleman, and it provided further, which was
a little extraordinary, that in case there was no
annuity, but a treaty of amity, then the Govern-
ment of the United States was to pay an indem-
nity out of its own Treasury.
But, sir, that law has been repealed and does
not now exist. It did not, however, cover this
case. It did not comprehend any injuries to the
person, and the question for this House now to
decide is whether the law which existed and which
has been repealed, giving indemnity for injuries
to property, shall be extended so as to cover in-
juries to the person, and that seems to me to be the
only question. Without expressing any opinion
upon that point, except what I shall express by
my vote, I leave the matter to the decision of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire how long
this matter is likely to occupy the attention of the
House > I want to move to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order.
Mr. ALDRICH. I did not suppose it would
occupy five minutes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to lay
the bill upon the table, so that we may have a test
vote upon it.
Mr. ALDRICH. We may just as well take a
test vote on the passage of the bill. If the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion, I will move the
previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Well, if we can
have a vote on the bill, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered,
Mr. Cox's amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly lead the third time.
The question recurred upon the passage of the
bill; and being put, the bill was rejected.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING moved to reconsider
