1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
the vote by which the bill was rejected, and also
moved to laythe motion to reconsider upon the
table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. COX moved that when the House adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
42, noes 23; no quoium voting.
ftfr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers.
Tellers weie ordered ;and Messrs. LEUMAN,and
Rice of Maine, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-seven, noes not counted.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole oil the state of the Union, (Mr. Cris-
field in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion, as a special order, of the bill (II. R. No. 364)
to aid in constructing a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, if
I get my consent to vote for this measure during
the present session of Congress, as I am exceed-
ingly anxious to do, it will be for the very, reason
that i find the country in that condition that gen-
tlemen have urged as an argument against the
adoption of this great peace measure at the pres-
ent time; it will be, .sir, because, unless by some
process or other we can-reconstruct this Union, I
fear very much for the ultimate issue of the pres-
ent conjuncture. When you are in great danger,
sir, or in great straits, violent and perhaps dan-
gerous measures become necessary, and this is
such an occasion. We have heard again and again
that we can never restore this Government by the
power of arms. We have heard it, not only from
the mouths of men in rebellion, but from the
mouths of the philosophic upon this floor, from
lovers of their country, that unless we can restore
confidence we cannot icstore the Union. To a
certain extent I subscribe to that doctnne. Our
national resources are wasting away now* at the
rate of #3,000,000 a day, and i undertake to say
that there is not a Government upon the facti of
the earth that can long stand such a dram as that.
There are two conditions in which a Government
is certain to be precipitated into annihilation.
One is where the people are over-taxed, and the
other is where they are unable to pay their taxes.
A bankruptGovernment cannot long maintain Us
rank among the nations, nor can an over-taxed
people long retain their Government. These are
my theories. I therefore hail the great Pacific
measure as a salvatory measure, as a means by
which we shall, as it were, outflank cottondom,
and by which, while the golden chain has been
cut in two that bound us to the cotton region on
our own Atlantic coast, we shall hind ourselves
by a golden cord to the great Pacific.
Now, when we have accumulated a debt of
$1,000,000,000, what is §100,000,QUO added to it?
You are called upon to pay, under the provisions
of this bill, only an interest of about six millions
of dollars a year. I am sorry that it is six; I am
sorry that the bonds arc made to bear morfc than
five per cent, interest.
I hope to get my own consent to vote for this
measure, which has been one of the darling ob-
jects, if I may be allowed to speak of myself, of
my life. I have devoted myself to internal im-
?rovementsfoi the last twenty years, more or less.
regard the first message of the younger Adams
as containing vast instruction on the subject.
Speaking of internal improvements, he said that
a free Government, other things being equal, is the
most powerful on earth, or ought to be, and that
we were slandering our constituents when we said
that we were paialyzedor restricted by their will
from adopting the great and beneficent measures
for improving the physical and moral condition
of our countty I subscribe to the doctrine of
interna! improvements under the auspices of the
General Government. I believe that this Gov-
ernment was built to yield fruit, and not flowers
alone which are to fall in the early spring; and I
think, therefore, that it is a paternal Government,
and that, as it holds the great interests of com-
merce and industry in its hands, itoughtto foster
them.
But, sir, while these are my general views in
regard to this great measure, which is so vastly
to increase the national resources, which is to fur-
nish the greatest security of pur future union and
of our future wealth: while all this is true, it is
no less true that the organization of this railroad
company is to build up in our midst the most
powerful organization under the shadow of the
Government which will exist among us,perhaps
the most powerful monopoly and the most power-
ful corporation known to modern times; not that
it will wield capital so greatly disproportioned to
the capital wielded by other institutions, but that
the great interests to be committed to its hands,
and of which it will have, in the natural course
of things, a monopoly, are to be all-controlling
upon the destiny of our commerce and industry
hereafter.
Now, sir, I cannot give my hearty assent to
the bill now before the House. I agi'ee with a
gentleman who spoke yesterday, that this meas-
ure is ill contrived, to say the least of it. I am
not for putting these great interests into the hands
of six or eight existing corporations, which are
already almost bankrupt. I had supposed that
the company would be composed of the first men
in the Union. I have nothing to say against the
fifty-six or fifty-eight gentlemen who are to con-
stitute the corporation. I think it very likely that
they are well selected. All I have to say is against
their oigamzation as auxiliaries in the building
of this road, and I might exclaim, non tali auxilio.
I do not think that the cooperation of these va-
rious railroad companies can bo had. You cannot
do so in any organized form of action. I am sure
of that. Why should the budding of this rail-
road across the great plains, and over the unoccu-
pied Territories of the country, be placed in such
hands ? I am glad that we are not now surrounded
by those who wish to throw obstacles in the way,
in the guise of St ate rights. Perhaps it is necessary
that the Government should extend aid to the
building of the road, even in States. The road
must begin on the eastern boundary of Kansas.
It virtually does begin there, and not on meridian
one bundled and two.
I have nothing to say against that feature of the
bill which gives the aidof theGovernmentwithin
the limits of Kansas, as it does within the limits
of the Territories. All the objection that I have
to this bill is as to its machinery. With all due
deference to the learned and honorable committee
who prepared the bill, I do not think it is well
adjusted.
Let us see a little more in detail what aie the
featuies of this bill. In the first place, you have
a corporation created to consist of fifty-seven
members, without succession, except so far as
succession may be indirectly inferred. At all
events, the bill is without any provision arrang-
ing the form of succession. The corporators are
appointed, and successors to them are incidentally
alluded to; but then; is no form by which they
shall be continued, in case of death, resignation,
removal, or otherwise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Did the gentleman read
the substitute offeredJ)y the committee?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Yes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will observe
that this bill gives the usual corporate powers
to these gentlemen, their associates, successors,
and assigns. It is not necessary to put into a
charter all that is usually put into by-laws; but
the usual and mdnmry powers are conferred to
elect the necessary officers, make by-laws and
rules for the regulation of the company. I con-
ceive, therefore, with all due deference to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that the powers given by
this bill are ample.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I have adverted to
the fact that succession is incidentally alluded to;
but what kind of succession ? A succession which
this bonrd of commissioners are to establish for
themselves. Is it to be a family succession, a suc-
cession of favoutes, or is it to be a succession of
parties in interest, a succession of stockholders?
Ifany provision at all is made for stock in this com-
pany I am not aware of it. Thisis notright. The
stockholders ought to be the parties to control the
affairs of this road. The great object is to man-
age this road as well as tq build it. Now, here
are fifty-six commissioners named—by far too
large a board to manage the affairs of any com-
pany, however extensive may be its operations.
According to this law, I apprehend that these com-
missioners have a life tenure of their office. They
are in for life. Certainly there is no limitation
on their official existence. None whatever, ex-
cept on their own voluntary resignation or death.
There is no mode of succession provided at all.
Now, what charter is there to continue corporate
power in a corporate body and their successors,
in which the mode of succession is not a feature
in the law itself? Its mode of springing into life
and perpetuating itself is provided in the law.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania says
that the by-laws will regulate this; that the by-
laws of the company will regulate the succession.
No, sir; that is not the way in which corporate
succession is regulated. Permit me to say, also,
that I have always conceived, and still think it to
be no more than just, that the Government itself
should be part and parcel of this directory; that
it should have a representation in the directory.
Is not the interest of the Government in this road
sufficientto entitle it to representation ? Is not the
§100,000,000 of money, and the many millions of
acres of land provided in the bill, a sufficientcon-
tribution to the stock to entitle the Government to
representation? No system has worked better in
the country than the system of the old State banks
in the State which I have the honor in parttorep-
lesent, where the State itself h^.s a part in the di-
rection, and the individual subscribers the other
part. I am reminded by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hickman] that the oldUnited States
bank was based on the same principle. No sys-
tem works better than that.
1 think, besides, that these corporators should
have mote qualification than the mere fact of their
appointment. They should be sworn and quali-
fied. It should be the duty of the representative
of the Government, in this directory, to guard
the interests of the Government, and to see that
the funds are not used for private uses, or for
private speculation. I contend that this bill is
defective in the organization of the company, be-
cause it docs not provide for succession in any
due form, but provides for a life tenure on the part
of fifty-seven gentlemen, with authority on the
part of their president to fill casual vacancies. It
does not create stock at all, although it does speak
of subscriptions being limited to the value of a
man's estate. That is a curious provision, in-
deed, and I should hope that the special committee
would agree to strike it out, just as the Committee
of Ways and Means struck out the provision as
to posting notices on taverns. There was a time
when men knew what they were worth. They
do not know it now. What constitutes a man's
estate ? Is it his incumbered or his unincumbered
property? I should rather see a limitation on the
amount which any person might take. I am aware
of circumstances m connection with the stock of
the Southern Pacific railroad, where gentlemen
who weic not worth $100 subscribed for one or
two millions of stock. I am aware what it was
that the special committee intended to guard
against here. I have nothing to sav on that point.
If they think the provision sufficient, well and
good.
But, I repeat, Mr. Chairman, that there is no
issue of stock provided for, no amount Of capital
stock fixed. Perhaps the by-laws may supply
the deficiency, but I think it should be done in the
charter. In this 1 think it is seriously defective.
Now, sir, there are other defects in the bill, ac-
cording to my judgment. I have had something
to do with the negotiation of railroad bonds in a
small way, and i have found, when I brought
them into Wall street,that I was required to show
express power and authority in the charter for the
contracting of debt in its various forms, for the
issuing of bonds, for the making of mortgages,
and all these things. There is no such power
given here in the enumerated powers. I do not
see where the capital is to come from which is to
build this road. 1 take it that the Government is
to contribute an average of §30,000 a mile as a
bonus. It is to pay #16,000 a mile for one half,
and $32,000 and §48,000 for the other half. There
is no provision by which this company or corpo-
