1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
37th Cons....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Bice.
Ho. of Reps.
eniment against the rebellion,constitutional right
against despotic wrong;.
From that day until the present the war has
raged on with constantly increasing cost and suf-
feryig—six hundred thousand men in the field,
and $600,000,000 expended, and the end not yet.
The Government still seeks to extend its fatherly
care over all the States, and the rebels still revel
in their savage barbarities. They cut up the bones
of our slain soldiers and make them into rings
and drinking cups, and we permit thfftti to strut
through our streets "on parol of honor;" they rob
Union men of their property and drive them into
their army, or to hide themselves in the caves of
the earth and mountain fastnesses; and we compel
our soldiers to stand guard over the households
and property of rebels, that they may not be
disturbed in their slumbers nor molested in their
worldly interests; they sustain themselves in re-
bellion by the labor and arms of their slaves, and
boast of them as the great element of their strength,
and we hesitate to give them liberty and employ-
ment against their rebel oppressors; they arm the
relentless savages against us, and we permit our
pro-slavery generals to drive loyal negroes back
to their rebel masters; they organize and arm their
slaves and compel them to work and fight against
the Union, and we reverse the orders of our gen-
erals releasing them from their service; they dis-
regard all the laws and usages of civilized warfare,
vol), scalp, and murder our wounded soldiers even
under the sacred folds of the white flag, and we in
our abundant faith still hope by kindness to win
them back to loyalty and love; they burn and des-
olate their own homes as they retire before our
advancing armies, declaring that they will never
submit, but, in alliance with his " yellow majes-
ty, "fight and defeat us,and we yet desire them to
resume their rights of citizenship, attend " peace
conventions"and "conservative meetings,"sign
the '• pamphlet edition" of the " Democratic ad-
dress," and be "all right" at the next presidential
election.
Upon this record and these facts we are to legis-
late and act in reference to this rebellion and its
cause. And, Mr Speaker, I am free to say that,
in my judgment, the time lias come when we
should cease to treat the rebels with more len-
iency than the laws of civilized warfare demand.
While the war lasts, let us follow it with all the
earnestness and energy of which we are capable,
and with all the pains and penalties which by the
laws of civilized warfare we are permitted to in-
flict. Let us cease to remember that the rebels
in a nil! against the Government were ever the
recipients of its protection and its blessings; or,
if we do so remember, let it only be to remind
us that the fact imparts the darkest hue to then-
crimes and deserves the direst punishment. When
we throw off all these restraints, all hopes of
bringing them back to their duty and their allegi-
ance other than by the stern, relentless inflictions
and penalties incident to the laws which they have
invoked, the sooner the horrors of this war will
cease, the sooner will the power and the dignity
of the Government be acknowledged and vindi-
cated, and our brave soldiers be permitted to lay
aside the habiliments of war and resume the more
congenial avocations of peace.
When the several departments of the Govern-
ment—executive and legislative—shall resolve to
pursue and finish the war with an eye single to
the restoration of the Government throughout all
the rebellious States, upon the eternal principles
of right and justice, neither swerving to the right
hand nor to the left, lest any interest, party, or
class shall be crushed, but with steady march and
iron heel annihilating whatsoever may stand be-
tween it and its object, the glorious result will be
speedily accomplished. When each of its here
ill the halls of legislation shall be actuated singly
by this desire, I'tlunk the people will soon be re-
priced at the cessation of debate and the prompt-
ltude and efficiency of action which the state of the
country demands. Then we shall hear no more
diatribes and disquisitions upon questions of in-
ternational law and constitutional powers. j he
occupation of those who so earnestly and end-
lessly contend for the reconstruction of the Gov-
ernment precisely as it was before the rebellion,
and that the framers of our fundamental law cur-
tailed its governmental powers for the punishment
of and its preservation against internal enemies
will be gone. Those gentlemen here who sigh
and labor for the restoration of their party organ-
ization and power by the preservation of the in-
stitution of slavery must be sadly disappointed,
for it cannot be in the providence of God nor the
permission of an intelligent people. That dark
broad river upon which they have so long floated,
regardless of its murmuring sighs and turbulent
Iashings,and which has so effectively driven their
parly machinery, crushing under its ponderous
wheels the principles and purposes of its early
organization,is being rapidly dried up atits fount-
ains, dissipated along iis course, and will soon
be lost in the broad ocean of universal freedom,
and these floating wrecks and blood-stained wheels
will be forever buried beneath its peaceful waters
or fretted away in rottenness against its repulsive
shores.
M r. Speaker, what is to-day in the Halls of Con-
gress the great element df discord ? What divides
our counsels and procrastinates our action ? What
produces speeches and discussion ad nauseam, to
the neglect of the public interest and the com-
plaint of the people? The answer in a breath is,
slavery ! And we arc forcibly admonished by the
fact that it is absolutely impossible to have peace
and quietness in the land until the power of that
institution is effectually subdued. Wti may dep-
recate its agitation here as we please. Its friends
may shut their eyes in obstinacy to the fact that
it is the fruitful cause of ail our troubles in peace
and war, and by denunciation and menace seek
to shield it from the thrusts of its enemies and
the shafts of destiny. All is in vain! A vast ma-
jority of the loyal citizens of the country see in
it the great criminal which has caused the rebel-
lion; see it nursing from Us bloody lacteals the
most atrocious barbarisms of civil war; see it as
the determined opponent of returning peace; and
demand of their Repiesentatives that they shall,
in their action here,go to the utmost verge of their
constitutional power to edict its overthrow, and
theieby restore the Government and the Union in
permanent peace. I, sir, for one, shall most cheer-
fully bow to their will and obey their behests. I
regard it as a consuming fire in the midst of ouv
republican institutions—a corroding poison in the
life blood of the body-politic, and shall therefore
by all constitutional means seek to subdue and
eradicate it. I believe a to be the underlying, mov-
ing cause of all our present dangers and suffer-
ings, and shall therefore strike at it as I would
strike at the pulsating heart of the rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, the constituency which I have the
honor to represent upon this floor have always
been and now are willing to concede to slavery all
its rights under the Constitution. We have never
sought to overthrow that instrument in itsacme of
human wisdom and grandeur, nor to evade its pro-
visions, but, on the contrary, have peacefully sub-
mitted to judicial expositions anu constructions
thereof in favor of slavery, which we. deemed ex-
tra-judicial and infamous. While peace prevailed,
we yielded to it the light to exist and be piotected
under the local law, but having now reared its au-
dacious head in open rebellion against the power
of the Government, we will not shield it from the
storm which it has evoked. It has "sown the
wind," let it" reap the whirlwind." By the laws
of peace it was entitled to protection, and had it.
By the laws of war it is entitled to annihilation.
In God's name let it still have its right.
I do not doubt, Mr. Speaker, that there are
many loyal slaveholders—that such are holding
seats in this body—but I exceedingly regret that
they arc still disposed to combat, with so much
heal and energy, every attempt to weaken this re-
bellion by striking down its fnain support; that
they are so ready to interpose their shields of de-
fense whenever it is approached by the Govern-
ment or its soldiers in this its vulnerable point;
that they so leject, with indignation and scorn the
President's proposition for the peaceful solution
and eradication of our difficulties, with ample in-
demnity to themselves. I know how men Jove
political power, how it grows with their growth,
and strengthens with their strength, but I cannot
quite understand how true loyalty can, in this
hour of the nation's peril, hesitate to strike at the
nourishing mother of the rebellion; how disinter-
ested patriotism can deliberately organize in op-
position to the Government, and reconstruct par-
ties upon the crumbling foundation of secession
and rebellion.
Let not gentlemen be longer blinded by their
prejudices or governed by their ambition for po-
litical power. Let us note carefully the pregnant
signs of the times, the irresistible logic of events.
It is as impossible, in divine justice, to subdue
this rebellion and rcslore the Government over the
rebellious States with the material and political
power of slavery preserved intact and in full vigor,
as to reinstate Lucifcrin the circle of angels sur-
rounding the throne of the Almighty, with bis
heart still burning with infernal fires and his men-
acing hand still raised against omnipotent power.
It cannot be! Even now the fatal arrow has en-
tered its cold, inhuman hcau,and already Us ex-
tremities are contracted and cold in the death throes
of dissolution. Let the border States bewaic, lest
they too shall be caught in the death grip of the
dying monster. Once and again the voice of
timely warning and tender entreaty lias gone out
to them from the Executive Mansion, and they
heed it not; hut the hand of destiny will not be
stayed; God's justice cannot be averted. It is
not in the power of Presidents and Congresses to
stay the march of events. The war will go on,
prolonged by the desperation and madness of the
icbels, until, of necessity, the tones of warning
and entreaty shall be changed to the hard, harsh
notes of executive mandates and decrees based
upon united legislative action.
With these views and sentiments I cannot do
otherwise than vote for the bill for the emancipa-
tion of the slaves of rebels.
And now, what does justice and policy require
us to do in regard to the confiscation of the piop-
erty of rebels'? The bill pending provides for such
confiscation for the purpose, as expressed in its
title, " the payment of the expenses of til'1 present
rebellion, and for other pin poses." Who should
pay these expenses? Loyal citizens or rebels:
They who have caused tln-m to be incurred or
those who soughtto avoid it? Our loyal constit-
uents or their rebel enemies? The innocent <>r
the guilty? It would seem thtfci. theso questions
could be. readily and easily answered, hut we find
ourselves, I fear, very nearly equally divided in
their solution. Those mini have lehelleil against
the Government without cause or extenuating cir-
cumstances, compelled us to incur vast expense
to maintain it against their ciimina.1 blows, and
now is presented to us the question, who shall pay ?
We who shall vote for the lull answer, the rebels!
Those who vote against it, our constituent* ! A
most strange rule of action, suiciy. A singular
exhibition ofjustice on the part of the latter.
In the tax act which we passed a few wei-ks
ago, we refused to levy a tax upon the labor or
income which the slaveholders exact and receive
from the persons held by them as slaves, which
is by far the most considerable of the material
and auulable wealth ofthc rebels; and many,also,
voted against a tax upon cotton, the staple pro-
duction of rebel soil. The honorable gentlemen
who voted against these propositions, I venture
to predict, will be found generally voting against
these measures of emancipation and confiscation;
but how they can harmonize their action with the
principles of right and fairness, or explain it to
the satisfaction of their constituents, if they are
loyal and intelligent, is more than I can divine.
It would seem to be inflicting pains and penalties
upon loyal citizens, and offering to lebelsa bounty,
by relieving them not only from punishment, but
from taxation also.
Much stress is laid upon the alleged suffering
which will be brought upon the innocent wives
and children of the rebels by the adoption of these
measures, and tender-hearted sympathetic gentle-
men here m their eloquent appeals m their behalf
seem to forget the thousands of hearts and homes
in the loyal States made sad and desolate by the
fratricidal hands of these rebels, urged on to acts
of the most fiendish atrocity by these same inno-
ccnt wives. Sir, I believe that I am not hard-heal ted
nor vindictive, and I have always been and am
now opposed to offensive wars of ail kinds, and
think it a sad commentary upon the boasted civ-
ilization of the age that they arc so often waged,
but I nevertheless believe in the right of self-de-
fense, individual and national; and when engaged
