1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
172?
ration may contract debts for any amount beyond
the bonus which the Government gives, none that
a financier would regard as sufficient security for
any advancc he might be called upon to make.
These, however, are matters of detail, but they
are details winch make the bill, in its present form,
very objectionable to me. My great point of ob-
jection, however, is the grand machinery in the
"bill itself.
Here you have a company constituted with au-
thority to build a road over the plains from the
western borders of Kansas, not entirely through
the Territories, but to the eastern borders of the
Territory of Nevada. Thus much authority you
give them. Then you,associate with them some
half dozen companies which are—I say it with-
out the slightest disrespect to these companies—
insolvent. And when I say insolvent, I mean that
they are unable to build their own roads. You
propose to mingle the affairs of all these compa-
nies in one heterogeneous mass, and constitute out
of them one great company. Here are two com-
panies in Missouri, here is one company in Kan-
sas, here are four companies in Iowa, and here is
one company in Nevada, and one company in
California, making m all some eight or ten com-
panies with all their various rivalries and con-
flicting interests, and you insert into tins bill a
general provision thatthcy may consolidate.
Now, 1 would be veiy glad if the honorable
chairman of the select committee on this subject,
when he comes to sum up at the close of this de-
bate, would inform us what kind of a consolida-
tion he lias provided for in tins bill. There can
be no consolidation of these companies unless the
companies themselves, in their individual capaci-
ties, are at the same time annihilated. It follows
as a matter of necessity that the consolidation in-
volves the absorption of all the rights and inter-
ests of the consolidating companies. Such was
the fact in the consolidation of railroad companies
which took place in New Yoik; such was the
fact in my own State, such was the fact in Ohio,
and such is the fact everywhere. When there is
a union of railroad companies, the consolidated
company absorbs the charters and all the rights
and interests of the separate companies. Now is
it to be supposed that the railroad companies in
Missouri and Iowa, which have land grants from
the Government, are to merge all their property
and franchises in this wild ocean of a Pacific rail-
road schemer Depend upon it they will do no
such thing. The people of Iowa who have an in-
terest in the success of their local roads would feel
themselves greatly wronged by such a course;
the people of Missoun would feel themselves
greatly wronged; andallthose who have an inter-
est in these several roads for which land grants
have been given, would be greatly wronged by
such a course. No, sir; the interests of all these
different companies will never be blended in this
wild Pacific railroad scheme, and that cjause of
the bill in regard to consolidation is theiefore ut-
terly nugatory, and can never be executed.
Mr, Chairman, I will forbear to touch upon the
various details of the bill which i*n my judgment
are liable to objection. I forbear to speak of the
right of way, four hundred feet in width—twice
as wide as it ought to be. I forbear to speak of
the subject of taxition, which exempts the lands
granted in those Territories from taxation, and by
a legitimate construction of the bill would exempt
them even after they had passed into the hands of
pmchasers. I will not discuss the question of the
conflict that may arise between the Federal and
State authority, by attempting to merge by Fed-
eral authority companies existing under State
charters, without consulting or obtaining the con-
sent of the States therefor. All these things I
might discuss and they would become important
questions but for the impossibility, from the na-
ture of the case, that the various companies men-
tioned should ever consolidate. It is a well-known
fact that there are rival and conflicting interests
existing between many of these roads which
would prevent any union. The railroad compa-
nies iri Missouri,forinstance, could never be made
to unite with those of Iowa. Who does not know
that it is no privilege to allow one road to come
in in common with others in such a scheme 5 Who
does not know that every facility would be pre-
sented by such an arrangement, if it could be con-
summated, to extend all the favors of the mam
artery to one of those companies, that a favorite
branch might obtain all the benefit of all the trade
and travel that would pass over the Pacific rail-
road; and great,indeed, will be the business that
will find its outlet through the medium of this
road, if it is ever constructed. I do not think with
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] that
silks and opium will be the only articles of mer-
chandise that will pass over the road. Onthecon-
Uary, when that great channel of communication
shall have been opened it will be but a short pe-
riod before the vast plains of the West will be
redolent with the perfumes of Asia, with all of
the various costly products of the Old World. Sir,
the shade of Whitney—for I believe he is dead—
ought to teach the gentleman from Vermont that
this road will be the means of carrying the fruits
of our abundant harvests to feed the famishing
millions of the Old World.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Indiana how much he supposes
it will cost to transport freight from the western
terminus of the road to New York?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I know that it costs
us to transport beeves from the West, some four
or five hundred miles, about ten dollars per head.
1 know that it costs us to transport corn for the
same distance twelve, fifteen, and lately twenty
cents per bushel. I know that the cost of trans-
portation will be heavy, but I know that it will
be less, in proportion, over so long a road than
over the ioutes in the East. But, sir, if the road
is built with a double track as far west as the
Rocky mountains, I believe it will be practicable
to transport the cereals of our western States over
it to the Pacific coast.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentleman
will compute the cost of tiansportation for the
whole distance of the road, he will discover that
the articles he proposes to tiansport will not sell
for enough to pay the cost of transportation at the
end of the route.
Mi. WHITE, of Indiana. I do not desire to
detain the committee longer upon this bill. I will
observe, however, to the gentleman from Vermont
that in respect to the transportation of many de-
scriptions of goods, the consumption of time is of
more consequence than the additional cost of trans-
portation. And I will ask him whether there is
no purpose for a Pacific railroad other than the
mere tiansportation of freight? Is it of no con-
sequence to facilitate intercourse between the At-
lantic and Pacific? Why, sir, when you consider
tins road as a mere bridge to spun a vast void, I
tell you that it is not so. I believe the gentleman
from Vermont is partly responsible for the opin-
ion which has been expressed, that Denver City
is to be the largest city on this continent, if not
the largest in the world.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. It came from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
then. If the gentleman from Vermont disclaims
the opinion, his fiiend from Pennsylvania, who
sits near him, is very able to bear the responsi-
bility, and thrice able to vindicate it.
Now, sir, if Denver City is to be the largest
city in the world, if it is to overstep New York, if
it is to be the London of the world, think you this
road will not have an interior patronage that will
suppoit it? But whether such is to be the fact or
not, laying aside the internal commerce which this
load will develop, we shall have a mighty conti-
nental commerce that will be amply sufficient to
satisfy all the guarantees that you may enter into
for its construction.
Now, Air. Chairman, sitting in my obscure per-
sonal home, I almost rejoiced that the committee
having this subject in charge in a former session
had reported in favor of the construction of three
roads to the Pacific. I was led to believe with
confidence that the commerce developed by these
roads would be amply sufficient to support a north-
ern, a central, and a southern route. I commend
to the attention of the gentleman from Vermont
the reportsof thccommitteesofformerCongresses
| upon this subject. 1 commend to him the statis-
tics developed by those repoi ts, which the leisure
of former tunes has enabled committees better to
develop than the piessure of the time of the pres-
ent session would permit. 1 have read these re-
ports at my home, and tins is one of my regrets
m contemplating our present condition—just as we
were on the eve of enteung upon a great enter-
ptise which would have involved not commerce
alone, but which would have carried forward noble
and magnificent enterprises of the arts, science,
and literature to their great final consummation.
Sir, the postponement of these great enterprises is
to me one of the most painful consequences of this
rebellion; but even now I am willing to risk the
strain upon our industry and resources which this
enterprise would involve.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope this bill will be re-
committed, and that it will be perfected in respect
to its details. 1 hope that the plan we shall adopt
will be such as to secure one corporation thatshall
build the entire road. It will be, of course, ne-
cessary to secure the cooperation of Kansas; but
1 have no doubt the authorities of that State will
cheerfully yield whatever cooperation may be re-
quired in aid of this great object. I hone that this
amendment and this modification of the bill will
be made. In regard to minor objections, they may
or they may not exist. I think that they do. Let
the bill be amended, even though it may have to
be entirely reconstructed, in order that all of these
objections may be removed.
How is this machinery to work? How are
these corporations to vote? Corporations are as
much governed by votes as other bodies. I should
like to have some statement from the committee
as to how it is proposed that this machinery shall
be made to work. Let us make all of this matter
clear. I do not want this Pacific railroad to be left
powerless. I want a sound body, with muscles
and nerves and blood.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I never
read this bill until last evening, when f cursorily
glanced*over it. I did not intend to vote for it
from the beginning, and therefore I had no occa-
sion to read it. I believe that there are times and
seasons for ail things; that every day brings its
trials and its duties, and in the providence ofGod,
upon this Congress have been cast duties and re-
sponsibilities delicate and arduous; duties more
difficult, more arduous, and of greater magnitude
than were ever devolved upon any preceding Con-
gress—the duty of preserving this Government
from destruction. It is our duty to first perform
this higher office before we undertake to embark
in an inferior and subordinate enterprise.
The first great object which is devolved upon
us to accomplish, is to preserve the Government
in its integrity and purity as we inherited it from
our ancestors. We cannot do that unless we
maintain the credit of the country. What is this
project which we are now called upon to adopt? It
is to involve the Government still furtherin a vast
expenditure of money. It is to embark in an im-
provement of a magnitude exceeding any internal
improvement which has been brought to the atten-
tion of the Government since its foundation. It
is the construction of a railroad from some part of
the State of Kansas to the Pacific ocean. It is a
magnificent enterprise, and I would be glad to see
it carried out, if it could be done without risking
the credit of the Government—the integrity of that
Government which has protected us so long and
so well. If we undertake to embark in this enter-
prise it will involve the expenditure of hundreds
of millions of dollars, when ourcredit has already
been used extensively, and its strength even now
is being severely tried. Does not the introduction
of this project show a reckless disregard of the
inteiestsof our constituents confided to our keep-
ing? Is it worthy of the Representatives of a free,
enlightened, and intelligent people? By the tax
law which has just been passed, in prosperous
times you will collect, according to my estima-
tion, near fifteen hundred thousand dollars annu-
ally from my constituents alone, and now 1 am
called upon to vote upon them an additional bur-
den of $1,000,000 as their proportion of the cost
of this railroad. This I cannot do., without vio-
lating the trust which has been committed to me.
Gentlemen may say that money is not requited
for immediate expenditure. What of that? Our
bonds when we issue them bear upon them the
pledge of the faith of the nation, and that faith
must be redeemed. Our constituents will demand
that it shall be redeemed. And those bonds will
go into the market, and compete with the bonds
we are issuing to raise money to carry on this
Government, and to suppress the cruel rebellion
which is waged against it. The idea of b<ulow-
ing money for such an enterprise as this at such
a time, and under such circumstances,is wild and
chimerical in the extreme, and ought to receive
