706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Government at a cost of $16,000. An officer of the
Army was sent out there to locate it, and he placed
it on the top of a bluff, off any road and beyond
the reach of anybody. I do not believe that the
day it was completed, in 1855, it cost the con-
tractor over six thousand dollars, although the
Government paid §16,000; and I do not believe
that it could have been sold, land and all, at any
time, for $5,000. I do not care about selling it.
The provision I have offered is, that the Secretary
of the Treasury, if he deems it most expedient
that it should be closed, shall close it up and save
the leakage of $2,500 now paid to officers; butif it
is sold and improperly sold, the responsibility will
rest not upon me nor upon Congress, but upon the
gentleman in whose judgment and discretion Sen-
ators hero profess to have so much confidence. I
leave the whole matter in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and if ho desires to sell it,
he can sell it; if he desires to close it and save
two thousand five hundred or three thousand dol-
lars of money to the Treasury annually, let him
close it.
In regard to the point to which the Senator from
Maryland has called my attention, that clause
merely authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to lease these institutions to tlie city governments
or to such other parties as lie chooses. I do not
believe this hospital can be leased; and if it can-
not be leased, the organization goes on precisely
as it is at present.
But, sir, I have satisfied my conscience and my
constituents, who have boon writing to me on the
subject, and who expect to be burdened with di-
rect taxation, by calling the attention of the Sen-
ate to it, and if they choose to vote it down 1 shall
be satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to propose an
amendment, to insert on the Gth page, between
lines one hundred and thirty-one and one hundred
and thirty-two, the following:
For additional fmuies, and h^huier and repajiiiij; rhe
building and footways of iIk* oiMorn-houte and po-t oll'icc
in Cieoi'2<!ro\vn, Dinner ol Columbia, 01 so nmeh
thereof a* may bo necessary.
The Mayor of Georgetown callod on the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and stated to them that
the roof* of that building; was lenky, and that the
building wns .suffering injury and decay m con-
sequence of that, leakage; and that some other re-
pairs were required in order to prevent its decay,
lie asked for an appropriation of $>500. The
committee were satisfied that $,250 would make the
neccssary repairs, so far as to preserve the build-
ing from further decay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the hill,
by inserting in page eight, line 171, after the word
" birds," tile words " and for investigations to test
the practicability of preparing ilax as a substitute
for cotton," so as to make the clause read:
For collodion of ngtionltiual statistics, invo^tiiMtion-- for
promoting ngncuituio ami ltnal economy, am! tlu: pi or me-
mont, propagation, and dit-tubntion of and sood^
of new arnf useful varieties and ioi the muodueuon and
piott'clum ol inweetivoroiH bird*, and lor nive^Ujralion^ to
test the practicability of picparing ilak as a substitute for
cotton, $1)0,000.
Mi'. PEARCE. I do not believe that this will
result in anything r.ioiv beneficial than the ^3,000
we appropriated the other day to buy cotton seeds
for distribution north of latitude 38°; but inas-
much as it does not increase the appropuation, 1
shall make no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the question will be taken on concuirmg
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, all together.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish a separate vote nn
the two amendments m regard to the Piesident's
House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
will be on concurring in all the amendments save
the two indicated by the Senator from Minnesota.
The remaining amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. The first excepted
amendment is to insert.
For a deficiency on account of papering and painting the
President's House dining the autumn of 1861, ,<$4,500.
Mr. WILKINSON. My objection to this
amendment is, in the first place, that Congress ap-
propriated an adequate amount, the usual amount,
last year for repairs to the President's House.
It appears that Mr. Wood, who was appointed
Commissioner of Public Buildings, has made this
extraordinary expenditure, which I believe, in-
cluding both the amendments, amounts to $11,358.
I have not looked at the appropriation bills, but I
understand that $20,000 has been the ordinary
appropriation 
Mr. PEARCE. For furnishing the house, but
not for repairs. Tlie ordinary appropriation for
repairs has been $6,000. The ordinary appropri-
ation for furnishing the house every fourth year
has been §20,000.
Mr. WILKINSON. For furniture the expend-
iture overrunstheappropriation£G,858. ThisMr.
Wood was appointed Commissioner of Public
Buildings, ami was not confirmed by the Senate.
The President of the United States took it upon
himself to reappoint him; but the Senate refused
to confirm his nomination. And here arc the fruits
of that act on-the part of the President. The
House of Representatives, I am told, struck out
these provisions; and I am unwilling m these
times, when so much is being said about retrench-
ment, that the Senate should set an example of
voting this additional sum of §11,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. WILKINSON called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think my friend from
Minnesota could not have listened to the explana-
tion which was given of these two items at tlie
time ho moved them, by the Senator from Mary-
land, or he would not have made the objection lie
lias to them. I do not know that Mr. Wood had
much to do with this expenditure. Last year we
made what is called the ordinary appropriation
for the first year of §20,000 for the repairs and
new furniture, &c., in the President's House. I
ntn informed that in the first year of Mr. Buchan-
an 's administration <128,000 was expended, instead
of §20,000. This carries it up to about §30,000.
The explanation that, was given for it was tiiat m
the very multiplicity of the affairs of the Govern-
ment, as we all know, the President had no time
to see to the expenditure for furnishing the house
himself, or to give any personal attention to it
whatever, and it has necessarily been left to oth-
ers, and more money has been expended in fur-
nishing the house than was appropriated. The
first item, as my friend will see, is for papering
and painting, which is well spent, §4,000, and the
rest is for furnishing the house.
I have not made a very particular examination
of the furniture, but I am very willing to trust to
tlie honorable Senator from Maryland, who cer-
tainly cannot have the slightest motive—and if
lie had would not yield to it—to color the matter
at alt. lie states that in his judgment the house
although well furnished, is none too well, and
none too i iehly for the President's House. In
fact, it is plain, handsome furniture, such as the
President ought to have in a mansion occupied by
him as the Executive Mansion. Undcrthese cir-
cumstances, as lie has not been able personally
to supervise it, and the bills have thus run on to
something more than was appropriated, I do not
see any reason why we should treat him differ-
ently from all other public officers who have ex-
pended a little over a specific appropriation for
the benefit of the community, which, m this case,
is represented in the building itself. The country
has the benefit of it; it owns the property. I do
not think we should oblige him to pay the bills
himself, or make any reflection whatever upon
the expenditure of the appropriation.
These are the simple circumstances; and in the
unanimous judgment of the committee, I believe
it was deemed no more than proper that these
bills should be paid.
Air. WILKINSON. I understood from the
Senator from Maryland that these expenditures
were made by Mr. Wood.
Mr. PESSENDEN. He was Commissioner
of Public Buildings at the time; but how much ho
had to do with the personal supervision of it wo
do not know; I presume very little. It was made
under the direction, unquestionably, of some of
the President's family; and as there is nothing
that is gorgeous about it or unbecoming the Re-
public, nothing more than fitting furniture, I really
think we should make this appropriation without
objection.
Mr. BROWNING. If the Senator from Min-
nesota will permit me, I wish to correct some of
the statements that he no doubt_ has made under
a misapprehension of the facts in regard to this
matter. According to my recollection, this Com-
missioner of Public Buildings was not rejected
by the Senate at all.
Mr. WILKINSON. I did not state that. I
stated that the Senate refused to confirm him, or
neglected to do it.
Mr. BROWNING. His nomination fell by
not having been acted upon.
The other fact to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senator is this: these expenditures
are not a consequence of the reappointment of
that Commissioner at all. They were all made
piior to the adjournment of the session of Con-
gress. The Government, as stated by the mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance who has this
matter in charge, has received the benefit of all
these expenditures, and I think we ought to pay
them. 1 do not wish to go into the matter fur-
ther than to state that the'Scnator is mistaken in
supposing that this excess has arisen in conse-
quence of the reappointment of Mr. Wood at all.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think the Senator from
Illinois must be mistaken. His appointment was
made shortly after the President entered upon the
duties of his office, and wo adjourned on the 28th
of March, I think.
Mr. BROWNING. His nomination was be-
fore us in July. It was not before us in March.
Mr. WILKINSON. Perhaps I may be mis-
taken about that; but at all events the President
should have known that Mr. Wood was a very
improper person to be appointed to such a place.
Whether these expenditures were made before
or after the adjournment of the extra session of
Congress or not, I am unable to say; but certain
it is that be did not discharge the duties of his
office very faithfully while he was in it, and the
President had no right to judge from his ante-
cedents that he was a fit man to place in any such
position.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think Mr. Wood
had anything to do with it at all.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand these are
duties that have ordinarily devolved on the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The expenditures are un-
der the direction of the President generally, and
it was so in this instance. The direction was
necessarily a general one. Of course he could
not give his attention to all the details. We all
know the reason.
Mr. WILKINSON. My reply to that is, if
the President did it himself, it certainly ought not
to be allowed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think he did it
himself. I said these expenditures are ordinarily
made under the direction of the President person-
ally; they are for the President's House; and that,
in this instance, we all know the President could
give no personal supervision to it, and probably
knew nothing about it whatever. That is the
simple statement of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Jlissri Anthony, Biowmn", Chandler, Claik,
Coilamer, Cowan, Davis, Di\on, Doolittlo, Fessenden,
Fool, roster, Ilailan, Hams, Hcndei^on, Ilownid, John-
son, Kennedy, King, T.ane of Indiana, Latham, Morrill,
Peareo, Pomeioy, Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wil-
lev, YViKon of Massachusetts, and Wilson ofMissouu—31.
NAYri—Messrs. Conns, Powell, Tiunibull, and Wilkin-
son—4.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the following amendment,
made as in Committee of the Whole:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pay
the bill ol William Il.Cauyi & Biothei lor lulintuie fur the
President's House, $6,£53 30,
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to call the attention
of the Committee on Finance to the two hundred
and sixteenth line of this bill. There is phrase-
ology in that section that is a little peculiar, and
