1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
the condemr^ition of every intelligent gentleman
in the country.
This bill provides for the construction of a
chain of railroads, to be com posed of seveial links,
one of which is to be in Missouri, one in Kan-
sas, one in California, one in Nevada, and the
other connecting links to be constructed under the
provisions of this act.
I believe involved in that scheme is the means
of making this railroad, if it is ever constructed
under this bill, one of the most stupendous swind-
ling enterprises ever forced upon a people. Let
us look for a moment at some of the provisions of
the bill. For instance, the road is to pass through
the Territory of Nevada. The corporation to con-
struct the road through that Territory is to be
organized under an act of the Legislative Assem-
bly of that Territory. Is it notquite possible that
the people who embark in this enterprise may get
possession of that corporation and may construct
that part of the roaa? The Government may
have a mortgage upon all of the road without that
Territory, which it would be induced to foreclose.
TheNevadacorporation would, nevertheless, con-
trol the entire line of road, run it, and receive the
profit from It. For the Government would not run
the road, and if it attempted to do so, the corpora-
tion holding any link in the chain of road would
fix the terms upon which the Government could
use their local road. Suppose the people of Mis-
souri and Kansas get the eontiol of the Nevada
road, they would destroy the Iowa road by impos-
ing upon the business of that road burdens suffi-
ciently onerous to render that branch valueless.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair,] when he was upon the floor yester-
day, suggested that members representing districts
in the eastern States were opposed to this bill be-
cause it was a western scheme. I wish the gen-
tleman had postponed his attempt to get up this
sectional party and another sectional strife, until
we had overcome the one which we ate now trying
to put down. I deny,most emphatically, this alle-
gation, and I should have been glad if he had omit-
ted to make this charge. He commits an error
when he supposes that the representatives of those
districts when they come here come to represent
the exclusive interests of their section of this coun-
try. This whole country is ours, and we from
the East are as willing to be taxed and to pour out
our blood, when necessary, for the people of the
West as we are for the people of the East. I was
surprised to hear other gentlemen, weeks since,
in the same tram of remark, refer to this matter.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. ICellogg] and
the gentleman from Ohio did so. I might have
reminded the lattergentleman, who referred to the
sectional proclivities of the East, that in one of the
public squares of one of the cities of that State is
a monument, and that there is another monument
in an ancient city of New England; the one was
crected to commemorate the glory, and the other
to mark the grave of one who fought upon Lake
Eric, and who carried to that fight a majority of
his eastern force from my own native county, and
these met the conquerois of Trafalgar, and wrote
upon the page of American history the immortal
words, " we have met the enemy and they are
ours." This battle was fought for and this vic-
tory saved the West.
The gentleman from Missouri referred to the
battle recently fought in the West, and he told us
that the West had done all the fighting in the pres-
ent war. They have done well and nobly, and I
rejoice in it. These men who have won victories
at Springfield, Fort Henry, Fort Donelson, Isl-
and No. 10, and Pittsburg Landing, are the de-
scendants of the Pilgrim fathers. They are our
countrymen, our own kindred, and we glory in
their achievements as we do in those of our own
sons. But the gentleman forgot some matters
when he spoke of the army of the West and its
achievements. He forgot the part taken in ob-
taining these victories by eastern men. General
Halleck is from Oneida county, New York.
Commodore Foote, who has done as much for the
glory of our arms as any other man in the public
service, is from the State of Connecticut. Lyon,
one of the early victims and martyrs m this great
cause, was also from Connecticut. From Mas-
sachusetts came Mitchell, who is now performing
deeds which are adding to the glory of the Amei-
lcan flag. These are our fellow-citizens. They
are our countrymen. Their achievements are the
property of the nation, and their glory belongs to
our common country—to us at the East as well as
to the men of the West. It is not in accordance
with my taste to speak of the part which my own
State has taken in tins strife. I doubt not that
impartial history will do it justice, and I will not
anticipate its verdict.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
has stated that we must vote for this Pacific rail-
road because it is a plank in the Chicago plat-
form, which we introduced here as a kind of po-
litical bible. At the time that plank was adopted
by the Chicago convention, I indorsed it in its
length and breadth, and under the same circum-
stances 1 would reindorse it to-day. But the
times and circumstances then were, however, very
different from what they are now. The times have
changed, and to be wise we must change with
them. The gentleman tells us that we are now
to be governed by a party creed. Mr. Chairman,
I have but one party, and that party is the coun-
try; I have but one platform, and that platform
is the Federal Constitution; one political object to
attain, and that is the preservation of this Gov-
ernment. On the 12th of April a year ago, when
the shot went against the walls of Sumter, which
aroused the nation and shocked the world, I gave
up all my party predilections in favor of the coun-
try and its cause. I trust I am free from all party
prejudice; and I trust that every gentleman here
is here to-day acting in the interest of the coun-
try, and not in the interest of any political party.
We must look at this great question before ns as
it is to affect the integrity of the Union. This
great railroad enterprise involves, it may be, the
integrity of this Government. It seems to me
that it may amount to that. Gentlemen who urge
this measure cannot have considered its financial
bearings. If they had done so, they would pause
before they undertook to embark the Government
in a scheme of this chatacter. I would gladly
have voted for a bill for this purpose under other
circumstances; but I say that I will vote for no
bill involving so large an expenditure of money
as this does, unless it is for the purpose of put-
ting down the rebellion. The exigencies of the
times demand of us, as the Representatives of the
people, that we should devote our attention to
that one object, the accomplishment of which is
nearer to the hearts of the loyal people than any
other—the object of suppressing the insurrection
and restoring the union of the States as it came to
us from the hands of our fathers.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose to move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of moving, in the
House, to postpone the further consideration of
this bill till Monday, in order that we may £0 into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar. I think it is only just that we should do
so. There are certainly a few cases which ought
to be considered, and this is private bill day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say to the gentle-
man from Illinois that I know there is one gentle-
man who desires to be heard upon the question
to-day, and I do not now see him in his seat.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let him be heard on Mon-
day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will modify his motion, I do not think there
will be any objection to it. There are ten or fif-
teen gentlemen who desire to be heard upon this
measure, some of whom are now absent from
the House owing to sickness and other causes,
and 1 have been requested by a number of gentle-
men to have the bill postponed until Wednesday
or Thursday next to accommodate the absentees.
Now, the committee who have reported this
bill believe it to be the best measure that can be
framed, and think that it can be defended before
the House whenever gentlemen in good faith re-
quire any explanation, but gentlemen who are op-
posed to any such measure could not, of course,
be satisfied with any bill that might be reported.
The object of the committee is to have a full and
fair investigation of the bill, and if any amend-
ments reasonable in themselves, and which will
pel feet the bill, shall be offered, the committee
will be as ready as any member of the House can
be, to accept of such amendments.
We are for a Pacific railroad, representing no
local interest and no narrow view. Our only ob-
ject is to perfect the bill, and have it passed by
the House, because wc believe the interests of the
country require it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Suppose amend-
ments should be offered of such a nature as to
require a reconstruction of the bill, would the
gentleman withhold the previous question in the
House to allow the sense of the House to be
tested on a motion to recommit?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot give any answer
to the gentleman on that point. The committee
and the friends of this measure must be governed
by circumstances as they arise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will accept the modification
suggested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
when I make the motion to postpone in the House.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope an opportunity will
be afforded to every gentleman who desires to
offer an amendment, whether it will lead to a re-
construction of the bill or not, to do so. I do not
desire to offer any amendments with a view of
factious opposition to this bill. I am in favor of
a Pacific raikoad, and I am in favor of passing a
Pacific railroad bill at this session; but 1 desire to
perfect the bill as well as I can, and I desire an
opportunity of offering amendments whenever I
see fit; and I trust the committee will permit me
to do so, and give me a fair vote upon them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is no disposition
to cut off amendments in the Committee of the
Whole. The gentleman will have an opportunity
when the bill is read by sections to offer any
amendments he sees proper.
Mr. LOYEJOY. 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Crisfield reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Pacific railroad bill, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the further con-
sideration of the special order be postponed until
Wednesday next.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend that mo-
tion so as to postpone it until a week from Mon-
day next.
Mr. OLIN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion until we can dispose of this
matter. It will take but a moment.
Mr. OLIN. I will withdraw it until this mat-
ter is disposed of.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will modify my motion so
as to postpone until Thursday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Say Monday week.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Very well; I will accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.]
The motion to postpone, as modified, was
agreed to. *
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the Private (Calendar.
Mr. OLIN. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Lovejoy's mo-
tion; and being put, there were—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table, for the purpose of taking
up the bills of a private character.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I renew the motion to_ adjourn. It
is evident that the House does not intend to do
any further business to-day.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 39, noes 44.
Mr. OLIN. As there is no quorum present, I
move that there be a call of the House.
The question was put; and the House refused
to order a call.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for re-
ports of a private character.
CLAIMS OF CITIZENS 01? DELAWARE.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, bill of the House (No. 321)
to indemnify certain citizens of the United States
