208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
31th Cons....2d
Confiscation of Ilebel Property—Mr. Hancheli.
Ho. of Reps.
in such a war, I do not believe in that refinement
of Christian sympathy which requires us to love
our enemies be tier than ourselves—many gentle-
men upon this iloor seem to have reached that sub-
limated point. While the war lasts I would only
remember our own sufferings and the just punish-
ment due to the traitors; that it may be conducted
with greater energy and swifter vengeance, to the
end that it may sooner cease, so that in peace we
may return to thoughts and acts of mercy.
Bat iet us inquire if, in fact, such universal dis-
tress and wide-spread ruin must fall upon "our
deluded brethren of the South" by the enforced
payment of this war debt. How much is the
amount, and what the means for payment? By
examination, I find the valuation of real and per-
gonal estate, in 1860, in the slave States, (exclud-
ing Maryland and Delaware,) to be as follows:
Real Estate. Personal Estate.
Alabama  $155,034,089 #'J77,164,673
Arkansas  03,254,710 116,956,590
.Florida   21,732,810 47,206,875
Geoigia  179,801,441 438,430,946
Kentucky    277,925,054 250.287,639
Louisiana  280,704,988 155^082,277
Mississippi  157,836,737 351,636,175
Missouri  153,'i.>0,577 113.485,274
Nerth Carolina  U0.366,r>73 175^931,029
South Carolina  129,772,684 359,546,444
Tennessee  219,991,180 162,504,020
Texas    112,476,013 165,316,322
Virginia  417,952,228 239,069,108
$2,586,589,014 $3,842,617,372
Amounting, in the aggregate, to $5, J28,906,386.
I will assume that one third part of this amount
is owned by loyal citizens, which, I think, may
be regarded as a liberal estimate in favor of loy-
alty, and then we have subject to confiscation
#3,419,270,924. One fourth part of this sum will
give us #854,817,731. By the honorable Treas-
urer's estimate, I understand that our national
debt, on the 1st day of July next, will notexceed
|600,000,00(l; so that one fourth part of the rebels'
property, at their own valuation, will pay our en-
tiro debt, and leave a surplus of $250,000,000 for
contingencies, if they see fit to lay down their
arms at that timo^ and if not, we can run the war
throe years more, at the same rates, upon their
capital, and then fall back upon our own.
Mr. Speaker, it would be disingenuous not to
admit that many of those who oppose these meas-
ures do so wholly or in part upon the ground
that we have not the constitutional power to enact
them, some contending that the power rests ex-
clusively in the executive branch of the Govern-
mcut, and others that it does not exist, at all. I
have not, in the brief remainder of the hour allot-
ted me, time to fully discuss these important ques-
tions, nnr is it necessary to do so after the very
full and exhaustive debate which has already been
had here, and their free discussion throughout the
country. Having been fortunately spared from
the civil commotions and wars which have usually
beset other nations in their early history, we are,
to a great extent, withoutjuridical arguments and
judicial decisions in our own courts touching these
questions, and it is not, therefore, very surpusin"
that conflicting opinions are entertained by eminent
statesmen and lawyers regarding them. But let
me respectfully suggest to honorable gentlemen
here, that the only correct and safe rule for us
to fallow in our construction and application of
doubtful constitutional and legal prerogatives and
rights, in our present emergency, is to lean decid-
edly and firmly to the side of the Government, the
people, and liberty; and against anarchy, the rebels,
and slavery. It we err on the side of the former,
correction can be made by the judicial branch of
the Government, and the constiiutionalrights of the
rebels protected, as contended for; if on the side
of the latter, by refusal to exercise real or donbt-
lul powers, the Government may be subverted, with-
out our knowing whether it he done in strict
accordance with constitutional rights mid the tech-
nicalities of international law or not. To use a
homely illustration, we shall be in the condition
of the farmer, who rushed to the rescue of his do 
in a fight with a wood-chuck, and in striking at
the wood-cburk killed the dog. Ho said it added
greatly to the poignancy of his grief that the do 
should die, thmking the fatal blow was dealt by
the wood-chuck.
I think it unkind in our super-technical friends
here, who are restrained by constitutional scru-
ples, that they refuse to let these new and, may
be, vital questions be tested in the tribunals by
which they swear; and not only unkind to the
living, but unjust to the memory of the canonized
dead who framed the Constitution; for if the Gov-
ernment which they inaugurated shall be broken
up, and the stars of liberty which they lighted be
forever quenched in the horrors and darkness of
this rebellion, itis all-important to their fame that
(if possible) they may be exonerated from the
charge of having created this great and wondrous
work, only withholding from it the right of self-
preservation. But if gentlemen will not yield this
much, and the dreaded catastrophe shall come,
which God avert, and you shall be forced to hast-
ily doff your constitutional slippers and conserv-
ative night-gowns for the rude brogans of com-
mon sense and habiliments of progress, in which
to escape from the crumbling walls of the Capitol
to the saddened homes of your constituents, clus-
tering with their fond memories of the pasty and
some of them hallowed by monuments and mau-
soleumsdedicated todeparted wisdom,patriotism,
and greatness; when you shall be met with the cry,
" 4 Watchman, what of the night?'—why is the
temple of liberty destroyed?" and you shall re-
peat yourselves, and answer, "All is lost.' we
had not the constitutional power to save it /"—then,
amid the storm which shall burst upon you from
the inappreciative masses, may each and all of
you be sustained by that spirit of peace and good-
will toward all men which is so richly enjoyed
by the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Thomas,] and, more moderately, by
my excellent friends on this side of the House, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Djven] and the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield,]
and which so eminently fits them for translation
from these scenes of earthly strife to the celestial
realms of eternal peace.
I have only to add in this connection, that I be-
lieve with the honorable and able gentleman who
reported these bills, that we have ample powers
under the Constitution and the laws to pass them,
and that j ustice, expediency, and the public neces-
sity require us to do so. "When the conspirators
were plotting their treason, and secretly moving
in its execution, they were sccret enemies of the
Government, and were liable to indictment, trial,
conviction, and punishment for treason, by " due
process of law"—the laws of pcace. When they
took arms in their hands, and by open, organized
force defied, resisted, and sought to subvert the
Government, they became " public enemies," and
arc still liable to punishment by due process of
kw—thesummary knvs ofivar; by which theii lives
are forfeited, all their property liable to confisca-
tion, and their slaves to emancipation. Biackstone
says:
"The natural justice of forfeiture or confiscation of pron-
erty jar treason is founded in this consideration: that he
who has violated the fundamental punciples of goveru-
inent, and broken his part of the original contract between
kniii and people, hath abandoned his connection with societu
and haih no longer any right 10 those advantages which be-
nity ,hjel0ngeti to him Pmely as a member of the commu-
And YaUel, in treating upon civil war, says:
"The war between the two parties stands on the same
ground m every respect as a public war between two dif-
feient nations." * - * * " VVeliave a n«"ht
ma? «/!V° J?/V"?ny P°*SCssion<5> everything lint
rvi-v u J Jniw stren*th and enable him to make war. This
suitable to him!"™'5* t0 acc mPlish '  manner most
So these powers existed and do exist at common
aw and under the international law, and aii his-
tory shows that they have been most fully exer-
cised by all nations. They are incident to sov-
ereignty. With us sovereignty is in the people;
and these powers, by the Constitution, may be
exercised by Congress, their agent, unabridged
and unrestricted, except only that" no attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeit-
ure, except during the life of the person attainted;"
and upon this restriction mainly turns the argu-
ment as to our right to confiscate the property of
lebels now in arms, and more particularly their
real estate. Was it intended to lessen the penal-
ties tor the crime of treason against the guiitv-
°LWafv -lnten,tion on'y t0 prevent, in some de-
gree, the sins of the traitor being visited upon his
innocent children > I accept the definition of the I
word " attainder" given by my learned friend,
the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Shef-
field.] He says:
" I understand [it] to mean a consequence upon the con-
viction of crime, which coriupts the blood and forfeit^ the
property of the person attainted. The child of the attainted
felon becomes a stranger and an outlaw in the land of his
fathers. It was so in the English law."
In the light of this definition it is easy to un-
derstand what was sought to be accomplished by
this provision of the Constitution,simply to remove
this harsh rule as to the innocent, and to leave it
in full force as to the guilty. If the intention had
been otherwise, the words " except during the life
ofthe person attainted" would have been omitted,
and then the effect contended for by those who
would have the restriction apply to the guilty as
well as the innocent would be plain. Upon what
rule of construction these words of exception can
be treated as mere surplusage I do not see. For-
feiture was an incident of attainder, and the terms
are convertible, meaning one and the same thing.
Omit either, and the practical effect of the lan-
guage is the same; still, I imagine, if the word
" foifeiture" had been omitted, we should not
have this controversy, but that all would concur
that the intention was not to remit the penalty of
confiscation against all the property of the traitor,
but only that the blood of his children should not
be attainted for his crime, not that the property of
the criminal should be preserved for his children,
but that they might be relieved from the disability
of all inheritance incident to his attainder.
If this provision of the Constitution applies at
ail to the crime of treason in time of war, I think
this must be its true construction. If it applies *
only in cases of conviction.and judgment, as " by
due process of law,"in time of peace, then it must
have been the intention, in view of the greater of-
fense of treason organized into rebellion and civil
war, to leave the harsh rule of the common law
unrestricted and in full force during the contin-
uance of the war.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have only to say
that, through the favor of providence and the ar-
dent patriotism of the people, I have full faith that
we shall effectually subdue this monstrous rebel-
lion, and make the power of the Government
respected throughout all the States, and that the
nation, through this great tribulation, will be puri-
fied and socially regenerated, so that it may run
the race of empire with renewed vigor and glory,
and forever remain in fact, as in theory, " the
chosen land of liberty."
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. L. HANCHETT,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free fiom servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. HANCHETT said:
Mr. Speaker: in the course of the debates of
this Houae, occasioned by the various proposi-
tions andmquiries, suggested by the extraordinary
condition of the country, the question has often
been asked, and as often answered, in one way or
another, " Whatare we fighting for'" The ques-
tion can hardly be asked too often, until the proper
answer shall be found and made the basis of har-
monious and effectual conduct. As I understand
the objects and purposes of the war on our part,
they are not to reconstruct the Union, for the
work of construction was gloriously done by our
fathers, and we do not for a moment admit that
their work in that behalf has as yet been undone.
■Not the foul and unholy conspiracy which, in the
ripeness of its long-maturing plans, and in the per-
fection of its organization, more than a yearao-o
thsew off all disguises, and bade defiance to the
authority ofthe Union; not the various processes
resorted to in rebellious districts for the purpose of
creating a pseudo government, independent of and
hostile to the Government of the United States-
nor even the supplanting of thejudicial and execu-
Uve authority in certain portions of the country*
not these nor all the concomitant deeds of insur-
