THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOI-IN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 18C2.
New Series No. 169.
tee for the District of Columbia has recommended
the proportion of one half as adopted in the bill,
and that they be allowed to raise it in their own
way, but with other provisions of such a charac-
ter that if they decline to do so it shall be raised
by Government officers in the way appointed by
this bill. To repeat, then, Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee are first to decide whether there is such a ne-
cessity as requires the immediate erection of these
buildings, and, in the second place, what is the
fair proportion to entail on the citizens of the Dis-
trict, to be contributed by them towards these two
common objects. It is highly important that these
buildings should be removed from their present
sites. This bill proposes that they shall be lo-
cated on lands belonging to the Government at a
point two or three miles distant from the Capitol.
There are reseived lands belonging to the Gov-
ernment which are well adapted to the purpose.
These lands have been frequently examined by
committees of Congress. They contain some-
where from six to ten acres, and are quite suffi-
cient in extent. The space covered by the pres-
ent penitentiary buildings is only from two and a
half to three acres of land, and all of this is re-
quired by the Government for arsenal uses.
The Committee for the District of Columbia has
not only been careful to have plans made and sub-
mitted to the Secretary of the Interior, whose let-
ter I have here, showing that he has examined and
approved them, but has also submitted them to
experts in various parts of the country, who have
also approved of tliem.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to permit me to offer an
amendment to the last section of the bill.
Mr. DliLANO. I yield for that purpose.
Mr- P. A. CONKLING. I move to amend by
adding the following proviso:
Proriilei), That no plan fur the building mimed in the
fceeuori shall be adopted, toe completion of which will, with
the co-t of the site, involve a laiger e\pendituie than the
sum heieb> appropriated"!
Mr. DELANO. I accept that cheerfully.
The amendment was, by unanimous consent,
agreed lo.
Mr. DELANO. I was about to say, before
taking: my seat, and because of the question put to
nie yesterday by the gentleman from New York,
that the plans which have been prepared and sub-
mitted to the different Departments of the Govern-
ment—more particularly the Interior Department
—do not contemplate the expenditure of more than
§200,000. It is believed confidently that by in-
viting competition from northern contractors, these
institutions can be combined on the plans submit-
ted to the committee, and all the buildings and
walls necessary for their complete construction can
be brought within an expenditure not exceeding
that sum.
It will be seen, by looking at the bill, that the
half of the sum is to be raised by the District of
Columbia, and is to be divided, m certain propor-
tions, between the city of Washington, the. city
of Georgetown, and the county of Washington.
Those proportions have been adjusted, after con-
sultation with gentlemen of the District who are
supposed to be conversant with what would be a
just rule of distribution, on those different muni-
cipal divisions of the District. It is not left to the
citizens to say whether they will or will not ac-
cept this offer of Congress, or whether they will
build a jail and penitentiary, as proposed under
this lull, if they do not accept those terms, then
it is left with other officers to determine how the
object can be accomplished, without the matter
ao-'ain coming; back to Congress.
°M,. COLFAX. If theTreasury were in an
affluent condition, I should take pleasure in sup-
porting the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to pass this bill. But under the pres-
ent circumstances, I doubt very much whether we
eh- ju^Litud or the people will sustain us in the
expenditure of $200,000 for a ja.l and penitentiary
in the D.stiiet ol Columbia. 1 am aware that by
the terms of the bill §100,000 of the amount is to
be raised by taxation from the cities of Wash-
169
ington and Georgetown, but I suppose it is very
well understood that before any portion of that
$100,OOOis raised, we shall have petitions herefrom
the people of these cities to be released from the
contribution of their portion of the amount. We
shall be told that it is unjust to tax them to build
a penitentiary which is to be used to a great extent
for the purposes of the Government; and the whole
amount will be paid by the Government. I do
not think the bill should pass at this time, and 1
move to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. WRIGHT. Upon that motion I propose
to say a word.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The motion to strike out
the enacting clause is not a debatable question.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate has not been
closed upon the bill; debate is therefore in order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am in favor of the motion
made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax.] 1 concur entirely in the opinion that so far
as a jail is concerned for the accommodation of tile
prisoners held by the United States Government,
we ought to provide some place for their confine-
ment. I believe that in all the States where the
Government has no prison, there has been an ar-
rangement between the United States authorities
and the State authorities, by which the Stale pris-
ons are used for the confinement of United States
prisoners, and I am willing that such an arrange-
ment shall be made with the municipal authorities
of this District, but I am not willing thattheUiu-
ted States shall at this time embark in an expend-
iture of money for that purpose, on a scale such
as is proposed by this bill.
The proposition befoie us is that the United
States shall conttibute $100,000 towards the erec-
tion of these buildings,and that the cities of W^asli-
ino'ton and Georgetown shall con tribute a like sum.
That,sir,considering the condition of thpeountry,
and the condition of the public finances, is em-
barking upon a scale of grandeur and of expend-
iture of the public money which 1 am not inclined,
just now, to sanction.
Now, sir, the General Government has always
been beneficent—I believe that is the word al-
ways bencficent towards the people of this Dis-
trict. They have contiibuted millions for sup-
plying these cities with water; they have made
contributions for paving the streets; they have
contributed towardslightmg the city; and in years
gone by they have conti ibuted, in various forn^s,
millions from the national Treasury towards
building up this city.
Mr. MAYNAllD, Will the gentleman name
the streets Congress has appropriated money to
pave ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I presume the gentleman is
aware that Pennsylvania avenue has always been
paved and kept in repair by the General Govern-
ment; and I ain told that the same is true in ref-
erence to several other streets.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe thatPennsylvania
avenue does not belong to the city at all, but is
the propei ty of the General Government.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir; it is not the prop-
erty of the Government.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. I so undetstand it.
Mr! WRIGHT. I understand that Pennsyl-
vania avenue is one of the public highways, which
the gentleman from Tennessee has the right to
pass over in common with every other citizen.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thatisnotthepoint. Penn-
sylvania avenue, and all the other avenues of the
city, I have always understood, belong to the Gen-
eral Government; I have understood that they were
reserved by Congress, and that the city has no
control over them. That has been my informa-
tion. I may have been misinformed.
Mr. DELANO. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will give way for o moment I will endeavor
to explain how this is. All these lands weieou-
ginallvpurchased by the Government. A convey-
ance of them was given to commissioners; under
the direction of tin' commissioners they ueie laid
out as avenues and public streets, under the con-
trol and jurisdiction of the Government, and they
have remained under the exclusive control of the
Government since 1791, wlwn the grant of terri-
tory was made to the Government. And not only
that, bu i the Government has al ways assu med con-
trol and jurisdiction over these streets; they have
from time to time shut up streets to suit their own
notions of what was necessary and expedient.
Mr.WRIGHT. We.U,Mr. Chairman, whether
these streets were reserved by the Government or
not, they are for the public convenience and pub-
lic necessity of the people of the city of Washing-
ton. They have been paved at the public expense,
and I am informed that they are lighted at the
public expense.
Now, sir, I do not think that the people of the
city of Washington, with all the wealth they have
accumulated—and 1 see evidences all around us
everywhere that there is immense wealth in the
city 1 say that with all the wealth accumulated
through the munificence of the Government, I do
not think that people so situated should attempt
at this time of public emergency to put their hands
into the Treasury for schemes such as ore con-
templated by the gentleman's bill. Two hundred
thousand dollars*for the purpose of erecting a jail
and other buildings which are needed for the ac-
commodation of the persons who may be sen-
tenced by the couits of the District, is a large
amount of money.
It is true that we are engaged in expending mil-
lions of dollars, which we appropriate without a
moment's consideration; but let me say to gen-
tlemen that the time will come when these liabil-
ities must be met. It is tor us merely to say " ay
to the appropriation of immense sums of money,
arid they are expended; but the time must come
when the money thus Appropriated and thus ex-
pended must be paid by the people. If there was
ever a moment on earth when there should be
exhibited upon the pait of Congress a spirit of
economy, that time is now.
I have been through the public prisons of this
city, and I know there is not that degree of ac-
commodation winch ought to exist, but that is
not for the consideration of Congress. They are
institutions which are not designed for the use of
the nation at large, but of the criminals who are
prosecuted under the municipal laws of the Dis-
trict. The city itself ought to make provision for
a [dace of confinement for its own criminals. As
well might the State of Pennsylvania, or any other
State of the Union, ask a publicappropriation for
building a jail for the accommodation of its crim-
inals, as the people of Washington. There would
be the same reason for making these demands upon
Congress upon the partofthe people of any State
as there is on the part of the people of the Dis-
trict. The people of this District ought to reflect
that they are to bear their share of the public
bui dens. They ought to be willing in times like
these cheerfully to'meet their full share of the
public necessities. . . .
Now, 1 apprehend that the $100,000 which it is
proposed they shall raise, if the Governmentgives
them the ground on which to build, ought to be
amply sufficient for such a building as they need,
and if Congress donates them the grounds, they
ou°*lit to be thankful for it, and cheerfully con-
tribute the money required to construct the build-
"Tarn, therefore, in favor of giving them the
grounds without charge, and thatshou d be a suf-
ficient consideration to induce them to build such
a jail and penitentiary as will be ample for the
accommodation of such criminals as are sent to
them by the decrees of the district courts and by
the United States courts.
Now, §100,000 is a large amount of money for
such a purpose. This is no time to construct
buildings for ornament; this is no time for the
expenditure of public money without due consid-
eration. Times have come upon us when the
most unbending anil rigorous economy which csrt
be adopted ougut to be adopted m the expendi-
tures ot this Gou-rnment. We have now reached
j a point when th" resources of the nation are re-
! nuned to be hubjuuded 111 every way possible. It
i is our dutv to see to it that there are no unneces-
