1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
I desire to know the reason of it. The clausc
now reads:
"For surveying the public lawl> in Oregon, to be dis-
bursed at the late* now authoiized bj lav., <*5,000."
I desire to ask the Senator who seems to have
control of this bill the necessity for the insertion
of this phrase, " to ho disbursed at the rates now
authorized by law."
Mr. PEAKCE. I do not know that I can give
the Senator a very satisfactory explanation of
that. I imagine it was thought, if we adopted the
rates authorized by law, we could not possibly
make any mistake' I suppose it was designed to
prevent any departure from the law. I find the
estimate m that language, and the committee fol-
lowed the estimates—" for surveying; the public
lands in Oregon, to be disbursed at the rates now
authorized by law." The same language is used
in relation to Washington Territory. I am under
the impression that we have at some former time
allowed rates exceeding those usually fixed by
law. This ls'a return to the legal provision.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee oil Public Lands
have had under consideration the surveying of
lands in that State and in other places. It is
thought that the rate is too high, and that some
alteration had better be made. I suggest that by
the unanimous consent of the Senate, the word
" now,}bcfore " authorized,"in the two hundred
and sixteenth line, and also in the two hundred
and nineteenth line, might be stricken out, and
then the provision would be unobjectionable. That
could be done, i suppose, if nobody has any ob-
jection.
Mr. PEARCE. I make no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made in the bill by the unanimous consent of
the Seriate.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. FOOT. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, u bo to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agieed to.
CAPTURE OF FOUT HENRY.
Mi. JOHNSON". I have a little communica-
tion here that I desire to introduce by way of epi-
sode, and I hope it will be read for the informa-
tion of the Senate. I do not think there can be
any objection to it. It is so seldom that we get
a thing of the kind here, that I think we should
have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TlmSenafnr from
Tennessee sends the following communication to
the desk, and asks that it bo read, it will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
United Statcs Flag Stkamcr Cincinnati,
orr 1''okt }]i:nrv, Ttnni
Fchuaty G, LSbJ.
Hon. tr. Wkt.les, Secretary of the Navy:
The gunboat^ under my command—Essex, Commander
Totter; Carondelet, Commandei Walkc; Cincmnai i, Com-
mander Steuibcl; St. Louis, Lieutenant Commanding Paul-
ding ; Conebtoga, Lieutenant Commanding Phelps; Tay-
lor, Lieu tenant Commanding Qui tin ; and Le.unL'ton, Lieu-
tenant Commanding Shnb—aliei a x-ve-io and lapid liruof
one hour and a <|uattei\ 1mve eaptmed I'oir llcnij and have
taken Geneiai Lloj-d Tilghman and lu^ stall with -sixty men
as prisoners. The sunender to the gunboat wad unenn-
ditiomil, as wo kept an open fire upon thorn until their (lay
was sti uek. In ha.lt' an hour aftei the surrender I handed
the fort and prisoneis over to Geneiai Giant, commanding |
the auny, on hib anival at the (bit in furec. The E->-ex ;
had a s-lnu in her hoileis and after fighting mo>t clleetivoly
for two thirds of the action was obliged to drop down the
liver, as 1 hear that sevcial ot her men were scalded to
death, including the two pilot-?. She with the other «un- ;
boats:, olfjceiij and men, fought with the gi cutest gall.iutiy.
The Cincinnati received thiity-one shot^, and had one man
killed and eiijht wounded, two seuou->l\. The lot t, with
twenty guns and seventeen moifn*, wn«* defended by Gen-
oral Tiliihman with the most deteninned gallantly. [ will
write as *oon a-, possible. I have ---.'at Lieutenant Com- ■
iihuuhng Philips and three gunboat-, alter the i«-bei gunbr.aw. !
A. U. FOOTE. Flag Officer. j
Mr. JOHNSON. I merely wished to have that |
dispatch road by way of refreshing the Senate, j
that we might see that the Union is going alofig. ;
PllIN'TIXC! OP PAPERS :
Mi. LATHAM. I renew the motion I made
a short time since, that the papers now m pos- ;
session of the Committee on Finance m relation :
to the appropriation for printing Treasury notes ,
be printed lor the use of the Senate. |i
The motion was ugreeed to. jj
MILITARY CLAIMS. jj
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com- jj
mittee on Finance to report back a joint resolution
providing for the payment of the awards of the !
commissioners to investigate the military claims
in the department of the West, with two amend-
ments, and to ask its consideration now. It is
very brief, and I suppose will not give lisc to any
debate whatever.
There being no objection,the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (S. No. 22) providing for the
payment of the awards of the commission to in-
vestigate the military claims in the department
of the West. It directs that the sums allowed to
be due from the United States to individuals, com-
panies, or corporations by the commission here-
tofore appointed by the Secretary of War for the
investigation of military claims against the depart-
ment of the West, composed of David Davis,
Joseph Holt, and Hugh Campbell, now sitting at
St. Louis, shall be deemed to be due and payable,
and are to be paid by the disbursing officers, in
each case, upon the presentation of the voucher
with the commissioners' certificate thereon in any
form plainly indicating the allowance of the claim,
and to what amount; and this is to apply to all
cases allowed by the commission during their
sitting, as well hereafter as heretofore.
The first amendment reported by the commit-
tee was, to insert, after the word (l officers," in
the thirteenth line, the words,c< either in St. Louis
or Washington;" so that the clause will read:
And &,hall be paid by the disbursing officers either in St.
Louis oi Washington, in cach case upon the piesentation
oi the voucher, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the last clause of the bill, in the follow-
ing words:
This to apply to all ca^es allowed by said eomims&ion
dining then anting, as well hcical'tei as herctofoie.
And to insert in lieu thereof;
This isolation .-hall apply onlj to claims allowed on ac-
count of Mii)M-,tenee. clothing, quaiteimasted piopcitv,
aim.-?, tianspoitahon of arm-, and supplies.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments wereconcuired
in,and the joint resolution ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
PAY OP ARMY OKKICISRS.
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. I now move
to take up the bill, which was postponed this
morning, to define the compensation of officers of
the Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 175) to define the pay
of certain officers of the Aimy, and for other pur-
PIMr.' WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have
moved to take up the bill for the purpose of leav-
ing it as the order on which we adjourn, so that
on Monday it will have precedence as unfinished
business; and I therefore move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The nudum was agreed to; and the Senate
adj ourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 7, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayu
by the Chaplain, llev. T. II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TREASURY NOT!-] TSILL.
Mr. NOELL. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of tile House to retoid my "vote on the Tieusmj
note bill, whioli was passed on yesterday. I left
the House with no idea that the final \ot«- would
then be taken.
There was no objection.
Mr. NOELL. [ ask, then, that my vote be re-
coided in the affirmative.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question in tefer-
enec to the Journal. A mistake was made in the
wording of my substiuuc for the Treasury note
bill offered yesterday. Before my substitute was
presented, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Rice] asked me to accept his amendment
making the time five years, instead of twenty
years. Hyinadvcrtencctlie words, "thatthe semi-
annual interest shall be paid m coin," were per-
mitted to remain in that amendment. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts consented that those
words should be stricken out; but the amendment
by some accident passed with these words " pay-
able in com" in. Unless there is unanimous con-
sent I do not ask that the mistake shall be cor-
rected. It was not the fault of the clcrks, but the
fault of the House, in not having the amendment
read. It can, however, be corrected in the Sen-
ate. _ In another part of the bill it is provided that
the interest shall not be payable in coin; and un-
less this correction be made the provisions as they
now stand will be incongruous. Therefore, if
there be no objection, I ask that the correction be
made.
Mr. WADSWORTII. Is it not necessary to
have the interest payable in coin?
Mr. STEVENS. That is not the way the bill
passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that there
will be no objection to the correction being made,
as that was the way in which the majority of the
House passed this bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I will not interpose
any objection.
Mr. STEVENS. There were two copies, one
having the provision that the interest should be
payable in coin, and the other being without it; and
by some accident the one having the provision for
the payment of the interest in coin was sent up to
the Clerk's desk and adopted.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Read the amendment as
it will stand.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, upon
presentation of said ceitificates of deposit, issue to the
holder thereof, at lus option, and instead of the bonds al-
ready described, an equal amount of bonds of the United
Stares, coupon or jegistercd, as may by said holder be de-
sired, beating interest at the rate of seven per cent, per an-
num, payable peim-annually.and redeemable at the pleasure
of the United States after live years from the date thereof.
Mr. STEVENS. When I was about to offer
my substitute, thegentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Rice] asked me to accept his amendment,
and I said that I would accept it as a modification
of my proposition provided the words "payable
in coin" were stricken out. Those words were
.sine,ken out. The amendment was copied, but by
mistake the wrong copy was inserted.
There was no objection, and the correction was
ordered to be made.
Mr. DAWES. I have been absent for two or
three days on business of a committee authorized
by the Bouse to sit during its sessions, and I now
ask leave toiecord my vote in favor of the passage
of the Treasuiy note bill which was passed yes-
terday.
There was no objection, and it was sooidered.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
A bill (TI. R. No. 139) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Inteiior to strike from the pension rolls
the names of such persons as have taken up arms
against the Government, or who may have in any
manner encouraged the rebels; and
A hill (II. R. No. 150) makingappropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending30th June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
30th June, 18G2.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 93) for changing the
place for holding the September term of the dis-
trict court of the United States, in the district of
Maine, m which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending June
30, 18G3.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Ml. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I have re-
ceived from my native State of Massachusetts
the petition winch I hold in my hand, signed hy
Moses Williams and five hundred and six others,
" citizens of the United States," praying Con-
gress " to drop the negro question ana attend to
the business of the country," which I have been
