2690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
smy and lavish expenditures ofthe public money.
I deem thisan unnecessary appropriation of money
at this time, and I am, therefore, opposed to it.
I know very well that oar appropriations hereto-
fore for the District of Columbia have been mu-
nificent. There was a day when the Government
could afford to be munificent, but that day, sir,
unfortunately for us, has passed away. Whether
we will eve£ see it again or not is for the future
to determine. When that day shall again dawn
upon us, I may be willing to extend the same lib-
erality which we have heretofore extended to-
wards this District. But at tins time we are in no
condition to be liberal, and there does not exist
any obligation which will demand the appropri-
ation of $200,000 on our part for the purpose spe-
cified in this bill. I hope, therefore, that the good
sense of the House, as well as a consideration of
all the circumstances by which we are surrounded,
will induce the rejection of this bill without fur-
ther hesitation.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing the debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stratton reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly bill of the
House (No. 470) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior, in conjunction with the Mayors of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, to locate and contract for
the construction of a penitentiary, jail, and house
of correction in the District of Columbia, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on House bill No. 470, be closed within one
minute after its consideration was resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stratton in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated thequestion in order
to be the consideration of House bill No. 470,
being a bill to authorize the Secretary of the In-
terior, in conjunction with the Mayors of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, to locate and contract for
the construction of a penitentiary, jail, and house
of correction in the District of Columbia; and that
all debate on the subject had been closed by order
of the House within one minute.
Mr. CALVERT. 1 move to strike out that
part of the bill which imposes a tax upon the citi-
zens of this District.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order, pond-
ing the motion to strike out the enacting clause.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill; and it
was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stiiatton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according: to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, anil particularly
House bill No. 470, to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior, in conjunction with the Mayors of
Washington and Georgetown, to locate and con-
tract for the construction of a penitentiary, jail,
and house of correction in the District of Colum-
bia, and had directed him to report the same back
to the House, with the recommendation that the
enacting clause be stricken out.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the report of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
Mr, ASHLEY. What will be the effect of
striking out the enacting clause of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will kill the bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Bally, Baker, Bearaan, Biddle,
Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Burn-
ham, Calvert, Campbell, Chamberiin, Cobb, Colfax, Fred-
erick A-Conkling, Corniwr, Cravens, Davis, Dunlap, Dunn,
Edgerton. Ilaight, Hall, Hanchett, Harrison. Hohnan, Hoi-
ton, Hutching, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.'Kellogg. Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kerrigan, Killinger, Law, Loomis, Low,
McPherson, Mallory, Menzies,Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P.Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Noiton,
Peny, John S. Phelps, l?ike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John
H. Rice, Jame3 S. ltollins, Shanks, Shellabaiger, Slue),
William G. Steele, Stratton, Trimble, Trowbiidge, Verree,
Wadsworth, Walton, Washburne, Albert 53. White, Wil-
son, Windom, Woodruff, and Wright—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Francis P. Blair, George
H. Browne, Casey, Clements, Dawes,Dclano,Eliot, Fran-
chot, Frank, Goodwin, Grider, Leary, May, Maynard,
Odell, Alexander H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Sheffield. Sloan, Smith, John
B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Van
Horn, Van Vaikenburgh, Chilton A. White, and Wor-
cester—33.
So the enacting clause of the bill was stricken
out.
During the vote^
Mr. GRIDER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harding,was detained from the House by illness.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, made a similar
statement in reference to his colleague Mr. Price.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House struck out the enacting clause
of House bill No. 470; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a privi-
leged question. 1 am directed to submit a report
from the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses to House bill No.
413, making appropriations for the payment of
bounty, &c.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. It No.
413) making appiopiidtions Cot the payment of the bounty
authorized by the sixth section of an act entitled uAn act
to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enfor-
cing the laws and protecting public propeity," approved
July £-2, I86L, and lor other put pose =!, having mot, uUer lull
and free cojjfeionee, have agteed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their lespeettve Houses as follow*:
That the House leeeds; liom their disagreement to the
Senate's fitbt amendment, and agiee to the -.aine with an
amendment, as follows: In line two of s.iid amendment,
after the woid " employ,'' strike out the woitlv- twenty,"
and msott " fifteen 5" alter the won! " cln-s-," m the thud
line of said amendment, add the following woids: u and live
cletks of the second cla«sand in line live of haul amend-
ment stuke out the woid four,"' and inseit " five."
They further lecommend that the second paragraph of the
first section of the bill be amended as follows: Stuke out all
after the w nds " to wit,5' in the twentieth line, printed bill,
of said section down to and including the twenty-fifth line,
and insert the following. u First, to Ins father; or if he he
not living, or has abandoned the support of histannly, then
to the mother of such soldier; and if there be neither lather
nor mother, as aforesaid, then such bounty shall be paid to
the brothers and bisters of such deceased soldier icsident as
aforesaid."
That the House concur in the second amendment of the
Senate. J. S. MORRTLL,
THOMAS. M. EDWARDS,
JlTanagcr? on ihc pari of the House.
TIMOTHY O HOWE,
J. W. NHSMIT1I,
L. F. S. FOSTER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The report of the
committee of conference is easily explained. It
will bo recollected the House bill provided twenty
additional clerks for the Pension Office, divided into
the first, second, third, and fourth classes, and that
the Senate amendment proposed the employment
of the same number of additional clet ks, at a sal-
ary of $1,200 each. There was no gradation pi 0-
vided tor at all. After conference with the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Pensions, the committee were satisfied that some
of the higher grades would be useful, if not indis-
pensably nccessary. It requires a higher order of
legal ability and experience in order to pass upon
some of the claims which will be brought before
these clerks than can ordinarily be found among
the cleiks of the lowest grade, and, therefore, we
have provided for a small number of a higher grade.
In relation to the amendment appropuating
§2,000 for the custom-house at Milwaukee, 1 will
state that such a piovisiou is included in another
bill; therefore this amendment was unnecessary,
and the committee recommend that it be stucken
out.
The other action on the part of the committee
of conference is to suggest an amendment, which
was not properly before the committee. It re-
lates to a provision, a mistake, as we conceive,
made on the part of the House when this question
was up before, through inadvertence, whereby
the mother was placed in the order of succession
before the father. We have, therefore, felt at lib-
erty to provide for striking out all in the first sec-
tion between the lines twenty and twenty-five
inclusively, and in lieu thereof to insert, as the
order in which these bounties are to be given, the
following:
First, to his father; or if he be not living, or has aban-
doned the support his family, then to the mother of such
boldier; and if there be neither father nor mother, as afore-
said, then such bounty shall he paid to the brothers and sis-
ters of such deceased soldier resident as aforesaid.
If theprovision were allowed to remain as it went
to the committee of conference, it would render all
the applications and papers now in the Department
useless. It would have caused a delay in the busi-
ness of the Department until other papers could be
obtained. We have modified it so as to make it
agree with the present law in that respect, and with
another bill which has already passed the House.
It is only putting *' father" before " mother;" and
I may add that this proposition has the approval
of the gentleman from Indiana, upon whose motion
the original phraseology was inserted in the bill.
Mr. MORRIS. I desire to have the amendments
read again. I think there was a mistake in the
reading.
The amendments were accordingly read.
Mr. MORRIS. The amendment which I al-
luded to has now been read as I supposed it should
be, and as I supposed it was when the bill was
under consideration before. I offered the amend-
ment, commencing at the words " to wit," speci-
fying the persons to whom the bounty should be
paid. I wish to say, by way of explanation, that
I have been charged in some paper and by some
correspondents here with inserting in my amend-
ment that this bounty should not be paid to brothers
and sisters unless they were citizens of the Uni-
ted States. Such is not the case. But 1 think that
even the word" resident" might with propriety be
stricken out. This is a contract upon the part of
the Government with the soldieis, and whether
the heirs of deceased soldiers reside in the United
States or not makes no difference.
Mr. EDWARDS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote last taken; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. DELANO. I believe there is but a single
bill upon the Private Calendar relating to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and I therefore move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
The mtoion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
(Mr. Train in the chair.)
Mr. DELANO. 1 move that the committee
pass over all bills upon the Calendar preceding
tiie bill for the relief of J. W. Nye, and that the
committee take up that case for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill, which was read, provides that the Sec-
ictary of the Treasury be authorized and required
to pay unto J. W. Nye, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$1,454 84 for balance due for furnishing horses
and carryalls, and hauling boxes and other arti-
cles, for the use of the House of Representatives
for the Twenty-Eighth Congress, under a written
contract with the postmaster of the House of Rep-
resentatives, dated January 15,1B44, approved by
said House of Representatives; and that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be further authorized and
required to pay to J. W. Nye,out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $3,432 44, for balance duo for improve-
ments made on the Botanical Garden lot, and for
damages sustained by said J. W. Nye in being
deprived of the use and occupation of the lot ac-
cording to the terms and conditions contained in
