1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
vision for voluntary colonization contained in that
act, some place of refuge must, he provided for the
free African population of the United States, and
particularly of this District, Since the commence-
ment of this rebellion many signal and most im-
portant triumphs have been achieved by the na-
tional arms and m behalf of the national cause,
but among the most important victories achieved
so far in the history of this rebellion is the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia. It is a
victory which sickens our hearts with no terrible
recital of killed and wounded. It is a victory
which plants no thorns in the pillow of widow-
hood, which fills the eyes of no orphans with
tears, and the hearts of no mothers with anguish.
It is a bloodless triumph in behalf of truth and
principle and justice.
In claiming the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia as one of the most important
triumphs of the national cause, I would not by
any means disparage the triumph of your arms.
I know that the chivalric and patriotic sons of the
great Northwest and West arc now pouring their
victorious columns upon New Orleans with the
might and grandeur and power with which the
great father of waters sweeps his currents to the
ocean. Upon every battle-field in the great West
they have illustrated the prowess and bravery of
the citizen soldier of the United States. As an
American citizen, I am proud of your triumphs.
I recollect that Lieutenant Worden, but a few
short weeks ago, added one to the list of Amer-
ican heroes—
" One of the few, the immortal names,
That weie not born to die."
I have a peculiar pride in the victories of the
West, as a citizen of Indiana, for, upon every
single battle-field, her bravery and prowess have
contributed to your victory. Her blood has red-
dened every well-stricken field, and no standard
of hers has ever been captured by the enemy. I
draw no invidious distinctions between the great
States of the West. I recognize most freely the
patriotic devotion to the good cause in Kentucky;
the struggling bravery under the most adverse
circumstances of the patriotic people of Missouri;
and the State of Iowa, that first-born to freedom
under the Missouri compromise, in this struggle
has nobly vindicated and illustrated herpaternity.
So of the people of Minnesota and of Wiscon-
sin and of Michigan and of Illinois and of Ohio.
They have been equally brave, and their only
rivalry has been a generous emulation as to who
should most ardently love, and who should most
worthily serve, our common glorious country.
We have a common interest in these victories.
But great as they all are, they are not much gt eater,
in my estimation, than the moral triumph achieved
in the District of Columbia.
I have a just national pride in the achievements
of Commodore Footeand his invincible flotilla of
gunboats, who, upon an obscure bayou of the
Mississippi, have added the glory of another Sal-
amis to the world's history. But these triumphs,
great as they are, are but little more important m
their results than the achievement to the national
cause biought about by the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia. I have said that that
victory was accompanied by no bloodshed and no
mourning, no regrets, save the regrets that the
rebels and their sympathizers may entertain.
Gentlemen talk of the effect of the abolition of
slavery upon the border States. So far as I am
concerned, there is no terror in that cry. For the
last twenty years I have never seen an hour or a
moment that I would not have given the same
vote. Sixteen years ago I took the same ground
in the State of Indiana, and two years ago I was
tried upon the record. My letter was read in favor
of tiie abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia in the canvass of 1860. I was tried upon
the record, and the verdict was a majority of ten
thousand.
I have no fears in reference to the resultof that
vote, and I believe it cannot operate injuriously;
but if we wish to make that wise and beneficent
measure effective, we must carry out the prayer
of these memoi uilists, and piovide a place where
they may be colonized, and colonized voluntauly,
for a forced emigration or compulsory coloniza-
tion will result m no good. You must have will-
ing hearts and strong arms to work out for these
free colored people their destiny wherever you
may place them. I would not sanction a compul-
sory colonization, and surely not at this time.
This beneficent measure, I doubt not, will be car-
ried out, and in order that it may be effectual, the
prayer of these petitioners must be listened to. If
not at present, at least at some time not remote,
their prayer must be answered by the Congress
of the United States. This memorial is very brief,
and drawn in apt terms, and in language the most
respectful and courteous to Congress and to the
people; and at the request of the person who in-
trusted it to me, and in his behalf and in behalf of
the memorialists, I ask that it may be read at the
desk and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The Secretary read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amerkain Congress assembled:
The undesigned, i'oi themselves, then relatives, nnd
friends*, whom they repie^ent, deMie, by this memorial,
most le^pectlully to show to the* Cougie^s and people of this
groat count!}—of which, too, they ate native**,, hut humbly
born—thatthev appteciaie, to theiulle>t extent, the humane
actions which aie now inaugurated to give freedom to their
so long oppressed colored race; but they believe that tins
freedom will re.Miltinjuriously, unless there shall be opened
to coloied people a region to which they may emigrate—
a country which is suited to their oiganization, and in which
they may seek and secuic, bytheirown industry, that men-
tal and physical development which will allow them an hon-
orable position in the tamilica of God's gieat world.
That theie is ignorance in the mass of the colored race
is not to be denied; tins if- caused by the peculiar condition
in which they have been raised—without the advantages of
general education so widely and freely accotded to the white
citizens. Jiut there aie those among them who have se-
cured tiie blessings of knowledge, and who aie capable of
infouiKiig theii biKhien of what is for their ultimate good,
a? the leaders of the Pilgrim Fathers informed those who
came with them to plant civil and religious libeity upon
this continent.
To these we are indebted for the knowledge that Libe-
lia is too distant from tiie land of our both, and that how-
ever kindly and widely the original plan* of colonization
may have been laid loi that countiy, neither those plans,
nor that legion are suited to oui present condition, ami that
it will be impossible for us ever to move theie in fcutficient
nutnbeisto secutelor us the lull liberties of the human
ra< c, the elements* <>f which we have learned here.
Ftom them, too, we have learned the deep degradation
and vwetehedness in wlneh our leiatives weie ^unk who
we e induced by health's? speculators to emigiate to Ha>ti.
Slaverj, if it must be boni<-, is moie endurable under a
lace we have long been taught to look up to and regard as
supeiioi. than under oik; ongmating in Africa, degraded bv
abject .-iavety under Spanish and French gieed, and htill
fmiiiei banalized by umestiained and licentious liberty,
such a^ CMs-ts with tfio.se who hold the power to contiol the
pooi immigiant in liayti, oreithei of the Afiico-West India
Island:-.
Of our own will we cannot go either to Liberia or these
islands We have, in the United States, been taught to
veneiate vn tue, to atnvc to attain it, and we can, with hum-
hie pride, point to as wide-tpiead examples of the benefit
of these teachings as can any similar nmnbei of men, with
no greater advantages than ourselves. Therefore we wish
to s-hun tlicountries where the opposite of vii t ue i nle«,
whetc vice icigiis stipienie, where our veiy blood would be
lequiied if we opposed its indulgence.
Though coloicd, and debaried from the lights of citi-
zenships our heaits none the ie«s cling to the land of our
buth. \Ve do not wish to hednvcn beyond the ocean,
wheie old hands ot kindliest, cannot leach wheiewe
cannot hearii oni iho-c with whom we have grown np, with
all the lond leinemhiauer.s of childhood.
We now numb'M a« many souls as won the freedom of
yotn *ttes iiom Butish jule. We may not now be aseapa
hie 10 govern ourselves u* they weie, but we will, with
j out aid, be jh zealous, and with God's blessing, we will be
a« successful.
Theie i-> a land—pari of this your own continent—to
which we wish to go. H is that portion generally called
Central Ameiica; theie aie land* there without inhabitants,
vet bearing spontaneously all that ^ suited to our lace.
Aid us to get there, protect us for a short while, and
we will piove ourselves woithv and giateful. The labor
which, iu servitude, has laised cotton, sugar, and tobacco,
will do the same, not in the blood of bondage, but in the
fiee spirit oi liberty,and with the exultant knowledge that
it is to be pait of your commeice, and to be given m ex-
change foi the productions ofom old native land.
If we aie regarded a< an evil here, (and we may become
so by our competing with your white laboi while here lor
the necessities of existence*,) send us wneie, instead ol being
an i-vil, we niav be made a blessing, b\ increasing the value
of that white labor, while at the'same time we offer to it
greater coinfoits m reducing the costs in pioducing, by our
own labor, those articles in abundance which all require for
health and sustenance.
Do not, we beseech you, lecogtu/.e and build up for-
eign natioiH ot the black race, who have no svmpathy in
thought or language with that racc winch has grown up with
j on, and who only seek by such recognition, shaped, as it
js? by Euiopean diplomacy,to sowdiscord and trouble with
u-' here, that jou and ouiselves may be involved in a com-
mon rum.
Send u«—our pt aycr is, send us—to that country we have
indicated, that we may not be wholly excluded fioin jou,
that \\« niav aid in bunging to you that great commerce
ot the Pacific, which will still further increase the wealth
ami power of your country; and your petitioners will ever
pi ay.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS AN© MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented two
petitions of citizens ofthe city ofNew York, pray-
ing for the passage of a general bankrupt law;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying for the passage of a bill for the con-
struction of a ship canal between Lake Michigan
and the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of relief to James G.
Ladd,mail contractor on route No. 13025 in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial ofthe Legislature
of the same State, in favor of the establishmentof
a mail route from Monches, in Waukesha county,
to Hartford, in Washington county; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of the same State, asking a donation of land to
construct a military road fiom some point on the
Mississippi or Lake St. Croix, in that State, be-
tween towns twenty-five and thirty-one, to Supe-
rior City, in Douglas county; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying for the passage of a bill pro-
viding for the construction of a ship canal between
Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river; which
were refened to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition ofcitizcns
of Lyons, Ionia county, Michigan, praying for
the passage of a bill providing for the construc-
tion of a ship canal between Lake Michigan and
the Mississippi river: which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Jack-
son, Michigan, praying for the passage of a uni-
form bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of Mon-
roe, Michigan, remonstrating against the passage
of the tax bill now before Congress, and against
the issue of any more bonds bearing interest; and
praying that Treasury notes be issued for the full
amount of our unfunded debt; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of J. W. Raymond
and others, citizens of Michigan, praying for an
appropriation of public lands for the benefit of the
mining school located at Houghton, in the county
of Houghton, State of Michigan; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLARK presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, praying for the adoption of the
principles of taxation suggested in a letter from
E. B. Bigelow, addressed to Hon. Thaddeus
Stevens, entitled " Internal taxation simplified;"
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented five memorials
fi om the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the
establishment and discontinuance of mail routes
m thatState; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I also desire to present the
joint resolution of the Legislature of Wisconsin
tendering to the President of the United States
their approval of his course, a resolution which
was adopted, I believe almost without exception,
unanimously by the Legislature of Wisconsin. I
ask to have it read and printed.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A joint resolution tendering to the President of the United
States appioval for Ins course
Resolvedly the Assembly, (the Senate concurring.) That
we tender to the 1'iesident of the United States our un-
qualified approval of the manner in w Inch he has admin-
istered the Government from las inaugmauon to the piesent
time—a period ol difficulties, danger?., and vast and delicate
responsibilities without a parallel in the history of the na-
tion ; and that, as Wi&cousin has given hnn her promptsup-
port and her unlimited confidence m the past, so tor the
future, having undiminished faith m his ability, integrity,
arid patuotism, we pledge hnn oui continued compilation
and that of our Slate in all buch moa^-me^as he shall deem
just and proper for the accomplishment of the great under-
taking of his Admmistiation—the restoration ot the author-
ity oi the Constitution and the supremacy of the laws of
the United States m eveiy State and Territory Where they
have been assailed or questioned.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to trans-
mit a copy of these resolutions to the President of the Uni-
