1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
A great body of its stock is held at this time by
European capitalists. And yet the Government
has thought proper, after this House had adopted
a resolution calling upon the Department for in-
formation upon this subject, to make this pay-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. "What does the gentleman
desire?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN". I have but a few words morn
to say, and then the gentleman can have the floor.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to make an inquiry of the
gentleman. I see by the joint resolution it is pro-
posed that the Secretary of War shall adjust the
claims of these roads for transportation, accord-
ing to the rates of compensation iixed for trans-
portation by the Secretary of War on the 12th
day of July, 1861. Arc those the rates of trans-
portation which the gentleman alludes to as being
exorbitant ?
Mr. HOLMAN. They are. I do not hesitate
to say that they are excessively exorbitant—far
beyond the price which private parties pay for
similar transportation.
Mr. OLIN. Then I propose to modify the
resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. We first propose to limit the
Secretary of War to the actual cost of transporta-
tion; and if, in consequence of the peculiar con-
dition of those roads, transporting as they do only
for the Government, they cannot transport the
troops and munitionsof warforless thnn the prices
mentioned in this schedule, then it may be better
for the Government to pay that than to take pos-
session of the roads,and run with the usual extrav-
agance of Government enterprise.
Mr. OLIN. 1 think, Mr. Speaker, that the
state of things in Missouri imperatively calls for
the Government to do something by way of re-
pairing these roads, so as to put them m practical
operation; and the difficulty in my mind is how
to adjust the terms of this bill so that the Govern-
ment may be protected, and the exigencies of the
service lie promoted in the use of these roads. It
is true that when these railroad grants were made
they were made upon the conditions stated by the
Sentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman:] that the
iovernmcnt, m time of war. should have the use
of those roads for the transportation of its troops
and munitions of war free of charge.
Mr. STEVENS. I have been hunting for this
bill, but have not been able to find it.
Mr. HOLMAN. ft has not been printed.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope this resolution will
not be acted upon without its being printed. No
one knows anything about, it. I surest that the
matter be postponed, and the resolution printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why, sir, at the instance of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania himself, this
bill was postponed Horn time to tunc,very much
against the interest of those affected by it; and if
gentlemen wanted the resolution printed, they
could have had it done by order of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone this
matter, for the purpose of having the resolution
printed.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman has not the floor
now to do that. I was about to observe that the
whole provisions of this resolution are embraced
in a nutshell, and if the gentleman will listen for
a moment he will see the whole extent of it. It
is simply this: whether the Government, beieg
under no legal obligation to pay for the transpor-
tation of troops and munitions of war over those
railroads in Missouri, shall voluntarily assume to
pay the expense of that transportation, owing
to the present exigency of affairs in Missouri?
Every gentleman ni tins House, 1 piesumi, knows
what that exigency is.
Now, it was undoubtedly contemplated that the
Government should ha\e the use of these roads
in time of wai lot the, ti auspoi latum of its sup-
plies and troops, but everybody v,ho knows (lie
condition of things which now exists in Missouri
knows that we not only require the use of rho-'o
roads, but thattheGovernmeet, with all its power,
cannot prevent the destruction of thuse roads and
the bridges upon them, from time to time. In
consequence of that want of powur, these two
roads have been, from time to Lime, subjected to
cnoimous expense by way of attempting to re-
pair the damages occasioned by the public enemy.
And those damages have been so excessive, that,
as I understand, the question results simply in
this: whether the companies shail abandon the
roads entirely to the Government,-and let the Gov-
ernment attempt to run and repair those roads ac-
cording to its exigencies, or whether the Govern-
ment shall lend its aid, in some way, by paying
for the whole or a poition of the transportation
over those roads, and thus enable those compa-
nies to keep these roads in a condition to subserve
the public interest?
The objection, it will be perceived, to this res-
olution, if there be any, arises from not limiting,
in some way, the possible expenditure which may
be incurred or assumed by the Government by
adopting this mode of adjusting the claim they
are supposed to have against the Government.
Doubtless the public exigency requires that some-
thing should be done, and that speedily. Other-
wise, I should be in favor of the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to
refer this matter back, have the resolution printed,
and perhaps insert in it a provision which will, to
some extent, guard the Government as to the pos-
sible limit of expense which should be incurred
under this joint resolution.
I am, for myself, in favor of the Government
granting relief to these companies so far as to put
these roads m a condition to be practicably used
by the Government. I think with the gentleman
fiom Illinois, that it is not only a matter of econ-
omy, but that it is a matter of public necessity to
do that much. The objection to the resolution is,
that it does notseem to limitanypossiblcexpend-
iture which may be made under the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman, I will offer an amendment to the res-
olution, not from the committee, but upon my
individual responsibility.
Mr. OLIN. I will hear it read as a part of my
speech.
The amendment, which was read, is to insert
the following words:
Which adjustment and liquidation shall preclude any
furthei claim on behalf of such companies against th<J Gov-
ernment on account of claims lor compensation or damages
piovioizsly accrued: Jind provided further,TU;n\h(l Sueie-
tury of War may m hi? discretion withhold from lime to
time such portion of the moneys which may be due to either
oi said railroad companies to indemnify the Government
against any fail me of such company to piomptly tum-poit
such troops and supplies. But nothing heiein shall lie so
con-tiued as to prevent the Seeietaiy ot War from taking
possesion oi said raiitoads and their appmteuances, and
applying tln> t-ame to the exelu^ive u-o ot the Government,
whenever, in hi- jud<rmeni,the public interests ma> requne
it, without, m f-ueh ea>e, compensation to said companies.
Mr. IIOLMA V 1 desire to say that I offer
the amendment not as coming from the committee
winch reported this lesolution. I ultimately pro-
pose to call the previous question upon theamend-
ment, so that other amendments might be offered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want to know
if the gentleman proposes to call the previous
question 5 1 desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. OLIN. I propose to* deliver this matter
info the hands of my fiioud from Illinois, [Mr.
j10j,mant.]
Mr. HOLMAN. J propose to call the previous
question upon the adoption of the amendment;
not upon the final passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. OLIN. I was about, to observe further that
the resolution, as reported, provides that the See-
retaiy of Wai shall pay the cost of transporta-
tion—the cost of tin transportation already had
over the roads and such as may become necessary
foi the Government m the prosecution of the war
in future I should be better pleased with the res-
olution if it were so modified as to leave it to the
Secretary of War to pay such a sum as is just
and equitable, as between the road and the Gov-
ernment, not exceeding the cost of transportation;
and then, with the limitation that has been sug-
gested, I should be in favor of the resolution. The
nioviso whu h is sugg<sted i.s important m this
respect. The resolution proposes that the Gov-
ernment shall pay to the loads the expanses of
all tljo transportation of Us supplies and troops
that has already been made. Without this pro-
viso the companies might receive pay for the trans-
portation that has already taken place, and stop
any further operation of their roads or any repairs
of the road'i, and deliver them up to the Govern-
ment to use them if it chooses. This proviso
should, theiefoie, be attached tu the lesolution,
so that there may be some security that the com-
panies will, at least, use the money so as to put
the roads in practical running operation for the
future use of the Government, without the pro-
viso there is no security that the companies would
not receive the money and then abandon the roads
for the time being to the use of the Government
without putting them m repair. I therefore deem
the proviso a necessary guarantee that the com-
panies will use this money to put the roads in order,
or that the Secretary shall withhold any payments
until they do put them in order, leaving the Sec-
retary some control and supervision over these
two companies which will guaranty a perform-
ance on their part in good faith of the obligations
they are under to the Government.
* Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
the joint resolution, by inserting "the Illinois
Central railroad," after the railroads indicated in
the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment al-
ready pending, and until that is disposed of, an-
other amendment is not m order. An amendment
to the amendment would be in order.
Mr. FOUKE. I suggest to my colleague that
he add the words " and its branches."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move, then, to
amend the amendment by adding to it this proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of tins resolution shall ap-
ply to the Illinois Ccntial railroad and its blanches.
I believe that is in order. I do not propose to
enter into any discussion*, I only desire to say that
all the reasons—perhaps not in the full degree, but
in a degree—that have been assigned m behalf of
the Missouri roads apply, as I think I can dem-
onstrate at the proper time, to the Illinois Central
railroad and iis branches.
Mr. PRICE. I hope this amendment will not
prevail. I am also opposed to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.] I think there are sufficient restrictions
thrown around the proposition to pay these two
roads in Missouri in the joint resolution as re-
ported by the committee.
Now, sir, those two roads in Missouri stand in
a very different position from the Illinois Central
railroad. We are in a state of rebellion in Mis-
souri, and tiie cost of running the roads there is,
of course, much heavier than the cost of running
a road where* no rebellion exists, and where there
is no enemy.
The resolution reported by the committcc pro-
vides that these accounts shall be adjusted by the
Secretary of War, and that he shall be allowed to
pay a reasonable price—as near as may be the
cost of running the roads. I presume that the gen-
tleman does not expect to have the yrork already
done and the work hereafter to be done by the
roads for the Government done for less than the
cost; and the joint resolution as reported contains
ample proMszon that it shall be done as near as
possible at the cost of transportation. If the Gov-
ernment were to take possession of these roads
they could not expect to run them for less than
tin; cost.
Gentlemen must remember that we have suf-
fered a great deal of loss already on these two lines
of railroad by the burning of our bridges, the de-
struction of our tracks, and injury to the property
generally by the rebels of Missouri; and all these
j losses have been paid for by the companies. The
Guvemmcnthave contributed nothing. The dam-
ages done have already been repaired and paid for,
and when you consider the price allowed by the
War Department, it does not more than cover the
cost of running our roads. If you take into con-
sideration the cost of the repairs of the damages
done these two roads, I venture to say it will not
cover the cost lor work already done.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
; tleman whether he is aware of the amount ex-
pended by the two roads—the Hannibal and St.
Joseph and the Pacific railroad—in the repairs
rendered necessary by the injuries inflicted by the
public enemy; and what has been the extent of
the transportation over the^e roads beyond the
liunspmration done by the Government? _
Mr. PRICE. I am not prepared to give the
exact amount: but I can state,tor the information
! of the House, that two of the principal bridges
; upon the Pacific railroad have been burned—the
i O-uio'e and Gasconade—and five other smaller
! budges. The third largest bridge upon the road has
i been entiiely destroyed, and throe otner budges
