1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a certain lease from the President of the United
States to said J. W. Nyc; and that the Secretary
of the Treasury be directed and required, on pay-
ment of tho sums before named, to take receipts
from said J. W, Nye, in full satisfaction of ail
claims for services or damages arising from the
said contracts.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee fot the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. W. Nye, submit the follow-
ing report:
That there are three distinct claim® presented against the
Government by this claimant, which will be described in
the order in which they appear to have originated. These
claims have been s.o Ions before Congress, and have been
so Irequently and thoroughly examined and repoitcd upon
by our predecessor, that it is not deemed necessary to en-
ter into a minute examination of all the items of each, but
simply to state the general principles and evidence upon
which they arc founded.
In 1832 contracts wore entered into by the Commissioner
of Public Building*, by virtue of an act of Congress, with
Peter JBaigev, jr., and Hugh Stewart, for macadamizing
I'eun-ylvania avenue, and the contractor* entered vigoi-
ouily upon then work, as they were limited to a ecrtain
period foi the completion of the same. In.i veiy short tune
after commencing operations the Asiatic cholera broke out
tn Washington, and raged to Mich an extent as to alarm
and drive ofi many of the laborers engaged oh the woik.
Under these cucum&tances the contractor applied to the
Commissioner to be allowed to suspend the work until this
scourge should tubside.
Tiie Commissioner not only refused this reasonable re-
qu'^r. but he went much fuither and interfered with the
lights of the contractors by employing a physician to go
among the laborers to advise them not to pet form the u^ual
amount oflabor required of them. In consequenec of this
advice, it is pioved by Mr. Foid that the contractor wore
compelled to neaily double the amount of wages paid the
men , at a time when they were not obtaining mote than
half tho amount of labor from them.
Aftei several favorable reports of committees of both
Houses of Congress on this claim, it was submitted, in 1841,
to the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, arid
elicited a very able report from Mr. Leonard, of that com-
mittee, which, after icviewing the whole case, adopted the
pntieiple that the contractor weie equitably entitled to a
lull allowance of all that they h.id lost bv the refusal of the
Commissioner to allow them to suspend tin; work during
the pievalence of the eholeia, and Ins fuither intei ference
wuli the laboi of the men. Tins repoit has been luithei-
moie sustained by that of Mi Cobb, in 1814, frem a select
committee appointed to investigate the same claim, and
again, hi by the icpoi t of Mr. E. Joy Mollis, fiom tiie
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. Nve was a sub-contractor under Bargey & Stewart,
and biought suit against tho>e paities to recover the large
amount ot their indebtedness to him; but at the instance of
sevcial members of Congress who had investigated their
claim, he was induced to release them and take their as-
signment of this claim in full satisfaction of the debt due
him. Your coinmittce would lefer particulai ly to the le-
poir marie in the Senate by Mi Ilubbaul, in 1838, and to
that o[ Mi Mallory in the House, m the same year, and to
tiio*e of Mr. Leonaid. in the House, in 1841, and Mr. Mor-
ii*3 m the House, m the year 1S5B, and lecoinmend the pas-
sage of the bill introduced by the* latter, heiewith inclosed.
The second claim of J. VV. Nye tor damage* and losses
su<t.lined by being deprived of a lease, i* founded on a lease
obtained m 1843 from the Piesident of the United States for
acei tain piece ofgiound, being tiie lot on which the Botanic
Garden is located.
The conditions of this contract rcquiied a very heavy out-
lay in mTikiri? eeitam improvements*, winch were not com-
pleted until tlnecyeais of his lease had cxpned. Theterms
weie fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Commis-
mowi under whom the contract was made; butmone\ear
at'tei the completion of these imptovenienUa new Commis-
sioner wa- appointed, by whom Mi. N> e was foieibh ejected
front the piemi^e*. His crops weie harvested ami sold ioi
the benefit of the United States, and by the^e illegal acts ot
a Government official he was depi ived' of his ptoperty, and I
the profits au*iug noin it, foi sit out of the *evon jeais that j
it would have been pioductive. I
To substantiate this claim, Mr. Nve produces a ceitified !
copy of the lease, executed by John T\Iei, Piesident of ihe i
United States, in 1843, with nn indorsement made by tho
same party in 1So5, deelninnr that the act of the Commis-
sionei in dispossessing Mr. Nj e wa? m defiance of law and
jn-tice. In making thc^e impiovcments. Mi. Nyc never
supposed for a moment that he could have an) future chum
a<ra.nst the Government for the costtheiooi,ashecou)d not
foic^ee any sue!) injustice as a foicible ejection fiom the
piemiscs befoie the tejuiination of In* lease, when the ptop-
eitv icvested back to the (ioveinment. with the impiove-
menr*, and, thcielore.he nevei kept a stuct account of the
cost ihoiool.
In the Thirfv-Fomth Congress, a biii parsed the Tlou^e
of licpie^entatives awardim; him ^3.^00 on account oi this
chum, being a liquidation oe so much of the cost of these
impiovement* a> lie had vouehets to sustain ; but when it
WU- taken up in the Senate, it \\ as insisted that these im-
provements lequued fuither investigation, and a sworn
luciisuier was ompJojed lo make a icpoit on the value of
tlie same. Tin -1 -tmnttc. which is made a paitof Mr. N) e's
niemoiud, show* that tlie-e impiovements weie wmth
.^7.9?7 Si. As it wa* late in the sc-^ion when thi* icport
of <!ie iiKasuiei was iceeived, it was leaicd, if the Senate
thould amei'd the bill bv puuing in the full amount thu-s
found to be ju-tlydue Mi. N\e, it could not become a law
at that session, and therefore Mi. N_\<; wa* advised to fake
the lull as it stood, and make another application the next
session for ihe lesiduc. Each succeeding Congiess has
ioeogn:zed hi0 light fo the balance of tins claim by leport-
ing bills for \n< iHief, but ar so late a penod of the session
that they have failed to become iaw^.
2691
Your committee, therefore, make the following state-
ment of his account, and recommend the passage of the ac-
companying bill for his lelief:
The United States to J. W. Nye, Dr.
To value of improvements by repoit of svvoin
measurer  §7,982 84
Or.—By use of ground for one seventh of time
the was entitled to same after making
the improvement §1.140 40
By cash from sale ot materials. 210 00
By each received . 3,200 00
  43550 40
To balance due J. W. Nye 
$3,432 44
A contiact was entered into on the 15th of January, 1844
between John M. Johnson, Esq., (postmaster of the House
of Representatives.) and Mr. J. W. Nye, which received
the unanimous nppiovaf of the Committee of Accounts. Jt
is stipulated in that contract that the said Nye should fur-
nish " three horses and three one-horse carnages for tiie
use of the House of Representatives for the temamder of
the Twenty-Eighth Congiess, and hauling all the boxes and
other articles for the use of the House ot Representatives
for the j <'maindor of the Twenty-Eighth Congress, and to
pay unto the said party of the second pait $1 73 per day for
the u*e of each horse and cauiagc, or the same paid theie-
for during the Twenty-Seventh Congiess; also the same
prices for the boxes and other aiticlcs a* were paid (or the
same during the last Con<ries*."
It is proved by the affidavit of Mr. Hill, assistant po--t-
mastei of the House, (taken before the CoinmitUe of Ac-
counts of tho Twenty-Emhth Congress,) that Mi. Nve
enteied faithfully on tiie work, and both he and his son len'd-
oied very valuable assistance to the office, giatuitouslv, out-
side of hi« contract; u that he never heaid any complaint
fiom Mi. Johnson,or any of his messengers, of Mr Nye or
any ol the propcity until Mi. Nye complained of the abusive
and destructive manner m which his pioperty was u«ed.
Mr. Nye frequently complained to Mi. Johnson of the abus-
ive and destructive manner in which they were using his
property, both veibally and in writing; to any of which, as
tar as I have any knowledge, Mr. Johnson never paid the
least attention ; always found Mr Nye veiy kind and ac-
commodating j n rendering us any assistance, mm king boxes,
oi an>thing we might want of him; always found ii horse
and cart at the stables and a person icady to dnve when-
evei wanted to do the hauling. Until the'chaiim.m of Ac-
counts called on Mr. Johnson and informed him that the
hauling belonged to Mi. Nye. and he must have it, Mr.
Johnson piefened to lot John Lee do it; heard Johnson ^av
he would take the eomiaet fiom Nye if lie could; thatN\e
should have nothing to do about the' Capitol if he could pfc-
VI nt it."'
Hon Geoige B. Rodney, of Ihe House of Representatives,
proves that the Committee of Accounts examined the con-'
dition of Mr. Nye's hoi-es and ca,nyalls, and pronounced
them sufficiently good for the suivice.
Jt is proved by the affidavits of a number of respectable
witnesses, bciore the Committee of Accounts, that Mr. Nyc
suffered gteat loss fiom the neglect of Mi. Johnson to em-
ploy proper persons a* messengers; that lu< horses were
killed and Ins can} all- and harness destroyed by the neg-
lect and caielcssness of the irie*scngers employed by Mr.
Johnson.
The repoit of B. 1?. French, Esq., shows that during the
years 1844 and 1815 there was paid to otheis than J" W.
N>e the amount due foi nine hundred and fiity-eightdays'
us'e ot eauvail and horse, which at the contract pi ice of
£1 70, am -ellis to$1,62$ (5-3, and that there was also paid to
other panic tor hauling boxes and other articles, the sum
of#35J 21, which, with the $1,628 00 previously mentioned,
make* the gioss sum of $1.9*9 81, all of which righti ully
belonged to the claimant, J. U\ Nye, under Ins contract.
Fiom all the evidence it is per/ec11v cleai that J W.Nye
complied with his poition of the contiact, and that he suf-
fered meat loss and injuiy fiom the failure of an ollicer of
the Government to pioiect him in hi* just n ht<. It wasas
much the dut) of Mr. Johnson, under that contiact, to see
that the pioperfy of Mr. Nyc was not unnecessarily abused
or injured as it was the duty of Mr. Nye to furnish the ptop-
citv, and his ne<r!ect todoso. and his employmentof others
to do th<* work thai Nye was leady and willing to do, in vio-
lation of the contiac! made with Nye, imposes not only an
equitable, but a legal obligation on the Government to pay
ibis sum of $1,979 84, k'-.s$f;25nhcady paid. This sum only
includes the amount which should have been received by J
Mi. Nve undet hi* contiact, but v\inch was paid to othei ;
pai ties', and does not cmb: ace a just claim which he has foi 1
damages on account of the wanton destiuetion of his piop- |
eity foi at least as much moic. In consequence of not re- !
ceiving the amount oi hi* claim in 1845, when it became due, j
Mi Nye's pioperty was all ses/,ed foi debt and sold at a mm- ;
ous sa'cnfice, as Miown bv the evidence of Mi. Ktmmele. j
Your committee would therefore, for the forc*goin« lea- j
*ons, lecomm.oiid the passage of the accompanying bills. ;
Mr. CALVEUT. It has been icniajked that ;
this is an old claim. That is true, and it is also ]
true that here la an old man on the brink of the ;
grave who has been suffeung for twenty years for !
want of what the Government ow  a him, and vv ho I
has lost all his family m consequence of the Gov-
ernment withholding from him his just dues, for i
want of means to Iced them. j
This very session the Senate have passed a bill ,
awarding to Nye, for the claims set fortli m the t
first part of this, £>;),043 94. , !
They awaided him damages for the destruction j
of his property, wheieas the committee of this j
House have awaided him only the amount to
which he is cleaily entitled under the contract li
with the postmaster of the House, and which was \\
violated by that postmaster, as shown by the I'
deputy postmaster himself. The committcc- re-
commend that Mr. Nye be awarded for that por-
tion of his claim $1,454 84. All I have to say in
relation to the difference between the amount
contained in the Senate bill and in this is, that I
suppose the Senate committee did not examine
the case as strictly as we did. I employed myself
four days in examining; the voluminous docu-
ments in this case.
A bill for the relief of Mr. Nye has passed one
or the other of the two Houses several times, and
the old gentleman has received driblets occasion-
ally, winch have all been deducted from what was
due him, leaving the balance due him of $1,454 84
on this claim.
The second claim of Nye grows out of a lease
to him by PresidentTylerof the lot on which the
Botantc Garden now stands. It was the old bed
of the Tiber. Those who knew Washington
twenty years ago will remember that there was an
immense cavity in the middle of that lot. He un-
dertook to fill up the lot, inclose it, and erect a
stable on it, with the understanding*, as shown by
the lease from the President of the United States,
that he was to have it for ten years. As soon as
he had put the improvements upon it, a new Com-
missioner, who was appointed, knocked down his
fences, took possession of the lot, and deprived
him of the possession ofit. lie came to Congress
for compensation, and this House passed a bill for
his relief. The bill went to tho Senate, but the
Senate were not satisfied with the amount. They
required sworn appraisers and measurers to go
and estimate the damages. We then awarded an
additional sum to Mr. Nye to the extent of the
j report of that sworn commission, thinking it was
I justly his due. The Senate passed the bill at that
| time for a portion of the amount, because he said
j that if it came back to the House he should not
1 get any part of it that session.
j' Mr. P. A. CONKLING. What amount, in all,
! bus Mr. Nyo received on account of this claim?
Mr. CALVERT. I really cannot say now, as
it is some time since I have looked at the papers.
I think the Government is indebted to Nye more
than we have awarded to him; and we have
awarded him nothing which has heretofore been
paid to him.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desiie to ask the gentleman
from Maryland a question in relation to the claim
for damages resulting from losses on the botani-
cal lot. He says that a bill passed the Senate ulti-
mately making a partial appropriation for this same
claim, i desire to know if that bill did not cover
this same subject-matter?
Mr. CALVERT. It covered the same subject-
matter. The bill oiiginated in this House. It
passed the House, and went to the Senate. The
Senate were not satisfied with the amount of the
appropriation, and required an investigation into
the matter, and I think the appraisers estimated
the damages to Mr. Nye at over seven thousand
dollars, instead of $3,000 which the bill from the
House allowed him. He only got $3,000, and
this bill is to pay him the balance.
Mr. HOLM AN. Why did the bill which passed
appropriate $3,000?
Mr. CALVERT. The report will show. I
! really cannot tell.
i Mr. WASI-IJ3URNE. The gentleman from
: Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] "has said that this is
I an old acquaintance. It is, sir. I recollect the
! claim I believe it has been here ever since I have
' been in Congress, but it is due to justice to say
1 that it has been reported on favorably by every
: committee that has examined it. It has been lost,
! as thousands of other claims have been lost, by
. bemg referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
j where it was never icuched.
I Mr. HOLMAN. But this claim has actually
| been acted on by Congress, and $3,000 has boon
I appropriated and received by the claimant. That
i bill covered, not the same amount, but the same
i subject-matter. Now, the question which strikes
i my mind is whether there is e\cr to be a final ad-
i justment of tin se claims.
Mr. WASH BURNE. The gentleman may be
moie fresh tn ins lecoiiection of this matter tlfan
I am. I have no recollection of any hill having
passed giving this claimant anything. But I will
say to the gentleman, that I see by one of the sec-
tions of this bill, that it provides that he shall re-
ceive the amount in full of any claims which he
may have.
