1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
Either was authorized to act in absence of the
other. On the 4th day of May, Governor Mor-
gan delegated his portion of the power to George
D. Morgan. On the 24th the Secretary wrote:
" I sent you yesterday an official paper to act in connec-
tion with Governor Hlorgan by land, through Maryland and
Pennsylvania; it is important you should act promptly in
sending supplies. S. CAMERON.
" Dr. Cummings."
This is the first time he i*ecognized his friend as
doctor. Thus armed, the doctor seemed supreme
in his orbit; instead of rendering aid and assist-
ance, he effectually superseded the Army officers.
Major Eaton distinctly informed him that his services
were not needed in the purchase of supplies. Still,
the doctor commenced buying over §21,000 worth !
of straw hats and linen pantaloons, which were j
worthless to the Army, and not required by the (
regulations. He employed a clerk of whom he |
knew nothing—had never seen before. In his
evidence, at first he did not know who recom-
mended him; then he thought he was recom-
mended by Mr. Thurlow Weed; finally said, "I
remember now that Mr. Weed told me he knew
all about him, and upon his recommendation I
took him." This clerk tho doctor suffered to do
all the business and make all the purchases,except
what were made by George D. Morgan.
It is but justice to an influential and widcly-
circulatcd paper in the city of New York to say,
that since the World has united with the Courier
and Enquirer, Mr. Cummings has had no con-
nection with it as editor or publisher.
The doctor next appoints Captain Comstock to
charter or puichase vessels. The Captain, with
a friend, goes to Brooklyn, inspects the Cataline,
and learns that her price is from eighteen to twen ty
thousand dollars. Instead of purchasing or char-
tering, or recommending the doctor to do so, from
the owner, his friend suggests to Mr. Develin that
there " is a nice opportunity to make something
by good management
This was the 23d day of April, the very day the
propeller Daylight left New Yoik with-supplies
for the seventh regiment and two hundred leciuits
of the brave and generous young men of that city.
The Daylight left without convoy, passed up the
Potomac without convoy, and reached Washing-
ton safely. I never can forget that 23d day of
April and the trip of the Daylight, or of that gal-
lant band who were leaving all the endearments
of home and associations of friends to encounter
the perils of disease and battle. I never can for-
get the universal disquietude in the great city of :
the Continent. No mails. No telegraph. Adiead- |
ful, solemn suspense. Brave men. good men, fear- !
ing, doubting, yet hoping. Actuated by one im- j
pulse, ready to give all, even life, for the defense I
of tho capital Washington founded, and the flag ;
the patriots of the Revolution baptised in blood, j
No one could ha\e behoved that at such a mo-
ment men could find leisuie or ni'-Unation to ascer-
tain how something could be made out of the griefs
of the people hy good management. Yet that very
day, when sympathy for a bleeding country and
the obligations of duty to his employers should
have received from Captain Comstock all Ins skill
and enei gy, his mission was used to benefit friends.
He knew Dr. Cummings was agent for the War
Department; still ho counsels freely with Mr.
Devolin about tho value of the Catalme, and gives
an opinion what will bo paid for her charter. Had
she been cheap at $18,000, his Government was
entitled to the purchase. After yielding to Mr.
Develm all the time he required for the negotia-
tion, on the 25th the boat was chartered by Col-
onel Tompkins, he relying upon Captain Com-
stock, the authorized agent of Dr. Cummings, the j
fluent of the War Department,paying for her use
$10,000 per month for three months, and if lost by
war rinks, 'hen Government to pay ^50,000. Col-
onel Tompkins would not sign until Captain Com-
stock assured him that she, was w>orth $50,000, and \
that it vuis all ? ighl. The captain knew the value |
of the boatand what she cost; Mr. Freeman hav- ,
ing an interest in her profits, swears they did not
pretend she was worth $30,000. Captain Com- i
stock, however, denies that he alleged she was j
worth that amount. The testimony of Captain
Comstock shows the vast number and almost un- !
limited power of persons at that time assuming to
act as agents for the Government. Ho says:
111 was -sent for by Mr. Weed to comc to the A^torlloiw.
about the time of the commencement of the-n trouble.-. He
stated that he wa> an agent of the Got eminent, and had
troops and munitions of war to send to Washington byway
of the Chesapeake, and that tie wished to eimrtei vessels
for that purpose 55 *  Atferwtuds,
Cummings called upon me and showed me the same author-
ity that Weed had shown. It had been transfeired to him to
perform the same service " * * r " I
should think that Weed chartered from six to ten vessels."
This testimony was given on the 28th day of
December, and up to that time the committee had
no evidence or intimation that Mr. Weed had been
an agentfor the Government or acting as such. The
Department was liberal in bestowing confidence
and grants of power; but that confidence seems
to have been abused by the transfer of authority
from one to anotjier. Mr. Weed's absence fiom
home prevents an examination at present into the
nature and extent of his agency.
The committee have not been able to show for
whom the steamer was loaded. It has been inti-
mated she was loaded by private parties, to be
run, however, at the risk and expense of the Gov-
ernment. And when she could not obtain a clear-
ance, her cargo was in whole or part sold to Gov-
ernment. If this be so, it will account for the
doctor's purchase of straw hats, linen pantaloons,
London porter, Scotch ale, Dutch herring, "but-
ter, cheese, and all."
Collector Barney swears that on the 27th April
Mr. Stetson, in whose name the title had been
taken, called on him, demanding a clearance to
Annapolis. When asked how she was loaded,
and to whom the cargo belonged, he replied she
was loaded with flour and provisions, and be-
longed to several of his friends. Mr. Barney re-
fused to clear her. Stetson then said the provis-
ions were for the Army. Barney replied that as
the property was not Government property, but
property of individuals, that he could not clear
her except by a request from some Government
officer. It is but just to say here that Mr. Develin
was evidently induced to puichase the vessel at
the suggestion of those who were acting for Gov-
ernment, and that Mr. Stetson, in everything he
i did, was fiank, candid,and made no concealment.
When Mr. Stetson again called on the collector
" he btought a note from Mr. Weed, stating that
the cargo consisted of supplies for troops, and
requesting a clearance." Mr. Barney declined,
but saw Mr. Weed, and explained why a clear-
ance could not be granted. Mr. Weed said " it
was all light, and would be arranged hi some oilier
way." lie concluded not to give a clearance un-
less requested to do so by General Wool. He
saw the general, and requested him to be careful
before he gave orders for a clearance. A pass,
however, was obtained from the general, which
he icgretted, for Monday morning he sent an
Older "to the collect u i evoking it; but the fugitive
had escaped, with the condensation of tho collec-
tor and Genera! Wool upon her. Her voyage
was ati unfortunate one; after two months' ser-
: vice she was destroyed by fire.
The question recurs, who were tho friends re-
ferred to by Mr. Stetson as the owners of the
cargo5 It is necessary to go back and see who
had any interest or connection with the transac-
tion. Mr.Fieeman, who had a one tenth interest
in the pi oiks, swears, after first declining to do
, so, that he received, as part security for the pur-
! chase money ot the Catalme, four notes of ^4,500
I each; as follows: one note by John E. Develm,
; indorsed G. C. Davidson; one note by Thurlow
j Weed, mdoised John E. Develin; one note by
■ G. C. Davidson, indorsed O. B. Mdttnson; one
i note by O. B. Matteson, indorsed Thurlow Weed.
These parties must all have been m New York
| city or this time. The only other person besides
1 the ruptam and crew was James Larkm, who
' went on the boat, he says, as purser, although he
! finally concluded his duty was to act as check
j npon the captain. This man was appointed by
j Mr. De\elm, upon the leconimendation of Mi.
Davidson. No one seemed to take any interest
in loading the vessel, except Mr. Develin. Col-
j onel Tompkins knew nothing of hercaigo. The
Union Defense Committee knew nothing of her
cargo: and when Dr. Cummings was asked if he
knew anything of her cargo, said, " A'o£ a parti-
cle." He relied entirely upon and trusted to the
cleik—Mr. Humphreys, appointed upon the rec-
i ommendation of Mr. Weed. It must be left to sur-
rounding facts to determine who were the friends
referred to by Mr. Stetson,and whelhei the boat
was first loaded for pnvate speculation; and when
no clearancc could be obtained, Mr, Cummings,
through his clerk, purchased the cargo for Gov-
ernment, so that a pass could be procured. General
Wool's hesitancy in giving a pass to the Cataline
probably induced a representation to General Scott
that the condition of his (Wool's) health required
repose from arduous duties,
The doctor was certainly a remarkable agent.
The Secretary wants an energetic, intelligent, and
experienced man, of course—one more so than the
Union Defense Committee, or the Army officers
in New York; one on whom he can rely; yet the
doctor apparently takes no-interest but to draw
and pay the money. When he was called on es-
pecially to aid in purchases, he trusts it all to Mr.
Humphreys, his clerk. When vessels are to be
chartered, he does not deem it worth while to ex-
amine them. He good-naturedly says he took it
for granted that what the owners said was true.
He was certainly a confidence man. The Secre-
tary says, notwithstanding the pressure on his
private business, he is sure he will aid him. Yet
the doctor repays this generous and unbounded
confidence by knowing nothing, absolutely noth-
ing, of the purchasing of articles or loading of
vessels.
Two millions of dollars, by the Secretary of the
Treasury, were placed in the hands of a committee
of high-toned, honorable men, to be paid outon the
order or requisition of Mr. Cummings, withouthis
producing to them any vouchers. Strange asit may
appear, while this money was there to respond to
his requisition, he draws $160,000, and deposits
it in Ins name, with his private account, in one of
the city banks. Stranger still, four months after
his agency had ceased, he leaves no vouchers with
the War Department. The War Department, in
its generous confidence, seeks no settlement with
the doctor, nor an inspection of his vouchers.
Such were the prominent transactions occurring
at a time when a man's generous instincts should
freely have offered everything to his country.
This was the cloud no larger than a man's
hand which increased and spread until the whole
sky has been wrapped in gloom, and men go about
the streets wondering where this thing will end.
The mania for stealing seems to have run through
all the relations of Government—almost from the
general to the drummer-boy; from those nearest
the throne of power to, the merest tide-waiter.
Nearly every man who deals with the Govern-
ment seems to feel or desire that it would not long ^
survive, and each had a comnfon right to plunder
while it lived. Even in the matter of the purchase
of two sailing vessels, two men of New York to
the crime of larceny added the sin of peijury, that
they might rob from the Treasury $8,000. In the
case of the Stars and Stripes, the president of the
New Haven Propeller Company, after taking from
the Government $19,000 more than she cost, took
of that amount nearly eight thousand dollars to
line his own pockets, and in excuse to his com-
pany pretended that he had to bribe an ex-mem-
her of Congress to gain an audience with the head
of the bureau; and from that insinuation an hon-
orable, high-toned ex-member of Congress in Con-
necticut had been subjected to calumny. That
president, before the committee, testified that after
taking $19,000 in profits from his country, he was
so anxious to serve hei in this the hour of her
extremity, that he appropriated nearly eight thou-
sand dollars of his colleagues' money to his pri-
vate use, so he could devise some machineto take
all the southern cities, and no one get hurt. _
Colonels, intmsted with tli£ power of raising
regiments, colluding with contractors, bartering
away and dividing contracts for horses and other
supplies to enrich"personal favorites; purchasing
articles and compelling fals^invoiccs to be given.
While it is no justification, tho example has been
set in the vr ry Depai tmcnU of Government. As a
general thing, none, butiavontes gain access there,
and no others can obtain contracts which bear
enormous profits. They violate the plain provis-
ions of the law lequinng bids and proposals on the
false and shallow pretext that the public exigency
requires it. Should this last as long as thcPelo-
ponnesian war, the same excuse would be used.
The Depaitmeutwluch has allowed conspiracies,
after the bidding has been closed, to defiaud the
Government of tin; lowest bid, and by allowing
the guiltv to reap the finite of their crime, has
itself become particcps criminis.
Who pretends any public exigency for giving
out by pm ate contract, without bids, over one
