1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SYth Cons—2d Sbss.
213
Origin and Objects of the War—Mr. Price.
We cannot skulk them if we would. The lo°-ic
of events frequently outstrips the calculations^
the actors, and results march on in advance of the
policy intended to modify their courses, while we
may be lingering with stupid gaze upon the trail
ot passing events, and drabbling the skirts of our
philosophy in the wake of military and naval ex-
peditions. The question of slavery Js so inti-
mately connected with the rise and progress of
this war that it is every day working out its own
solution. Nothing now can save it but the early
and unconditional submission of the rebels to the
Constitutionand the laws. No matter how gravely
or hoarsely or shrilly we may prate of constitu-
tional recognitions and guarantees, no power, no
caution, no orders of military chieftains can save
slavery from extinction as fast as our armies ad~
. vance upon rebel soil.
Sir, I trust and hope that the Administration
see the matter in this light, and that they are pre-
pared to,institute the necessary regulations to
make the transition from slavery to freedom easy
and safe. This transition, resulting from the ad-
vance of the military or war power, must of ne-
cessity be regulated in a great measure by that
power. To that end, whatever legislation the
Administration desires, I am willing to afford;
any aid ncccss&ry and in our power to give, so
far as 1 am concerned, shall be given upon the
very first suggestion. But let not this Adminis-
tration be unmindful of the vast responsibilities
which the Constitution of the country has de-
volved upon them in these times of the nation's
trials and dangers. Let them not think that they
can escape the mighty issues which this rebellion
has placed chiefly in their hands. A confiding
people, with their treasures in hand, are hastening
to their country's altar. A Congress willing to
supply all nccessary means are waiting sugges-
tions. History waits to record her judgment upon
executive conduct. Her justice is inexorable;
her sentences are not always executed by pos-
terity.
Mr. Speaker, I have confidence in the wisdom
and patriotism of the Administration. I am will-
ing and anxious to hold up their hands m every
legitimate effort to crush out this rebellion; but
while I would not in the slightest degree encroach
upon their peculiar functions and duties, 1 shall
nevertheless insist upon'the full prerogatives of
this branch of the Government. All the people
ask of the Administration is, that they shall act
up to the full measure of their extraordinary re-
sponsibilities, which the extraordinary exigencies
of the nation have devolved upon them. That
they yield neither to local prejudices or interest
on the one hand, nor neglect the plain suggestions
afforded by current events on the other; and that
to save the loyalty of a few slaveholders the pa-
4-riotic aspirations of millions of unconditional
Union men bo not divided and crushed.
Ho. of Reps.
ORIGIN AND OBJECTS OF THE WAR.
'SPEECH OF HON. T. L. PRICE,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
May 20, 1862.
The House having under congelation the bills to con-
fiscate the pVoperty and fiee from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. PB.TCR said:
Mr. Speaker : It is not my purpose to trespass
long upon the attention of the House, but I desire
very briefly to express my views upon the origin
and objects of the present war. Harmony of sen-
timent'upon these topics in the loyal States, and
amongst the law-makers of the nation, would be
worth a hundred regiments in suppressing the
wicked rebellion that threatens destruction to the
liberties of ft continent. I do not flatter myself
that I can bring harmony out of discord or order
out of confusion, but if I can contribute in the
smaHest degree to such a result the labor will be
well rewarded.
For the real cause or origin of the present war,
we must go quite behind the negro, the tariff, cot-
ton, and every other pretext that has been thrust
forward at different times by the South, as a suf-
ficient cause for precipitating upon the country a
bloody revolution. We must find the true cause
of our present troubles in the lust of power, the
restless and insatiable ambition of a few political
demagogues. TheoutbreakofrebellioninCharles-
ton, a little more than one year ago, was only the
culmination of a conspiracy that was hatched in the
same hotbed of treason thirty years since. Some
of the original conspirators have lived through this
period, and now boast of their bad designs and
rejoice in the consummation of their wickedness.
So long as the General Government was left in
their hands, and they were allowed to monopo-
lize its offices of trust and emolument, and use its
power for the promotion of their selfish interests,
they condescended to rule over the country. The
moment that the popular will decreed a change in
the Administration, that was likely to result in a
more equal distribution of governmental power
and patronage, they were ripe for rebellion. Asa
matter of course, they used any and every pretext
to stir up sectional animosity and fire the hearts
of the southern people; for, without their coopera-
tion, what was intended to be a grand revolution
would end in a miserable insurrection. Sorry am
I to say, that, for this purpose, they found abund-
ance of fuel in the North with which to kindle
and replenish the fires of sedition. They seized
upon slavery and the general repugnance to the
institution in the free States, and made this the
rallying-cry among the people. While the Pres-
identelect and the conservative masses of the North
and Northwest, who had placed him in the seatof
power, gave every assurance of a sacred observ-
ance of all constitutional guarantees, the fanatical
few preached disunion at the North as openly as
the secessionists of the South. These canting
Pharisees could see no sins or short-comings, no
injustice or misery at home, but found the em-
bodiment of all unrighteousness in the system of
domestic slavery. They could turn a deaf ear to
the wants and woes of neighbors and kindred, to
groan in spirit over the fancied sorrows of poor
Sambo. So utterly crazed are they upon the sub-
ject that they would sacrifice the liberties of twenty-
six millions of civilized people to give freedom to
four millions of African slaves. The abolition
preachers and press of the North are responsible
for furnishing the material to kindle the fires of
revolution in the South. Even now, they gloi y in
their bad eminence and call themselves the chosen
apostles of liberty. As they have aided to bring
on the calamity, may they have, in addition to the
scorn and condemnation of all just men, their full
share in the sufferings of a war-cursed nation !
But the great guilt of inaugurating the rebellion,
of actually levying war and commencing hostili-
ties against the United States, belongs to those
whose souls were so deeply dyed with treason of
twenty or thirty yeais' growth, that they cared
little about the justness of their cause so that
their monstrous villainy could be consummated.
Neither had they any decent respect for the opin-
ion of the world, but used their pretexts and sub-
terfuges merely to blind and deceive the common
people, and induce them to take part in the rebel-
lion. To this end, every means and appliance
were used which a wicked ingenuity could invent.
The southern press was thoroughly subsidized,
and through the whole course of originating and
prosecuting the war it has done little else than to
propagate lies and slanders upon the Government
and the whole body of the loyal people. No
southern slave has exhibited more abject and
groveling servility to his master than the southern
press to the traitors who had bought it. Added
to the lying newspapei s, a troop of loud-mouthed,
unscrupulous demagogues scoured every port of
the disaffected country, poisoning the minds of
the people with their sophistries, banding them
together in secret organizations, and binding them
together under an oath of treason. No men ever
worked harder or more persistently in the prose-
cution of their bad designs than these self-consti-
tuted missionaries of rebellion. Conscious them-
selves that they were already attainted traitors in
the eye of justice, they labored under the peculiar
stimulus of a prospective halter, which could only
be avoided by the success of their diabolical plans.
The time chosen for the denouement of the plot
was altogether most propitious. A corrupt and
venal Administration had charge of the national
Government, and the leading members of the
Cabinet were working for the single purpose of
bringing the proposed insurrection to a success-
ful issue. In Cabinet meetings, and directly un-
der the eyes of the " old functionary," plans were
matured and measures adopted to strip the loyal
States of f^l means of defense, and to supply
arms and munitions to the rebels. The contents
of northern • arsenals and armories made rapid
transit to be placed under southern guardianship;
so much of the fleet as was under the command
of traitor officers was distributed at convenient
points on the southern coast, and the remainder
sent on voyages to the extremities of the earth.
For such wickedness as that of Floyd and his co-
workers at Washington—swearing loyalty and
planning rebellion at the same moment—earth
must invent a name and hell a fitting punishment;
while the imbecility, treachery, and turpitude of
that bad old man, their master, will carry down
his hated name to an immortality of scorn and
infamy.
Thus was the machinery of secession and rev-
olution contrived and put in motion at Washing-
ton. The example thus set of perjury, theft, and
robbery, was faithfully copied in all the revolting
States. There was a similarity of plan and exe-
cution, evincing a wonderlul degree of harmony
among the conspirators. This unanimity of senti-
ment and action appears natural enough when we
consider that very few undci stood all" the secrets
of the proposed rebellion. For fear of marring the
plot,and introducing confusion into their counsels
only a few leading demagogues m each State were
allowed the position of active authors and movers
of the traitorous schemes. The masses of the peo-
ple had nothing to do with concocting the plans
for secession, only a softer name for rebellion.
They were kept m profound ignorance of what
was doing in the secret midnight sessions of those
who wore conspiring against the Government of
their country. The people were not even allowed
to sanction or reject by a popular vote the action
of these revolutionists. They were expected to
accept with meek submission, and execute with
zealous energy, the mandates of their self-consti-
tuted guardians.
In this connection may be seen the true cause
of the rebellion, and the real animus of the south-
ern aristocracy. Taking South Carolina as an
example, it is merely a republic in name, and in
practice a miserable despotism. The people have
less practical influence in managing or controlling
the affairs of its government than in any consti-
tutional monarchy of Europe. This work is done
exclusively by the privileged few who desire to
add to their already feudal system of government
the gaudy trappings of a feudal nobility. Even
the temporary success of the so-called southern
confederacy would see those of the chivalry who
could pay for their badges bedizened with more
orders than modern heraldry ever dreamed of.
It is this unrepublican fondness for distinction,
parade, and display; this itching for fame, and
insatiable thirst for power, that has led to all our
present troubles. South Carolina politicians and
wealthy planters desired to become lords tempo-
ral; and Charleston merchants desired to become
princes under king cotton, and control the com-
merce of the world. With the madman's pur-
pose of accomplishing these objects, they inaugu-
rated a revolution. I utter no threats nor impre-
cations, nor shall I shed tears of pity if the bold
traitors who invoked this storm should be whelmed
forever beneath its fiery waves. It would only be
poetic justice if that pestilent triangle, that has
never grown anything but rice, tar, and treason,
should be devoured by the fires of its own kind-
ling.
In my own State, the means used to drag her
into rebellion were precisely similar to the agen-
cies that had been so successful in the States fur-
ther south. There was the same secret banding
and organization of politicians and placemen of
high and low degree. We had a secessionist for
Governor, in the person of Claiborne Fox Jack-
son, who obtained his office by perjuring his soul
—swearing fidelity to the Union against all his
antecedents and instincts, and then casting aside
the vail of hypocrisy long before the day of his
inauguration. Wehad ason ofPalmettodomfor
Lieutenant Governor, and another from the same
blissful region to conduct a secession paper,
