2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
iiot possibly be inspected; and they arc liable to
great imposition. The Secretary of the Navy
wants to have it in his power, in case hefindshi ro-
se If imposed upon by this secret mode of putting
it up where it cannot be inspected, to put it up
himself. He does not want to do it; but tie desires
to have it in his power as a sort of check on those
from whom he buys, and it is put in here as a
proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. On the 3d pa^e, section one, line
fifty-four4I move to strike out the word "three,"
and insert " six;" so that it will read, " for cloth-
ing for the Navy, $600,000." Let me explain
that to the Senate. The Navy have a fund for fur-
nishing clothes to the sailors, which is constantly
coming back through the accounts of the pursers.
Thefuffdwfls established, when they had but sev-
enty-five hundred sailors, at $570,000. These
clothes are furnished to the men, of which the
pursers make returns, and then the amount is re-
funded to the fund out of the appropuation. "What
was a sufficient working capital for seventy-five
hundred sailors is found to be entirely insufficient
for twenty-five thousand that we now have; and
the Departmentasks for this amount for the fund.
It does not go out; it is not spent, but constitutes
their trading capital in fact; and we are assured
by the Department that it is as little as they can
possibly get along with.
The amendment agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Between lines seventy-seven and
seventy-eight of the first section, under the head
of " marine corps," I move to insert:
For the support of five hundred ant! eighty men authorized
to hp for the murine eorp-. by the President of the
United skates on the 23d of November, 18fil, $74,767 40.
That is for subsistence for additional men.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In section one, line one hundred
and thirteen, i move to strike out " fifty," and in-
sert "one hundred;" so as to read, "extension
of storehouse No. 11, one hundred feet."
That is for an additional storehouse at the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire. The ori-
ginal one is fifty feet, and $10,000 was appropri-
ated for it. The necessities of the Government
require that it should be larger, and it only takes
§3,000 additional to make it one hundred feet in-
stead of fifty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In the same section, line one hun-
dred and sixteen, after the word " mill," insert
" and building;" so as to read, " for futtock saw-
mill and building." This is in regard to the Ports-
mouth yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The nextamendinent is to strike
out the following proviso, in lines one hundred
and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, and one
hundred and nineteen:
Provided, Thi i the patentee shall not receive more than
ten p<;r cent, on the eOs?t of the aforesaid mill for tiic uae of
the patent, not to exceed $1,000.
It is understood the patent for this saw-mill has
expired, and we do not propose to make any ap-
propriation for the patent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. From line one hundred and twen-
ty-ooe to Une one hundred and twenty-three, I
move to strike out " spinning machinery, boiler-
house,and chimney for rope-walk and yarn-mill."
This is in the items for the Boston yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In line one hundred and twenty-
six I move to strike out the word "one, "and in-
sert " two;" and in line one hundred and twenty-
seven strike out " seventy-nine," and insert fifty-
three;" strike out " seven," and insert " five;"
and strike out "forty-eight dollars." These amend-
ments are made to make the sums agree with the
estimates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To cut down or increase?
Mr. HALE. It increases the appropriation in
the bill, but not the estimates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much does it make ?
Mr. HALE. Two bundled and fifty-three
thousand five hundred dollars instead of $179,748,
for the Boston yard. It is necessary to make it
agree with the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE  The committee recommended the
striking out of lines one hundred and thirty-one,
one hundred and thiity-two, one hundred and
thirty-three, one hundred and thirty-four, and one
hundred and thirty-five; but I will state that since
we have recommended*it, the Secretary of the
Navy and the chief of the Bureau of Docks and
Yards have been before us, and we have agreed
to suspend action on that amendment until to-
morrow, if the bill is before the Senate so long.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatamendmentis that?
Mr. HALE. To strike out lines one hundred
and thirty-one, one hundred and thirty-two, one
hundred and thirty-three, onehundred and thirty-
four, and one hundred and thirty-five, for the en-
largement of the Charlestown navy-yard. In line
one hundred thirty-six, after the word " saw-
mill," and before " ten," I move to insert " and
buildings," and strike out the proviso—the same
amendment that was made as to the Portsmouth
yard, in regard to the futtock saw-mill.
The Secretary read the amendment in line one
hundred and thirty-six, after the word "mill," to
insert " and buildings;" and to strike out the pro-
viso, from lines one hundred and thirty-six to one
hundred and thirty-nine, in the following words:
Provided, That the patentee shall not receive more than
ten per cent, on the cost of the aforesaid null for the use of
the patent, not to exceed $J,000.
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. HALE. The next amendment is to strike
out all between the word " houses," in line one
hundred and forty-two, and " extension," in line
one hundred and forty-three. The words to be
strickenoutare, "addition to office building,quay
walls." This is in the item relative to the New
York yard,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In line one hundred and forty-
three, I move to strike out the words " yard drain-
age," in the item relative to the New York yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In line one hundred and forty-
six, the same item, I move to strike out the words
"extension ofsmithery.'*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In lines one hundred and forty-
eightand one hundred and forty-nine, in the ap-
propriations for the same yard, f move to strike
out " $335,322," and insert " ^320,846."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Between lines one hundred and
forty-nine and one hundred and fifty I move to in-
sert as an addition to the items for the New York
yard, " for a cylinder for roasting coffee, $400."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In lines one hundred and sixty-
six and one hundred and sixty-seven I move, in
the appropriations for the navy-yard at Mare Isl-
and, California, to strikeout "$196,352,"and in-
sert "$230,285." This is to conform to the esti-
mates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In lines one hundred and eighty-
one, one hundred and eighty-two, and one hun-
dred and eighty-three I move to strike out all be-
tween the word "of" and 44 Seavey's," in line
one hundred and eighty-two, so that instead of
reading:
For tlie purchase of twenty-seven and three hundred and
fifiy-five thousandths acres of land on Seavey's island,
adjacent to the Kittery navy-yard, $14,500; buiidmg coal
wharf 
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better state all
the amendment at once.
Mr. HALE. I will. It is to strike out all be-
tween the word "yard," in line one hundred and
eighty-three, and "dollars," in line one hundred
and eighty-four, that is, to strike out "fourteen
thousand five hundred;" and to insert in lieu
thereof:
Sixty-five thousand dollars: Provided, The Secretary of
the Navy can procure a satisfactory title to the whole there-
of for that sum.
So that the clause, as amended, will read:
For the purchase of Seavey's island, adjacent to the Kit-
tery navy-yard, $65,000: Provided^ The Secretary of the
Navy can procure a .satisfactory title to the whole thereof
for that t?uin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it was
$60,000.
Mr. HALE. I will explain. The offer to sell
this land, which is considered very desirable by
the Secretary and all the officers, is §70,000. The
committee agreed to give $60,000, but on reconsid-
eration they thought we might nofcbe able to get
it at $60,000, and they put it at $65,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN." 1 have no doubt we can
get it at $60,000.
Mr. HALE. I do not know whether we can
or not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out all after the
word "dollars,"in line one hundred and eighty-
six, to one hundred and eighty-nine; that is, to
strike out the proviso, which is as follows: ,
Provided, That no building shall be erected or extended
until complete plans and specifications and estimates of cost
in detail shall be furnished to and appiovcd by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and contracts therefor shall be let upon
due and public advertisement.
This is a proviso to the appropriation for a hos-
pital on Seavey's island.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. We propose the same amend-
ment in regard to Boston, to strike out the proviso
there from line one hundred and ninety-four to
one hundred and ninety-nine.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
New Hampshire that it fs useless to keep in the
one hundred and eighty-fourth and one hundred
and eighty-fifth lines. We do not want to build a
coal wharf and coal shed until we buy the grounds
at Seavey's island.
Mr. HALE. I am not certain that that coal
wharf and coal shed are to be on Seavey's island.
They require a coal wharf and coal shed at the
Portsmouth yard, even if they do notget Seavey's
island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. HALE. Are you certain*of that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. HALE. Then, I am willing to strike that
out. 1 move to strike out the words " building
coal wharf and coal shed, for fencing the grounds,
$5,500" ill lines onehundred and eighty-four and
one hundred and eighty-five.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now, from line one hundred and
ninety-four to one hundred and ninety-nine,I move
to strike out the following proviso to the appro-
priation for extension of hospital and repairs ot
buildings at the Boston yard:
Provided, That no building shall be erected or extended
until complete plans and verifications and estimates of cost
in detail shall he furnished to and approved by thp Secre-
tary of the Navy, and contracts therefor shall be let upon
due and public advertisement.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In lines two hundred and one
and two hundred and two 1. move to strike out
" $7,500," and to insert "and house for suigeon
and director of the laboratory, §21,500;" so as to
make the clause read:
New York:
For repairs and improvements, and house for surgeon and
director of the laboratory, .$23,500.
There is a great demand for an increase of the
convenience of the surgeon and director of the
laboratory at the hospital at the Brooklyn navy-
yard; and the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks thinks it absolutely necessary to have a
house for the surgeon and director of the labora-
tory. They have to be in constantattendance,and
there is no place for them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Between lines two hundred and
eighteen and two hundred and nineteen, in the
appropriation for magazines, 1 move to inseit:
Philadelphia:
For repairs of wharf and magazine at Fort Mifflin,
-$1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In line two hundred and thirty-
six, I move to strike out "forty," and insert
y sixty;" so as to appropriate §60,000 for the pur-
chase and repair of nautical instruments, books,
maps, and charts. This increase is required by
the great addition that has been made to the num-
ber of naval vessels. The estimate of $40,000
was sent in before the greataddition was made to
the number of vessels, and the director of the Ob-
servatory says $60,000 is absolutely necessary,
and that is the opinion of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.HALE. The nextamendmentofthecom-
mittee is to strike out in lines two hundred and
