714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
of fixing theprice in advance, they procuring from
••the very men who offered to supply Government,
and at the offered priccs, while they charged an
advance .of twenty-five to fifty per cent. Men ill
league with Quartermaster McKinstry and his in-
spectors would first extort from the honest farmer,
and then unblushingly rob from the Treasury.
In building the forts at St. Louis, more than
1100,000 was squandered upon profligate, unprin-
cipled favorites.
These plunderers, some imported from Cali-
fornia, and some for a long while in the employ
and receiving food and raiment from the Govern-
ment, gathered around the person of Fremont, and
suffered none to approach him too nearly.
Quartermaster McKinstry was the high priest
at this festival of robbery and crime; a man \yho
had for many years been in the regular service of
the United States; a man furnished by the Ad-
ministration to the department of the West, which
was supposed to be a guarantee for his faithful-
ness and integrity; trusting confidingly, Fremont
watched him not closely. I do not pretend that
FrSmont shared the spoils with Child, Pratt &
Fox, or McKinstry, any more than I, for a mo-
ment, believe that Secretary Welles shared the
enormous profits of his brother-in-law. It is no
excuse to say that the magnitude of this rebellion,
huge in proportion, the impending danger casting
dark shadows over our national pathway and
threatening the nation's life, was a justification
for allowing the exercise of unlicensed cupidity.
Without doubt, generals and Cabinet ministers
have bowed down beneath the weight of increas-
ing responsibility; but this reckless horde were
undermining the very ground on which they trod.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman permit me
to interrupt him here?
Mr. VAN" WYCIC. I cannot now.
Mr. DAYIS. You have done me a great in-
justice in the committee, and I desire here to set
myself right. 1 must have an explanation here
or elsewhere.
Mr. VAN WYCIC, I will meet the gentleman
here or elsewhere after my hour expires; but my
time is running fust. Itisnotthat I am unwilling
to answer the gentleman, for I will answer him
or any other man, here or at any other place.
Another item of reckless expenditure was the
order of the War Department allowing two cents
per mile for the transportation of troops, and lib-
eral priccs for baggage and horses. So enormous
were the profits, that railroad companies in the
W est bid and paid from fifteen to twenty-live hun-
dred dollars to nearly every regiment for the priv-
ilege of transportation. It is remarkable that the
late Secretary, who was himself, by long experi-
ence ami observation,so conversant with the man-
agement of railroads, who rejoiced in the confi-
dence of u friend who was intimate with lailroiul
connexions, especially in Pennsylvania, should
have allowed railroad companies such large
amounts that they could lavish thousands foi tiie
transportation of a single regiment.
Trains not running so swiftly, and sometimes
with no bettor cars, charged nearly double more
than emigrant rates. Did he not know that each
passenger was entitled to eighty pounds of bag-
gage? Yet an extra charge was allowed for all
transpoitcd with the troops; thus thousands have
been unjustly taken from the Treasury, not only
by the assent of the Department, but by its ex-
press sanction and order.
The pirates who infest the ocean, under the com-
mission of the rebel chief, are not more deserving
the execration of mankind than the gang who, oil
land, are suffered to feast upon the sweat of the
poor and the blood of the brave.
While the nation is straining at every nerve, and
bleeding at every pore, these heartless creatures—
for gain, to gratify unholy passions—wretches,
" Who shrine their lusts in heaven,
And make a ponder of their God,"
have a firmer grasp upon the throat of the nation
than this armed rebellion. Like panthers, at the
set of sun, across the nation's darkened path, they
"Bound upon their startled prey."
And while this mighty nation, this giant of the
West, is trembling beneath its great weight, its
arms growing weary, all its nerves and smews
quivering, almost while life is ebbing from its
veins, if gold could be extracted from the quartz,
they would pick by piece-meal the rock on which
he stands, or if they could make merchandise of
his locks, disheveled by the rough tempest, would
shear him of his strength. They follow—
" With that keen second scent of death,
By which the vulture snutFs the food."
If we cannot overcome the open enemy in front,
let us at least banish the masked traitor in our
midst. Do this, and you strengthen anew the
arms and add to the courage of the nation, inspire
hope, and insure the conviction that all will be
well. Traitor spies have been walking your
streets, feasting at your saloons, promenading at
your levees, and sleeping in your capital. They
nave been engaged in your Departments, making
drawings of your fortifications, aggregations of
your armies; all your consultations, your plans of
battles and order of marches, have been commu-
nicated to the enemy. Your generals have been
paralyzed, your armies defeated, by the very men
who arc feeding upon the bounty of your Gov-
ernment, betraying your confidence and the land
which holds the graves of their fathers.
" Oh, for a tongue to curse the slave
Whose tieason, like a deadly blight,
Comes o'er the counsels of the biave.
And blasts tliem in their hour of might!"
Sir, I am not one of those disposed to question
or distrust the ability or correctness of our lead-
ers. I have always believed that a poor general,
with the confidence of the people, was far bettor
than a Napoleon or Hannibal, with mutterings
of complaint and half-uttered distrust. We can-
not afford another defeat. They who control our
armies will illy discharge their du'ty if they are
guided by aught else than their own matured judg-
ments. But I have a right to insist that we shall
use all the means which a God of providence has
placed in our reach. J\To war has been more cause-
less; no rebellion, with so little of complaint, since
the angels fell; no treason which threatened so
much destruction,and imperiled so much of hap-
piness for the present, or hope for the future;
none involving so much of crime against human-
ity, or sin against Him who guides the destinies
of nations.
Men in arms were formerly our brethren; and
while ill peaco we would treat them as friends,in
war lotus treat them as enemies. They are seeking
to wrap in flames the temples which their fathers
built, and in which they worshiped. They are
trampling under foot the Constitution and laws
which their fathers ordained, and of which they
boasted; above all, they have despised and rent in
twain the flowery banner which their fathers and
ours planted in victory on Saratoga and York-
town's plains—that banner which floated in tri-
umph at Chippcwaand New Oi'leans;undcr which,
on the plains of Mexico, the Palmetto regiment and
the volunteers from the Empire State fought side by
side, where the gallant Butler fell. They cannot di-
vorce the American people from that noble ensign;
each sti ipe on its starry folds goes back and en-
twines itself around the battle-fields of the Revo-
lution. Kvery star stands as a sentinel over the
grave where thepatriotsleeps. Howdeep the crime
of those who have been ieared to sing of its power
now to trample and despise it! Are not such men
the basest of enemies, who should feel our pun-
ishments and our vengeance, too? Will you talk
of the constitutional rights of men who are steeped
in the gall of such damning infamy? In this war
it matters not what may be their institutions.
No matter though tliey be the best on earth; if
we can harm them, punish them, subdue them by
sundering their institutions, it is our duty to do so.
A rebel sells you a horse for §100, which you
agree to pay linn by solemn contract in writing;
he comes, steals the horse, and then demands that
you shall pay him the price agreed.
It will not do for this Administration, nor for
us, with half a million of men sleeping on their
arms, to be apologizing with proclamations which
aie senseless; that we should be dancing like har-
lots in the ante-chamber of this stupendous crim-
inal, though armed to destroy, and surrounded
with the minions of an enslaved nationality. To
the incendiary who puts the torch to your dwell-
ing, and is despoiling you of family and property,
would you stand crouched on one knee, begging
like a dog that you did not mean to burn his
dwelling or destroy his property? No, sir; let
us stand in the dignity of our national manhood;
and he who violates our Constitution, tramples
on our flag, or perils our commerce, is an enemy
whom we should strike, whether it be in the de-
struction of life or property. Already has judg-
ment been pronounced; it has been decreed they
should suffer death, and are now, or should be,
undergoing the penalty. As well might they cry
out for constitutional rights as for the malefactor
in the penitentiary, or the murderer under the gal-
lows, to claim the rights of life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.
Let not generals be issuing orders to degrade
the manhood of our troops by rescuing or return-
ing fugitive slaves. Let them not be exercising
their talents to determine how they shall hunt
slaves, rather than capture rebels. Let them not
treat a loyal black man worse than a traitor master.
See, just before the battle of Manassas, a gen-
eral occupies part of his time in writing orders
that no fugitive slave should be allowed within the
lines. Had slaves been suffered to bring intelli-
gence and give warning, many of our brave soldiers
might not now be sleeping in death on that dread-
ful field. He must have read the history of his
own country to but little purpose, or h  would
have known that two of the most disastrous de-
feats our arms sustained in the South during the
Revolution was because two slaves guided the
enemy to the camps of our fathers. The slaves
who periled their lives to ferry our maimed sol-
diers over the Potomac at Ball's Bluff you would
return to chains and stripes, while you claim to
protect the constitutional rights of the traitors who
had wounded them.
Some men among us talk of compromise and
peace; none desire peaco more than we. Let these
men not importune us; we have not provoked nor
encouraged this war. Let them go to the rebels
who stole our guns, unlimbered them, fired upon
our fort, and disgraced the flag. Let them go to
the men who are floating the black flag of treason
almost in sight of the Capitol. Let them go to the
men who make night hideous with demoniac
shrieks of disunion over the grave where the bones
of Washington are moldenng. Let tliem go to
Richmond and ask the lebel crew to, pull down the
confederate banner, and float the stars and stripes
in its stead, over our custom-house and post office.
Let them go to Charleston and New Orleans, roll
themselves in sackcloth and ashes, and ask that
the ensign of their fathers shall float in their ports.
Let them do this, and we will have peace. We
ask for no more; we will submit to no less. Let
them do this, and the sword of every northern
soldier will be returned to its scabbard, and he will
no longer pray " to teach his hands to war and his
fingers to fight."
We know their terms of compromise. The
traitor Davis, taking advantage of his position
while here to mature his conspiracies in the other
end of this Capitol, wanted us to roll up and lay
away the national flag. Roll it up and lay it away 1
Why, it had been made glorious in three wars,
and the wreath of its victories was yet green. It
had carried American civilization over the prairies
of the West; from the mouth to the source of the
Father of Waters; across the great wastes beyond;
from the summit of the Rocky mountains its pro-
tecting folds covered aland washed by two oceans.
Roll it up and lay it away ! Why? It had floated
our commerce on every sea; was the emblem of
our nationality and power in every port. Its folds
were stiffened by the spray of the northern ocean,
and languidly hung to the masts in tropic seas.
Roll it up and lay it away ! Never 1 It was pow-
erful to protect Martin Kostza thousands of miles
from this Capitol, and it shall be powerful to pro-
tect the loyal citizen wherever he may be found;
men like Johnson, in Eastern Tennessee; and
Holt, in his Kentucky home. If this be not so,
let us perish, and as a nation be forgotten; better
our history had never been writtenbetter the Dec-
laration of Independence had never been penned;
better the blood of the Revolution had never been
shed.
It is no wonder that the thrones of England and
France and the despotisms of Europe are in sym-
pathy, and, as.far as they dare, in action against
us. They know this to be the last hope of free-
dom, the last home of the oppressed; they know
" That earth's struggling millions turn hither in glee,
To the land of the beautiful, Sand of the fiee."
They know that the great American people are in
sympathy with the down-trodden, with the hew-
ers of wood and the drawers of water on the eastern
continent. They know that the revolutionists may
