216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
37m Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Kdlogg.
Ho. of Reps.
Chief Justice Marshall, as a part of his opinion
in that case, declares:
" Respecting the power of Government, no doubt is en-
tertained. That war gives to the sovereign full right to take
the persons and confiscate the property of the enemy where
ever found, is conceded. The mitigations of this rigid rule,
which the humane and wise policy of modern times has
Introduced into practice, will more or less aifect the exer-
cise of this right, but cannot impair the right itself. That
remains undiminished, and when the sovereign authority
shall choose to bring it into operation, the judicial depart-
ment must give effect to its will."
In another portion of the same opinion, it is de-
clared, not only by a majority of the court, but
by the dissenting judge also, that that power ex-
ists in Congress. If we have not the constitu-
tional power, I would rather make any sacrifice
than to adopt this kind of legislation. If We have
the power, I am anxious for its exercise; and it
does behoove us well to consider it, for the de-
struction of but one bond of the Constitution, to
my mind, would be more dreadful, under exist-
ing circumstances, than the marching of armies.
Speaking of the proposition that modern px-ac-
tice had changed the rule of law, the same judge
uses this language:
" This rule appears to be totally incompatible with the
idea that war does of itself vest the property in the bellig-
erent Government. It may be considered as the opinion
of all who have written on the jits belli, that war gives the
right to confiscate, but does not itself confiscate the prop-
erty of the enemy; and their rules go to the exercise of this
right."
Judge Marshall makes no mincing-, halting,
doubting argument, but declares in that cool, de-
liberatelanguage that commends itself to the heart
and brains of every man, that the right to confis-
cate property generally does exist, and I ask the
opponents or this doctrine to meet this authority.
Certainly they will not meet it by saying that it
too is of so ancient a date that it should not be con-
sidered as a correct exposition of the law.
Justice Story, in that case, differed with the
court on the question of* what kind of special le-
gislation was necessary to authorize the courts to
interpose; but upon the power of confiscation in
Congress there was no disparity of opinion be-
tween them, and he says, in the same ease:
<{ In respect to the goods of an enemy found within the
dominions of a belligerent Power, the right of confiscation
Is most amply admitted by Grotius, and Puffendorf, and
BynkersboPk, and Burlamaqui,and Rutherfoith, and Vattel.
I do not find any denial in authorities which are entitled to
much weight; and I therefore consider the rule of the law
of nations to be that every such exercise of authority is
lawful, and exists in the sound discretion of the sovereign
of the nation."
1 should have no occasion to go further and cite
authorities—for the right of confiscation generally
of all property of the enemy seems to be so con-
clusively shown that it would be a useless waste of
time to read them—but in view of the fact, that an
American commentator has been cited here to sus-
tain the denial of this right, and to show that there
was nosuch power—I refer to Chancellor Kent, an
able commentator on the law of nations—there-
fore I deem it my duty to read a little further
upon that point; and that, too, from this same dis-
tinguished commentator. I was surprised when I
heard the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
read that authority as evidence of the want of
power to confiscate. So much confidence had I
in his opinion that I supposed myself in error,
and I examined, to some extent, the writings of that
commentator upon the subject. But while I will
not enter into a controversy with any gentleman
upon that subject, I will present the plain and
unmistakable language of that writer, and leave it
for the House and the country to judge who has
most faithfully cited him as authority. I read
from the first volume of Kent's Commentaries:
" When hostilities have commenced, the lirst objects
that naturally piescnt themselves for detention and cap-
ture, are the persons and property of the enemy found within
the territory on the breaking out of the war. According to
strict authority, a State has a right to deal as an enemy with
persons and property so found within its power, and to con-
fiscate the property, and detain the persons as prisoners of
war,"
Had that been read before, I would not have
detained the House to read it, but there is the
acknowledgment by this American commentator,
in the most unequivocal language, that there is a
power of confiscation over all the property of the
enemy, and the right to detain their persons as
prisoners.
What more can be asked from American au-
thorities to sustain the position I have taken than
those I have cited? But I again read from Justice
Kent. In citing some authorities which seemed
to oppose this view of the law, Kent himself
summed them up, and declared the law to be as
follows:
*" But however strong the current of authority in favor of
the modern and milder construction of the rule of national
law on this subject, the point seems to be no longer open to
discussion in this country; and it has become definitely set-
tled in favor of the ancient and sterner rule, by the Supreme
Court of the United States,
" When the case was brought up on appeal before the
Supreme Court of the United States, the broad principle
was assumed that war gave to the sovereign full right to
talte the persons and confiscate the property of the enemy
wherever found; and that the mitigations ofthis rigid rule,
which the wise and humane policy of modern times had
introduced into practice, might more or less atfect the ex-
ercise of the right, but could not impair the right itself."
In this he cites the very decision I have read,
and acknowledges it to be the law. Then, sir,
why, in good faith, should not gentlemen have
read the conclusion to which the commentator
comes in acknowledging, in the fullest possible
manner, the right to confiscate enemy's property
and seize their persons as prisoners ?
But I must pass on to another portion of this
subject. Having established, as I think, the power
in war to confiscate the property, both movable
and immovable, of enemies for the benefit of the
State, I come now to apply this rule and law of
nations to the present condition of our unhappy
country. When rebellion becomes so formidable
as to require the mustering of armies to suppress
it, it becomes a civil war, and it is to be conducted
upon the principles and the laws of war. The
traitors add to their offense of treason the higher
crime of civil war, and may be treated, notonly as
rebels guilty of treason by the laws of the land, but
may be treated also as a public enemy. To support
this proposition, I will read some authorities upon
that point. 1 wish my position to be understood. I
hold that these rebels now in arms are subject to
the civil law as traitors; having committed treason,
they are subject to punishment by the coutts
under the Constitution; having risen to a higher
crime, that of levying civil war, engaging in and
assuming the character of public; enemies, they
may be treated as such. They are treated as pub-
lic enemies; and, deny it as you will, before I
close I will show that the laws of nations treat
them not only as traitors, but'as public enemies,
and that they arc entitled to the same rule of war-
fare while in the field, and are bound to bear the
burdens which pertain to a condition of public
war; yet in nowise are they exempt from punish-
ment for the crime of treason by the courts. Judg-
ing this matter by the laws of nations, I find this
to be the rule:
" When a party is formed in a State who no longer obey
the sovereign, and are possessed of sufficient strength to op-
pose him, or, when in a republic,the nation is divided into
two opposite factions, and both sides take up arms—this is
called civil war.
" Setting, therefore, the justice of the case wholly out ot
the question, it only remains for us to consider the maxims
which ought to be observed in a civil war, and to consider
whether the sovereign in partleularis, on such an occasion,
bound to conform to the established laws of war.
" A civil war breaks the bonds of society and Government,
or at least suspends their force and effect; it produces in
the nation two independent parties, who consider each
other as enemies and acknowledge no common judge.
Those two parties, therefore, must necessarily be consid-
ered as theireeforwaid constituting, at least for a time, two
separate bodies, two distinct societies. Though one of the
parties may have been to blame for breaking the unity of
the State and resisting the lawful authority, they are not
the less divided in fact. Besides who shall judge them?
Who shall pronounce on which side the right or wrong lies?
On earth they have no common superior. They stand,
thereiore, in precisely the same predicament of two nations
who engage in a contest, and being unable to come to an
agreement, have recourse to arms.
" This being the case, it is very evident that the common
laws of war, those maxims of humanity, moderation, and
honor, which we have already detailed in the course ofthis
work, ought to be observed by both parties in every civil
war."—VatteVs LawoJ Nations.
Again: the same writer declares that—
"When the sovereign has subdued the opposite party,
and reduced them to submit and sue for peace, he mayex-
cept from the amnesty the authors of the disturbances—the
heads ot the party. He may hring them to a legal trial,
and punish them, if they are found guilty."
The law is most clear and plain, that when a
rebellion rises to that condition that the nation is
bound, for its preservation, to meet armies with
armies, to inaugurate all that pertains to war, the
belligerentsshould carry on such war according to
the rules and laws of war, and are to be governed
in their action by those rules. Sir, this rebellion
has become a civil war, and the parties engaged
in it are entitled to the rule and code of civilized
warfare. They are also bound to bear the penal-
ties and burdens which are incident to that warfare,
one of which is confiscation, as 1 think I have
most fairly shown.
Again, sir. These authorities fully sustain me
in the proposition that, having subdued them by
arms, they are not exempt from the penalties of
treason, but that they sustain the double charac-
ter of traitors to the Government and public ene-
mies of the nation; that all that pertains to war
between two enemies pertains to this war, and
that having crushed out the rebellion, the civil
law, and the jurisdiction of the courts may be
brought to bear, and the penalties of the law be
enforced upon them for their acts of treason. And
this, in my judgment, does not at all conflict with
the proposition that we have a right to confiscate
their property because they are public enemies.
But it may be said that this is all from the books
merely, and has no application to the present re-
bellion. I wish to call the attention of gentlemen
who entertain such an opinion to the condition
of things as they really exist now in the country.
There are to-day six hundred thousand men ar-
rayed in armies upon the side of the Government,
and probably four hundred thousand men in the
rebel armies; perhaps more. These armies meet
everywhere, deluging the country with blood, and
shall we say longer that this is a mere pitiable
rebellion? No, sir, it has risen up in the scale
of warfare, in the number and power of belliger-
ents, in its atrocities perpetrated by the rebels,
and its results, until it has become the most
momentous war of the age.
I am aware that many have entertained the
theory that the rebel armies were not belligerents
and enemies as understood by the law of nations.
This I have long thought was a grave error.
There is no disguising the sad fact that there is not
an element or characteristic of war in its fullest de-
velopment that has not and is not constantly man-
ifesting itself in the civil war now desolating the
country. A glance at the condition of the rebel
government and forces will not fail to dispel this
illusion from the mind of any dispassionate and
fair man. They have assumed a government,
with all the machinery, forms, and functions of a
government; have organized, armed, and equipped
an army and navy; built forts to defend cities;
and have and do subsist armies. Our armies meet
theirs in sanguinary conflict, prisoners are cap-
tured and held until exchanged by arrangements
of the belligerent parties in strict conformity with
the rules war. We besiege their fortified posi-
tions with immense armies, and when they are
driven from cities and districts of country, mili-
tary governors are appointed to administer tem-
porary governments therein, and to aid and pro-
tect the civil authorities—and that, sir, where the
authorities of the Government had been obstructed
and overthrown by the force of rebel armies; we
send and receive flags of truce, and under their
protection prisoners are exchanged, according to
the usages of war.
Again, sir. Wc have declared, and with the power
of our Navy enforced, the blockade of many of
the important ports of the country, and have re-
quired foreign nations to respect such blockade,
a proceedingtotally inconsistent with the doctrine
that war does not exist. Neutral nations are only
bound to respect a blockade when declared and
enforced by belligerentPowers, the object of which
is to destroy the commerce of the enemy, and pre-
vent him from receiving material aid in sustaining
armies and carrying on a war. On this ground
and for these reasons all neutral nations are re-
quired by the laws of nations to respect a block-
adeso declared and sustained. Thatour ownGov-
ernment and many powerful foreign Governments
have applied this doctrine of the law to the pres-
ent condition of the country our intercourse with
them and their declarations and acts abundantly
attest. All this has been done and is being done
because of the belligerent power of the rebel forces
on the one side, and the necessary war force on
the part of the Government to conquer and sub-
due this wide-spread civil war. And now, sir,
with all these facts standing so prominently be-
fore fee mind of this House, will any gentleman
