1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
3*7x11 Cons. ... 2D Ssss.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
say that war does not exist? I think not. No
one,candid with himself, howsoever much he may-
desire to defeat this bill, will longer rely on the
shallow pretense that war is notin the land. Was
not Vattel right when he said that when a nation
was divided into two opposing parts, which take
the field against each other, although one be rebel
in its character, war does then exist in fact, and
should be conducted by the rules and laws of civ-
ilized warfare.
Now, sir, I ask, will any man say that we have
a right to omit any of the means known to civil-
ized warfare to cripple our enemy and prevent his
sustaining his army in the field to strike down our
fellow-citizens who are willing to peril—yea, sac-
rifice—their lives to uphold the flag and the Union
and preserve the Government from the hands of
the spoilers.
Mr. Speaker, it is also written in the Constitu-
tion of this Government that we may suppress
rebellion. I heard it stated the other day that the
framers of the Constitution never did contemplate
such a condition of things. That, sir, is the great-
est mistake in the world. They did contemplate
it. They had read the history of the world. They
knew what might arise and they provided for this
very case. It was not, I think, quite just to those
who framed the Constitution to say that they did
not contemplate that a condition of things like that
which now distracts the country might occur.
The Constitution says that, in order to suppress
rebellion. Congress may call out the militia, which
is the reliance and the military power of the na-
tion. We may call upon the entire physical power
of the Government; we may put the whole strength
of the nation into the field to suppress insurrec-
tion or to repel invasion. We have the same
power to suppress rebellion that we have to repel
an invasion by a foreign Power.
The Constitution declares that Congress shall
have power " to declare war," " to raise and sup-
port armies,"" to provide for calling forth the mi-
litia to execute the laws of the Union, to suppress
insurrections,and repel invasions."
- It will be seen that the Constitution contem-
plates three events in which Congress shall have
the power to set in motion the military arm and
power of the Government against an armed force:
the first, when war is declared by the Govern-
ment; the second, when a war of insurrection is
set on foot within the Union; the third, when the
country is invaded by a foreign Power. In the
latter two, the language is identical, and in the
first substantially the same. The object to be
attained by the exercise of the war power men-
tioned in the class of cases just referred to is pre-
cisely the same, the protection of the Government;
and the rule of construction in considering what
power is necessarily implied in order to carry into
execution cither of these express powers must
doubtless be the same. The preservation of the
Government from destruction by insurrection and
rebellion is as important as to preserve it from de-
struction by an invading Power; and the implied
means to accomplish that object are certainly as
clearly given in tjie former as in the latter case.
The power to declare war and repel invasion car-
ries with it, by clear implication, the right to pros-
ecute a war to the accomplishment of that objcct,
by all the means and in the manner recognized by
the laws of nations and of wqr. The right to grant
letters of marque and reprisal is given in express
terms, and yet so clearly is that power an inci-
dent to war, that had it not been mentioned m the
Constitution, it would nevertheless have been
within the power of Congress. Justice Story, in
lus opinion in the case of Brown vs. The United
States, (8 Cranch,) says:
" The power to declare war, in my opinion, includes nil
the powers incident to war, and necessary to carry it into
effect If the Constitution had been silent as to iettcis of
marque and captures, it would not have narrowed the au-
SSritv of Confess. The authority to grant letters of marque
and reprisal, and to regulate captures, are ordinaiy and ne-
cessary incidents to the power of declaring war.
And on thesubjectofimplied powers,Mr. Mad-
ison, in commenting on that portion of the Consti-
tution which declares that Congress shall have
power to make all laws necessary to carry into
execution the powers vested by the Constitution
in the Government of the United States, says:
"Had the Constitution been silent on this head, there can
be no doubt that al! the particular powers requisite as means
of executing the general powers would have resulted to the
Government by unavoidable implication. No axiom is
more clearly established in law or in reason, than that
wherever the end is required, the means are authorized;
wherever a general power to do a tiling is given, every par-
ticular power neccssary for doing it is included."
The doctrine of implied powers has also re-
ceived the sanction of the Supreme Court of the
United States. That court, in the ease of the
United States vs. Fisher et al., (2 Cranch,) de-
clares the law to be that "Congress must possess
the choice of means, and must be empowered to
use any means which are in fact conducive to the
exercise of a power granted by the Constitution."
It would seem that a proposition so consonant
with reason could not require further authorities
to sustain it.
Mr. Speaker, by this doctrine of implied power
when war is once declared by Congress, the right
and power follows to prosecute the war by all the
means known and recognized by civilized nations
to the accomplishment of the object for which it
was declared, and most prominent among these
means, as I have, I think, clearly shown, is the
right of confiscation of the property of the enemy.
The grant of power to suppress a war of insur-
rection is as ample and unlimited as the power to
declare war or repel invasion. The same means are
requisite, and the same force necessary, in the
former as in the latter case. The object to be
attained is the same, and equally important. If,
then, the right of confiscation exists in one case,
it certainly does in the other. War, in its fullest
extent does exist, and is indispensable to suppress
the present rebellion, and for the accomplishment,
of that object Congress may exercise all the legis-
lative power necessary to effect it; and in this, as
in other wars—and none have been, and I trust
never will be, more determined and extended than
this—the destruction of the enemies'commerce by
blockade and the confiscation of their property
are among the proper and necessary means to be
used for that purpose. Sir, we should not ignore
the startling facts which present themselves on
every side, but at once meet them with measures
commensurate with the object to be attained and
the exigencies of the times. No other Govern-
ment would hesitate, no other nation would fail
promptly to use this power, so clearly legitimate,
in an exigency like this. The history of nations
is replete with its exercise.
The learned writer on national law, Bynker-
shoek, ciles, with approbation, numerous cases in
which the property, both real and.personal, of
rebels engaged in civil war has been confiscated to
the State in common with that of foreign enemies;
and if any gentleman is curious to see the author-
ity to which I allude, I cite him to " Bynker-
shoek's Laws of War."
But, sir, we are not wholly without precedent
in our own country. In many of the colonies, in
that of Massachusetts in particular, as 1 recollect
the history of the early days of the Republic, the
goods and lands of those who adhered to the Crown
of Great Britain were confisciited, and the title by
which much real estate in that State is now held
springs from colonial confiscation laws.
It has been said, Mr. Speaker, that there are
provisions in the Constitution which are inconsist-
ent with this view of constitutional power, and
which limit the action of Congress in this regard.
Let us look for a moment and see if this is not
only an assumption of the opponents of the bill,
put forth to defeat it, rather than having any exist-
ence in fact. Foremostamong the provisions which
it is claimed limit the power of Congress, is the
following:
"No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law; nor shall private property be
taken for public use without ju t compensation."
The term " due process of law" is well under-
stood to mean a proceeding in the judicial tribu-
nals of the country. This, it is assumed, no one
will deny. If property cannot be taken without
the action of )udicial tribunals—and this I under-
stand to be the reasoning of those who deem this
measure unconstitutional—how can property be
seized in default of the payment of taxes levied
by the General Government ? In the mode^of col-
lecting taxes heretofore pursued by the Govern-
ment, and that embodied in the tax bill now before
the House, to which no one objects on the score of
unconstitutionality, there is not the semblance of
a trial eitherof the fact of the non-paymeiitof the
taxes,the right to seize the property, or any other
fact connected with thetransaction. Itwould seem
that the sticklers for a strict construction of the
Constitution, so strict in fact as to deprive the
Government of the necessary power of self-pres-
ervation, should find in this provision a limitation
on the power of Congress to authorize the seizure
of property for the non-payment of taxes. But
the answer to this proposition is, that by another
provision of the Constitution Congress has the
" power to lay and collect taxes." In this, how-
ever, there is no express grant of power to seize,
without trial, the property of a citizen, and unless
there is some implied power given to Congress to
adopt such means as it may think necessary to
carry into execution the general power to lay and
collect taxes, most clearly the citizen cannot be
deprived of his property because of the non-pay-
ment of his taxes without a due and regular hear-
ing in the courts of the country.
But, sir, I assume that every department of the
Government, judicial, legislative, and executive,
from the commencement of the Government, have
decided that the general power " to lay and collect
taxes" carries with it, by necessary implication,
the power in Congress to adopt such means as in
its judgment will best sccure the object of the gen-
eral grant of power, which is the collection of the
taxes levied; and thus alone on what may be
termed an implied power rests the constitution-
ality of the mode and method of collecting the
revenue of the country by taxation, and yet it is
as clear, well-defined, and certain, as any author-
ity on which we base our action. Precisely anal-
ogous is the principle that the general power to
declare war and suppress insurrections by the
armed power of the nation carries with it the
power to adopt such measures and means us Con-
gress may deem necessary to its accomplishment,
and the seizure and sale of property in one, and
the confiscation of property in the other case, are
the means that Congress may, and, with pro-
priety, should adopt. And I think I hazard noth-
ing in saying that on examination of the various
grounds assumed by those who deem this measure
m conflict with some provision of the Constitu-
tion, they will be found as untenable as the one
just referred to.
Mr. Speaker, I will conclude my remarks on
this branch of the subject by repeating that the
Constitution declares that we may suppress re-
bellion by the power of war. The courts decide
that confiscation of property is an incident to
the war power. I say, then, that Congress has
the right, under the Constitution, in order to sup-
press this rebellion, by the exercise of the war
power, to confiscate the property of our rebel en-
emies. In all this we see the wisdom of those who
shaped and fashioned the Government, and indi-
cated and defined its powers. They not only pro-
vided for its prosperity and the administration of
justice in time of peace, but provided for admin-
isteringall its power in time of war. They guarded
well the rights of loyal citizens, while they pio-
vided abundantly the power to protect itself against
a foreign foe or a traitorous rebellion; and we are
unfaithful to our constituents, untrue to the past,
unmindful of the future, and false to ourselves, if
we do not employ all the means committed to our
keeping to preserve intact the Constitution and the
entirety and perpetuity of the Union.
And now, sir, having considered the power of
Congress, I piopose fui a few moments to con-
sider the policy of the measure. In considering a
measure of this kind with a view to the policy of
adoptingit, it is important to consider the military
power, and the condition and mode of waifare of
the enemy whom it is designed to aflect. The mili-
tary strength of the enemy I have to some extent
considered. Their condition is such that seems to
point directly to this mode of procedure against
them. Unlike other belligerents, they have no rev-
enues or public property that may be sequestei ed;
all of that character of property now rightfully be-
longs to the Government. Hence the impossi-
bility of resorting to the confiscation ol public
property which is not unfi'equQntly resorted to to
cripple an enemy and to reimburse the expenses
