1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
wage the battle for the rights of man, and, if un-
successful, find a city of refuge here. United,they
know that we are powerful to defend our own,
and protect the rights of others; divided, our power
is gone, and w^become as feeble as the republics
in South America. They knosv that the political
exile, the captive in his dungeon, the soldier of
libei ty, whether on the summit of the Alps or in
its deep ravines, in the gloom of Hungary or
amid the desolations of Poland, are breathing forth
prayers that in this great battle the rights of man
may be victorious. They know if we are divided,
defeated, destroyed, the dust of centuries will
longer remain upon the throne of power; the
crown will rest more easy on the despot's brow;
and every tyrant grasp more finnly the scepter
which he wields. Let us disappoint them while
we frustrate the schemes of speculators counting
their gains, and politicians gambling for the suc-
cession by the half-opened grave of the Republic.
The dead past, from out the page of history, is
looking down upon us; the living present, throb-
bing with hope, trembling with fear, is looking
down upon us; the on-coming future, the echo
of whoso millions' footfalls in the corridors of
time we can almost hear, is looking upon, beck-
oning to us, and in silent prayer beseeching that
wc may be true to ourselves, to the great legacy
our fathers bequeathed, to the trust placed in our
hands to enjoy and transmit, not to tarnish and
destroy. By all the memories of the past; by all
the prospects of the present; by all the hopes of
the future, let us rid ourselves of the sappers and
miners at home; conquer this rebellion and sub-
due the traitors. Do you say we may not suc-
ceed? Then let us perish in the attempt. We
may vainly die for the land we cannot save. Then
be it so. Here let hope and liberty's farewell fight
be fought. The pale angel of the grave can at
least steer our ill-destined bark through the " gate
of tears."
'• Out (Mu^c may be betiayed,
()>u (If-ai-loveii coimtiv made
A land of c;viea>>-e^ and -lave^,
One dieaiy waMe of chains andgtavc?.''
We cannot, we dare not yield,;' while heaven
has light or earth lias graves."
<s No ; i.illiei houiek'fch 10am,
Where fieedom and om God may lead,
Than be the Meekest slave at home
That ci ouches to the conqueior's cieed.,>
No such dreadful fate can be ours if wc are only
true to humanity and the God who guides the
destinies of nations, the movements of armies, as
he does the sparrow in its fall. Hero wo make
our stand; five hundred thousand men, a wail of
human hearts, to guard the land wclove, the flag
we honor. If driven hence, even to the ocean and
the lakes, we there will stand
" Until the last ied blade be broken.
And the la-aairow in the quiver."
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 move that the further
consideration of this report be postponed until
Thursday of next week.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 ask the gentleman from
New Yoik to give way to me for a moment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania on my loft [Mr. Davis] tor a
personal explanation.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Sneaker, I unite entnely m
every denunciation by the honorable clianmanof
the committee. There is no gentleman on this
floor or in this country more earnestly desirous
than I am to bring to justice every man guilty of
fraud or ciime in "the report of this committee. I
have a pcisonal interest in bringing to justice one
gentleman thus charged. I desired to interrupt
the gentleman from New York for one moment m
order that I might ask him, ask the committee,
ask this House to unite with me in my efforts—thus
far in vain—to have one gentleman, who is here
charged with crime,arrested, court-martialed, and
—if the penalty be death, as 1 should vote it to
be—if he be found guilty, that he be condemned
and properly punished. That gentleman, sir, is
my brother, Captain Davis, assistant quarter-
master of the western department. He is here
charged with the crime of defrauding the Govern-
ment and the soldiers by certain acts of his. He
knew nothing of that charge until it was published
to the world. In the report of the committee he
found he was charged with " the grossest decep-
tion and fraud;" that his character was attainted;
and that he was a scoundrel—for such persons are
no more nor less than scoundrels. He anpii* d to
General Halleck for a court of inquiry. The an-
swer was: " My dear sir, there arc no charges
against you." It was referred to Washington.
Still there was no charge. I waited on the Sec-
retary of War, I waited on Quartermaster Meigs,
with my brother's request that he be arrested and
tried. He could obtain no hearing. He then
wrote to this committee, asking that it would unite
with me in obtaining a court of inquiry to estab-
lish his innocence or guilt. I have been before
that committee, after striving with them individ-
ually. I have failed in my purpose; yet members
have kindly heard me, and promised relief, yetit
has not come to me. I have gone from man to
man; did I ask of any to screen him? No, sir.
Strong in the assurance of his innocence, I asked
that he should be brought up and made an ex-
ample. 1 tell you, sir, that these reports are mere
waste paper unless they are followed up with due
punishment. This committee has done more to
injure the credit of the Government by publishing
these broadcast chargcs of fraud and corruption,
leading the world to believe that honesty had fled
the land, that the Government was the victim of
sharpers and peculators, and bringing no man to
punishment. No single thing that has occurred
since tins war has desolated the land has produced
a more serious effect upon the public confidence
than this seeming prevalence of crimc, yet immu-
nity from punishment for the criminal.
Let the House interpose to correct this evil in-
fluence. Recognizing the charges of its commit-
tee, let it institute investigation, condemnation, and
punishment, in prompt succession. If Captain
Davis be guilty, let this House unite with me in
having him brought before a court-martial, and
visited with the penaltyof the law. This will be
a step m the right direction, and will do much to
establish the credit of the Government. Since that
report has been published I have sat shamc-faccd
in the House because of these chargcs against one
of the same name and blood. One of the com-
mittee, from whom I demanded justice for my
brother, said: "My dear sir, it would cost the i
Government $500 to bring your brother here and .
give him a hearing*.Five hundred dollars to bring
him here that he may reestablish his lost reputa-
tion ! I say to that gentleman, and I say to any
#other, that my reputation is held of more woith
than my life; and that my brother's reputation is
to me more than any other's life. Therefore 1
rose to this point; and I hope that by some means
justice will be done. I am not acquainted with
the machinery of these things. I only speak as
a man who lias been wronged. I ask the House,
I ask the committee, 1 ask the piopcr military
authorities, that the charge may be investigated,
that if the man be guilty he may be punished,
and if innocent, as I know lum to be, that his inno-
cence may be made manifest.
All. SEDGWICK. I desire to renew the mo-
tion to postpone the further consideration of this
report, and, at the suggestion of gentlemen, I will
make the lime longer than I befoie suggested. I
will move that it bo postponed until one week from
Tuesday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for one moment?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I offer the following as ,m
amendment to be added to the fourth resolution.
The SPEAKER. One amendment is already
pending, submitted bvtlu- gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stuvuns,} to strike out the word
" through" and insert the word " from."
Mr. HOLMAN. I propose the following as
an additional resolution.
The SPEAKER. There is one amendment,
already pending, simply striking out one woid
and insulting another, and no other amendment
can be admitted at this time cxeept as an amend-
ment to that amendment,
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I give notice that I
will, whenever the opportunity occurs, ofn-r this
additional resolution, which I desire now to have
read for information. And now, for the purpose
of enabling me to oiFent before the matter is post-
poned, I will move the previous question upon the
pending amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will consider the amendment offered by the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, to strike out the
word " through," and insert in lieu thereof the
woid "fiom," as adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the amendment.
The SPEAKER, Then the question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question,
Mr. SEDGWICK. I decline to yield for that,
purpose.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me for a single moment, as a matter
due to the committee after the remarks of the gep-
tleman from Pennsylvania? I will be brief.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will withdraw the motion
to postpone for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I will detain the House but a
moment. I can appreciate,and I think every mem-
ber of the committee does, the sensitiveness of tlie
gentleman from Pennsylvania touching the repu-
tation of his brother, involved as it is in the report
of the committee. It does him credit. I am glad
to see him thus sensitive. I hope, however, he
will, as consistently as he can with regard to the
reputation of his brother, confine himself in the
statement he makes to what he knows, and be a
little careful that he docs no one else injustice.
The gentleman has stated here that this matter,
as it appears in the report, was without the knowl-
edge of his brother; that while the matter of this
transaction of his brother was being investigated
by the committee, his brother had no knowledge
of it whatever.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the first knowledge the
committee had of it was from the testimony of
that brother himself, taken before them. He came
before the committee and furnished us with cer-
tified copies of the papers that appear in cxtenso
in the report—not only certified copies, but certi-
fied by Captain Davis himself. It is claimed by
him and claimed by the gentleman that the com-
mittee have fallen into a mistake about these pa-
pers. Now, the papers were furnished by Cap-
tain Davis himself; and if he led the committcc
into an error by giving them as certified and true
copies that which proves not to be correct copies,
the committee are not to blame. The blame must
fall upon Captain Davis himself. But I under-
stand, injustice to Captain Davis, that the whole
complaint arises from the fact that there is an in-
accuracy—an alleged inaccuracy—m the copies
furnished to us certified by Captain Davis. That
I understand the gentleman in private confcrencc
with the committee to state. 1 believe I have no-
where heard, 1 do not know that any other mem-
ber of the committee has heard, anything else
except this, which is alleged to he a mistake.
Now, it may be a mistake. I submit that it
would be very easy to fall into such a mistake.
If it is a mistake, however, as i have said, the
fault lests solely with Captain Davis himself.
Now, my friend has said that he wanted Captain
Davis to appear again before the committee; that
he wanted the committee to send to St. Louis for
him and bring him here. The reply of the com-
mittee to that request was that if they have fallen
into an error it was the fault of Captain Davis
himself, and not their fault; and that if Captain
Davis will come here before the committee they
will gladly receive any explanation he may have
to make. Rut it can hardly be expected that we
shall send to St. Louis and bring him here to cor-
rect a mistake which lie himself had fallen into
by furnishing incoirect copies.
Air. Speaker, it is true that my friend has done
all that he could to have his brother court-mar-
tialed, to hav«* him tried by a legal military tribu-
nal. I respect and honor him for it; but the gen-
tleman could not find fault with the committee on
that account. The committee could not institute
any prosecution at all. We hud the testimony
before the authorities here at Washington, and it
was their duty to look into the matter. The com-
mittee cannot institute a comt-maitial. If they
could, they would have instituted more than one
before this time. \ do not know what conti oiling
leasou the military authorities mn v have why they
have not instituted a court-martial. The commit-
tee could only investigate. They hav«> taken their
testimony, and have laid it before the Department.
They leave the lesponsibility where it belongs—
with those who have the power to institute courts-
martial when and where they please.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to correct the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield.
Mr. DAYIS. I have stated that my_ brother
knew nothing of the charges arrayed against him
until they were published here. Now, in answer
