•2698.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Maryland, which had been seized by General Butler, were
Very aveisc to do their duty, and it was only by putting them
under a guard with revolvers, that they would proceed with
the vessel. After dragging her over the bar, the vessel
grounded on the outer &pit. About ten, p. m., information
having been brought off shortly after, that the channel out-
side the ship would be obstructed, k edges were laid out, and
it was endeavored to warp the ship over the spit, part of
the men being at the guns. The Maryland having been run
aground by her officers during the warping, a squall came
up and drove the ship ashore again. At daylight a steam-
tug, from Havre-de-Grace, came in sight, and was taken to
tow the ship out. She was then taken in tow by tlieR. R.'
Cuyler and brought to this port.
"Two companies of General Butler's regiment of Mas-
sachusetts volunteers, the Salem Zouaves, and part of the
Sappers, are on board, to protect the ship—one hundred
iften in all."
Extract from special brigade order No.21,signed hy General
jButler, dated Annapolis, April 22, 1861;
" The frigate Constitution has been for a long time at this
port, substantially at the mercy of the mob, which some-
times paralyzes the otherwise Joyal State of Maryland.
Deeds of daring, successful contests, and glorious victories
had rendered Old Ironsides so conspicuous in the naval
history of the country that she was fitly chosen as the school-
ship in which to train the future oflicersof the Navy to like
heroic acts."
" It was given to Massachusetts and Essex county first to
man her; it was reserved for Massachusetts to have the
honor to retain her for the service of the Union and the
laws.
"This i<? a sufficient triumph of right and a sufficient tri-
umph for us. By this the blood of our friends shed by the
Baltimore inob is in so far revenged. The eighth regiment
may hereafter cheer lustily on all proper occasions, but
never without orders. The old Constitution, by their efforts,
aided untiringly by the United States officers having her in
charge, is now safely ' possessed, occupied, and enjoyed'
by the Government of the United States, and is safe liom
all her foes."—Rebellion Book, p. 143.
1 have further extracts, but I will not consume
the time of the Senate in reading them. I will,
however, add to these a few sentences from the
special message of Governor Hicks to the Legis-
lature of Maryland, April 26, 1861:
"On Sunday morning lastldlscoveredthatadetnchment
of troops under command of Brigadier B. F. Butler had
readied Annapolis in a steamer, and had taken possession
of the praetico-<d>ip Constitution, which, during that day,
they succeeded in getting outside the harbor of Annapolis,
where she now lies. Alter getting the ship off, the steamer
laid outM'do our harbor, and wjw soon joined by anothci
steamer'having on hoard the seventh regiment from Now
York city.
" Biigadiei Geneial Butler addressed me, asking for per-
mission to land his foici's. It will be seen from the coire-
spondencc herewith submitted that 1 refused my consent.
The Mayor of Annapolis also protested. But both steamers
soon afterwards landed at the Naval Academy, and put off
tiie troops. Subsequently other large bodies oft mops reached
here in transports, and were landed. I was notified that the
troops were to be marched to Washington. They desired
to go without obstructions from our people; but they had
orders to go to Washington, and weie deteimined to go to
Washington. In furtheiance of their designs they took mil-
itary possession of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge lailioad, in
regaid to winch I fouvaided to BrigadierGeneral Butler the
protest, and received the reply herewith submitted. On
Wednesday morning the two detachments first landed took
up the line of march for Washington. The people at An-
napolis, though greatly exaspeiated, acting under the coun-
sel of the most prudent citizens, refiained from molesting
or obstructing the passage of the troops through the city."
The people of Annapolis were greatly exasper-
ated at troops marching through their city to the
defense of the capital, atid yet prudently—acting
under the counsel of the most prudent citizens—
they refrained from molesting or disturbing them!
"Seriously mipicssed with the condition of affairs, and
anxious to avoid a lepetition of events similar to those
which had transpired at Baltimore. 1 deemed it my duty to
make anotherappeal to the authorities at Washington. Ac-
cordingly I sent a special messenger to Washington, with a
dispatch to the Admnustiation, advising that no more troop-,
be sent through Maiyland ; that the troops at Annapolis he
sent elsewiieie, and mgmg that a truce bo ottered, with a
view of a peaceful settlement of existing difficulties by me-
diation. 1 suggested that Loid Lyon<, the British minister,
be requested to act as mediator between the contending
parties." >*•*•**** > a
"I honestly and most earnestly entertain the conviction
that the only .safety of Maryland'liesin pieseiving a neutral
position between our brethren ot the North and the South.
We have violated no rights of eithei section. We have
been loyal to the Union. The unhappy contest between the
two sections has not been fomented or encouraged by us,
although we have&uffeiedfiom it m the pa&t. The impend-
ing war has,not come by any act oi by any wish of oui We
have done all we could to aveit it. We have hoped that
Maryland and the other border States, by their conservative
position and love for the Union, might have acted medi-
ators between the extremes of both sections, and thu> have
prevented the terrible evils of a piolonged civil war."
I will read the Governor's letter to General
Butler:
State of BIa.ryi.and, Executive Chamef.ii,
Annapolis, Jipiit 20, 1801.
Silt: I would mont earnestly advi&o that you do not land
your men at Annapolis. The excitement here is very great,
and I think that you should take your men elsewhere. 1
have telegraphed to the Secretary of War, advising against
your landing your men here.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
TJffoMAS H. HICKS,
Governor of Maryland.
The Commander of the Volunteer Troops on board the
steamer.
Again:
- State op Maryland, Executive Chamber,
Annapolis, April ^2, 1$61.
Sir t 1 am in rcccipt of your two communications of this
date, informing me of your intention to land the men under
your command at Annapolis tor the purpose of marching
them thence to the city of Washington. I content myself
with protesting against this movement, which,in view of the
excited condition of the people of this State, I cannot but
consider an unwise step on the part of the Government.
But I mo3t earnestly urge upon you that there shall be no
halt made by the troops in this city.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS H. HICKS.
Brigadier General B. P. Butler.
And again:
State of Maryland, Executive Chamber,
Annapolis, April 23, 1861.
Sir : Having, in pursuance of the powers vested in me
by the constitution of Maryland, summoned the Legisla-
ture of the State to assemble on Friday, the 26th instant, and
Annapolis being the place in which, according to law, it
must assemble, and having been credibly informed that you
have taken military possession of the Annapolis and Elk
Ilidge railroad, I deem it my duty to protest against th is step,
because, without at present assigning any other reason, I
am informed that such occupancy of said road will prevent
the members of the Legislature from reaching the city.
THOMAS "£1. IIICKS.
Brigadier General B. F. Butler.
Itis but justice to General Butler thathis answer
should be read:
( Seal of the State of ?
£ Massachusetts. J
Headquarters Third Brioadk, *
United States Militia,
Annapolis, Maryland, April 23, 1861.
To his Excellency Thomas II. IJicks,
Governor of Maryland:
You arc credibly informed that I have taken possession
of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge raihoad. It might have es-
caped your notice, hilt at the official meeting between your
Excellency and the Mayor of Annapolis, and the authorities
of the Government and myself, it was expressly stated as
the reason why I should not land that my troops could not
pass the railroad because the company had taken up the rails,
and titoy were private pioperty. It is difficult to see how
it could be th.it if mytioop> could not pass over the raili oad
one way the members, of the Legi-Iatine could pa** the otJier
way. I have taken possesion for the purpose of pieveut-
mg the carrying out of the tlneats of the mob, as officially
leprc^ented to me by the master of tiansportation of this
city," that if my ti oops passed ovei the railroad, the raihoad
should be destroyed."
If the* government of the State had taken possession of the
railroad in any emergency, I should have long waited before
I entered upon it. But, as. I had the honor to inform your
Excellency m regard to insurrection against the laws of Ma-
iyland, 1 am heic aimed to maintain tlioac laws, if your
Excellency desires, and the peace of the United States,
against all disoideilypersons whatever. I am endeavoung
to save, and not to destroy ; to obtain means of transporta-
tion, so f can vacate the capital piior to the sitting of the
Lcgislatuic,and not be under the painful necessity of occu-
pying your beautilul city while the Legislature is in session.
I have the honor to be your E vcHlenc.v's obedient seivant,
B. F. BUTLER, Brigadier General.
But the most remaikablc document, showing
the disposition of the municipal authorities of Bal-
timoic, is referred to in the following article from
the National Intelligencer, January 23, 1861:
" Extra Municipal Expenses of Baltimore.—A very inter-
esting dot umcnt hasju«i been laid bcfoic the City Council of
Baltimore, inanswei to a call made upon the acting mayor.
The document is a lift of the expenses lncuired by the city
in the attack upon the soldiers passing through for the de-
fence of the capital on the 19th ot Apnl last. One of the load-
ing charges is $7,720 1'or1 guns.' Hall's rifles weie bought
tothe anionntof.^2,910,and other uflescosting$1,220. Bo-
Mih-s this theic weie charges for iiun-caruagcs, pikes, and
revolvers, most of these aims now being in all probability
within the contedeiaie lines. The 'sundries,' however,
contain the spice ot the document. For hacks and hoises
Baltimore paid almost as much as Bos-ton doa on the 4th
of July; telegraphic dispatches stand tor a pretty figure ;
then tiieie is 4 To J. T. Pieison, tluee meab and seven gal-
lon's of ale to Fredeuch City company, §30 50;' this being
the company summoned bj iclegiaph to Mat-dial Kane The
coolest charges, however, aic ' To I. Hitch, relteshments
for bridge-bumeis ;"ToT. Land is, omnibus bv Kane, >$45
1 To Fusselbauqh, spints of tm pentme, by Kane, $16 50
these being the expenses incuired in burning the laihoad
budges. The Baltimore Clipper aptly sa} s that tills cbaig$ 
reminds one of the Frenchman who wanted to run a man
thiough with a hot poker; objection being made, Mr. Cra-
peau wi.-hed at least to be paid for his tiouble in heating the
poker.
Mr. KENNEDY. May I ask my friend from
what paper ho gets that.5
Mr. ANTHONY. The National Intelligencer
of January 23. 18G1.
Mr. KENNEDY. An 01 iginal article, or taken
from any other paper -
Mr. ANTHONY. These are in quotation
marks: " To J. T.Piertson, three meals and seven
gallons of ale to Frederick City company, $33 50."
" To Fusselbaugh, spirits of turpentine, by Kane,
$16 50."
Mr. KENNEDY. I did not ask as to the items,
but merely where that article comes from. It pur-
ports to be from the National Intelligencer, but I
hardly presume it is an original article there. I
should like to know from what authority it is
taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is an original article,in
the National Intelligencer. It is in editorial type,
and it is founded on a city document which I nave
endeavored to obtain but have failed to do so.
Mr. KENNEDY. You do not know what pa-
per it is taken from.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is original in the National
Intelligencer, an editorial article.
Mr. KENNEDY. It does not refer to the au-
thority from which it is taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. It refers to the document
itself. It comments on " a very interesting doc-
ument has just been laid before the City Council
of Baltimore."
Mr. KENNEDY. From the acting mayor of
Baltimore at that time, I believe it is stated.
Mr. ANTHONY. " In answerto a call made
upon the acting mayor."
Such, Mr. President, is the custody to which
we are invited to restore the Naval Academy.
Mr. GRIMES. Baltimore?
Mr. ANTHONY. Annapolis. I have read
extracts relating to both cities. Such is the cus-
tody to which we are invited to restore the Naval
Academy; this is the population in the midst of
which we are advised to intrust this great estab-
lishment. I will not deny that it is in the power
of the Government to maintain it there or at any
other point where it might be advisable to estab-
lish it. We could establish it and maintain it at
Charleston if we thought that the interests of the
Government demanded such a location, either for
the good of the academy or for an example to a
nest of traitors. But I submit that it is best to
place such an institution where it will need no
defense, where the loyalty of the people does not
depend upon the result of an election, and where
popular violence can be suppressed without the
aid of armed forces from without the State. And
if the establishment of it be a favor to the com-
munity in which it is placed, as the competition
for it shows, then that favor is due not to those who
once drove it away, but to those who, abandoning
all their peaceful avocations and all their private
interests, at the first summons of their country
came hundreds of miles to its defense.
In selecting the place for the permanent estab-
lishment of the academy, we should take into
consideration not only the natural advantages of
the situation, the excellence of the harbor, the sa-
lubrity of the climate, the convenience of access,
the capability of defense, and similar considera-
tions, in most of which Newport is unequaled,
and in all of which she is unsurpassed; we should
also regard the social influences which are to sur-
round the young men to whom we intrust the honor
of the American flag, on the seas. The influences
that fostered the treason which a year ago was
rampant at Annapolis are not those under which
young men should be educated for the public ser-
vice; nor should we incur the slightest risk that
any sudden outbreak of treason might place them
in the hands of our enemies, and make them host-
ages in the camp of rebellion.
If, among all the places where the waters touch
the land, there is one which was designed by na-
ture for a great naval establishment, that place is
the harbor of Newport. To enumerate its ad-
vantages would be to repeat all the conditions that
are required for such an establishment. Its broad
extent would hold in security the navies of the
world; its entrance is closed by no winds that blow
from whatever quarter; the lines of railroad and
of internal water communication connect it by
routes, secure from any enemy, with New York,
Boston, and Providence. There is nowhere bet-
ter anchorage; the supplies of fresh water are
abundant and unfailing, and a martial and patri-
otic population crowd around the spot, and at the
first note ofdanger to the American flag would rally
witli a very different puipose from that which act-
uated the mob which surrounded the Naval Acad-
emy and threatened the frigate Constitution when
the standard of secession was raised in the South.
Indeed, when we look at the advantages which
