1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of IteSel Property—Mr. Thomas.
cation of property) under the Saw of nations and
under the Constitution of tile United States, and
then to say a word upon their policy.
The positions assumed by the friends of these
measures are, that wo may deal with those en-
gaged m this rebellion as public enemies and as
tiaitors; that regarding them as enemies, we may
use against them all the powers granted by the
law of nations; and viewing them as rebels or trai-
tors, we may use against them all the powers
granted by the Constitution; and that in either
view, these bills can.be sustained.
Dealing with them as public enemies, it is said
that under the existing law of nations we have a
clear right to confiscate the entire private property
on the land as well as the sea, real and personal,
of those in arms, and of non-combatants who may
in any way give aid and comfort to the rebellion.
This first bill sweeps over the whole ground. 1
deny the proposition, Mr. Speaker. Inthe name
of that public law whose every humane sentiment
it violates; in the name of that civilization whose
amenities it forgets and whose progress it over-
looks; in the name of human nature itself whose
better instincts it outrages, I deny it. Such is not
the law of nations.
To give a plausible aspect to the proposition, the
advocates of this bill have gone back to Grotius
and to Bynkershoek for the rules of war, and even
then have omitted to give what Grotius calls the
tempei&menta, or restraints upon the rules. You
might as well attempt to substitute the code of
Moses for the beatitudes of the Gospel. Anything
can be established by such resort to the authori-
ties. By the older writers you can prove not only
that all the property of the vanquished may be
taken, but that every prisoner may be put to death.
By Grotius I can show that all persons taken in
war are slaves, and that this is the lot even of all
found within the enemy's boundaries when the
war broke out; that this iron rule applies not to
men only, but to their wives and children; nay,
further, that the master has over the slaves the
power of life and death. (De Jure Belle et Pacts,
book 3, chap. 7, sees. 1, 2, and 3.) I cite a short
passage from the chapter referred to:
" The effects of this right are unlimited, so that the mas-
ter may do anything lawfully to the slave, as Seneca eays.
There is no suffering winch may not be inflicted on such
slaves with impunity; no act which may not in any man-
ner be commanded or extorted ; so that oven ciuelty in the
masters, towards peisons of servile condition, is unpun-
ished, except so far as the civil law imposes limns and pun-
ishments for cruelty. In all nations alike, says C.uus, we
may see that the masters have the power of life and death
over slaves. He adds afterwards that by the Roman law
limits were set to this power, that is, on Roman ground.
So Donatus in Terence,4 what is not lawful from a' master
to a slave ?' "
By Bynkershoek you may establish that the
conqueror has over the vanquished the power of
life and death, and the power of selling them into
slavery; that everything is lawful in war; the use
of poison and the destruction of the unarmed and
defenseless. (Law of War, Duponceau's trans-
lation, pp. % 18, 39, 20.)
But what then, Mr. Speaker? Does any man
suppose that these writers give us the laws of war
as upheld, sanctioned, and used by the Christian
and civilized States of to-day? Nothing would bo
further from the fact. Commerce, civilization,
Christian culture, have tempered and softened the
rigor of the ancient rules; and the State which
should to-day assume to put them in practice
would be an outcast from the society of nations.
Nay, more, they would combine, and rightfully
combine, to stay its hand. For the modern law of
war, you must look to the usages of civilized
States, and to the publicists who have explained
and enforced them. Those usagesconstitutethcm-
selves the laws of war.
In relation to the capture and confiscation of
private property on the land, I venture to say,
with great confidence, and after careful examina-
tion, that the rcsultof the whole matter has never
been better stated than by our own great publicist,
Mr. Wheaton: -
u But by the modern usages of nations, which lias now
acquired the force of Jaw, temples of religion, public edi-
fices devoted to civil ptu poses only, monuments of ai t. and
repositories of science, are exempted fiom the general oper-
ations of war. Private property on land is aho exempt
from confiscation, with the exception of sucli as may be-
come booty in special cases, when taken fioui enemies in
the field or in besieged towns, and of militaiy eontiibutions
Ho. of Reps.
levied upon the inhabitants of the hostile territory. This
exemption extends even to the case of an absolute and un-
qualified conquest of the enemy's country."—Klemciitsof
International Lam, p. 421. "
It is not too much to say that no careful student
of international law will deny that this passage
from Mr. Wheaton fairly expresses the modern
usage and law upon the subject; but you will per-
mit me to refer for a moment to the doctrine stated
by my illustrious predecessor, whose name has
been so often invoked in this debate, John Gluincy
Adams. " Our object," he says, in a letter to the
Secretary of State, " is the restoration of all the
property, including slaves, which, by the usages
of war among civilized nations,.ought not to have
been taken.*' (< All private property on shore was
of that description. It was entitled by the laws of
war to exemption from capture." (Mr. Adams
to the Secretary of State, August 22,1815.)
Again, he says, in a letter to"Lord Castlereagh,
February 17, 1816:
" But as by the same usages of civilized nations private
property is not the subject of lawful capture in war upon
the land, it is perfectly clear that in every stipulation pri-
vate property shall be respected, or that upon the restoration
ot places during the war, it shall not be carried away."—
4 American State Papers, pp UG, 117,122, 123
A volume might be filled with like citations from
modern writers. I will content myself with per-
haps the latest expression, and from a great states-
man, a native of Massachusetts, and of my own
county of Worcester:
* "The prevalence of (JInistianity and the piogress of civ-
ilization have greatly mitigated the seventy of the ancient
mode ofprosecutinghostilkies." * * * * '-'It
is a generally received lule of modern warfaie, so far at
least as operations upon land arc concerned, that the per-
sons and effects of non-combatant*) are to be respected. The
wanton pillage or uncompensated appropriation of individ-
ual propeity by an a?my even in possession of an enemy's
country, is against the usage of modern time*. Such a pro-
ceeding at this day would be condemned by the enlightened
judgment of the woild, unless wananted by paiticular cn-
cumstances. Evciy consideration winch uphold* this con-
duct in regaid to a war on land lavois the application of the
same rule to the peisons and property ot citizens of the bel-
ligerents found upon the ocean."—Mr. Marcyto the Count
de Sartiges, July 28, 1656.
Such I believe to be the settled law and usage
of nations. A careful examination of the argu-
ments made on this subject has served but to
strengthen and deepen this conviction.
I do not forget, Mr. Speaker, that the case of
Brown vs. The United States, (8 Crunch, 110,) has
been often referred to in this debate as affirming
the contrary rule. The points decided in that case
I have before stated to the House. The points,
the only points, decided were that British property
foufid m the United States on land, at the com-
mencement of hostilities, (war of 1812,) could not
be condemned as enemy's property withoutari act
of Congress for that purpose, and that the declara-
tion of war was not sufficient. Gentlemen have
referred to the obiter dicta, the discussions of the
judges, as the decision of the court. The distinc-
tion is familiar and vital, but has been lost sight
of in this debate. Only the points necessarily in-
volved in the result constitute the decision. Let
me illustrate the matter by a familiar case, that of
Dred Scott. It is the matter outside of the decis-
ion, whata distinguished jurist has called the slop-
ping over of the court, that was so fruitful in mis-
chief. The point decided by the majority of the
court was that Dred Scott was not a citizen of
Missouri, so as to be able to maintain an action in
the courts of the United States upon the ground of
such citizenship. Under the conflicting decisions in
the courts of Missouri, I have always thought that
case might have been decided either way without
attracting public attention or animadversion. All
that was said outside of that point has no more
legal foice than the paper on which it was written.
Use the sayings of the judges in that case as they
have used those in Brown vs. The United States,
and you can establish the rightful existence of
slavery in the Territories, the invalidity of the Mis-
souri compromise, and, God only knows, how
many other errors in history and law. Treat what
is said by the majority of the court outside of the
point decided as argument—and it is nothing more
—and slavery in theTerritoriesis withoutany legal
prop or support. And 1 may say, in passing, Mr.
Speaker, there never was in my judgment a plaus-
ible argument oven to establish the power and
right of the master to take his slave into the Ter-
ritories and hold him in servitude. Slavery exists
by local law and usage only, it has no extra ter-
ritorial power. The moment the slave, with the
consent of the master, is taken beyond the line of
the place where the law tolerates its existence, the
chains fall from his limbs. Property in the slave
there may be by local municipal law, but not by
the law of nature and of nations, not by that uni-
versal, immutable law ot which Cicero speaks so
divinely in the Republic. May I give theLatin, Mr.
Speaker? '(JVcc erit alia lex RomK^liaJlUienis,alia
nunc, aliaposthac; sed et omncs gentes et omni tem-
pore una lex et sempitcrna et immtUabilis continebit,*9
Nobler thought in nobler words never fell from
human hps or pen.
^ But I return from this digression to say, Mr.
Speaker, that the distinction sought to be estab-
lished by the passages cited trom the discussions,
in the ease ot Brown vs. The United States, be-
tween the law of war anil the mitigations of that
law which the usages of modern nations have in-
troduced, has no foundation in principle. It is in
the usages of civilized and Christian jjations that
we are to seek the law of nations. As the law-
mercliant has grown up from the usages of trade
and commerce, so lias the modern law of nations
grown up from the usages of enlightened States.
The ancient barbarous rules of war have been tem-
pered and softened by commerce, by the arts, by
diffused culture, and, more than all, by the spirit
of the Gospel; and all Christian States lecognize
with joy and with obedience the milder law. In
the jurisprudence of nations, as in our own, there
is one law felt above all others, the law of pro-
gress. Apparently at rest, it is ever silently mov-
ing onward, quickened, purified,and illumined by
(he inspiration of that higher law, " whose seat
is the bosom of God, and its voice the harmony
of the world." The great, prophetic thought of
Pascal may yet he realized—" Deux lain sujjiscnt
pour reglcv la rcpubllque chietlennc, micux que
toules les lois poliliques: I'amour de Dim, cl ccluida
prnchaiv
1 do not know that I can more fitly conclude
what I can say, in the brief time allotted to me, on
the capture and confiscation of the private prop-
el ty of rebels, viewed 111 the light of international
law, than in the words of John Maishall, near the
close of his judicial life:
" It limy lint tie imwoittiy et leinaik that it is very uti-
usual, oven in ease* of conquest, I'oi the oonqucn>r to do
more than to displace the s-ovciemn and a-suine dominion
over the countiy. The modern usage of nations, which lias
become law''—
mark thu woids,Mr. Speaker, " the modern usage
of nations, which has become law"—
c: would be violated, that sense of jtisLu e and ofi i«ht which
is acknowledged nnd felt by the whole civilized world
would he outraged, if private property should bo generally
confiscated and private lights annulled. The people change
their allegiaiiec; their relation to their ancient sovereign
is dissolved; hut their idatioiis to each other and their
rights of property remain undisturbed. Jf tin* be the modern
ink-, oven in cases of conquest, who can doubt its appli-
cation to the case of an amicable cession of territory r'1—
United Stales vs. Perchcman, 7 Peters, 51.
It is against the light of these considerations
and authorities, and against the prevailing law
and judgment of the Christian world, that it has
been so often confidently, I will not say flip-
pantly, asserted on this floor that there could be
no doubt of our power, undei the law of nations,
to seize and confiscate the entire property of the
rebels, as public'enemies.
I pass to the second branch of the subject, our
power under the Constitution to pass these bills.
It has been often said, in the course of this debate,
and in terms without qualification, that the rebels
hold to us the twofold iclation of enemies and
traitors, and that we may use against them all the
appliances of war and all the penalties of muni-
cipal law. To accitain limited extent the propo-
sition is sound. Treason consists in levying war
against the United States. The act of treason is
an act of war, and you use the powers of war to
meet and subdue traitors in arms against the Gov-
ernment.
It is also true that, in the relations between the
Government and its subjects, the rightful power
of punishment docs not necessarily cease with the
war; but is it also true that you can cxercise both
powers at the same time? And is not here the
utter fallacy of this whole argument? Take an
example. You have been accustomed to exchange
flags of truce; you have recognizcd, to a certain
