1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2699
Newport offers for a naval establishment, it seems
almost an insult to nature that it should have been
constantly overlooked in favor of inferior places,
or places superior only in political considerations.
1 think that such considerations are no longer to
prevail to the injury of the public service. I hope
that the school will not be hastily removed, still
less removed by indirection, but that there will be
a full examination of all the places proposed for it,
and a deliberate selection controlled only by a re-
gard for the best interests of the academy and the
service.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I unite with the Senator
from Rhode Island in opposing this amendment.
I think it is an inopportune time to appropriate a
sum of money to refit and reestablish the Naval
Academy at Annapolis. I should greatly prefer,
as he seems to prefer, that a commission should be
raised to examine the relative advantages of differ-
ent sites in the country; but I do not unite with
him in the main reason which he assigns for the
refusal of this appropriation, which is that the Na-
val Academy may lie retained in its present posi-
sition at Newport, for, although the Senator, with
the brush of a Claude Lorraine, has painted in the
most glowing colors this town of Newport, as
combining all the advantages that Heaven has be-
stowed upon any place to be found on the face of
the globe, yet, in my humble view of the case, there
has been a much more desirable location suggest-
ed for the Naval School, and that is to be found
within the borders of the modest li ttle State of New
Jersey at Perth Amboy, which it is supposed, and
which I had supposed until I heard the very glow-
ing statement of the Senator from Rhode Island,
possessed superior ad vantages to Newport. Under
these circumstances I shall oppose the proposed
amendment, with the hope that there may be a
commission raised and that that commission will
eventually settle upon Perth Amboy, which has
been recommended by the Legislature of our State
and by a very large and respectable body of com-
mercial and other men in New Jersey and other
States of this Union, and particularly of the city
of New York, who are familiar with the advant-
ages of Perth Amboy, knowing as they well do
that it is superior in loration, in climate, and in all
other essentials to Newport, for such a purpose.
Mr. FOSTER. I unite with the Senator from
Rhode Island and the Senator from New Jersey
in opposing the amendment, and though I am not
now about to take up any time of the Senate, 1
will say that while the Senator from Rhode Island
and the Senator from New Jersey are no doubt
speaking justly, to a certain extent, when they
speak of the advantages of the several situations
advocated by them for the establishment of the
Naval School, 1 think it will be found, on full exam-
ination, that after all, the harbor of New London,
Connecticut, is the proper place for the estab-
lishment of this school. It lies between the po-
sition selected by my friend from Rhode Island,
and that selected by my friend from New Jersey,
and, as in other cases, truth lies between the ex-
tremes. New London is unquestionably the place.
All that the Senator from Rhode Island has so
beautifully said m regard to his own harbor of
Newport may be said of New London, and there
are some advantages in New London that do not
belong to Newport. The insular position of New-
port cuts it off rather too much from the main land,
and there are various other advantages which, if
it were not' now occupying the time of the Senate
improperly, 1 could show belong to New London,
where I trust the school will finally be fixed.
Mr. HALE. If I understood the Senator from
Rhode Island, he spoke of this being an indirec-
tion and a sudden move of the committee, without
any recommendation from the President or the
Secretary of the Navy, and he said thatif there was
any thing of that sort he would submit. 1 want to
say that the Naval Committee in this matter have
not acted hastily, and have not acted without much
and earnest conference with the Secretary of the
Navy, both verbally and in writing; and I beg
leave to lead to the Senate a letter received from
the Secretary of the Navy upon this subject, in
answer to a communication addiesscd to him by
direction of the Naval Committee, and I especially
beg the attention of the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and to it:
Navy Department, Jlyiil -4, 186:2.
Sir: I have the honoi toaeknowledgetlieieeeiptofjour
letter of lite ~d iiij-tant reieriing to the icplv ot l)opai t-
ment to the revolution of the Senate ot the 13th ultimo, and
inquiring "the intention of the Secretary of the Navy in
regaid to the location of the Naval Academy in the absence
of any legislation by Congress on that subject;" desiring
specific information for the guidance of the committee, and
stating that in their opinion " the academy, in the absence
of any legislation, is legally fixed at Annapolis, wlien the
necessity foe its temporary withdiawal fiom there ceases."
In my communication of the 19th ultimo, I stated ihatthe
necessity which led to the removal no longer exited; that
"the airangement at Newport will continue until June,
unless otherwise otdered. At that time the occupancy of
the buildings at Annapolis can be resumed, provided it is
the intention of Congress to reestablish the institution per-
manently at that place."
The institution being legally fixed at Annapolis, and the
necessity of its withdrawal having ceased, theie is no altern-
ative for the Department, after the expiration of the ar-
rangement at Newport, but to resume the occupancy of the
buildings and grounds at Annapolis. These, however, are
now in the occupancy of the troops, to whom notice must
be forthwith given of the intention of the Government to
resume the possession of the place for academic purposes.
Itis understood that the building-grounds, and propcity
have been so much injured that a large expenditure will be
necessary to restore them to the purposes for which ihey
were designed. I would therefore recommend an appro-
priation of $30,000 for restoiing to proper condition the
property dedicated to the Naval School at Annapolis, and
for the necessary expense of returning the institution to
that place.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. Johv P. Hale, Chairman of the Committee on Naval
«Affairs, United States Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the chairman will
admit that this letter of the Secretary was written
in reply to a letter from the Naval Committee,
which, it seemed to me singularly, but I suppose
it was proper, informed the Secretary, not by di-
rection of the Senate, but of their own motion,
that, in their opinion, the Naval Academy was
legally located at Annapolis, thereby inviting him
to make this recommendation, which otherwise
he would not have made. I think the chairman
of the committee will bear witness to the truth of
what I declare when I say that the Secretary of
the Navy is satisfied with the academy where it
is, and thinks, or did think until he received the
communication from the Naval Committee, that
it is best not to remove it.
Mr. GRIMES. Docs the Senator from Rhode
Island make that statement of his own knowledge?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do.
Mr. GRIMES. That the Secretary of the Navy
is opposed to putting the school back to Annap-
olis ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; I do notsay that. The
Secretary of the Navy leaves the question with
Congress; but the Secretary of the Navy would
not, of his own motion, propose to remove it at
present.
Mr. HALE. It will be found, by reference to
the written communication of the Secretary of the
Navy to Congress at the beginning of the session,
that he tnnk then precisely the same ground that
he has taken in this letter; and everything the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island suggests in regard to the
letterappears upon the face ot'it, to wit: thatit was
m answer to a letter of the committee.
Now, sir, a single word about this matter. It
may seem a trifle, but I think it is not entirely so.
If I have any private feelings in regard to this
question they are with New England;and Ishould
desire, if it could be done with justice and con-
sistency, that the Naval Academy should he lo-
cated in one of our New England cities, either in
New London or Newport, or some otherof those
beautiful towns that are the resort of the fashion of
the country in the summer season. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, candor compels me to say—and I say it
from no unkind feelings, for I entertain none—that
I think of all the places in the United States for a
Naval Academy, Newpoit is the very worst. I
have received letters from young gentlemen who
are now being educated there, stating their incon-
veniences and what they suffer trom being there,
and stating further that the temptations to dissi-
pation there are such that several young men who
are being educated at the school have become
drunkards, though they had never indicated any
fondness for dissipation or any liability to it when
they were at Annapolis. Newport, as it is well
known, is the resort of the most fashionable so-
ciety during the visiting season that there is in the
United States. I never was at Newport in my
life, except as I have gone hy it on the Fall rivet
route between Boston and New York, and passed
there going and coming: but I never was in^the
town to stay. I believe that everything the Sen-
ator says of its locality is true; but it is well
known to every member of the Senate that it isa
place more frequented by the fashionable people—
people that go thereto spend their money during
tho summer months in show, in parties, in balls,
in dissipation, and extravagances of all kinds,
than any other place, so that there is not a town of
its size in the United States that is equal to New-
port in these respects; and it seems to roe that if
there be a place in the United States where you
should not put these young men, it is Newport;
and they themselves have remonstrated against
being there, subject to these temptations.
But again, sir, why should the school be left at
Newport? The Senator speaks of restoring the
academy at Annapolis. Why, sir,itisat Annap-
olis now by law—temporarily absent from there
because the necessity and the emergencies of the
country required it to be removed; but those emer-
gencies and that necessity, as the Secretary now
tells you, have already ceased, and therefore there
is no alternative but to carry it back to Annapo-
lis, if the law is to be carried out. But the hon-
orable Senator says that he hopes political consid-
erations will never be brought to bear upon the
location of such an institution as this. Sir, wo
cannot keep them out of sight if wo would. There
are two of these institutions in the country, one
for the education of young men for the Army and
the other for the Navy. That for the education
of young men for the Army is at West Point, in
the State of New York, and almost on the very
eastern border of New York, lying substantially
between New England and New York. Itis there
in that central position in the northern States. To
carry out something like justice to the different
localities of the Union, Annapolis, situated not in
the extreme South, but in the State of Maryland,
was selected for the Naval Academy; and it seems
to me thatwhateverofbenefittbere is to bederived
from the location of these national institutions for
the educating of young men should be distributed
over the country, and should not be gathered all
into one, and that the extreme eastern section of
the Union. It would be unwise, and would have
an evil tendency at this time to undritake, by force
of law, to remove it from Annapolis to Newport.
I think that every consideration of patriotism
requires that it should be left at Annapolis.
1 am not going into a controversy with the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island 111 regard to the
condition of Maryland, and the state of things
there a year ago. Willi all that the honoiable
Senator has lead from the messages of Governor
Hicks, and ahhough the course whieh he took
was not to be defended at all times and under all
circumstances, I think itis the unanimous opinion
of everybody who knows the history ol'Governor
Hicks that, to say the least of it, he was a decided,
firm, honest friend of the Union, even if the meas-
ures that he advised were not always those which
our judgments would approve. And, sir, I think
that there is something of policy, of a high policy,
and of a generous policy, to be pursued by this
Government at this time in regard to the State of
Maryland. Maryland, when the question was
brought to bcrpeople at the polls, rallied, and with
a tremendous voice, a voice which sent a thrill of
joy to every Union heart throughout the country,
ranged herself by an uncounted majority on the
side of the Union.
Mr. KENNEDY. Twice—at two elections.
Mr. HALE. Yes, by repeated elections she •
has given her voice in thunder tones on the side
of the Union, and in that way has imparted a
moral strength to the Union cause which is not to
be calculated by the more amountofphysical force
which she has brought to the field. The fact that
Maryland, a slave State, connected by business,
by railroads, and by social connections with the
great State of Virginia, and with the slave States,
has, by the decisive declarations of her citizens
at the polls rallied on the side of the Union, has
done more to give strength and vigor and confi-
dence to the Union feeling in this country than the
achievement of any victory that we have yet won
by our arms. Yes, sir, the most decisive Union
victories we have had on sea or land have been
those which have been achieved by the patriotic
sons of Maryland at the ballot-box: and it would
be ungenerous and ungrateful and impolitic at
the present time to take away from her this insti-
tution which she has had at Annapolis so long,
simply because many of her citizens behaved
badly at a time when ruin stared her in the face,
