2700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
and Governor Hicks, who was one of our friends,
did not take the most provident and the most
proper course that our judgments would have
dictated.
Again, sir, I think that the location of Annapolis
itself, independent of its local influences and its
connection with Maryland, is one that is eminent-
ly wise for such an institution. It is a place not
insulated, not an island, but it is substantially cut
off from connection with any fashionable resort
such as is to be found at Newport, It is a retired
place; it is arc old place; it has a beautiful bay; the
building* are already there; and sq far as conven-
ience is concerned, it seems to me it is not to be
exceeded by any place; and besides that, I speak
advisedly when i say. that it is the wish of the most
judicious young men that are at the academy, who
have been at both places, at Annapolis and at New-
port, that the. institution should be returned to An-
napolis where it was taken fiorn. It is at Newport
by a mere accident; it is at Newport simply and
solely because in a moment of alarm and trepida-
tion the Secretary had to select some place, arid he
selected a place, as my friend well says, sound and
true upon the great questions that agitate the coun-
try. But before I sit down I will say this; I do
not want the Naval Academy removed to Ports-
mouth, in the State of New Hampshire, but I tell
you that if all that has been said in favor of New-
port, of New London, and of Perth Amboy were
added togetherand multiplied by two, Portsmouth
would excel them infinitely then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do not forget Portland.
Mr. HALE. Portland would not be a bad
place, either. Portsmouth is the oldest navy-yard
in the United States. It has the deepest water
there is to be found in the United States, and it
never freezes over.. There is an average depth
along the wharves there and on Seavoy's island
ad joining the navy-yard, greater than at any other
point on our coast. There is not a place anywhere
equal to it. I venture to say that if a commission
weio instituted to examine this continent and find
the best place for the location of a Naval Academy,
they could not find a better place than Portsmouth
or the island m Portsmouth haibor, whether with
a view to the depth of water, the salubrity of the
climate, or the sound political principles and pa-
triotic, sentiments of the locality; but 1 do not ask
you to go there, because otherand higher consid-
erations control me, and these considerations in-
dicate to me that the academy ought to be where
it is established by law, and that is at Annapolis.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to say a very few
words, sir; I do not intend to make a speech even
upon this question. The opposition to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Naval Affairs is so
manifestly unjust, and'so entirely at variance with
every principle of right, that it must he apparent
to the Senate I think, without the aid of any views
which 1 may present.
This school was established and located at An-
napolisafter mature investigation by a competent
hoard, who examined the various sites proposed.
It was established at Annapolis, mid buildings
have been erected and additions to the grounds
made at an expense amounting altogether, I be-
lieve, to some seven hundred and fifteen thousand
dollars, jt has answered all the purposes of a
Naval School,and it has until now met with no op-
position. It seems Jo me improper for gentlemen
to rise in their places heie and take udvnntnge of
the unfortunate situation of the times and of the
circumstances that surround us, to propose the
permanent removal of the school to some other
point; and especially when they use arguments
which I will hardly be so discourteous ns> to say
arc selfish and sectional, butarc manift st!y unjust
to the rights of other States as well as to the in-
terest of the country itself. 1 was not in the
Chamber when the Senator from Rhode Island be-
gan his remarks; but 1 undeisiaud that no objec-
tion has been presented against the continuance
of this school at Annapolis upon the giound of the
unfitness of that location, hut solely upon the
charge of disloyalty in the State of Maryland. A
reply to that argument I held to be utterly un-
worthy of the position I occupy upon this floor
to-day. If after all that State has done, if after
all that Governor Hicks, the Governor whom the
gentleman assailed, has done, it is determined and
decid< d here that Maryland is not yet ttue to the
Constitution and the laws, I am content hereafter
to hold my peace on this floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that if he had been in his seat when I com-
menced my remarks, he would have seen that I
did nor assail Governor Hicks; I merely read from
his messages toshowhoweven k<abravo, true,and
loyal" man had bent to the storm. Those were
the words I used.
Mr. KENNEDY. The gentleman alluded to
the position ofGovernor Hicks at the bieaking out
of this unfortunate and unhappy rebellion. Sir, I
stood by Governor Hicks in those early days, and
it was a question of policy with us to get posses-
sion of the State that had been suddenly wrested
from us; and we advised and asked thath suspen-
sion of the transportation of troops through Bal-
timore might be made for a few days, until we
could regain the power of the State. I had an in-
terview accorded to me by the President; I was
here upon the day after the 19ih of April, lb61.
I telegraphed to the President that i desired to see
him; I came by an express tram; and at that in-
terview, I represented the true condition of things,
that a mob had risen suddenly in the city of Bal-
timore without any knowledge whatever of the
loyal citizens of thatctty, had taken possession of
the city, and that Union men, constitutional men,
devoted and loyal men, were for the instant over-
whelmed by the tornado that was raging, and in
order to give us time to organize, we begged that
some other mode of transportation might be adopt-
ed. Let me appeal to the candor of gentlemen upon
this floor, who have time and again made these
charges here, to go back to the records of that date,
and sec how long was that reign of teiror in ex-
istence in the city of Baltimore. Only just so long
after the President and the War Department had
accorded to our request that the mitating cause,
might for the moment be removed, until we could
organize the police force and call out the force of
the State under the lead of the very gentleman al-
luded to, who was the Governor of the State. We
did organize it, and in less than ten days not one
of the men who had been prominent on the 19th
of April was to be found in Baltimore. They were
fleeing fast from the State. They ran to the rebel
ranks. They are expatriated; theyaie now in
exile, and under the operation of the laws of this
denounced State are perhaps forever to be excluded
from the rights of citizenship in Maryland. More
than once, when reason was restored and t he power
of the State was asseited by loyal and true men,
Maryland has spoken in a voice that I claim to
be as honorable as any other in this whole Union
and Confederacy of States. 1 ask if she is to be
denounced, and little petty measures of this sort
to be carried by an assault upon the dignity, the
honor, and the integrity of a people whom 1 claim
here to-day to be as loyal and as true to the con-
stitutional obligations as the people of Rhode Isl-
and or any other State. I claim no more; hut I
protest that we shall not be made a scope-goat for
others to obtain privileges, paltry and insignificant
in themselves, at our expense, and by heaping in-
dignity upon our State.
►Sir, I nm aware of the position I hold here.
Mat yland is a suspected State, but we rest our just-
lficuuon upon the fntuie history of (his country.
There were men mad, crazy, diverted from honest
purposes—men who were not loyal and law-abid-
ing citizens, who have fled that State—the agita-
tors of this question m it. There lematn to-day
men just as loyal, let me tell the Senator from
Rhode Island and other Senators,as the most loyal
they can find within the borders oftheirown States.
We ask no favors here. We ask nothing to which
we are not justly entitled. As for myself, I am
content to receive the small boons that the major-
ity may accord. I regret cxuemely to have per-
ceived a fu< ling which I have thought has been
manifested here, that Maryland is but a portion
of the District of Columbia, over which Congress
claims exclusive jurisdiction. We have entered
solemn protests, wc have spoken in terms of cour-
tesy and fairness against measures upon this floor.
I appeal to the Senate and to the country how far
our wishes and our views have been regarded.
But, sir, 1 did not mean to go into this branch
! of the question. I hold it unworthy of the place
| 1 occupy here. 1 am not to be forever vindicating
{ the loyalty of my State. I wish it to be under-
] stood now, once for all, that as longasl have the
I honor of holding a seat on tins floor i have not one
| more word to say in vindication of the loyalty of
' my State. If Maryland is regarded here as dis-
loyal, in God's name let her be proclaimed so. If
this charge is to be made lo take aw ay a pal: i y ad-
vantage that may lesult to a pon ion of t hat State
from the establishment of the Naval School, in
God'snamelet it go. As for rnys< If, I havenoper-
sonal interest in it. My own individual feelings
are to gi ve to gentlemen of I he majonty <> \ erv iavor
and privilege they may ask foi. i can abide the
result. If you can live, die people of my State can
live. We are not to be diveited from the high
purpose that we have avowed time and again of
standing by the Constitution as it is and the les-
toration of the Governmentas it was. That is the
platform we stand upon. Nor are we to be charged
with treason or sympathy with tieason because,
forsooth, we may not concur m measures of a dom-
inant party for the rule of a common Govei nmont.
The time is fast coming when the common sense
of this country will decide that issue. As for my
single self, 1 am free to say that I maintain that
Constitution, as I have sworn to maintain it, in
exact and equal justice to all the States, asking
nothing for my own State that I am not peifectly
willing to accord to others; but I am unwilling to
stand up here and hear insinuations against hei —
it is not becoming me to Sciy for base purposes;
for that is not the language of a Senator of the
United States.
But, sir, let me ask one other question: what
becomes of this property in which you have in-
vested $750,000, if that school is temoved ? The
Senator from Rhode island has made an appeal to
the partisan sentiments of a majority of this body
to remove it upon the ground that Maryland is
unworthy of it. What argument has been brought
to this Senate to show that Newpoi t, Rhode isl-
and, is a favored spot for it? I have never heaid
one woid m commendation of that point, but much
and many in condemnation of it. it is confessedly
the mostextravagant place for mom hs in ihosum-
mer season in the whole United States, owing to
its position. It is the most fashionable water nig
place upon the continent, where numbets of peo-
ple go and spend money by thousands, which
would throw on tan induce men tan d a hue to young
gentlemen to draw them off from the discipline (hat
has been exeicised over them. It would Unow
into these scenes of fashion andgayeiy many
young men who can but ill afFoid it, who,->e piide
may be excited, may be appealed to, to make at
least as good a show as those who may be more
fortunate in means. As has been justly said by
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
many have been drawn into this vortex of dissipa-
tion, this whiilpool of ruin, and instead of being
an ornament and an honor to the country, have
been turned away disgraced and degraded sots.
Sir, it does not become me to male an assault
upon the people of any State of this Union. 1 do
not condescend to speak of the want of* patuot-
lsm of other States. It is enough for me simply
to vindicate (hecharacterand t he honor of my own.
I hold it as sacred as I do my own honor. I assail
no gentleman's honor, and I shall allow no man,
whoever he may be, to assail mine with impunity.
I expect to receive the courtesy due to me in my
legislative and representative capacity, and I de-
mand it for my State. I extend that comtesy to
all gentlemen and to all States. I protest against
the honor and the character of my State being
made the sc,ape-goat, in order that others may le-
ceive favor at the hands of this Government. If
this school is to be taken away from Maiylnnd
on the ground of disloyalty, in God's name, let it
go. IfGovernor Hicks,who has been pioclaimed
heie time and again upon this floor as a true and
devoted loyal citizen,one to whom at one time the
salvation of this country was almost accorded, is
now to he chaiged with witting letteis of equivo-
cation, letters not loyal in every sense of the word,
and not standing up true to evei y principle of his
State and of the Constitution of the country; if'the
representations of the ptescnt Governor, elected
as an unconditional Union man by a 1 ugvr major-
ity than any other Governor ever eh-cn d in that
State, are not to have any weight; and jf Newport,
for her patriotic services, is to be rewaided at ihe
expense of the honor, the dignity, and the loyalty
of the people of Maryland, for one, as a represent-
ative of Maryland, i say you are welcome to it,
and I trust in God you may have it.
Sir, 1 have said more than i desired. I have
for some time past deteimined for myself to say
but little in favdr of my State. I have not said
