1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER, (to Mr. McDougall.) I
will not answer your question.
Mr. McDOUCrALL. You cannot afford to
answer it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I say any man who brings
that imputation against the committee utters what
is not true.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Well, do not shake your
finger at me.
Mr. HALE. Order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
'from Michigan has the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee on the
conduct of the war has endeavored to do its duty,
and its whole duty. It has not been an inquisi-
torial nor a one-sided committee. Whether the
Senate see fit now to impose this duty upon it or
not,is fortheSenate to decide: wedonotdesire it.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President,it seems tome
that it would be well enough for the Senate to look
at the real question that is before it, and not be
drawn off by the attacks that have been made
upon the SecretaryofWarand the defense of him,
from the real issue before us. The Senator from
California introduces a resolution in relation to
the arrest and detention in captivity of Brigadier
General Stone. That information he seeks to ob-
tain in a legitimate way, and from a proper and
legitimate source, ft may be that itis too specific.
It may be that it ought not to be furnished. His
resolution is peremptory in its character, and re-
quires this information to be furnished. The Sen-
ator from Alassachusetts, who is not now in his
seat, [Mr. Wilson,] has offered a substitute for
that proposition. It reads as follows:
" That the President of the United States he requested to
communicate to the tfeiuto any infoimnUon touching the
nm\st and imptivmment of Hii^idier OoihmjiI Stone, not
deemed incompatible with the public intciest."
Now, can any gentleman furnish me any sub-
stantial reason why we should,smother this reso-
lution by sending it to any committee, whether
that on Military Affairs or on the conduct of the
war, and not adopt the substitute that was offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts? It throws
the entire responsibility on the President, where
it properly belongs. If he deems that it would
not be compatible with the public interest to trans-
mit any information in regaid to if, lot him say
so, and there ends the subject. But if he says
that the interest of the country will be promoted,
or if he believes that the interest of the service
will be promoted by giving us the information,
or if he thinks that the curiosity of these persons
who seek to obtain this information ought to be
gratified, he will grant it. He is the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army; he has the control of the
discipline of the Army, and not the Military Com-
mittee or the committee on the conduct of the
war. By passing the substitute offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, we do not conflict
with his jurisdiction; we might if we passed the
resolution submitted by the Senator from Cali-
fornia. It seems to me, therefore, that from every
consideration, we ought to vote down the propo-
sition to refer this resolution to any committee,
and adopt the substitute of the Senator fiom Mas-
sachusetts, and let the responsibility in legard to
the discipline of the Aimy be where it properly
belongs, with the President of the United States.
Mr. DROWNING. Mr. President, I concur
entirely in the suggestions made by the Senator
from Iowa. I had intended to make them myself,
but I feel a reluctance at all times to claiming the
floor.
I know nothing about the causes that led to the
arrest of General Stone. I do not know the man;
do not know his politics; do not know anything
about his antecedents; do not know any thing of his
conduct that led to his an est. I regret exceed-
ingly that the Senator from California has deemed
it his duty to make the fierce assault upon the Sec-
retary of War that he has made upon this occa-
sion. It appears to me, Mr. President, that no
possible good, but evil and evil only could result
to us from destroying the confidence of the coun-
ti y in any one of those at the head of the affairs
of the nation. I believe the Secretary of War at
present enjoys the confidence of the country to as
large an extent as any other man connected with
the administration of Us affairs. I may say more,
that I believe he deserves that confidence, for I
am inclined to think that we are more indebted to
him than we are to any other one man that pub-
lic affairs were not pushed to much more disas-
trous extremes under the last Administration than
they were. I am not sure but that we are in-
debted to him and to him alone for the privilege
of having inaugurated the present Chief Magis-
trate of the nation in the capital of the nation.
Whatever the opinion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia may be of the justice of the arrest of Gen-
eral Stone", 1 think his assault upon the Secretary
of War is unwarranted and unjust. I think it cal-
culated to do injury, and nothing but injury.
Now, Mr. President, I am going into no dis-
cussion of this subject at all; but while I am up,
I will add another word. I understand from the
chairman of the committee on the conduct of the
war that when evidence implicating General Stone
had been elicited by that committee, that evi-
dence was all submitted to General Stone's in-
spection, and that the fullest possible opportunity
was offered him of inspection; that he came be-
fore the committee, and that every facility that
he could require was furnished him by the com-
mittee to exonerate himself from the charges that
had been made. This does not seem to me in-
quisitorial; does not seem to me to deserve the
denunciations to which that committee has been
subjected. I understand further from the chair-
man of the committee that upon the evidence
elicited by them, they unanimously came to the
conclusion that the good of the service required
that General Stone should be superseded in his
command, and placed under arrest.
Mr. WADE. I believe I did not say that. I
said that after we had taken the evidence and the
explanations of General Stone, we made them
known to the Secietaiy of War and to the Cabi-
net. I believe they all understood it. We might
have given opinions in regard to the bearing of
the testimony, but we left it very much with them.
I do not know that I expressed any decided opin-
ion, and I do not know that the members of the
committee generally did. I do notthink they did.
We thought that it properly belonged to the ex-
ecutive government to take charge of it, and give
such weight to it as they deemed best. On a
former occasion I did say that I believed there
was piobable cause for lus airest, but I did not
like to go into that.
Mr. BROWNING. That was what I under-
stood the chairman to say, and I may have de-
rived it erroneously, but I stiil derived the im-
pression that the committee all concurred with
him in opinion that there was probable causc for
the course that was taken.
Mr. WADE. I believe they did.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 understood further that
the Secretary of War reached the same conclu-
sion upon an examination of the same evidence.
I understand that the general who at that time
was in command of this division of our Army and
of our forces reached the same conclusion. I
understood that the President of the United States,
than whom I undertake to say no juster or more
conscientious or uprightman lives, reached the
same conclusion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mi. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to know whether
the Senator takes the license to speak of under-
standings from those high officials? If so, I will
take the same privilege; I have understandings
from high authority, too.
Mr. BROWNING. No; I will state distinctly
my understandings. That there may be no pos-
sible misapprehension, I want it distinctly under-
stood that I speak for myself and myself alone.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But your understand-
ings 
Mr. BROWNING. I will explain it all to you;
bo patient a moment. I now disclaim, on thisor
any other occasion, speaking for the President or
any one connected with the President in the ad-
ministration of the Government.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. Why does the Senator say he understands
that ?
Mr. BROWNING. I will explain to you in
a minute if you will not be quite so restless. Just
be calm a little while, and I think I shall make
myself understood. It is a subject on which I
have never ventured to approach either the Presi-
dent or the Secretary of War. I conceive it to be
none of my business to catechise them why they
did this thing or that thing, or why they will do
another. I have no information from them or any
one of them upon the subject. When I say I un-
derstood certain things, I speak of the understand-
ing I have derived from the discussion that has
taken place in my presence and hearing in this
Chamber, and of an understanding obtained in no
other way. Now, I apprehend the Senator un-
derstands me.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Do I understand, then,
that the Senator spoke merely from the outgivings
of Madame Rumor?
Mr. BROWNING. No, sir, I did not derive
itfrom Madame Rumor; I derived the understand-
ing from the discussions that took place in this
Chamber between the Senator from California and
the chairman of the committee on the conduct of
the war. I presume that every other Senator de-
rived the same understanding, that the committee,
the Secretary of War, the general at the time in
command of the army here, and the President, all
concurred in opinion that the evidence which had
been elicited did make probable cause for the ar-
rest of General Stone and for his confinement to
this time. If that be so, if the evidence did war-
rant that conclusion, if the evidence was such as
to justify that action, the very fact of publicity
that the Senator seeks, the very fact of laying be-
fore the country all the evidence that led to these
conclusions, might defeat every good object that
was intended to be attained, every valuable pur-
pose that was intended to be subserved by super-
seding that general and placing him under arrest,
and it might be attended with the same conse-
quences now.
Let me say one thing more. Suppose this evi-
dence has cast upon General Stone unfounded sus-
picions, suspicions that are unjust—upon which
I undertake to express no opinion, for I know
nothmgabout it; I have no information, no knowl-
edge whatever of the causes of suspicion even that
exist against General Stone—but suppose they
are all unfounded and unjust, and that it is his
misfortune, and not his fault or his crime, that he
is m the unhappy circumstances in which he is
now: men must bear the consequences of their
misfortunes as well as their crimes in this life, and
if a general commanding a division of our Army
has conducted himself in such a manner as to
bring upon lum,even causelessly or unjustly, sus-
picion of disloyalty to the Government, or sus-
picion of misconduct of any other kind that seems
to warrant his arrest, the good of the public ser-
vice, when these suspicions have found lodgment
in the public mind and destroyed the confidence
of the public in the individual, requires that he
should suffer the consequences of his own mis-
fortune, to call it by no harsher term. If his con-
duct has been so equivocal, so uncertain; if his
language has given forth so uncertain a sound as
to bring him under such suspicions; even then,
admitting that they are without a basis in truth,
I would say the good of the service would require
the course that had been adopted to be adopted
and firmly pursued.
I feel confident, Mr. President, that neither the
Chief Executive of the nation, the Secretary of
War, the general who was in command here at
the time, nor the committee on the conduct of the
war, would willingly do injustice to General Stone,
or any other man; and if the grounds of suspicion
arc just, if they are founded iti truth, if his con-
duct has been such as properly to expose him to
the course that has been taken, it may be that the
public service requires that he should be continued
for the time being where he is, without trial and
without investigation; and that is a question we
must submit to the discretion of the President of
the United States as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. As the head of the Army, it is his espe-
cial province to exercise his judgment upon the
questions proposed, and to give or withhold the
information, as in his opinion the giving or with-
holding will tend to the promotion of the public
service. If General Stone is suffering wrong, and
if the President thinks that no evil will result to
the country from bringing him to trial at present,
let it be done; but if he cannot now, without in-
jury to the public service, be brought to trial,let
that trial be postponed until a fitting opportunity,
when he can be heard without injury to the coun-
try; and if he is suffering wrong, the time will
