718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
for-the simple reason that the district court of the
United States had no jurisdiction over the subject.
In the opinion delivered by Judge Campbell, re-
ported in 15th Howard, it is said:
"That portion of the decree which provide? that thepe-
titioneis be entitled to locate so many acre* of land as have
at any time been sold or otherwise disposed of, out of said
subdivisions by tiie United States, or any other unappio-
priated land belonging to the United States, within the State
of Louisiana, falls within the objections stated in the case
of the United States vs. Moore, 12 Uovvaid, 209, and of the
United States vs. McDonogh, at this term, and cannot be
maintained. To this extent the decree of the district court
is reversed.
" ThtPtjffcct of1which icversal and of the decree rendered
is to exempt the lands sold or disposed of by the United States
from the operation of the plaintiff's claim, and to leave the
question of indemnity between the plaintiff and the polit-
ical department of this Government,"
These claimants have, in pursuance of that de-
cision, come to the political department of the
Government for redress; and a bill similar to this
was reported by the Committee on Private Land
Claims at the last regular session of Congress, but
was not reached on the Calendar at that time.
An inquiry was submitted to the distinguished
gentleman who was then at the head of ilic Land
Office; and, in reply, he wrote u letter to the chair-
man of the Committee on Private Land Claims,
expressing his satisfaction with the bill. I send
that letter to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
General Land Office, December 21, I860.
Sir: I have the honor to return heiewith the draft of a
hill to authorize the issue of cciuficatcx or floats In satis-
faction ot claims for landn disposed of by tho United States
within the limits of the La Nana and Las Ormigas giants,
in Louisiana.
I see no objection to the terms of the bill or it** equity;
and, by the decision of the Supicme (,'ouir, (l"> Ilou.ud,
p. 1),) the quotum of indemnity m evprussly rol'ei red to tile
political department of the Government, and the eouit be-
low lias no jim-HhetiOii.
With great ivfpect, your obedient servant,
JOS. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Jaood Thompson, Sea clary oj the Interior.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
it would be impossible to indemnify these claim-
ante if you compelled them to leccive lands in the
State of Louisiana. In the first place, it is well
known that the choice lands in that State have
been already appiopriatcd, and, m the next place,
in the present disturbed condition of the country,
it would absolutely impossible thus to indemnify
them.
With regard to the quantity of land which these
claimants will receive, I wish to state to the House
that I have made an inquiry of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and he has furnished
me with a statement which I desne to have read.
The Clerk read, as follows;
Ot'Nnuu. Land OmciK, January 20, lBG'J.
Sir: PuiMiant to yoiu oial ieque-aof this moinin , 1
havo Ihc hunoi to submit the following stnh'inent, showing
the quantify of laud within the La iYjii.i and La-* Onnigas
giants in Louisiana wineh was sold or othet wi-e di-poM-d
Of by the United State:- puoi to the conliimalum of ihu?e
grant* in 1810 :
La Nana. l<as Or u>/v.
 /?rres. " .-In a.
Lot No. 1  3.^0.80 Lot No. J  (h)
" 9  >• 2  1.317 Jc*
<£ 3  l,12D.iiO - 3  'L-UiU.OU
<k 4  -1,807.70 « 4 *1,^0 00
J 1,117.31
G,M 0,28
11,117.31 1
Total aert"? .     17. i; 7 G2 j
^Sections 16, and paitx of, (estimated.) ]
With great respect, youi obedient servant, I
J. W. EDMUNDS, j
Cbmi/tmwner. i
Hon. B. fc*. Hlaih, House of Rcprc^ent'dircs. '
. Mr. BLATR, ofP ennsylvania. It mustbe borne 1
in mind that this land has been taken by theUiu- !
ted States from these claimants. j
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire, with the permission '
of the gentleman, to move an additional amend-
ment to the bill, to which I think he will have no
objection. It is to add the following additional
proviso to the Srst section of the bill: „
*3ml inoiu'cd futlkcr, That such eeitificates and floats
shall not evceed us gto>s sovenfori thousand fout hundred
and .seventy-t-ev en and M\ty-two one lnmdiedth* acie*.
Mr. JBLAiR, of Pennsylvania. (have no ob-
jection to that. That is the amount ascertained
to be due at the General Land Office.
These claimants ask indemnity in lands at $1 25
an acre.' The Government has had the proceeds
of their lands for ninny yoais; and if the patties
had been indemnified in money, counting the in-
terest upon it, the amount of indemnity would
have largely exceeded the value of this amount of
land. 1 now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Bingham was
agreed to.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Private Land Claims was also agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF STEPHEN JOHNSTON.
Mr. WALTON,of Maine, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported a bill to author-
ize the Court of Claims of the United States to
hear and determine the claim of the heirs of Ste-
phen Johnston, deceased; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. "WALTON, of Maine. I ask for the read-
ing of the report which accompanies the bill.
The report was read.
Air. WALTON, of Maine. I ask that the bill
be put upon its passage; and upon that I move
the previous question.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to refer
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. Not during the demand for
the previous question.
The bill was read. The preamble recites, that
by an act of Congress of July 20, 1840, for the
relief of the children of Stephen Johnston, de-
ceased, the heirs were authoiized to surrender to
the United States certain lands, and to rcceive in
lieu thereof a certificate receivable in payment at
any laml office of tho United States for any half
section of land not subject to preemption. That
said heirs, in putsuance of the provisions of such
art, did, on the 2d day of February, 1841, sur-
render said land, and did receive a certihcate, and
did thereafter twice make application to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office for the pur-
chase of half a section of the public lauds of the
United States with said certificate, which several
applications were refused by the said Commis-
sioner, although at the time they were made the
lands applied for were duly authorized to be sold.
That the manifest intention of Congress to give to
said heirs tho right to make choice of, and pur-
chase with such certificate, one half section of the
public lands of the United "States, in order to com-
pensate them for the loss of a judicious selection
of land given to them by the provisions of a treaty
mode by the United States with the Potawatomie
Indian:* on the lGth ofOctober, 1826. That sincc
the passage of said act and tho issuing of said cer-
tificate the most valuable land^ of the United
States have been disposed of and made subject to
preemption, and the holders of tho certificate have
been deprived of the use thereof in the purchase
of such valuable lauds by reason of the decision
aforesaid. That there arc now no public lands of
the United States on which said certificate can be
used affoiding anything like just compensation
to the heirs for the loss of a judicious selection for
them under tho provisions of the treaty.
The bill, therefore, refers the claim of tho heirs
of Stephen Johnston, deceased, back to the Couit
of Claims of the United States, together with the
record and papers in the case of Stephen Johnston
and others against the United States, formerly
heard in said court. It authorizes and directs the
court, thereupon, to order proof to be taken of the
value of such a selection of a half section of land
as said hens were justly and equitably entitled to,
as it was on the 2d of February, 1841. In esti-
mating such value, all or any of the improvements
on the Sand shall not be considered, but the value
of such selection shall be estimated, considering
its natural advantages, position, &cM and anyin^
crease of value from extrinsic and general causes,
from the date aforesaid.
The second section enacts that when the value
ot such a selection shall be so ascertained by the
proof, and defei mined by the court, the court shall
add interest on the value so determined from Feb-
ruary 2, 1841, and ascertain and determine what
amount of land scrip of the United States may be
necessary to be issued to said heirs in compensa-
j tion and satisfaction of the amount so ascertained
i and determined by the court; and thereupon said
court shall order the amount so ascertained to be
issued. It authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Interior of the United States, on the order
aforesaid,and on the surrender to theUnited States
of the land certificate, now held by said heirs, to
cause to be issued to said heirs, to wit: Stephen
Johnston, and his heirs and assigns, and Eliza
Winans, and her heirs and assigns, in e^uai pro-
portions, land scrip of the United States to the
amount ascertained and determined by the court
as aforesaid, which scrip shall be receivable in
payment for any lands of the United States sub-
ject to private entry, the minimum pricc of which
shall not exceed §1 25 per acre for every acre
mentioned in the certificate of scrip so issued.
This land scrip, if offered, shall be receivable in
payment for any lands of the United States the
sale of which is authorized by law. Its value is
to be estimated at §] 25 for every acre of land
therein named; that is to say, scrip for eighty
acres of land shall be deemed value for §100, or
shall be received as so much money when offered
in payment for land worth more than $1 25 per
acre. The same rule is to apply to the scrip issued
for a greater or a lesser number of acres. The
scrip is to be assignable by indorsement, and is
to be issued in legal subdivisions in the following
manner: For each section there are to be issued
one certificate for one hundred and sixty acres,
four certifiates for eighty acres each, and four cer-
tificates for forty acres each; provided that when
so issued and delivered it shall be in full satisfac-
tion and adjustment of the claim.
DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON'.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I desire to make a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H, R. No. 165)
making an appropriation for completing the de-
fenses of Washington, and for other purposes.
The report was read. Ifrccommends that the
House agree to the amendment of the Senate,
disagreed to by the House, with tho following
amendment:
Stukoout all of -eeiion three, and inseit the following in
lieu therof:
Sec. Jind be it further enacted, That no volunteers or
militia fiom any State or Territory shall be musteied into
the service of the United States on any terms or conditions
confining their services to the limits of such State or Ter-
ritory, or their vicinity, beyond the numbei of ten thousand
m Missouri, and four thousand five hundred m Maryland,
heretofore authoiized by the President of the United States
or Secretary of War to be laised in said States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The question dis-
cussed and settled by the committee of conference
was in relation to the troops already mustered in
the States of Missouri and Maryland, with tho
conditions annexed. The House committee was
in favor of extending the principle so as to include
also the force proposed to be raised in Kentucky
by the bill for that purpose which had passed the
House. But inasmuch as the calling out of those
troops m Kentucky depends on the passage of
that bill in the Senate, the committee on the part
of the House did not feel at liberty to insist upon
it, after securing the privilege for those troops
that had been already organized in Maryland and
Missouri. We agreed to this, furthermore, be-
cause it was conceded by the House committee
and Senate committee that the State of Kentucky
would be allowed the same force in the same way
—that what had been admitted in the State of
Missouri and Maryland could not, in justice, be
refused to Kentucky and other border States on
the same ground.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Missouri yield to me?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I shall make no opposi-
tion to the report of the committee of conference,
nor do I believe that I would have a right, under
the rules, to offer any amendment to that report.
I rise simply for the purpose of saving that 1 could
have wished that this amendment had only ap-
plied to the case of troops organized without the
consent of an act of Congress. I knew very well,
Mr. Chairman, when that amendment came from
the Senate, and when I knew the source from which
