THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2701
anything for her. If (his proposition does not
comni"n<i its< if to ihe justice of this body, if in
the ^ wisdom of the Senate they decide that the lo-
cation f. r a Naval Academy at Annapolis, placed
there by law and removed without any law, rs not
a fit pUrc, and any other shall be decided upon, 1
have not our word to say for it.
Air. AN I HONY. if the Senator from Mary-
land had confined himself to questioning my state-
ments, i(>strnti of defending his State from an as-
sauh winch had nor been made 
.Mr. KENNEDY, I merely alluded to what I
hecird yoti trading.
Mr. ANTHONY. I certainly made none. His
speech !ii;'j;hr not have been so eloquent and spir-
ited, hiu it cu-tainly would have had more refer-
ence to the immediate question before the Senate.
I have made no attack on Maryland. I have
made no attack on Governor Hicks. I have read
extracts irom ins own message and from his own
letters.
Mr. KENNEDY. To show the disloyalty of
the Stare.
Mr. ANTHONY. I made no comment upon
then). The inference is diawn by the Senator
fiom M i'-yland, not by me. I do not think Gov-
ernor Hsrk^ wasa disloyal man; 1 certainly think
he was loyal; hut [ think the fact that he bent to
the storm at that time showed a pervading senti-
ment that surrounded him inimical to the Gov-
ernment. i have no doubt of that.
Mr. KEN'NEDY. That I deny.
Mr, ANTHONY. That is a question of fact
about which i shall not make a dispute. I read
what he wrote. I rend his letters asking the Pres-
ident of the United States not to allow soldiers to
go through Maryland to the defense of the capital.
Mr. KENNEDY. For how long a time did
hen>If i;s
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no doubt he did it
from goad motives, but I think from mistaken
motives. The Senator fiom Maryland says he
coneuri ed in that.
Mr. KENNEDY', I did, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. And I cettainly know the
Senaror I mm Maryland never was actuated by
any hut loyal motives. The fact that the Naval
Afcuh-my was driven away fiom Annapolis by a
mob 1 think is not disputed. The fact that the
people of Maryland did not put down that mob,
that it was pur down by people from other States,
and among oihets, by people from my own State,
I think will not he doubted. •
Mi. KENNEDY. \ dispute it. I think itwas
put down l v i;nj people of Maryland.
Air. ANTHONY. Well, I will not go into the
recoid. L do not think we should ever "agree upon
that point.
I am gl id that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has referred to the charges that the young
men at the academy at Newport have been ex-
pose d to temptation and dissipation. Now, the
Senator from New Hampshire, in the letters he
received from the academy on this point, has been i
imposed upon, it is not so. 1 have letters from j
the Mayor of Newport and from gentlemen who j
have convened with theofliceis of the academy, j
and they all concur that the young gentlemen are ]
underas^ood discipline and as far from an)r vices 1
to which iheir youth and inoxpet lence would nat- :
uraliy expose them, at Newport,as they weie at |
Annapohs. It is to he observed that they are tin- !
der great disadvantages in any position wheie they j
have no: a permanent establishment. I do not |
mean to say that 1 would advise the academy to j
be k'-pt at Newpoit in temporary accommoda- i
tions rather than at Annapolis in permanent ac- J
commodat ions. I propose that wheievei the acad-
emy be loiated, it shall have suitable buildings
and accommodations for the discipline and seclu-
sion of the young men. The authoi ities of New-
port have proposed to suricnderto the Govern-
mental) island which is admirably adapted for the
pm pose, and wheie the fashion and dissipation of
Ne wpoi t will have no more effect upon them than
the fashion and dissipation of New York, in the
report of the boaid of visitors, which I seethe
fiom Iowa has in his hand and is going
Senator
to quoc against tin*, you will find that they hear jj
ti s.imnnv i hat even now, under all the disad vant- ' j
ag's ar :1s pre.-,enf location, the discipline is as [j
W'ilpies i \ ed as it was at A nnapohs. I see that !j
amg.iiiiy of il.e board have recommended, for jj
the riason that the library is kept in a casemate n
: and that the recitation rooms are notlarge enough
I or numerous enough—for these two reasons and
j no others, a majority of the board have recom-
. mended 
j Mr. GRIMES. All the board, have they not?
| Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; a majonry of the
; boaid have recommended that the school be re-
' moved back to Annapolis; but Captain Sands,
I who, I (Innk, is one of the best officers in the
Navy, dissents from that recommendation, and
[ the recommendation is very faini in the repoitof
| the boaid.
Mr. KENNEDY I have a letter that I should
like to have lead in connection with what I have
said. 1 fftrgot it at that time. I ask to have it
read at the Secretary's desk.
The Secretary read the following letter:
United States N.w.vl Academy,
newport, March ](j, 1862.
Dear Sir : Having ?fen from the papers that you had
offered to the Senate a i ©solution luqunmg into the tenons
for the removal or'the Naval Academy fioiii Annapolis, and
jiid in« hem tins that \ou took some'iutciest in om afi'.iii*,
we, all the member* of the stMiior cla*>> at the academy,
heg leave to submit to your notice some fact*, which may
influence yuu m youi judgment of the expediency ot that
icmoval.
A- to the expediency of that removal, wo, of course, had no
n«iit, and, indeed, no oppoit unity to jud«e ; but with le-jatd
to le.wons toi icuiin, having pas=ed neaily a year in both
Annapolis and Newpoit, we iiavo cau-e to bo well informed.
At Annapoli*, we had an academy, an institution ft om which
one mniht well be ptond to giad'nate ; one winch deserved,
if it b.id not alieativ obtained, a reputation equal to anj in
the l.md ; wheie narine and ait combined to atfoid us evei v
facility loi acquning a thoiou<ih theoietieal a^ well a* piae-
tjeal knowledge ot om pioie^ion; the discipline was per-
fect, or n-s neaily <o as possible; and the bchool was too
near the capital ot the nation to allow of any neglect or mis-
management.
Here iheie\er-e is. the ca^e. Theie aie veiv few nat-
uial advantages lor the establishment of such an inMiiution,
and, as jet, nit has eeiiamh not been called upon to nn-
ptove iliein The aeademy in Newpoit has none ot the dig-
mu vvhu h should attach to a Govt inmunt nit-UUUion
'i'he mean* allbided loi oui advancement m studies, ne-
ee^-sjuj to our ptole^on .ue lew, and by no means excel-
lent. We have no dull jiiouud, c\t t pt a neld at some du-
rance h m the academy, ami om our doot dnlU take place
at piesont iu the t,ucu>-.
Tile Uscoi tSie well stocked arid useful library with which
the aeadcinj was ptovulcd isdet.iod to u*, heeau-e there is
no loom to auanjrc it, and because the building is nof-uf-
ficcntly sale to lisle ifs lo?s.
Belicvnig a* v\ e do Unit I he institution K not answering,
a? it mielit, the cmN for which it was established ; and de-
mi ous that the Naval Acadi my should atiain the lank ot the
rister instmiuon, that ot West i'oint, and that naval ofliceis
geneuilly should continue, n.s heiutolou-*, to equal or "\eel
in education and refinement those o! the Anny; and that,
since we cannot seive o.ir eouiuiv at present as we wish,
and have lepe.uedly tiied to do, that we should at lea-t be
so much the bi itei piepaied to clr> so when that happj time
airive-; we. ntfhieneed by no local piejudice, present ihese
tacts to jou, and heir \ou, a* the ne'iuis c<l accompli^hinij
ihesc objiA t>, to ^ti tve to obtain the icon n o: the aeadt
to Ann.ipoh?, and its pennanent ^^^tabli.shiuent theic.
Mi. ANTHONY'. From what Slates are those
young gentlemen ?
Mr. KENN EDY. Generally northern young ,
genthmen, belonging to the senior class. {
Mr. ANTliONY. The whole class? j
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 think the whole class, j
Let the Secjctaiy read the names. j
The S< ciet n y lead them, as follows:
A- S. Ciow nin^hicld. W. \V. IMaelav, P (I Cooper, (
Allan I) Diown, John V. Peffiam, i'lank Wildes, Geome
[J. Wadlei^h. H. C. Taylor, W, \V. Ileudiicksftn, lia llai- .
lis, ,i . (J. .VlcGte<roi, Mai.stou Niles, Cli.nles il.Ciaven, |
[]. Gla-o, j. o Coulii.m. ail membci* of the senioi class, ;
acuug muKshipmen. United Maie?> Naval Academy. j
Mr. GRIMES. I have but little to say on this j
subject, and 1 do not know that 1 should say any- j
thing if it were not that 1 am of the opinion that j
we have made up here what the lawyers call a false :
issue. U seems to me that this is not a question >
between Rhode Island and Mai viand, or between ;
Newport and Annapolis; but m my conviction the
real question is wbef her the Nav a! Academy shall ,!
be maintained or not; for I am satisfied from the .j
investigations 1 have made of the subject that it ij
cannot be maintained with any proper degree of j|
efficiency at Newport, or anywhere eise, with the ij
present number of students, or with any number ij
approaching the present number of students, be- j
cause you inue not got facilities for carrying it on; ; i
yon have not got any of the means of education. : i
Why, sir, to-Uay, and ever since it has been re- J-
moved fiom Annapolis, there has not been a book ;:
belonging to the library of the Naval Academy j!
that was su!-p ct to tlie inspection ot either a pro- 11
ff.'ssor or a student. Is it possible that gentlemen r
suppose we can have the proper standaid of edu- p
cation in that school if the whole horary is en- jj
tirely inaccessible to every professor, to the so- 11
perintendent, and to the young men who are there
to be educated ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Cannot we have it open in
Newport?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; for the reason that
they have not got the means. The only place
where they can keep the students is in the hotels,
and that only during the time that the watering
season is not at its height. They have one class
m one part of the city, and another in another,
march them back and forth, spending a great deal
of time, i am assured by those who aie conver-
sant with the subject that there is not a single
naval officer, there may be exceptions, but I am
told there is not a single naval officer who has been
connected with it who believes that itought to be
retained there, orthatthe private interests of any-
body, except the citizens of Newport, will cause it
to be retamed there.
Here is one fact that should be considered. The
amount that our buildings at Annapolis have cost
is between seven hundred and fifty and eight hun-
dred thousand dollars. If we take the school away
from Annapolis, and undertake to establish it at
some other place, we shall have to appropriate that
amount of money. Is the chairman of the Com-
'nuttee on Finance willing to give us almost a mil-
lion dollars for that purpose? Aie our constitu-
ents willing to be taxed nearly a million dollars to
erect similar buildings to those at Annapolis, or
that will accommodate the school as well as those
at Annapolis? 1 appiehend not. Therefore, the
question of economy ought to constrain us to re-
tain it at Annupohs.
There is another reason. I am not in favor of
being driven away from Annapolis by the rebels,
nor am I willing to punish the loyal men of Mary-
land for any improper conduct of the rebels by
taking !t away, i am notgoingto be coerced into
taking it away, and i would detend it by the whole
power of the Government wheie the Government
had placed U, if it were necessary, but, sir, not a
man is necessary, and not a man has ever been
necessary to maintain it at Annapolis. On the
other hand,! would not suffer it to he taken away,
inasmuch as it would be construed as a punish-
ment to the loyal citizens of Maryland, and to that
loyal State; for, so far as her vote has gone, she
has vindicated her loyalty in two several elections.
I therefore would not take itaway for that reason.
There are other reasons The climate is much
better there than it is ut Newport. We now give
these young men in the Naval Academy a thor-
ough military training. A young man there is
just as thoroughly instructed, with the exception
of field engineering and fortifications, m military
science as he is at the Military Academy. He is
constantly dtilied out ofdoois in weather that will
permit it. Then* is at least one month more m
the spring and one month more in the fall when
he can have that out-door exercise in Annapolis
than at Newport, which is a vci y strong argument
with me in favor of retaining it at Annapolis. The
Senator from Rhode Inland has already stated that
I have in my hand the repoit of the board of ex-
aminers who have just come from Newport. It
is dated on the 9th of June. The board was com-
posed of seven members of the naval profession;
some of them of very gi eat eminence; one of them,
the president of the board, Conimodoie $trib)ing,
hud himselt been Superintendent of„the Naval
Academy three years; and they unanimously, with
the exception of Captain Sands, recommend Lhat
it be leturned as speedily as possible.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think two of them were
absent.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; two of them were not
present at the examination of some of the classes.
Now, sir, in regard to the necessity of taking
Ibis away, in the fiist place, I happen to know
something personally on that subject. I suppose
i was about as much instrumental in removing it
from Annapolis as anybody else. I happens d to
be at Annapolis while the academy was there
and previous to its removal, and I was consulted
by Lieutenant Rodgers, now Commander Rodg-
ers, and Captain Blake, mvegard to it. A young
gentleman, Lieutenant Simpson, was sent up w itii
me to see the Piesident and the Department in re-
gard to transfeiring it,and I joined in the i.cotn-
irt'mdation that H should oe Uan^fei red to Foil
Adams. It was at that tune supposed by :he an-
thotities at Annapolis that there were sufficient
accommodations at Fort Adams to accommodate
