720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
of July 27,1861, concerning the exercise of cer-
tain powers and duties by the Secretary of the
Treasury; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolution
(S. No. 48) for the settlement of the claim of
George McDougal, upon just and equitable prin-
ciples; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
191) to authorize the Platte County Railroad Com-
pany to carry the "overland mail," and to receive
pay for the same; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained,leave to introduce
a bill (S.No. 192) concerning contracts and orders
for Government supplies; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk,announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 114) authorizing floats to issue in
satisfaction of claims against the United States for
lands sold by them within the Las Ormigas and
La Nana grants, in the State of Louisiana; and
A bill (No. 183) to provide for the settlement
of the accounts of John A. Smith, clerk of the cir-
cuit court and criminal court of the District of
Columbia.
The message further announced fhat the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 190) to au-
thorize an additional issue of United States notes.
ENUOLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of tho House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 256) for the relief of Philip Speyor & Co., of
the city of New York; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President.
WILLIAM II. NOBLES.
Mr. NESMITPI. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred a communication of the Secretary of
the Interior, to report a joint resolution for the re-
lief of William H. Nobles;and I ask that all prior
orders be suspended, and that it be considered and
passed at the present time.
The joint resolution (S. No. 45) for the relief
of William H. Nobles was read a first time by its
tit! \
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon ask* the uimmmonf consent of the Sen-
ate, to consider this resolution at the present tun \
Is there objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. Its
object is to direct the Secretary of the interior to
pay William H. Nobles, outot any balance of ap-
propriations for wagon loads under his control,
$8,199 99 being the amount leported by him un-
der the second section of the Ai my appiopi Mtiou
act, approved March 52, 18(50) to be duo to Nobles,
late superintendent of the Fort Ridgely and South
Pass wagon road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
that resolution comes from a committee.
The VICE PRESfDENT. It is reported from
the Committee on Military A flairs.
Mr. IsESMITH. Perhaps it would be proper
that I should make a brief statement in relation to
this resolution. The appropiiation bill passed at
the second session of the last Congress provided
that before payment of these accounts the Secre-
tary of the Interior should pass upon them, and
report the propriety of paying the amount. Ac-
companying the resolution is the report of the (
Secretary of the Interior, stating that this amount |
of $8,199 99 is found to be due to Mr. Nobles, j
The report goes on at length to state all the cir- i
cumstances connected with it, and to give all the '
items. That report was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and accompanying the reso-
lution there is a lengthy report from the Committee
on Military Affairs, condensing the report of the
Secretary of the Interior. They came to the same
conclusions, and find that the money is actually due
and should be paid. This resolution provides that
it be paid out of the balance of appropriation now
in the hands of the Secretary of the Interior.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
^ WASHINGTON RAILWAY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
take up and proceed to the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 178, to incorporate the Washington
and Georgetown Railway Company.
The motion was agreed to;and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes that Richard H. Wal-
lach, John M. Brodhead, William B. Todd, Jo-
seph Bryan, Z. C. Robbins, Ed ward Clark, Sayles
J. Bowen, Henry Addison, W. H. Tenney,and
Peter H. Watson, and their associates and as-
signs, be created a body corporate, under the name
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company, with authority to construct and lay
down a double track railway, with the necessary
switches and turn-outs, in the cities of George-
town and Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, through and along the following avenues and
streets: commencing on Bridge street, at its inter-
section with High street, or at such point on Bridge
street east thereof, in the city of Georgetown, as
may be designated by the corporate authorities
thereof, along Bridge street to its intersection with
the street running to the tubular bridge over Rock
creek to Pennsylvania avenue, in the city of Wash-
ington; along that avenue to Fifteenth street west;
along that street south to Pennsylvania avenue;
along that avenue to the foot of the Capitol grounds;
thence, around the northern boundary of the Cap-
itol grounds, to tho northern gate thereof; through
the same, to the southern gate; thence, along their
southern boundary, easterly to Pennsylvania ave-
nue; along that avenue to Eighth street east, or
Garrison street; and along that street south to the
navy-yard gate, with a lateral road connecting
the mam road with New Jersey avenue, at its
intersection with the depot of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company; also a railway from the
depot, along New Jersey, Massachusetts, and
New York avenues, to intersect the main road
near the State Department; also a railway com-
mencing at Boundary street north, and running
down Seventh street west to Pennsylvania avenue,
or to the Potomac; also a railway commencing at
Boundary street north, and running down Four-
teenth street west to Pennsylvania avenue, or to
thePotomac; with the right to run public carriages
theveou, drawn by horse power, receiving there-
for a rate of fue not exceeding five cents a pas-
senger for any distance between any and all the
teinnni of the road; the u^c and maintenance of
the loads ate to be subject to tho municipal regu-
lations of the cities of Washington and George-
town, respectively, and whenever the Capitol
grounds shall be enlarged, the loutes are to be
made to conform theieto. The roads are to be
deemed r^al estate, and, together with other real
property, and the personal property of the body
( orpoiate, are to be liable to taxation as other real
estate and personal piopcrty in the Distiictcities
are, with certain exceptions.
Ton per centum of tho gross receipts for fares
on the road is to be paid over to the cities of George-
town and Washington, to be divided according to
the relative population of the two cities, and to be
applied exclusively to the support of the free pub-
he schools; and wlule that amount shall be duly
paid, the icaity of the roads is to be exempt from
any other taxation. The railways are to be laid
m the centeis of the avenues and streets, in the
most approved manner adapted for street rail-
ways, with rails of the most approved patterns,
to be determined by the Secretary of the Interior,
laid upon an even surface with tho pavement of
the stieets. The gauge of the tracks and the space
between them is to be not less than four feet nor
more than six feet, and the carnages are not to be
less than six feet in width, the gauge to corre-
spond with that of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road.
The railroad corporation is to be bound to keep
the track and the pavements within and for the
space of two feet iSeyond the outer rail always in
good order, without expense to the United States
or the cities of Georgetown and Washington.
The privileges to tins company are to continue
for the term of thirty years; but at any time within
live years after the completion of the roads the
Congress of the United States may alter, fix, and
regulate the fare chargeable on the roads for and
during the next ensuing five years, and in like
manner during the existence and continuance of
the grant at the expiration of every succeeding
five years. The Government will also retain
power, at any time, at their option, to alter the
grade, or otherwise improve Pennsylvania avenue
and such other avenues and streets as may be oc-
cupied by these roads, or the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, of such streets and avenues
as may be under their respective authority and
control, and in such event it is to be the duty of
the company to change the level of the railroad so
as to conform to such altered grade. Congress
also retains power at any time to alter, amend, or
repeal this act after it becomes operative as a law.
And nothing in it is to be so construed as to au-
thorize the railroad company to issue any note,
token, device, scrip, or other evidence of debt to
be used as a currency. The capital of the com-
pany is to be ยง300,000, and the stock is to be di-
vided into shares of fifty dollars each, and to be
deemed personal property, transferable in such
manner as the by-laws of the company may di-
rect. The company is to place first-class cars on
the railroad, with all the modern improvements
for the convenience and comfort of passengers,
and to run cars thereon during the day as often
as every five minutes, and until twelve o'clock at
night as often as every half hour; and throughout
day and night as much oftcner as public conve-
nience may require.
The company is to procure such passenger
rooms, ticket offices, stables, and depots at such
points as the business of the railroad and the con-
venience of the public may require. And the com-
pany is to be authorized to lay such rails through
transverse or other streets as may be necessary
for the exclusive purpose of connecting the stables
and depots with the main tracks. And the com-
pany is to be authorized to purchase or lease such
lands or buildings as may be necessary for the
passenger rooms, ticket offices, stables, and de-
pots, and, in case of purchase, to execute and de-
liver to the owner or owners, respectively, of the
property purchased the bond and mortgage of the
company for the whole or part of the considera-
tion money, in case the company shall deem it
best to do so. All articles of value that may be
inadvertently left in any of the cars or other vehi-
cle of the company arc to be taken to their prin-
cipal depot, and entered in a book of record of
unclaimed goods, which book is to be open to the
inspection of the public at all reasonable hours of
business. The United States Government is to
have the right and authority to convey and run
freight cars and carry freight for Government use
over tho whole or any portion of tho railroad: the
Government of the United States to pay the com-
pany such reasonable compensation for the use of
the railroad m the running of such freight cars as
may be deemed just by the Secretary of War, or
by such other person as the President of the Uni-
ted States may designate for the purpose of fixing
.such compensation. Within five days after the
passage of this act the corporators named in the
iiist section, or a majority of them, or if any re-
fuse or neglect to act, then a majority of the re-
mainder, are to cause books of subscription to the
capital stock of the company to be opened, and
kept open for a period to be fixed by the corpora-
tors, not less than ten days, and the corporators
are to give public notice, by advertisement in the
daily papers published-in the city of Washington,
of the time when and the place where the books
will be opened; and subscribers upon the books
to the capital stock of the company are to be held
to be stockholders and associates of the corpora-
tors named in the first scction. Only citizens of
the District of Columbia are to bo entitled to sub-
scribe during the first five days that the 4>ooks
shall be opened; and no person, for himself or for
another, is to subscribe for more than twenty
shares, or $1,000, and to that end no subscription
is to be allowed or received for the stock unless
the person offering to make such subscription shall
ill st make affidavit before the persons, or any one
of them, authorized to receive subscriptions that
