1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1743
18GI; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
GEORGE W. STICKNEY.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill for the relief
of George W, Stickney, a soldier in the late war
with Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
minnesota collection district.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced a bill to change the
location of the port of entry for the Minnesota
collection district; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
people's pacific railroad company.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Maine, re-
lating to the People's Pacific Railroad Company;
which were laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
expenditures in department of the west.
Mi*. ELIOT submitted the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That thi' Secietary of the Treasury be lequosted
to communicate to the IIou>e of Representatives a state-
ment of the expenditures of money in the department of the
West.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. NIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be tequesred to fur-
nish this Hou^e with a statement of all the appointments
to the rank of bt igadiei general, either in the icgular 01 vol-
unteer service, made between the 1st dayofApul. 1861,
and the l&t day of Apul, 1862, with the date of their respect-
ive commissions.
SOLDIERS' BACK PAY.
Mr. BLAKE submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to cause the necessary blank loims to be punted to enable
the sick and wounded soldiers and the relatives of deceased
soldieis to make out and obtain their back pay and tiie
bounty due them for nnlitaiy services ; andthatauch blank
forms be tarnished to all s>oldieis and their friends by calling
on ttie Tieasurv Depaitment for the same.
Mr. McPHERSON. I do not see what neces-
sity there is for the passage of tins resolution.
The matter is already, I undeistand, before one
of the committees of this House.
Mr. BLAKE. It enables the Secretary of the
Treasury to furnish these blanks. Blanks are
now furnished for the business at the Pension
Office.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
contrabands.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform tin* Ilou^e
upon the following point-*: 1." What has delayed his leply
to the resolution of tlus  {louse, calling for iiifoiination as
to the age. sex, condition, See., or the Africans employed
in General Wool 's department. 2. What numbei of slaves
have been brought into tins Distuct by the Army officeis,
or other agents of the Government, from (he State of Vir-
gmia-since the enemy abandoned the possesion of Ma-
nassas and their line-on the Poiomae. 3. What number
of fugitives from Mai>land and Yakima ate now in the city
of Washington, then sex and probable aae^. 4. What num-
bei is now at or has been &ent to Fredonck, Matyland.
5. How many arc now fed and suppm ted by the money of
the United States, apptopttated byCongiess to prosecute
the war. G. By what authouty ne«ioe>, oid and young,
male and female, were *ent nom Vtiguua by railroad to
Philadelphia, and at who-e expense, and the amount of the
expense, and the put poses lor which they were ^ent. 7. If
he has not the means to answer the^e inquiries, that he take
the neces&aiy steps to obtain the de ned infotmation.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Air. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Vallandig-
ham and Eliot weie appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers
having reported—ayes twenty-four; more than
one fifth of those present.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alduch, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker. Bea-
man, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffintoti, Burnham, (Jhamhetlm, Clements, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Conkltng,RoscoeConkling, Cutler, Davis,Diven,
Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fe^enden, Fianchot,
Frank, Goodwin, Gurley. Hatrison, Hickman. Julian, Kei-
ley, Lansing, Lorwus, Lovejoy, Mclvnight, Mcl'her^on,
Mnnrhead, Anson P. Moi rill, Justin S Morrill, Nixon, Olin,
Patton, Pike, Porter, Potter, John U. Rice, Edwaid II.
Rollins, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Van Valkenburgh, Wall, E. P. Walton, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Joseph Baily, Biddle, Jacob B.
Bian, George II. Browne, William G. Brown, Calvert, Cox,
Cnsfield, Dunlap, Grider, Hall, Harding,Keirigan, Knapp,
Law, Lehman, Mallory, Mori is, Noble, Norton, Nugen,
Piice, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Fianci?- Thomas, Val-
landigham, Ward, Chilton A. White, and Woodruff—31.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. WARD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Haight, was detained from the House by ill-
ness.
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Webster.
Mr. VAN HORN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Spaulding, was detained from the House by ill-
ness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid upon the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRADUAL EMANCIPATION.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the select committee of nine, on the sub-
ject ol gradual emancipation and colonization, be author-
ized to employ a eleik at the usual late of compensation.
Mr. CALVERT moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table, and demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aiTumative—yeas 68, nays 28; as follows:
YE —Mews. Allen, Joseph Baily. Beainan, Biddle,
Jacob B. Bl.i.r, Geoige II. Biowne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Chamberlin, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Cox, Cnsfield, Cuttcnden, Davis, DeJaplainc, Diven,
Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, EdwauK, Ely, Franchot, Frank,
Grider, Gurley, Hall, Harding, Hai/ison, Hutchms, Kelley,
Kemgan, Knapp, Law. Lazoar, Loonn , Lovejoy, Mal-
loiy. Justin S. .Vlonilt, Moiria, Nixon, Noble, Nooll, Nor-
ton, Nugen, Olin, Poiter, Puce, Joint H. liicc. Sheffield,
Sheiiabargci, Shiel. Smith, John 15 Steele, Stevens, Strat-
ton, Beni i ,i n p. Thomas. Fiance Thomas, Tiimblc,
Tiowbndjje, Vallandi^ham, Van Valkenburgh, Wall. E. P.
Walton, Waid, Chilton A. White, Woodruff, and Worces-
ter—68.
NAYS—M^sst>' Babbitt, Baket, Bingham, Francis P.
Biair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinlon, Bui nhain, Casey,
Clement*!, Colfax, Cutler, Eliot, Fesbenden, Goodwin,
Fiancis \V. Kellogg, Lans<ns, Lehman. MoPhet-«oii, Moor-
head, Potter, Edward II Rollins. Shanks, Van Horn, Wha-
ley, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windom—28.
So fcfee resolution was laid upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LANSING stated that Mr. Sloan was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. FRANCHOT stated that Mr. Wheeler
was absent on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, announced
that Mr. Delano had been called home in conse-
quence of sickness in his family.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was laid upon the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATItlOTIC RECORD.
Mr. DUNN submitted the following resolution;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs: j
Resolved, That the Secretaiv of War he instructed to !
cause to be prepared and published twenty thousand copies 1
of a book to be entitled, The Patriotic Record, and to con-
tain full i oils of all the officers and men engaged in the nnli-
taiy and naval seivice of the United States m &upptessmg
the pie-jent lebellion.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Hay, his :
Secretary.
PENSIONS TO UNION SOLDIERS'.
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to report forthwith, if possible, and if not, then
at the earliest day practicable, a bill to provide for the allow-
ance of pensions to the sick and disabled Union soldiers of
the present war, and to the families of those who have died
in the scrvicc.
military expenditures.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bedirected
to furnish the House with the amount and detailed state-
ment ot expenditures m the different military departments.
A resolution was adopted this morning asking
fora similarstatementin regard to the department
of the West. I want the whole tiling to go together.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the resolution will not
be adopted. It will involve an immense amount
of labor, and I see no object in it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I call for tellers on
the resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Shiel were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-three, noes not counted.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I rise to a privileged motion. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
adopted the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] calling for a detailed
statement of the expenditures in the western de-
partment. I hope that motion will prevail, and
that then we shall reconsider the vote just taken,
by which the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] has been adopted, and
that we shall not impose upon the Department
this immense and unnecessary labor.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
Mr. Eliot's resolution was then disagreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I now move to icconsider the
vote by which the lesolution of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Blair] was adopted.
The motion to reconsider prevailed; and Mr.
Blair's resolution was then disagreed to.
TREATMENT OP PRISONERS OF WAR.
Mr. POTTER. X offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to In-
form the House whether the pri^oneis taken in the sloop
Volma were leleased by the United States comimssionois
at Baltimore, with the knowledge and consent of the mili-
tary authorities ot the depaitment of Maiyhind ; nho, by
what authority Colonel Gunter, of Virginia, who refused to
take the oath of allegiance, was released on a conditional
paiole which bouud him only not to take up arms* against
the Government while the eastein shore counties m Vir-
ginia remained under the United States authority; alto, by
what authouty said Gunter was allowed to visit the camp
of the sixth Maryland regiment at La Fayette square, Balti-
more, to seai eh for runaway negroes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 propose to de-
bate that resolution.
Mr. POTTER. It is a mere resolution of in-
quiry.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. But it is a
very improper subjectof inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes over
under the rule, the gentleman from Ohio propos-
ing to debate it.
resolutions of wisconsin.
Mr. POTTER presented joint resolutions unan-
imously passed by the Legislature of Wisconsin,
tendering to the President of the United States
approval of his course; which were laid upon the
table, and ordeied to be printed.
military contracts at st. louis.
The House then proceeded to-the consideration
of a resolution, lying overunder the rules, offered
by Mr. Diven on the 23d of December last, re-
questing the Attorney General to take proceed-
ings to recover from John C. Fremont and E.
L. Beard the sum of money obtained from the
public Treasury on the order of said Fremont,
payable to said Beard, as set forth in the report
of the select committee to inquire into contracts
of the Government.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 move the adoption of the res-
olution.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay it upon the
table.
Mr. DIVEN. I have the floor, I think, and I
