THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. IlIYES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1862.
New Series No. 46.
the same is bona fide, and in fact and in truth for
him. or herself, and not for another; and any per-
son who shall take a fal.se and corrupt oath touch-
ing the subscriptions is to be held to have com-
mitted perjury, and be subject to all the pains
and penalties thereof. If more than the capital
stock be subscribed, then a prorata division of the
slock is to be made among the subscribers; ami
if less than the capital stoek^be subscribed, then
each subscriber is to beat liberty to take addi-
tional stock, not exceeding five shares, until the
subscription is full. If not filled by such addi-
tional subscriptions, non-residents arc to be per-
mitted to subscribe for the deficiency. When the
books of subscription to the capital stock of the
company are closed, the corporators named in
the first section are to call the first meeting of the
stockholders; and in all meetings each share is to
entitle the holder to one vote, to he given in per-
son or by proxy; but n# stockholder is to be en-
titled to more than ten votes.
The government and direction of the affairs of
the company are to be vested in the board of direct-
ors, who arc to hold their office till others are
duly electcd and qualified to take their places.
And the directors (four of whom, the president
being one, is to be a quorum) are to elect one of
their number to be president of the board, who is
also to be president of the company, and also
choose a treasurer, who shall give bonds with
surety to the company in such sum as the direct-
ors may require for the faithful discharge of his
trust. The directors are to have full power to nmke
and prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regula-
tions as they shall deem needful and proper touch-
ing the disposition and management of the stock,
property, estate, and effects of the company not
contrary to the charter, to the laws of the United
States, nor to the municipal laws of the cities of
"Washington and Georgetown. Thcie is to be an
annual meeting of the stockholders for choice of
directors, to be holden at such time and place,
under such conditions, and upon such notice as
the company in their by-laws may prescribe.
Unless the railway be completed and ready for ^
the transportation of passengers between the
Capitol and the Executive Mansion within fifty
days from the ajJjwoval of this act, and from the
eastern boundary of the city of Georgetown to
ihe navy-yard within sixty days, and from the
Capitol, by the way of the depot of the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company and New Yoik and
Massachusetts avenue to Pennsylvania avenue,
within ninety days, this act is to be null and void,
and no franchise is to be acquired by it.
Mr. GRIMES. I move m the fifth and sixth
lines of the first section to strike out the name of
Peter H. Watson. 1 do tins at the instance of
Mr. Watson, for reasons which have already
been stated to the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the thirty-third line of the
fifteenth secuorij I move to stwke out the words,
"as citizens of the District of Columbia." The
purpose is to allow outsiders to come in and sub-
scribe for the stock in such amounts and in «aueh
manner as they please, after the citizens of tile
District have had an opportunity to subscribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move now to insert after the
word " avenue," m the eighth Ime of the nine-
teenth section, the words "and from Boundary
street to Pennsyh ania avenue along Seventh and
Fourteenth su'eets, within twelve months." This
will require tiie company to construct and com-
plete roads from Boundary street to Pennsylvania
avenue, along the^e two streets, within twelve
mon ths.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Then; is one amendment which
mv friend from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who is
my colleague on the committee, will piopose,and
to which 1 shall not object. It is to strike out a
portion of the bill which virtually requires two
roads to be built.
Mr. MORRJLL. Move that now.
46
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to strike oat from the
word " company,"in the twenty-ninth line of the
first section to the word " also " in the thirty-first
line of the same section. The words to be stricken
out are, "also a railroad from said depot along
New Jersey, Massachusetts, and New York ave-
nues, to intersect the main road near the State
Depai Linent." The bill, as it now stands, requires
the constiuction of a road from the navy-yard by
the east side of the Capitol and along the streets
near the Capitol to Pennsylvania avciiuu, and
thence to Georgetown. L. also requires another
road to be built, connecting with this road at the
north gate of the Capitol, running by the way of
the Baltimore and Ohio depot, thence np New jer-
sey avenue to Massachusetts avenue, and thence
to New York avenue, to intersect the main road
near Lafayette square, near the old bank of the
United States. The reason why this proposition
was made, was that it was supposed the grade
opposite the Treasury building was so steep that
it would be impossible to carry a loaded freight
car from the Baltimore and Ohio depot around
through Pennsylvania avenue and up Fifteenth
street; but upon examination, it has been discov-
ered,! believe, that there is about as steep a grade
on one of the other streets, by the running of the
road upon which it was supposed wc should ob-
viate this large giade, and that was the sole lea-
son why it was put there. 1 want the bill now to
stand so that there shall be one continuous road
from the navy-yard to Georgetown, and then a
brnnch road from the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
depot to intersect with that road. We shall have
thus the advantage of this railroad for the trans-
portation of the freight which we bring from Bal-
timore, and the cannon and iron which wc bring
from Pittsburg, to be manufactured into Dahlgrcn
and other guns, front the depot to the navy-yard
without using any other power.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I noticein the sixth section apro-
vision " that at any time within five years aftei the
completion of said roads the Congress of t he United
States shall have power to alter, fix, and regulale
the fare chargeable on said roads." It seems to
me that that is a provision that should not be in
the bill. I do not think Congiess should be cum-
bered with this duty, and 1 propose to strikeout
the words " the Congress of the United States,"
and insert "a board, consisting of the Secretary
of the Intciior, the Secretary of War, the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, and
the Mayors of Washington and Georgetown." It
seems to me those officers would piotect all the
public interests, and it would be much more effi-
cient and much more likely to be exercised if left
to them than it would be if left to Congress to legu-
latc the question of fare on these horse railroads.
The Secretaries of the Interior and War Depart-
ments would protect the interests of those Depart-
ments; the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds would protect the public grounds, and
the Mayors of the two cities would protect their
interests. I therefore move, in lines four and five
of section six, to strike out the words " the Con-
gress of the United States," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words " a board, consistingof the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the Secretary of War, the
Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds,
and the Mayors of Washington and Georgetown.''
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move to strike out the
whole of the third section in the foliowmg woids:
Ftee. 3. And he it farther enacted, That ten per edit, of
the nio^ lecripe* lor iart^ on "aid road* shall be paid over
to the ci11of Gcoiiretown and YWlunnton, to he divided
accoidiiiK to the ioianv< population oi the two cities, and to
be applied exc]ti--n civ to the s-uppon oi fiee public ^cho.d-.;
and while tj)<  p''i cent <-ha!l be Jul\ paid, the leahy
ot s^rud road- f-hal] be exempt fiom anv other taxation.
Mr. GRIME?. I hope the Senator will give
his rensons for that.
Mr. HALE. I will state my reasons. The
support of this road will come principally not
from citizens of the District, and it seems to me
this is an enormous tax. Ten per cent., not of the
net profits, but of the gross receipts of this road,
are to be expended for public schools in these two
cities. I am as much in favor of free schools, I
think, as anybody.. Most of the little education
I got, I got at free schools, and I think our peo-
ple are as much in favor of them as anybody; but
this tax is an enormous one—ten per cent, on the
gross receipts. It must have a tendency to keep
the fares up. It will be paid, not by the citizens,
but by strangers in a great measure. It seems to
me fiii at taking one tenth of the whole income and
appropriating it to the common schools of this
District, is eminently unjust to everybody who
has to ride in the cars.
Mr. MORRILL. Is a motion to amend the
Senator's proposition in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order to
amend the section before the motion to strike out
is put.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move to amend the
section by striking out the word " tea" in the first
line and inserting the word "five:" so that this
tax shall be five per cent, on the gross receipts.
Mr. POMERO Y. I would suggest to the com-
mittee to strike out the word " gross" and insert
" net."
Mr. HALE. That can be done afterwards.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was ngreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 now move to strike out
the word "gross" in the second line of the third
section and insert the woid "net."
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have known a great many
railroad bills passed by different Legislatures
having provisions in them directing that a certain
amount of the net proceeds should be paid over
to a charitable, or educational, or some other fund;
but 1 think in the whole history of railroads there
never was a cent paid to anybody or any institu-
tion under such a provision as that. If you de-
clare by your law that some portion of the gross
revenue or jeceipts shall be paid, then there is a
probability that some benefit will be derived from
the construction and running of the road other
than by the stockholders who ate directly inter-
ested. ^
Now, sir, the Senator from New Hampshire
seems to be under the impression that all the traffic
of this road 
Mr. HALE. Not alL.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, a large proportion of
the receipts of this road is to be derived from
members of Congress, and from those who are in
the habit of coming here to Congress. That may
be so; and, to a gteat extent, it is true; but I do
not believe it is our duty, or that it is proper for
us to treat the people of this District as though
they were a conquered province. The people who
icside here arc the people who should look after
the interests of this road; and looking after their
own interests, they are looking after our interests.
One of the reasons why I shall insist on this pro-
vision is, that it will make the people of the Dis-
trict and the Common Councils of the two cities
watchful of the interest of the road, and watchful
of the public interests at the same time. In addi-
tion to that, it helps to build up a fund here for
the support of common schools. Since I have
been in the Senate, the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] introduced a bill by which he
donated a largeamountofpubiiclandsfor the sup-
port of schools in the city of Washington, and I
thinktheSenatorfrorn New Hampshire supported
31. Now, this is a legitimate way of supporting
the common schools m this District; this is the
proper way to do it; and it is fortius that I think
we all ought to vote.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I am properly
advised about this subject. I once introduced a
bill here in regard to the public schools, and I
believe carried it through the Senate, but I think
it never became a law. This matter of common
schools requires to be looked after a little. In the
first place, there is a large class of population here
that are taxed, and taxed as heavily as anybody.
