224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
BTth Cong.... 2d Sess. "Indemnity for the Past and Security for the Future"—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. 01 Reps.
Massachusetts statesman to the South Carolina
Senator—Hayne; and they know, for they are a
reading people, that a judicial decision of the
highest court of South Carolina has declared that
the paramount allegiance of her citizens is due not
to the State but to the United States. (Vide 4 Hill's
S. C. Reports.) All this they know, and they are
sensible enough also to appreciate the true causes
of this rebellion. They sayto you, whatever of sin
there was in theoriginal indulgenceofthesystem
of African servitude, their fathers bore equally
with yours, and they are willing to join you in
shaking off the incubus from the shoulders of the
Republic; but they will not do this thing in the
spirit which has actuated self-styled reformers in
denouncing the covenant of their fathers with
yours; they will approach the greatquestion with
kindness and forbearance, arid while they will set
their faces as flint against the further extension
of slavery, they will aid you, whenever you are
ready to move, in getting rid of the system in your
midst.
It may be too soon to mark out the final course
to be pursued in restoring the former relations of
the States, but I am happy to believe that when-
ever the time comes when we can take counsel
together again, we will be able to arrange our
difficulties without the intervention of those who
have been chiefly instrumental in creating them.
So long us the pestilent heresy of State sover-
eignty is taught and practiced upon, we never can
hope for permanent peace, for whether it be sla-
very or the tariff, religion or infidelity, there will
always be a pretext for resorting to this easy
method of wreaking party vengeance. The ultra-
ists of both sections made this war, but they have
not fought it; philanthropists and philosophers set
the people by the ears, but they do not often par-
ticipate actively in the contests which they pro-
voke. Let them stand back now and suffer the
soldiers of the Union to make the terms of the
amnesty.
Finally, 1 stand upon the proclamation of the
President of the United States, whose wisdom
and sagacity have made him the strongest man in
the hearts of the American people that now lives.
I say to my friends of the border States that they
have never, m my judgment, looked at this mat-
ter as they should liave done. I say to Missouri,
to Virginia, to Maryland, to Tennessee, planting
myself upon the policy of the Administration,
"you cannot, if you would, be blind to the signs
of the times. 1 beg of you a calm and enlarged
eoiisiili'iatinii of them, ranging if it may be,"far
above personal and partisan politics. This pro-
posal makes common cause for a common object,
casting no reproaches upon any. It acts not the
Pharisee. The change it contemplates would
come gently as the dews of heaven, not rending
or wrecking anything. Will you not embrace it?
So much good has not been done by one effort
in all past time, as in the providcncc of God it is
your high prtvilege to do. May the vast future
hot have to lament that you have neglected it."
You cannot expect that our people will fight this
war and allow the rebel States to inaugurate a
system of guerrilla warfare, and not turn around
and use every means which the God of nature
1ms put into our power to rebuke it. Governor
Letcher has issued a proclamation calling out
gucriilla parties to shoot down our pickcts. I
tell you when that system is inaugurated, we will
inaugurate a system which will put arms into the
hands ot every black man who is able to fire a
musket; and the rule will then be, let the strongest
prevail; and the institution of slavery must stand
back.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Mostthat my friend,
as 1 shall call him, has said, meets my approba-
tion; but as he saw proper, in his opening re-
inaiks, to say that the rebellion was occasioned
in part from the cowardice of the men of the bor-
der States, I desire to remind him that at least
theie is an exception. When, in the convention of
Virginia, those seventy-eight votes against fifty-
live passed the ordinance of secession, the dele-
gates from Western Virginia seceded from Rich-
mond, and i cturned home. They called upon their
constituents to assemble and make common cause
in resisting the movement of Virginia to join the
southern conl'edeiacy. The people responded
most heartily to the call; and although we num-
bered less than three hundred thousand inhab-
itants, we resolved that we would meet not only
Virginia, but that we would meet the whole south-
ern confederacy in conflict, if this Government
did not interfere and assist us. So far as the Gov-
ernment gave any indication of theground it would
occupy, it was given by Mr. Buchanan, who de-
clared that this Government had no power to use
coercive measu res; and we had no assurance what-
ever that this Government would back us up in
our efforts, and yet we bid defiance to the seced-
ers of Virginia and the southern disorganizes and
we armed ourselves with such old fire-arms as we
could gather in our community. We organized
and were ready for the fight before the three
months volunteers had organized. Our men of
Western Virginia, aided by some three or four
hundred men from Pennsylvania, took Grafton,
and drove the southern troops from the town be-
fore General Kelly with the three months men
came there.
Mr. TRAIN. We know that the convention
of Virginia, with a majority of Union men, passed
a secession ordinance. That is the point.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I am notspeaking
of Eastern Virginia at all. I am speaking of that
portion of Virginia that organized, at the hazard
of their lives and fortunes, to meet this southern
organization. I do not desire to hear the name
of " coward" applied to that noble band.
Mr. TRAIN. I undertake to say that never
was such moral cowardice exhibited as was ex-
hibited by the Union men of Virginia who went
into that convention.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. My dear sir, you
do not understand 
Mr. TRAIN. I want to understand.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. The true Union
men were only fifty-odd, and they could not de-
feat the ordinance.
Mr. TRAIN. How did it happen that they
allowed the act to pass, when they went there in
a large majority ?
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. There were only
some fifty that passed through the ordeal.
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, the feeble state
of my health and strength will not permit me to
indulge in any lengthy remarks, but I am desirous
of replying to a question which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Train] put to my col-
league, [Mr. Brown,] and that was, why did Vir-
ginia secede from the Union when Union men had
a large majority in the convention which passed
the ordinance of secession ? That question is fully
answered by saying, that three thousand southern
ruffians and cut-throats from South Carolina and
Georgia surrounded that convention,and by brute
force compelled the adoption of the ordinance. In
short, Virginia was mobbed out of the Union. I
have seen and conversed with many of the men
who voted for that ordinance, and who fled from
the State immediately after the convention ad-
journed ; and they told me they were true and loyal
men, but that they were compelled, to save their
lives, to vote for the ordinance. They only lacked
moral courage. That is the way in winch Vir-
ginia was voted out of the Union. After they
were mobbed out of the Union, the people of West-
ern Virginia arrayed themselves in opposition to
that act, and we found that we had many friends
to support us in our neighbors, Ohio and other
States. We appealed to the people of the loyal
States, and Massachusetts, responding to our call,
loaned us two thousand stand of arms. That was
our rallying point, and henceforth we declared
that we never would submit to the ordinance of
the Richmond convention; that rather than do
that, our loyal people would leave their bones to
bleach around their native hills, and their blood to
nourish the soil of their beloved State. The people
°f Western Virginia have never had that credit to
which they are entitled for their patriotism and
loyalty, to the Government.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Train] spoke of the people of Tennessee. I ask
any reasonable man where was ever greater patri-
otism shown than has been shown by the people of
eastern Tennessee? Surrounded by disloyalty on
every side, shut off from all loyalty by a chain of
hills and Kentucky neutrality on one side, and by
a violent, murderous, and cut-throat crew upon
the other, yet under the leadership of noble John-
son, Etheridge, Maynard, and Brownlow, names
which will be placed on the corner-stones of mon-
uments which will be erected by future generations
to perpetuate their enduring fame, they struggled
along, and endured all that mortal could endure
to show their devotion to the Union; and I cannot
endure .to hear any man, come from whatever
State he may, speak disrespectfully of this loyal
people of Tennessee. If the policy is carried out
which is contended for by some of the gentlemen
who are opposed to confiscation, let me tell them,
however honest they may be in their opinions to
the contrary, the united South and their sympa-
thizers in the North will once more taike posses-
sion of this Government and fill every seat in this
House with traitors, and our liberty will be at an
end.
If we receive them back into full fellowship,
with their hands all dripping with the blood of
their countrymen, do you suppose that we of
Western Virginia can live upon Virginia soil; do
you suppose that the patriots of East Tennessee
can remain quietly in their homes ? No, sir. I
say to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] if it is unconstitutional to confiscate
the property of these rebels, our Constitution is
a failure and our Government is at an end; and I
had rather go with my family and live among the
wild savages of the West than remain in "Western
Virginia. My health, and everything I possessed,
has already been sacrificed to the Union cause, and
I have nothing left buta shattered constitution. I
have suffered to that extent that it has been im-
possible for me to participate in the debates on
this floor since I have had the honor to take my
seat among you, and to that cause must be attrib-
uted the brevity of my remarks upon this occa-
sion.
^A few days since, while the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Grider] was speaking upon this
bill, and was making an argument upon the abo-
lition of slavery, 1 inquired of him whether he was
in favor of any kind of confiscation ? He replied
that he was not. I then inquired whether the
Union men of Kentucky, or of any of the border
slave States expected that the people of the loyal
States, in addition to the great war tax which must
necessarily be levied to support our armies now
bravely fightingfor the Constitution and the Union,
will pay an additional tax to pay the Union men
in the border slave States for their losses; and
whether they ever expected to received a dollar
under such a policy as is advocated by the oppo-
nents of this bill? He replied that he did not; that
such was the fortune of war.
"INDEMNITY FOR THE PAST AND SECURITY
FOR THE FUTURE."
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. ASHLEY,
OF OHIO,
In the Hotjse of Representatives,
May 23, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. ASHLEY said:
Mr. Speaker: If by anything I may say to-
night I shall contribute a thought that will facili-
tate the passage of either of the bills before us, I
shall have discharged my duty to my constitu-
ents and the country. It was not my purpose,
Mi\ Speaker, until this afternoon to speak on this
subject at all, and I only propose to do so now
briefly. I intend to support the bills reported by
the select committee on confiscation, and shall
vote and urge the friends of these measures to
vote against all amendments and substitutes now
offered, or which may be offered, unless they are
mere verbal amendments, or such as a majority
of the committee are willing to accept. I shall
do this as a practical man, earnestly desiring the
enactment of the most effective confiscation bills,
and not because the bills reported by the special
committee are, in my judgment, the best that
could be framed, but because they are the best
which, under all the circumstances", we can prob-
ably get during this Congress, if, indeed, we can
pass any practical confiscation measure at all.
The discussion of the past week haa revealed the
