1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
JS7th Cons.. ..2d Sfiss. "Indemnity for the Past and Security for the Future"—Mr. Ashley.
fact, unexpected to me, and I doubt not unex-
pected to the country, that a large number, if not
a majority, of the members of this House are op-
posed to any act of confiscation, and though we
shall secure the votes of some who within a week
have been regarded as hostile to ail forms of con-
fiscation, yet I fear the unusual number of ab-
sentees from this side of the House will secure
the defeat of one if not of both these bills.
CONFISCATION AND EMANCIPATION THE ONLY HOPE
OF THE REPUBLIC.
Mr. Speaker, in myjudgment, an enduringpeace
can be secured only by conquering the rebels, con-
fiscating their property, and emancipating their
slaves. As a punishment for traitors in arms
against the Government, and as an act of simple
justice to the loyal citizens of all sections, we
should pass without further delay both these bills.
We should pass them as war measures, to pun-
ish rebels, and intimidate all who may be disposed
to give them aid and comfort. Had these meas-
ures been passed at the extra session in July last,
1 believe they would have saved us thousands of
valuable lives, and millions of money, by enabling
us to terminate the war atleasta year earlier than
it can now be closed,
I do not intend, Mr. Speaker, at this late hour
of the evening, to enter into an elaborate discus-
sion, either of the constitutionality or practicabil-
ity of these measures. The constitutionality of
all the propositions before us has been ably and
eloquently discussed in the other branch of Con-
gress, and by some of the ablest lawyers on this
floor, and I shall not take up the time of the House
to-night by an elaborate discussion of what has
been so well and thoroughly done already.
AN HONORABLE AND ENDDRING PEACE CANNOT BE
SECURED BY COMPROMISE.
Mr. Speaker, this rebellion is the most cause-
less, unprovoked, and wicked which the history
of the world records, and no punishment, how-
ever severe, that may be visited upon the heads of
the leaders by this Government, can be unjust.
The conspirators having forced the country into
civil war, have left us the alternative of surrender-
ing or crushing it. The voice of the people de-
mands that it shall be crushed and not compro-
mised. The legitimate end of all war is the estab-
lishment of justice and peace, and I repeat what
I said on another occasion, "that no peace can
be honorable and enduring which is made over the
prostrate form of justice. That war is a calam-
ity, especially a civil war such as now unhappily
desolates our country, all concede; yet there are
evils greater than civil war. The loss of liberty,
of national honor, or the dismemberment of our
territory, are greater evils than war. Sir, 1 know
that this war has brought in its train consequences
and controversies which will not end with the life
of this generation. 1 will not attempt to paint its
horrors. Our brave soldiers are yielding up their
lives on every battle-field, consecrating the soil
which treason has polluted, with their blood. Their"
peaceful northern homes are made desolate, and
bereavement and sorrow have entered their once
happy dwellings. They are dying that the Union
of our fathers may survive and constitutional lib-
erty be preserved. For these great sacrifices what
encouragement have the northern people had? The
treatment of our volunteers, so far as I have been
able to witness it in the army of the Potomac dur-
ing the past winter, has had but few parallels in
any country. While many of their officers, care-
less of their wants or their necessities, have lounged
about the hotels and other places in this city, their
patriotism and heroism have been severely tested
by a patient endurance of privations, exposure,
and neglect, almost without a murmur. Sir, their
conduct and their example deserve the praise and
the thanks of the nation. But the intelligent Amer-
ican volunteer soldier wants to know for what he
is fighting; and if it be for a principle worth dying
for, whether, if he is victorious, that principle shall
triumph. Thus far he has had but little encour-
agement of this character to cheer arid stimulate
h lm l n his dreary camp life, on his tedious marches,
or in the din of battle. On the cdntrary, he has
had much to discourage him, and his constant fear
by day and by .night has been, that at last, after
all his sacrifices, politicians will step in and dic-
tate a compromise with the rebels which will ex-
New Series—No. 15.
Ho. of Reps.
empt them from all punishment for their crimes,
leave them in undisputed possession of all their
property, and thus offer a premium to rebellion
and treason.
MISTAKEN POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT TOWARDS
REBELS.
The demoralizing policy caused by treating the
rebels and the property of rebels as if they were
loyal citizens is everywhere marked among our
soldiers. The whole military power is used, and
has been used, by the army of the Potomac to
protect the property of notorious rebels who have
been guilty of the most savage barbarities upon
unoffending Union men because of their devotion
to the Government. This policy has forced men
who otherwise would have been loyal to the Gov-
ernment to unite with its enemies. A single case
will illustrate thousands. A friend, some months
ago, gave me an instance of a northern man who
had married in Virginia. His prepossessions,
education, and interest were all with the Govern-
ment; but a brief experience of our policy made
it necessary for him, as I doubt not it has made
it necessary for thousands of others, to unite with
the rebels. When asked how he, a northern
man,could become a secessionist, he replied that
it "was safest and paid. When your Army
are here," he said, "1 am protected, and my
property, as well as all secessionists. When the
confederate army are here, I am safe, and my
property is safe, while all who are suspected of
being Unionists are not only despoiled of all they
possess, but, if able-bodied men, are often pressed
into the rebel army." When I said, while dis-
cussing the Arizona bill, " that thus far we had done
more to encourage treason than to terrify traitors,"
I intended to denounce this policy of retaining
traitors in office, and shielding and protecting trai-
tors and their property by our Army; and I do
most emphatically denounce that policy, or rather
that wantof policy, which releases the murderers
of our soldiers on parole of honor and the oath
of allegiance. What is oath or honor to these
assassins and barbarians > How many times have
they been released and violated both, returning
again to the rebel army to take the lives of the
very men who had spared their own.
Sir, the attempt to subdue this rebellion by im-
posing all the burdens of the war upon the loyal
people of the"*iution and kissing the rebels will fail,
ignominiousiy fail. One year's sad experience
of this policy, it would seem to me, ought to be
sufficient to wake-up the Government to the fact
that this is not a rose-water war, and that the
traitors cannot be induced to return to their alle-
giance by kindness and promises.
I will not take up the time of the House in enu-
merating the instances in which parties have been
arrested and released, nor will I attempt to describe
the barbarous treatment of our prisoners, our
wounded and dead, by the same men to whom
such protection and leniency have been shown. It
is enough to say here, that it is a policy which
does gross injustice to loyal southern men in the
localities where our armies command the country,
and necessarily outrages every sentiment of justice
in our own troops,and, as a consequence, destroys
the efficiency of our Army. In my intercourse
with the soldiers, this was the burden of their
complaint, to which they added the fear that such
temporizing would end at last in a cowardly com-
promise.
SOLDIERS FIGHTING YOUR BATTLES IN FAVOR OF
CONFISCATION.
No men in this nation are more astounded at,
or feel more deeply, the apathy of Congress on
this question of the confiscation of property of
rebels than the soldiers who are fighting your bat-
tles, while you arc here hesitating as to whether
you will release the rebels fiom all the burdens
of this most expensive war, and impose a tax
upon the loyal people which of itself will amount
to a confiscation bill. Sir, if this question of the
confiscation of the property and the liberation of
the slaves of rebels could be submitted to a vote
of our Army now scattered throughout the south-
ern States, there would be no doubt about its pas-
sage, as, I regret to say, there is great doubt to-
day whether both these needful and righteous
measures will be enacted into a law by the vote
of the American Congress.
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF CONFISCATION ONDER THE
WAR POWER.
Mr. Speaker, the stern necessities of war may
and often must disregard private rights. The
laws of war, in time'of war, supersede all other
laws, whether organic or statute. The great safe-
guard of individual rights, the habeas corpus, is
suspended, private property of all kinds is taken
whenever, in the opinion of the commanding gen-
eral, it may be necessary; persons are arrested,
tried, convicted, and executed by court-martial;
the protections which the Constitution throw
around the citizen in time of peace yield amid the
din of battle to the inexorable laws of war, by
which alone, at such a time as the present, can
the life,liberty, and property of the citizen be pro-
tected in the States where our armies are in the
field.
The Constitution provides that Congress shall
have power—
"To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal,
and make rules concerning captures oil land and water."
" l'o raise and support armies, but no appropuation of
money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years."
"To provide and maintain a navy."
" To make lulcs lor the government of the land and naval
forces."
" To provide for calling foith the militia to execute the
laws of tile Union, supptcss iusuirections, and lenel in-
vasions.."
" To piovide for organizes, arming, and disciplining the
niililia. and lor governing sueli part of them as may be em-
ployed in the seivice of tile United Slates, reserving to the
States respectively the appointment of the o(lieeis-,and tile
authority of naming the inilitia according to tlie discipline
prescribed by Congress."
" To make ali laws winch may be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all
ofher powers vested by Mils Constitution m the Government
of the United States, or in any depaitineiit or office thereof.''
Congress being clothed with those ample pow-
ers by the express letter of the Constitution, and
having recognized (he existence of war, and raised
and equipped an m my to resist the lebels in arms
against the Government, the laws of war are at
once called into exercise, and supersede all other
laws whenever, in the opinion of the Commander-
in-Chief, the necessity for it exists.
JOHN QUINCY ADAMS AND OTHERS ON THE WAR
POWER.
This being our condition to-day, the question
is, what are the laws of war, as rccognizrd by the
law of nations ? John Ctuincy Adams, than whom
no abler or more comprehensive statesman has
ever dignified and adorned the position of Chief
Magistrate, said, in speaking of this subject:
" I lay tills down as the law of nations. I say that mil-
itary authority take*, for tiic time, the place of nil muni-
cipal institutions, ami slavery among the icsf; and that, un-
der that state of thing?*, so tar fiom its beirffc true that the
Stales where slavery exists have the exclusive management
of the hubjea, not only the PreMdcnt of the United States,
but the commander of the Army, has power to order the
universal emancipation of iheslaves." * * * *
" Fiom the iiiM,anr that the slaveholdin^,States become the
theater oi a war, civil, servile, or foreign, trom that instant
the war power-of Congi ev> extend to interference with the
institution or slavery, in every way in which it can be inter-
fered with, from a chum of indemnity for slaves taken or
desuoved, to die cession of States, burdened with slavery,
to a foreign Power." * * * * u It is a war
povvei. I say n. is a war power; and when your country 13
actually in wm, whethei it be a war of invasion or a war
of insurrection, Congress lias power to carry on the war,
and must can y it on, according to the laws of war; and by
the lawn of war, an invaded country has all us Jaws and
municipal institutions swept by the boaid, and maitial
power takes the place of them. When two hostile armies
are set in martial array, the commanders of both armies
have power to emancixjJite all the slaves in the invaded
territory."
On the 25th of May, 1836, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, Mr. Adams made one of the great-
est speeches of his life. In defining the power of
Congress and the President over the question of
slavery in time of peace as well as in time of war,
he said:
" There are then, Mr Chairman, in the authority of Con-
gress and of the Executive two classes of powers, alto-
gether different in their nature, and often incompatible with
each other—the war power and the peace power. The
peace power i* limited by regulations, and restricted by
pjovisions, prescribed within the Constitution itself. The
war powei is limited only by the laws and usages of na-
tion*. This power is tremendous ; it is strictly constitu-
tional, hut if bieaks down eveiy bairier so anxiout-ly erect-
ed for the pioteetion of liberty, of property, and^of life."
"There are, indeed, powers of peace conferred upon
Congress which also come within the scope and juiis.dic-
tion of the laws of nations; such asthe negotiation of uea-
ties of amity and commerce, the interchange of public min-
isters and consuls, and all the personal and social inter-
