1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
728
that the forces already raised and already armed
and in the field should be continued. The com-
mittee therefore made an agreement to adopt this
proposition to keep in the service the number of
men now in the field, and to allow no more to be
raised under the arrangement between the Presi-
dent and the Governor of Missouri.
Then, sir, us.to these forces raised in the State
of Maryland 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator how long these Missouri troops are
in the service for, arid whether they are under the
orders of officers of the Army of the United States?
What I want to know is whether we are support-
ing a local militia for the State of Missouri, and not
subject to the genera! orders of the Government?
Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Missouri rises. I give way to him.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe I can answer
the gentleman. I understand that the Senator
from Illinois asks the question, for what length
of time the troops referred to in the bill now be-
fore the Senate have been enlisted? I answer, for
three years or during the war in Missouri. They
have been organized under an order made by the
President, dated November 5, 1861. While I am
up, without intending totrespass upon the time of
the Senator ftom Massachusetts, I will state the
circumstances under which these troops have been
organized, and-the reason why this report should
be adopted.
We have had difficulties in Missouri that have
not been experienced perhaps in the loyal States
of the Union generally. I cannot claim regularity
foreverything thathas been done in Missouri, but
1 claim an honest effort upon the partof the loyal
citizens of Missouri to maintain the relations of
that State with the Federal Government. During
the early pai t of the spring we found it necessary
to enter upon organizations that wete perhaps not
strictly justified by law. But rebellion itself was
not limited nor trammeled by law; and whilst
efforts were being made in the State of Missouri
to seize upon the arsenals in that State, and to
place the arms belonging to the Federal Govern-
ment there in the same position that they had been
placed m the other slaveliolding States; whilst
they were making earnest efforts for that end, and
there was danger that they would succeed in the
project, the loyal citizens of Missouii organized
themselves into what were termed " home guards,"
under an order, as 1 understand, made at that time
by the Secretary of'War, at least by permission
granted,and arms were furnished by the Federal
Government in order that we might checkmate the
operationsof the rebels in Missouri. Theyentered
the service for a period of three months. The or-
ganization was informal. Large numbers of those
men served for and during the period of three
months; hut owing to some difficulty, some in-
formality m their organization, they have never
yet been paid one dollar for their services.
It appearing to the convention and to the people
of Missouri, in July last, that unless extraoidinary
efforts were made upon our part in Missouri the
material wealth of the State would be swept away
by the operations of the rebellion in the State, the
convention was called together and we passed a
law for the organization of State forces to act in
conjunction with the Fe.dr.ral troops and to drive
the invaders from our soil. That law was not effi-
cient to do what we desired that it should do. It
is true that we could organize forces und< r the
law*; but the difficulty was that the financial con-
dition of the State was such that we could prom-
ise them nothing. However, we made the effort:
we did all that the loyalty of the citizens of the
State demanded; wo made an earnest and an hon-
est effort. The " homeguards"that had been pre-
viously organized under the order of the Secre-
tary of War, or an agreement rather to receive
them and to pay them from the FedcralTreasury,
were disbanded, and reorganized under the law
passed by the convention in July. It soon be-
came apparent that the condition of the State treas-
ury was such that it was utterly impossible for
us to support these troops m the field. The con-
vention was subsequently called together m Octo-
ber and an effort was then made by the convention
to ptovide the means of payment for these troops.
We again did ail that we could; we taxed theie-
souices of the State, and did all that loyalty de-
manded at our hands to provide waystmd means
to keep these troops in the field. It was thought
advisable by the loyal members of the convention
that some effoi t should be made on the partof our
Governor with the authorities of the Federal Gov-
ernment, by which the tioops that had been or-
ganized under the act of the convention might be
paid from the Federal Treasury. In that way we
were enabled to furnish the men and to do effect-
ive sei vice m the State of Missouri. Governor
Gamble proceeded to Washington and made an
airangement with the President of the United
States, a copy of which I hold m my hand. One
paragraph of it I will read:
"Executive Mansion, Washington',
November 5, 1861.
"The Governor ot the State of Missouri, acting under
the duectton of the convention of that Ptate, proposes to
the Government of the United Stales that lie will raise a
nnlifar) foiec to serve within the Slate as State militiadur-
in? the wartheie, toco. pciate with the troops in the service
of the United States in icpclhnjj'thc invasion of that State
and suppressing ichellion thejein ; the -said State militia to
he embodied and to be held in the camp and in the field,
drilled, disciplined, and governed, according to theAimy
regulation's, and subject to the attieles of war; the said
State militia not to be ordcied out of the State except for
the immediate defense of the State of Missouri, but to co-
opeiate with the troops* in the bcrnee of the United States
in militaiy npeiations within the State or necessary to its
defense, and when officers of the State militia act with
officers in the sei vice of the United States oflhe same grade,
the ofliecrs of the United States service s'.ial! command the
combined force. The State militia to be armed, equipped,
clothed, subsisted, transported, and paid by the United
States during such time as they shall he actually engaged as
an embodied mihtaiy foice in seiviee, in aeeoidanee with
lepulations of the United States Anny or general oulers as
issued ftom time to tune."
Upon the making of this order by the President
of the United States, the troops that had been pre-
viously organized under the ordinance of the con-
vention of July, 1861, were disbanded, and an
organization immediately took place under this
ai rangement.
Thus Senators will perceive that originally there
was an organization in the State, gotten up from
the most patriotic motives, of three months' vol-
unteers; the convention m July passed an act pro-
viding for an organization for six months; troops
were organized under that law; organized any-
where and everywhere that their loyalty required
them to organize. When this arrangement was
made between the President and the Governor,
they were disbanded,and were reoiganized. Thus
there have been three several organizations. Be-
tween eight and ten thousand troops—ccrtainly
nine thousand—have been organized under the
arrangement between the President and the Gov-
ernor; and are now in the field under command of
Federal officers m the State of Missouri; and with-
out attempting to say anything against the troops
from other States of the American Union that are
there aiding us in putting down this infamous re-
bellion in our State, these troops arc doing the
most effective sei vice of any troops in the State.
Why should it not be so? They know the coun-
try; they know the individuals with whom they
have to deal; they know the character of the re-
bellion; they know everything that is necessary
to be known by troops m oider to make them
effective in the field, and ultimately triumph over
the rebellion in the State.
The amendment that was originally adopted by
the Senate and incorporated m tins bill provided
that these tioops should be turned adrift again.
Sir, they have already been disbanded twice. They
have organized whereverthey were called upon by
the loyal men of Missouri to organize;and now I
do not desire thr m to be disbanded again. Where
is the necessity for it? Gentlemen may say that
it is wrong that troops should be organized in any
particular State of the Union for service within
the borders of that State, or for the immediate de-
fense of that State. Let us take for granted that
such is the fact; yet theie is a peculiarity in the
condition of things in States like Missouii that
may be called semi-loyal. It is not likely if these
men were organized even during the war to serve
in any portion of the American Union, that they
wou'd be removed by any commander who knew j
his duties, from the State of Missouri. Their ser- i
vice can be more effectual there than anywhere !
else; they can hp used more advantageously to the I
cause of the Union there; they can do moiethere !
than any other troops that may be Mmt into the i
State. Why not let them icnjain tlieie? It is i
tiue that the Senate amendment originally pro-
vided fordisbandingall these troops; butthis com- i
promise was made by the committee of confer- !
ence between the two Houses so as to leave tlie
troops that are already organized in the State to
act under the arrangement made between the Pres-
ident and the Governor, under which they have
been organized and put into the field for active
service. I desire that they may remain. They
are doing good service; certainly as good service
as any tioops in the State. I hope that the report
of the committee of conference will be adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will merely add
to what my colleague has said, in answer to the
question of the Senator from Illinois, that these
troops ore by agreement expressly placed under,
the command of the commandant of the depart-
ment of Missouri. They are controlled by that
oificer,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appreciate whathasbeen
said by the Senator from Missouii, [Mr. Hender-
son,] that the local forces which are raised in Mis-
souri are probably, from their acquaintance with
the country and the people, more serviceable than
any other forces which could be sent there; and I
also appreciate, to some extent, the peculiar con-
dition of the State of Missouri; but yet there are,
to my mind, very great objections to allowing any
State to have a local militia paid by the Unitea
States, although, as I understand from the Senator
who lastspoke, this local militia is to be controlled
in the State of Missouri by the officers of the
United States. .
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will add that the
commandant of that department has made orders
for the regulation of this militia, which have been
published from time to time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Within the State of Mis-
souri; and I suppose they cannfct be taken out of
the borders of that State without their consent.
Mr. HENDERSON. They can for the imme-
diate defense of the State, and I suppose that is to
be left within the judgment and the discretion of
the commander, if he oiders them out, deeming
it necessary for the immediate defense of the State,
even though it be to go to New Orleans, they will
be compelled to go.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not material, perhaps,
to ascertain precisely how tins militia differs from
the regular force of the United States. It does differ
from the other volunteer forces. Perhaps these
troops can, under certain circumstances, be taken
out of the State, as is suggested; but the objection
to this organization is what I have stated* 1 am
not in favor of disbanding these troops, as they
have been raised. To do so might have a bad
efleet, and therefore, perhaps, we had better con-
cur in this report. 1 do not know—and I shall
make no strenuous opposition to it; but it seems
to me that it would have been much better if these
forces laised in Missouri had been raised on the
same principles as the forces raised in the State
of Illinois, and subjcct. to the same conditions as
forces raised all over the country. Then, as has
been very truly remarked, no general who under-
stood his duty would withdraw the Missouri
troops from that State when it was in danger.
But that we should pay and arm and equip and
pay the transportation and furnish the supplies
for a local militia which stands upon a different
footing from the other tioops laised in the United
States, I think, is very bad policy. However, sir,
having called the attention of the Senate to this
matter, I shall not make any further strenuous
opposition to it. I think it is bad policy, and I
wish it could be avoided.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM TIXE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieiudge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill (S. No. 181) au-
thorizing the detail of naval officers for the ser-
vice of the War Department.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (S.No.
190) to authorize an additional issue of United
States notes; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President.
NATIONAL SAVINGS INSTITUTION.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 3d instant;
Resolved, Tli.it the Committee on Fmancc be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing by law a
