  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1862.
New Series No. 170,
the condition in which it was before. The trouble
is that the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by indirection, fixes it at Newport,
while it ought to be left open to be fixed by the
Secretary of the Navy and President wherever
they see fit.
Mr. KING. After what he said, I supposed
the Senatoi from Iowa would really meet the ques-
tion more directly and boldly. He has avowed
his own individual opinion; and this amendment
provides the money for the return of the academy
to Annapolis, which the House bill did not do.
That is an amendment to which the Senator from
Iowa made no aliusion whatever; and it is the fact
that an appropriation of the money for that pur-
• pose, leaving it to the authorities, is a provision
for us return, and it makes, in my judgment, that
implication. The words which 1 propose to add,
of course, remove any such implication, and leave
the matter entirely in the discretion of the author-
ities, without any expression by implication on
the part, of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Having voted alone
just now upon a proposition that I offered, I de-
sire that with that vote the reasons for it shall go
to the country, and I shall give them very briefly
indeed. I fear, Mr. President, that this rebellion
is to be crushed out, leaving slavery nearly as
powerful as before the rebellion commenced, and
that this war will have to be fought over again by
our children. Slavery being left as powerful as
I think it will be, the war will have to be fought
over again by our children; and I am unwilling,
if the war is to be fought over again, that the
means of robbing the Government shall be given
to this power. Here is the threshold, and I
wanted to leeord my vote against, the Naval Acad-
emy being placed in a slave State without some
guarantee of the extinguishment of slavery. My
colleague answers that Maryland is a loyal State.
That is true in one sense, although I suppose that
Senator would be willing to admit that Maryland
gave strong evidences of her disloyalty at the out-
set of this war. Soon South Carolina will be a
loyal State in the same sense, and Geoigia and
Alabama also; soon propositions will be before
this body to establish armories there, to be robbed
again. Desiiing to act consistently, I have cast
a vote against this policy, so that, while the war
may be renewed, the Government shall not furnish
the means of waging war against itself.
Mr ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from New York
to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this amend-
ment merely disclaims all intention on the part of
the bill to locate the academy at one place or an-
other, leaving it in the discretion of the President,
leaving the bill what Senators on the Naval Com-
mittee say it clearly is by implication.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to know from the
Senator from Iowa—I am not informed myself,
and I have no doubt he can give me the informa-
tion—whether the amendment proposed by the
committee, the appropriation as proposed by the
committee, is not, without the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator from New York, in the
usual form of these appropriations; whether it has
been usual in making these appropriations, to add
to them a condition that they should not be con-
strued in tins or that way.
Mr. GRIMES. I never heaid of such a case
before.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can quote a hundred of
them. Our appropriation bills are full of such
provisoes. We all know they an-*. 1 lefer to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether it is
my obtuseness or the perversity of others who do
nor comprehend this whole subject. Ifgentlemen
who have this appropriation lull befoiethem will
just it'frt to the eleventh page, second paragraph,
they will see what was the original proposition.
Foi icm of quarters foi the Naval Academy at Newport,
wagebill™itui c5atuS contingent expenses therefor, $48,047.
We supposed that because the word 44 New-
170
port" was inserted, it was intended to recognize
the existence of the Naval Academy at Newport,
and therefore $e proposed to strike out the word
"Newport." Then we referred to the detailed
estimates,and found theamount of contingentex-
penses. and the amount of wages, &e., paid for
servants and all the contingencies, to be $22,797.
That is what we propose to appropriate, saying
nothing about Annapolis, saying nothing about
Newport, saying nothing about Perth Amboy, or
any other place, leaving the thing entirely open
and at the discretion of the Secretury of the'Navy.
Then we propose to add another appropriation,
which is separate and distinct from this, appro-
priating $25,000 for the repair of the buildings of
the Naval Academy at Annapolis, which, as has
been said by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, the Piesident or Secretary of the Navy
may direct to be expended or not, precisely as he
sees fit. Thus we leave the whole matter in the
hands of the Secretary of the Navy; but if we
adopt the House bill as it is, it will be inferred
that the academy is located at Newport.
Mr. ANTHONY. Itseems to me that thereare
two constructions possible to he put upon the lan-
guage of this amendment. There is one construc-
tion which the Senator from Iowasays the Naval
Committee put upon it; but some of us think it
will bear a different construction, enough of us,
certainly, to establish the fact that there is a fair
ground for difference of opinion. Now, we ask
that it may be made clearly to express what the
Senator from Iowa says it already does express.
What harm is there in that? That is the effect
of the amendment of the Senator from New Yoi k.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I want to enter mydissent
to the doctrine that has been avowed on this floor,
that mi officer of this Government, when an ap-
propriation is made for a specific purpose, has a
discretion to expend that money or not, just as
he pleases. I hold that when Congress makes an
appropriation for a specific object, it is the duty
of the officer charged with the execution of the
particular service to see that it is performed.
The question being taken by yeas and n£ys on
the amendment of Mr. King, resulted—yeas 15,
nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Foot, Fos-
tei, Hovva-d. Howe, King, Lane of Kansas MorriJI, Pom-
eroy. Simmon-*, Sumn< r, Ten Evck, and Trumbull—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, C.irhk', Clark,(Jolhiiner,Da-
vis, Doohttlt!, Fevsemien. Giime«. Half, Hatian, Hender-
son, Kennedy,.Lane ot Indiana, Latham, MeDougall, N'es-
imth, Powell, SauKbury, Static, VVillcv, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, Wilson ofMirfsonii,and VVntrlH—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that, i desire to vote against what I legard, under
the declarations of the committee and the votes
which have been taken, as rather directing the re-
turn of this academy to Annapolis. I am opposed
to that direction being given.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Mes>rs. Biownmg, Cailile, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolntle, Fes^enden. Foot, Fo-t^r, Grimes, Hale,
Italian, Henderson, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana,
Latham, MeDougall. Mouill, Nesnnth, Pnmeroy, Powell,
Salisbury, .Mark. Willey, WiKon of' Massachusetts, Wil-
son oi Mibvmui, and Wnght—28.
NAYs?—Anthony. Chandler, Hovvaid, King,
Lane of Kansas, {Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, and Tiuui-
bull—9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have several amendments to pro-
pose to the third section,in relation to the salaries
of the cleiksat the navy-yard and navy agency at
Mare Island, California. These amendments are
proposed on consultation with the c.hiefof the but
ivau and the Senator from California. I am no-
particulai ly acquainted with the nature of the du-
ties; but these salanesare not as high nor the num-
ber of cleiks as many as the chief of the bureau
thinks they ought to be. I present the amend-
ments which have been agreed upon by the com-
mittee, with the concurrence of the Senator from
California. I move in the fourth line of the third
section to strike out" fifteen hundred,"and insert
" two thousand*," in the fifth line to strike out
" twelve," and insert "fifteen;" in the sixth line
to strike out " twelve," and insert " fifteen;5* in
same line to strike out " nine," and insert " fif-
teen;" m the eighth line, to strike out "nine,"
and insert "fifteen;" and in the twelfth line to
strike out " seven hundred and fifty," and insert
" one thousand;" so as to make the section read:
Skc. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That the pay of the
cleiks of the navy-yar<l and unvy agency at Mure Island,
shall he a<< follow*, namely: one clerk to navy agent, $2,000
per annum ; one clerk to navy agent, $1,500; one clerk to
the commandant £1,500 ; one clerk of theyaid, $1,500} one
clerk to the paymaster and inspector of provisions, &c.,
$1,500; one cleik to the naval constructor, $900; one clerk
to the civil engineer $900 ; one draughtsman to civil en-
gineer, $1,200; one steward to paymaster, $1,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the proviso
to the appropnation for the navy-yard at Mare
Island, between lines one hundred and sixty-eight
and one hundred and seventy-five of the first sec-
tion, in these words:
Provided. That no expenditure for completing officers*
houses shall he nieuired until complete plans and specifi-
cations, with estimates of eo-t in detail, shall be furnished
to and approved l>v the Secretaiy ot the Navy, and the woik
shall be done by contract after due and public advertise-
ment (or ptopo-a!-; but no pmtion of this appropriation
shall be expfiidtd unlrss the work can be completed for
the *.uni hcH'by appiopnated.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to inquire
why that is to be stricken out. It seems to me to
be a very proper proviso.
Mr. HALE. There are existing laws enough
to regulate the whole matter without putting in
this proviso. As was explained to the committee
by the chief of the bureau, the existing laws and
the regulations of the Navy Department are per-
fectly competent to regulate this matter, and such
a proviso as this would be embarrassing to the
officers.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope I shall not be out of
order if I point the Senator from Illinois, who
wanted to know if there ever was a proviso in an
appropriation bill, and who was answered by the
Senator from Iowa that it was unprecedented, to
this one in this very bill.
Mr. GRIMES. But we piopose to strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The last amendment which I am
instructed by the committee to offer is to strike
out lines one hundred and thirty-one, one hun-
dred and thirty-two,one hundred and thirty-three,
one hundred and thirty-four, and one hundred and
thirty-five, in these words:
For tiie purchase of land and wharf adjoining the navy-
yard at Chaile.-town, M.e^achu^etts, owned by Oakman
and Eldndge, and extruding fiom Charles river to Water
street, and eontauimgabout one hundred and twenty thou-
sand square feet, ,$123,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
chairman of the Naval Committee why he pro-
poses to sti ike out that part of the bill ?
Mr. HALE. I will state the reason. Here is
an appiopi lation of $123,000 for the purchase of
about one hundred feet fiont of land on the right
hand side or the west side of the Charlestown
navy-yard, running back considerably; I do not
remember exactly how far it runs back.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It must run back a thou-
sand feet, I suppose.
Mr. HALE. It is about one hundred feet front,
and it is on the west side of the dry-dock in the
Charlestown navy-yard. The committee had not
facts enough before tin m to satisfy them that the
wants of the service required it; and they believed
that a great portion of tin- conveniences required
by the yard might be obtained by dredging; on the
east side of the dock—land and shore which the
Government already own; and therefore they were
not prepared, in this state of the Treasury, at this
time, to approps late so large a sum lor buying so
small a strip of land, when they think the navy-
yard can be ps well accommodated by using land
which we now own on the other side of the dock.
That was the ground of the committee.
