2706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
, ,Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will sim-
ply say that I have been informed by persons con-
nected with the navy-yard, in the service of the
Government of the United States, that this iand
is necessary to the Government. I have been upon
the land, and know something of it. I believe that
it ought to be a part of the navy-yard; but I do
not know that this is exactly the hour to enter
upon this expenditure, and it may be that the
committee is right. I think it should have been
purchased years ago by the Government of the
United States.
Mr. GIMMES. I am not altogether clear that
we ought not to buy this land. The difficulty
grows out of the fact that the supreme court of
Massachusetts, as I understand* have made a de-
cision that a person owning land can build a
wharf out at right angles from the land; and the
persons owning the land adjacent to and abutting
upon the west side of the navy-yard have availed
themselves of that privilege. The river makes a
bend at that place; and since we have built our
dry-dock,and since we have built our ship-ways
where the Vermont was launched, and other ves-
sels have been launched, the adjoining owners
have built out their dock so as to interfere with the
use. of a portion of our property. I am told by
the chief of the Bureau of Docks and Yards that
it would be impossible at this time to launch thy
Vermont, for instance, if she was still upon the
ways, for the reason that the person who owns
the abutting property has built his wharf out so
as to cut off the means of access to this place; and
it is upon that ground, 1 understand, that this ap-
plication was made, and that the House of Rep-
resentatives put in this appropriation. I have
nothing to say about it further than this.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 know something of this
land; I have been upon it. It is a very valuable
property, which the United States has for many
years desired to possess, but it was not able to
purchase it at any price that it was willing to pay;
it can now have it; it is within its roach. It is
considered very important and very valuable. I
should say. seeing it as I have in passing, and
having been upon it, knowing its neighborhood to
the navy-yard, that it was to the navy-yard very
important. I can hardly imagine an acquisition
that would be of more practical importance to that
yard, and I have had a good many letters on the
subject from persons in the neighborhood urging
that the arrangement should be carried through,
that it was important to all concerned, and that as
the land was now within reach, we should not let
it slip. I hope that the proposition of the House
of Representatives will be sustained.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be and he is hereby amhoiized and empowered to divert
$1,000,000 appropriated for building ve-^uls of war by the
act approved April 19, 186-2, entitled " Ail act making ad-
ditional appropiiationa for Hie naval seivice for the year
ending 00th of June, 18G2," and to u«*c the same in lillniff,
pjJui<r, and embanking, and pioparingLeague island, in the
Delawaie liver, for a navy-yard and (or othei naval pui-
posen,and to erect thereon such wharves, dock*, buildings,
and maehmeiy a* may be deemed neee^ary foi the public
scmea: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall
be satisfied that «ud island is we'll adapted for naval
put poses as aforesaid: Jlnd provided further, That a fee
simple title to bind Lea cue i-land and'the marsh adjacent
to or above tiie tame and \vo<t of the. north channel of ihe
Schuylkill river to low water mark, shall be fust seemed
to and vested in the United States fiec of all charge to the
United Stales.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That proposes to build
a new navy-yard. I think it is hardly the time to
undertake anything of that sort. Certainly there
ought to be some very excellent reasons for it.
We have got a^reat many navy-yards now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have lost some.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have retaken some
of them; we have retaken the yard at Norfolk,
and that at Pensacolu.
Mr. FOSTER. And the one at Brunswick.
Mr. ANTHONY. And at Memphis.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have one at Ports-
mouth, one at Boston, one at Philadelphia, one
at New York, and one at Washington. It seems
to be hardly the time now, in the present statoof
our finances to begin a new navy-yard.
Mr. GRIMES. I think i can furnish very sub-
stantial leasons for it, if the Senator will listen
to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There can surely bo no
pressing necessity for it.
Mr. GRIMES. The present war has demon-
strated one fact, I think very conclusively to all
those who have paid any attention to naval mat-
ters; and that is, that all our navy-yards are of
altogether too small capacity. There is only one,
and that at New York, which has not been claim-
ing, or attempting to have a large amount of land
secured for it. For seven years in succession
the Navy Department has recommended to Con-
gress to appropriate between eighty and one hun-
dred thousand dollars to make an addition to the
Philadelphia navy-yard, as it has for the Charles-
town navy-yard; but for seven years this recom-
mendation has been unsuccessful. The whole
amount of land which it was proposed to add for
that sum was about a hundred feet front, which
would bring them to a street, and there the game
would be entirely blocked, and it would be im-
possible to extend the yard beyond that unless
the city authorities of Philadelphia could be in-
duced to vacate that street and give us a title to it.
The area of the yard in the city of Philadelphia
is only, I think, some seventeen acres; there is
not frontage enough; and that gentlemen proba-
bly all know, is the great point in a navy-yard,
to have plenty of frontage where ships can come
up and lay alongside the wharf, where their ar-
maments can be taken out and put in, and their
supplies easily taken out and put in, where they
can take out their masts and rigging. There is
not room enough at the Philadelphia yard to lay
one ship abreast of the wharf, and we have been
paying for a succession of years a large amount
for rent.
Now, Mr. President, just about one mile below
the navy-yard at Philadelphia is an island called
League island, which embraces between three and
four hundred acres; and this amendment is to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to divcrta por-
tion of the money that was appropriated by a
former act of this Congress, for the purpose of
filling up and preparing this ground for a navy
yard.
Mr.'FESSENDEN. Do the committee recom-
mend it?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, unanimously; and
upon the recommendation of the Department. The
amendment proposes that tins shall be doneupon
thecgnditiou, fiist, that the Secretary of the Navy
shall satisfy himself thoroughly as to the pioper
foundations, and whether the ground is poifectly
adapted for the purpose; and second, that a fee
simple title to the land shall be first securcdto the
United States, free and clear of all expense to the
Federal Government down to low-water mark.
Therefore, we expend nothing for the three hun-
dred and fifty or four hundred acres of land we
obtain. The title, in the firstplace, is to be secured
to the Government free of cluuge, and then the
money is not to be diverted fiom the original de-
sign of Congress, in appropriating it for the con-
struction of iron ships, until the Department has
satisfied itself that that is the proper place for tin:
erection of these buildings.
The next question is, why should this establish-
ment be erected at this place? In the first place
it is on the Delaware river, far up on the river,
and is more susceptible of perfect defense against
a foe who approaches our coast, than any'other
place on our coast. In the nextplace it is below
tiie narrows in the liver, which are just below the
city of Philadelphia, and is not subject to be in-
jured by the gorge of ice, to which trouble our
present location of the navy-yard is subjected.
In the third place it is in the city of Philadelphia;
the island is made by the disemboguement of the j
Schuylkill into the Delaware river, where the
principal portion of the coal comes down from the
Schuylkill valley, and where coal and iron are
more accessible than at any other point in the
United States.
Now, sir, if our Navy is gradually to be turned
into an iron Navy, it seems to me that this is the
very place of all others where we should have a
navy-yo rd. It gives to us in the first place two and
a half miles of frontage where all our vessels can
lie, if wc see fit to lay them in the water; but I sup-
pose it is known to everybody here that iron ves-
sels soon decay in the water. If we gradually
work into an iron Navy, wc have got to devise
some way of taking them out of the water in time
ofpeace, and putting them on a cradle or in a dock
where they will not be subjected to the decay they
arc subject to when in water that is salt, or par-
tially salt, or even in fresh water. With these
three hundied and fifty or four hundred acres of
land we have a navy-yard of sufficient capacity
to do that.
Now, in regard to the expense, I ar$ informed
by those who have looked into the subject, by
the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who has given
the subject some attention, that the old navy-yard
can be sold for as much as the new yard will cost.
We propose to gradually move down the old yard.
The dry dock is a sectional dock. It can be moved
downtothisplace. We propose gradually to move
the old navy-yard down to this place and then to
abandon the old navy-yard, and sell it to those who
may wish to buy it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there was any man in
the Senate in whose economical ideas I had con-
fidence, it was in those of my friend from Iowa;
but after all I suspect he is like other men. When
he gets upon his peculiar views, he is apt to forget
what applies to all other matters. I think I shall
have to contrive to get him on the Committee on
Finance after a while, where we are bound to look
out for everything.
Now, sir, that possibly might be in some case
or at some future time a very wise arrangement,
but in the first place, it has not been sufficiently
investigated. We have no report upon it at all.
Accordmgtothe showingofmy friend from Iowa,
there has been nothing but the private opinions of
gentlemen connected with the Navy Department.
The Assistant Secretary of the Navy is the only
gentleman whose opinion is named on the subject.
It has been investigated by the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say to the Senator that
I have to-day read a letter from his friend Profes-
sor Bache on the subject, giving the depth of water
around this place and its capacity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Professor Bache isagen-
tleman in whose judgment my friend has such en-
tire confidence that 1 do not wonder at his citing
him; but even the opinion of Professor Bache gives
only the depth of water, &c. Those are mere tacts.
I do not dispute any of those at all; but the ques-
tion is, can we undertake it at the present time? In
the first place, the Senatoi says it does not make
an appropiiation; it only diverts one. If we take
away from one place where money has been ap-
propriated and needed, we have got to fill up the
vacuum caused by taking that money, I suppose,
so that wc save nothing in that particular.
My objection to this proposition is twofold: in
the first place, that there has been no scientific in-
vestigation ofit; no ascertainment of the necessary
facts with regard to it. For instance: one of the
arguments of my friend was that we can sell the
old navy-yard for as much as the new one will
cost. That is a mere matter of supposition. It is
one of the arguments adduced to press the matter.
The other objection is, that we have already navy-
yards enough even if wc dispense with Philadel-
phia altogether. It has been a common complaint
that we had too many navy-yards, and in point
of fact we have in this country. It has arisen from
the fact that we arc so situated that every part of
the country must have its peculiar navy-yard, for
fear it shall not get enough of the public patron-
age. We have got now a great many more navy-
yaids than Great Britain or France has.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; more than either
of them. Tiie Senator can name them over and
show me.
Mr. GRIMES. I think I can name several.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
We have one at Portsmouth which we have just
voted to enlarge by buying fifty, or sixty, or a
hundred acres of land—I do not know how much
—with wutei that is unsurpassed in the country,
and that will afford facilities for everything that
is needed. We have got the Boston navy-yard,
which to be sure is somewhat contracted in Us di-
mensions, and a little difficult to get at, but still
a navy-yard. Wc have another at New York,
which the Senator admits to be, in point of extent,
all that is demanded. We have the facilities for
another at Norfolk." We have one on the other
side of the mountains, and one at Memphis be-
sides.
Under these circumstances, what in the world
is the use of undertaking this thing now to-day?
