7-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
national institution of saving, and fiscal agent of the Gov-
ernment; and that they have Jeave to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. SIMMONS. When I offered this vesolu-
tion, I said that when it should be taken up for
consideration by the Senate I would make a few
remarks upon the importance of it. It proposes
to refer to the Committee on Finance the question
of a national institution of savings and'fiscal agent
for the Government. I desire to call the attention
ofthe Senate to some of the reasons for establishing
sfuch an institution, but before I do so I will ad-
vert to the constitutional power of Congress to
establish it. Hitherto we have been vexed with
some questions of constitutional power when we
have undertaken to establish a fiscal agent of the
Government. On that point, I shall only allude
briefly to our history.
It Is well known that for forty years of our
national existence we had such an institution m
substance as this resolution contemplates. I do
not propose to debate the question of the power
of the Government to establish corporations, for I
do not intend to bring forward any such measure
in committee; but if 1 were to frame a bill for the
purpose, I would give to this institution substan-
tially all the powers that the two former national
banks had. The first of those institutions, it is
well known, was established at the First Congress
ofthe United States; and iq that Congress there
were from each State one or more of the members
of the convention that had just framed the Con-
stitution. The President of the United States had
been president of the convention. He had two
or three of the most prominent members of the
convention in his Cabinet. It has always appeared
to me that if there was any body of men ever as-
sembled in the United States that ought to under-
stand the meaning of the Constitution, it was that
body who may be said to have made it. They
considered their constitutional powers ample to
enable them to provide such an institution for the
country. That has always settled in my mind the
question as to the constitutional power of Con-
gress.
It has since been settled, I believe, by various
decisions of the courts. In the history of this
Government during the whole time of the exist-
ence of these two institutions, I have never known
a President who denied the power. Many peo-
ple have supposed that General Jackson denied
the power, because he vetoed the bill to rechnrter
the bank; but, as I have once said in the Senate,
I now repeat, that, in that veto message of his,
anybody who will take the pains to read it will find
that General Jackson said to Congress that if he
had been consulted, he could have given them the
plan of a hunk bill that he would have approved;
and I have no doubt of il. While upon that part
of the subject, 1 will say that,although at the time
I was very much opposed to the veto, subsequent
reflection has satisfied me that it was light, and
that a bank charter ought never to be renewed.
The nature of the institution is such, when you
make it a close corporation, that the directors and
stockholders having had a twenty years'privilege
in it have lost all sympathy for the business com-
munity, by their age merely. Every twenty years
takes out one geneintion of business men in any
community. Stockholders holding' the stock ofa
bank, after it has stood twenty years, have no
more sympathy with the business men of the
country than they have with the man in the moon;
and that is the very reason why one ought novci
to be rechartcred. Like a gieat many other tilings
that I have had strong opinions about, I have f mud
occasion to alter mine about that, i used to think
the bank ought to have been rechartcred; but now
I think otherwise.
I do not mean to enlarge upon the history of
these institutions. I suppose everybody hoio is
more familiar with it than 1 am, so far at least
as the constitutional power of Congress over the
subject is concerned. There is one consideration
that ought to be mentioned in connection with the (
constitutional question; and that is, that an insti- I
tution of this kind is necessary and proper to '
carry on tile functions of the Treasury, to keep
up the exchanges, and to regulate commerce be-
tween the several States.
I intend to make a proposition in committee I
do not make it here—that this shall be a savings
institution,always open to depositors for any sum
equal to fifty dollars, to make u permanent deposit
of it for twenty years, and draw semi-annual divi-
dends just the same as if it was bank stock. I
shall do that because one of the great reasons for
the unpopularity of the old institutions was that,
after they had been in operation a very few years,
the stock was from thirty to ^ifty-seven per cent,
premium, and that excluded everybody who
would not pay so great a premium. Those of us
who have looked at the history of the Bank of
England, know that when about thirty or forty
years ago they increased their capital three or four
millions, as they did, they immediately put it on
the market at $225 for the hundred, making over
six millions sterling on that amount of stock—
•f3,000,000. These exorbitant prices naturally
produce prejudice m the minds of the people who
do not have the privilege. But if we could have
an institution where the rising men of the coun-
try, where the laboring men of the country, where
everybody who could command fifty dollars, could
participate in its benefits, it would never have this
hostile feeling arrayed against it.
I want to call the consideration of the Senate to
another matter. We know that a great deal of
public opinion has been created by an idea that
the association of wealth in this country in the
form of chartered companies was anti-republican.
Anybody who looks into the nature of our present
institutions knows that the great advantage they
derive is from supplying the country with a cur-
rency. That is the principal profitresultingfrom
associating capital for public use in the form of
banks. That currency must rest on a stable aud
permanent credit. How are the. masses of men
to establish such a credit, except by associating
their small means, and making an aggregate that
is competent to give confidence? We have been
trying now for twenty years or more to get a cur-
rency of gold and silver—trying it by all sorts of
enactments, and by the influence of a powerful
press and u powerful party in the country; and
yet I do not suppose there is any more, gold and
silver circulating now as a currency than there
was twenty years ago. The currency being of
paper, it must be furnished cither by individuals
or by associated companies; and for individuals
to do it, as they do in some countries, and have
done sometimes in tins, they must be men of
known wealth. I do not now know of more than
one man in the United States—William B. Astor,
of New York—who has credit enough through-
out the entire country to give currency to his notes
of hand. I do not doubt that there are a great
many; but ho is the only one that I can call to
mind of known credit upon which to base such
an undertaking.
Then how can the people participate in the ad-
vantages of furnishing a currency without associa-
tion ? I always regarded it as a very republican
method, u democratic method, if you please to call
it so, to permit the masses of men to aggregate
their small means and obtain a large capital suffi-
cients base a currency upon, and derive (he ben-
efits resulting from the privilege of furnishing a
currency. It has always been obvious to me that
it was the only way m which the people of the
country could be able to participate in the advant-
ages of supplying the community with a currency.
To a great extent, wi have it now in the local
banks; but where savings institutions are estab-
lished they are invariably excluded from that priv-
ilege. I know of no class of people better entitled
to the piivilcgc of furnishing a curiency than those
who produce from their labor the means to base
it upon, and therefore 1 propose to let everybody
have a chance in this institution.
We tried what was called the deposit-bank sys-
tem, and it failed. Wc have tried the suh-Treas-
nry, and it has failed; and I trust we shall, before
long,repeal the sub-Treasury law, and try to have
a currency, based upon gold anil silver, that will
pass in any part of the United States at par. We
had such a currency for forty years of our exist-
ence, and we may just as well have one for forty
years more as to go hobbling along as we have
for the last twenty years.
An institution of this sort would be of great
benefit to the Government m the aid it would give
in conducting the public debt. The Bank of Eng-
land has a capital of about seventy million dollars.
The last return I saw was, that the bank had
loaned to the Government §105,000,000, (fifty per
cent, more than its capital,) and at the same time
it had loaned to individuals §105,000,000 more.
It had loaned to the Government and the people-
three times the amount of its capital; and yet it
was not exhausted, but had over forty million dol-
lars of coin if) its coffers besides. I cannot see,
for my life, why a bank, such as I have indicated,
with a capital of §100,000,000, could not carry
§100,000,000 of Government loans, which, if we
had a debt of §500,000,000, would, be twenty per
cent, of the debt. The Bank of England only
carries two and a half per cent, of the debt of Eng-
land, and yet that enables that debt to be kept, m
ordinary times, with a steadiness in price nearly
equal with the coin.
I say that an institution of this sort, or some
institution that would enable us to manage the
fiscal concei ns of this Government, would save the
Government at least £>100,000 a year of expenses.
The Bank of England formerly received about two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year for man-
aging the national debt; and to my utter surprise,
I found that its annual losses in the forged paper it
received were over two hundred thousand dollars.
Now, on the plan I propose, the Government could
run no such risk. It is evident that we are going
to be a permanent paper-money country. We are
using nothing but paper money now, and I wish
to call the attention of Senators to what a cur-
rency, in my judgment, ought to be if it l^e paper.
It ought to consist of promises to pay on demand,
so that the holder will always hav£-the legal rem-
edy in his hands to enforce such a payment. It
should be convertible into coin or suable. That
is the difference between a bill of credit and a bank
note. We are now issuing bills of credit. A man
may have millions of them in his pocket, and he
cannot convert a single dollar into coin, because
he cannot sue those who promise to pay. I say
no such currency is safe for any people. I am
not going to complain that we are about to issue
some, because the necessities of the case compel
it; but I say that, as a permanent currency for the
country, it is utterly indefensible.
Then, again, the advantage that will result to
this nation from the influence which an institu-
tion such as I propose would have upon the rates
of interest, are almost inconceivable. I stated the
other day that since the Bank of England was
established, the current rate of interest on the
national debt of England, notwithstanding its
enormous increase, had been reduced from eight
percent, to three per cent., and principally by the
operation of that bank. I have no manner of
doubt that a bank with §100,000,000 capital might
loan the Government $100,000,000, loan to indi-
viduals another $100,000,000, and if they let their -
money at five per cent., they could divide nine
per cent, annually; and it is only by the prospect
of such gains, in my judgment, that you can draw
the money out of the coffers of those who arc now
hoarding it. There are more than two hundred
millions of dollars of gold in this country now,
hoarded by people whom it is doing no good, and
in that condition it is doing the country no good.
If thatgold could be broughtout forgencial use in-
this country, it would reduce.the rate of interest
one fourth, if not one half, in five years. A lngh
rate of interest is one of the most powerful obsta-
cles in the way of the successful development of
our resources. Paying high interest and extra in-
terest has thrown more men into dungeons than
all other forms of oppression put together. Iam
advocating a system that 1 think will be adopted
by the people. In my little State we have savings
institutions, the capital of which is to-day nearly
ten millions of dollars, without participating at all
in the benefits of furmslunga circulating medium
to the country. They divide but five or six per
cent, interest a year; but if you open this institu-
tion to do the business ofthe Government, it could
divide nine per cent., keep out a safe and a uni-
form currency, and at the same time let money to
the business men of the country at five per cent.;
and if it let out its money at six per cent., it could
divide ten per cent, or eleven per cent, profit at the
end of the year.
It may be said that the local hanks would be
injured by it. I do not believe so. I believe it
would merely keep them from a great many de-
vices which they have forgetting extra interest.
I was in business when the last national bank
was established, and it had not been established
a month before all the little devices of the banks
for lapping over and making you date your note
a week back when you got it renewed, and every
