726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10;
struct© d to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill re-
quitingaU quartermasters and other disbursersofthe money
of the Government, before entering upon their official duty,
to execute a bond, payable to the President of the United
States, In such penalty as> the President, shall direct, for the
honest and faithful discharge of hk duty; and if such quar-
termaster and other disburser shall improvidently waste or
misapply the money so by him to be disbursed, lie shall be
deemed guilty of laiceny thereof, and, on conviction, shall
be fified and imprisoned in the penitentiary of the court try-
ing the case, so that said fine does not exceed $100,000, and
the term of imprisonment shall not be less than five nor
more than twenty years.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 256) for the
relief of Philip Speyer & Co., of the city of New
York; when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. -
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had passed an act (No. 190) to authorize
an additional issue of ¥nited States notes; and a
joint resolution (No. 22) in relation to the objccts
of the war, and the measures and manner of con-
ducting^the same; and also Iloifse bill No. 154
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending' the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862, with sun-
dry amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrcnce of the House.
TEN MILLION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the House to tnke up
' and pass the ten million bill, which has just come
in from the Senate. J fa immediate passage is
adeemed very important.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up, read a first and second tims by its title, or-
dered to be read a third time, and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to rcconsidcr be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• CITIL EXPENSES OF THIS GOVERNMENT.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amendments
of the Senate to the civil-appropriation bill be
taken up and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
PRINTING OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. STEVENS presented a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to
the contracts for printing Treasuiy notes*, which
was laid upon the table, and oidered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FENTON. I ask to make a personal ex-
planation. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Davis,] on last Friday, during the discus-
sion of the van Wyck report, after speaking of
his efforts with the Secretary of War and the
Quartermaster General, and their failure to have
justice done in the case of his brdther, Captain E.
M. Davis, of the western militaiy department,
made reference to the committee on Government
contracts. I send to the Clerk some portions of
his speech, which I ask to he read:
The Clerk read, as follows:
"lie then wrote to thte committor, asking that it would
unite with mo in obtaining a couit of mqiuiy to establish
his Innocence ot guilt. I have boon bcfoie tlmt committee,
alter striving with them individually. I have failed in
purpose, yet members have kindly heard me, and piomisrd
m relief, yet it hasnotcome to me. t have gone from man to
man.'' * * * *  Oneoi'the committee, fiom
whom F demanded justice foi my broihei, ^aid : ' My dear
it would cost the Government $500 to bring yout brother
here and give him a hearing.5" * * - * *
i£ As \ said before, 1 went to the various mcmbeis of the
committee. Some of them put me oft'. There weio hon-
orable exceptions, however, and they stiovc to aid me and
to bung the matter before the committee and the eountn in
its tiue light."5
Mr. FENTON. Inasmuch as my colleagues
on the committee who were present at the discus-
sion on Friday last each for himself repelled the
burdeh of the allegations, I deem it proper to say,
most explicitly, and injustice to myself, that no
part of these remarks which bear injuriously upon
the members of the committee are applicable to
mo; not one word of them.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. ALDRICH. At the request of the Secre-
tary of "War, I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
requested to furnish the House, at his cailiefet convenience,
his opinions of the necessity and importance of reorganiz-
ing and lemodehng the medical department of the united
States Army, to the end that siek and disabled soldiers may
be kindly and humanely cared for by those whose duty it
is to do so.
The resolution was adopted.
CAPTAIN B. M. DAVIS.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the pur-
pose of personal explanation. I wish to say that
it is but simple justice to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fenton] for me to declare that he has
shown every disposition, by advice and other-
wise, to aid me in obtaining that justice for my
brother which I have sought. I would also assure
the other members of the committee that I meant
not personally to reflect upon one who has been
upon the floor. So far as they had the opportu-
nity, they listened to what I had to say, and they
held out hopes by which I might obtain my ob-
ject; but they were deferred from day to day, until
Friday last, when wholesale and sweeping charges
were made against the surroundings of General
Fremont. It was very natural for me to recur to
the testimony and to the report, where I find my
brother's name included among the number of
those who surrounded that general.
Let mc state this one thing. My brother is on
duty; he is a quartermaster, and cannot leave his
post at any moment, as a merchant can. To be
sure he might resign.his commission, but no one
desires that. I requested of the committee, and I
understood that they would write me such a letter
as would make it easy for him to obtain a furlough
to come here. They seemed desirous to do that,
hut a week or ten days passed and I received no
such letter. I felt it to be my duty, while I heard
and agreed with the denunciations of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck,] to let it
be known they should not apply to my brother.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to ask the genLleman a
question. Let him state whether any member of
the committee has at any time thrown any obsta-
cle in the way of his brother appearing before
them when he chose, to make any explanation lie
desired ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have just stated that. The com-
mittee were sitting twelve hundred miles away.
Mr. DAWES. My friend will answer my
question, and I will not trouble him any further,
lias any member of the committee at any time
thrown an obstacle in the way of his biother ap-
pearing before the committee just when and where
his brother chose, and to make any explanation
his brother chose to make ? If he will tell me that,
I want to know which member of the committee ?
1 want that question to be answered.
Mr. DAVIS. I will simply say that the pro-
cess, or whatever form was necessary, to enable
my brother to appear before the committee by
authority, has not been made available to him,
except by hits resignation, lie might resign his
commission, and come here for the purpose of
appearing before the committee.
Mr. STEELE, of'New Jersey. I ask thr gen-
tleman whether lie dm not state before the com-
mittee^hat his brother expected to visit Wash-
ington in a very few days, or a very short time,
to give evidence before another committee which
was in session m this city.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the gentleman, by
stating that I did mention the fact to which he
rcfeis as a part of my argument why this com-
mittee .should call him to appear before them. I
wished hmi to appear before this committee and
clear up the charge standing against him, so that
his testimony before this other committee might
carry with it some weight.
Mr. DAWES. I want, Mr. Speaker, an answer
to my question. I want to know whether a single
member of this committee has at any time ever put
the slightest obstacle in the way of Ins brother
appealing before the committee, just when and
just when- he chose, and making any explanation
he chose? Docs the gentleman want to make the
issue, here or before the country, that we arc not
willing his brother should come before the com-
mittee and defend his own character? Must he
make a little money out of it at the same time ?
Is that what he wants? I want him to be a little
more explicit, and let us know what is the matter.
Is there a single member of the committee, I repeat
again, who has thrown the slightest obstacle in
tfte way of his brother appearing before them,
when and where he chose? We have no control
over his position in the Army. We cannot call
him out of his duty. We cannot compel him to
abandon his post. We can only say to him, that
if his brother knocks at the door of the committee
room, it will be opened. If there is any member
of the committee who has presented any obstacle
iu the way, I should be glad to know who he is.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot answer the gentleman's
first question as to any one member of the com-
mittee doing thus or so. I have not been present
at their meetings. I have not seen their journals;
I know nothing of what may have been done there
at all. I only know that a week or ten days have
passed since I was given to understand that a let-
ter would be furnished mc to facilitate my brother's
coming to Washington to lay this matter before the
committee.
Now, I have to a"Sk a question of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, i would like to ask him
whether the sum total ofthobill thatCaptain Davis
presented to the Government for blankets was not
the same amount as the*original bills sent from
Philadelphia—of some fourteen thousand and odd
dollars? whether the two bills were not identi-
cally the same, and whether the committee, in their
report, have not played on the word " pair," and
made use of it to make out a Case that my brother
had charged double price for the blankets, although
the sum total of both bills is the same? Will
the gentleman answer that question ?
Mr. DAWES. I have sent for the report of
the committee; and if the gentleman wants an an-
swer to his question when the book reaches me,
I will make short work of it. I will not weary
the House by any argument on the subject.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts making a personal
explanation ?
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make no personal
explanation. It is the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania who wants mc to explain.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the regular order of
business.
HEIRS 01? STEPHEN JOHNSTON.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the bill reported on Friday last by tho gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Walton,] from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, authorizing
the Court of Claims of the United States to hear
and determine the claims of the heirs of Stephen *
Johnston, deceased, the motion pending being to
lay the bill on the tablfc.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Since that motion was made
lastFriday, I have examined this claim, and I now
withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■Washington's birthday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present a petition of the
citizens of Philadelphia.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to state to the
House the nature of the petition.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, and it is the duty of the Chair
to procced to that business whenever it is called
for. The petition can be filed under the rules of
the House.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present it. It does not
relate to politics at all. It proposes a mode of cel-
ebrating the birthday of General Washington, now
approaching.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If my colleague from
Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] objects, is it not in order
to move to suspend the rules?
TheSPEAKER. Notduringthe morninghour.
Mr. LOVEJOY. So far as I know the object, I
have no objection.
Mr. CRi'TTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, this peti-
tion is worthy of being heard by the House, and I
