1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
General Fiemont has hod no regiments sent to
him since he 1ms been put in command of the
■Mountain depaument, pethaps, as I have said,
because none could be spared. Even Colonel
Gaifield's brigade has been removed from Cum-
berland Gap in his department, and oidered by
General Halleck to Western Tennessee, probably,
I suppose, because needed there, but, of course,
postponing a movement into Eastern Tennessee.
Notwithstanding that, General Fiemont has gone
to work with vigor. H0 has pushed the enemy
back in middle Virginia, and General Miiroy,
under his orders, still continues to advance upon
him.
And now I will yield to the gentleman from
Missouri, who appears to desire the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I thought the gen-
tleman hfld finished.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I will yield the lloor
entirely.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I did not expect to
be drawn into this controversy upon the issue
made by the gentleman from New York. I wish
more particularly to reply to what I consider to
be the i-vasive and unfairanswer made by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, who has just taken his seat.
He has read to the House a telegraphic dispatch
"upon which he has put a construction that no man
who has any familiarity with the service will bear
out. It is a telegraphic dispatch sent to General
Fremont by my brother, in which he tells him to
take responsibility. Another dispatch and a let-
ter from General Meigs to myself, in winch he
tells him to older the officers of his staff to do
what he pleases, is brought forwaid by the gen-
tleman from Indiana as" giving power to Fiemont
to make these contracts. He had no such power.
Ho could order his staff officers—sworn officers
of the Government, under bonds to the Govern-
ment—to disburse money. Ho could order them
to make contracts, but he could not make con-
tracts for them. That is the distinction. Sir, he
could order his ordnance officer to contract for
heavy guns at Pittsburgh, but he could not give
a contract to a favorite of his own for guns to be
made at Pittsburgh at a cost four times what the
ordnance officer could contract to g<-t them for.
The very letter from General Meigs, which the
gentleman has read,and in which he says " your
staff officers are compelled to do anything that
you order," js conclusive upon that point. Staff
officers were sent to him for the purpose of sup-
plying him with commissary and quartermas-
ter's stores and ordnance, and he could give his
orders fur such stores, or such Iranspoi tauon, or
such ordnance, but he could not buy ordnance
himself and fix his own price upon it, giving the
contract to his own favorite, to the exclusion of
oth-jrs. When any exigency arises the staff offi-
cers go into open market and buy what they want, |
and they are responsible to the Government for U. j
In the very contract made for these oarthwoiks,
there is an example of this, Fremont sent to Mc-
Kmstry, as the testimony which has been quoted
by the gentleman from New Yoik shows, a list
of prices to be paid these men foi building the
earthworks, and there was one witness who
pro\es the fact that this man Beard hi ought a con-
tract ready drawn up from headuuai tors, with an
ord^r for McKinstry to enter into it, and that
McKinstry put the name of the general on it to
show that it was made under his order.
Now, I contend that the gentleman from Indi-
ana has misrepresented, or misstated, I should
lather say, the telegiaphic dispatch which he has
pui ported to read.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman certainly will
not claim that 1 misstated it, for I read it.
Mr. JJLAIR, of Missouri. He read it and put
a const! uction on it which I say is not its fair
construction.
Mr. COLFAX. Tt is a point for the public to
decide whether I put the right construction upon
it. T quoted the dispatch literally, so as to avoid
the chaige of misstating it, and every one who
sees my lemaikscan read and construe it. I con-
strue H as I think the English language author-
izes me to construe it. It is a ditfeience of opin-
ion between the gentleman and myself as to the
proper consti uction.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I say that when
General Meia:« said in that letfer that the staff of-
ficers were compelled to obey the general's orders,
it was just what he meant when he said in the dis-
1749
patch that the general had the power. Fie had
power, not^to make contracts himself, but to order
his staff officers to make them, men who had been
put there by the Government on account of their
especial qualification to make contracts. The
quartermaster had been selected by the Govern-
ment and put in that position, because the Govern-
ment had confidence that he would make proper
contracts for quartei master's stores, and he was
under bonds to the Government. The ordnance
officer was also qualified for the particular position
to which he had been assigned, and so with every
disbursing officer. Every disbursing officer of
the Army is under bonds to the Government for
the proper disbursement of the funds placed in ins
hands. The general m command can order them
to make expenditures, but he cannot take from
them the discretion to bargain for the pauicular
supplies needed, and whenever a general does that
thing, lie does what he himself knows to be wrong.
And when a general sends to California and brings
a troop of contractors into Missouri, and then
makes these atrocious contracts with them—con-
tracts which amount to four times the fair prices
—he is defended upon tins floor, and we are told
that everything he has done was right, because
the President has since appointed him to an im-
portant command ! Now, there may have been
motives for thatappointment. Probably the Pres-
ident acted properly in reinstating him. There
had been such u political issue made by certain
portions of the people of the country because he
was deposed from his former command, that the
President may, in consideration of political influ-
ences, have reinstated him m order not to divide
the people of the, North m prosecuting the war
upon such flimsy issues, and for that reason lie
put him in the Mountain department, where he
could do no harm and do no good.
Mr. DIYEN. With the permission of the gen-
tleman, I desire to corieet what seems tobeamis-
appiehension as to the ^lavamen of the charge or
complaint upon which I would have suit brought
to recover back this money. It is not because
this contract was too hi<rh; I admit that if the
Government makes a contract that is too high,
they are bound by it; but it is thai this money
was paid without any contract, without any lef-
erence or regard to the contiact, when no contract
existed at all, and that not a cent of it was paid
in reference to any work done under the contract
that was measured up and estimated at all. I
want, if I can get an opportunity—foi, knowingly,
I never will embarrass the military service of this
country—and to avoid that excuse, I want an op- '
portumty t-  offer an amendment by which the 1
name of Fiemont shall be left out of the resolu- j
Hon entirely. A suit may then be prosecuted
against B"ard, m which all the facts can be in vesti- j
gated; and if there has been any money paid ille-
gally, it can be recovered. And because I want
to do that, there arc men here who accuse me of
malice, and men who talk about torturing a man
to death by sh w degrees. Now, heie is this man
Beaid, with $171,000 plethoric in his pocket, and
it is torture to make him give it back if he has not
earned it. If my friend from Illinois [Mr.Lovi;-
joy] calls it torture to recover back from a man
money that been illegally paid to him, I have a
heart for such tortuie as that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to say that
there weie motives enough by which the Piesi-
dorit might have been induced to put this man m
command again, without drawing the conclusion
which the gt ntleman from Indiana has diawn.
There arc a great many people ni the North who
believe that because tins mnn issued a proclama-
tion hbeiating two slaves, he is, therefore, the fit
representative of that class of people in tins war,
and the clamor which they made, and the division
which they threatened to make m the column of
the people of the Nmth m carrying on this war,
may have sufficed as a motive for the President to
reinstate him and place him in a command in
which he could do no harm and no good. I saw
an oider published m the newspapers the other
day which seems to bear out this supposition. It
was an order from General Meigs, by command
of the Secretary of War, to the quartermaster at
Wheeling, not to make any expendifuies or pay !
any bills whatever, except those ordered by the I
proper officers of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, and that order was sent to Wheeling the
very day that Fremont was ordered to go there.
It may have been that it was intended to guard
against what had taken place in the western de-
partment.
Now, i think I have as much to complain of as
any man on this floor in regard to these pecula-
tions and spoliations that have taken place in the
western department. I know that these cormo-
rants were brought in there from the four quarters
of the globe, and that the character of the western
people has been derogated from on account of the
frauds committed by these Californian and other
speculators brought in there by General Fremont.
Our whole people have been made to suffer in
their pockets. Honest men who furnished sup-
plies or did work for the Government have been
compelled to wait for money six, eight, or ten
months, because these plunderers from California
and elsewhere were robbing the Government.
Mr. COLFAX, Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman inform the
House who lecommended Mi. J. C. Woods to
Geneial Fremont*
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes. I take great
pleasure in informing the gentleman. This man,
J. C. Woods, came to my brother early in the
spring, with a pass signed by Beauregard. He
hud been at Fort Sumter with the rebels. My
brother employed him as a spy of the Post Office
Department, to get the mails through Baltimore.
That was the sort of use he made of him, and he
recommended him to Fremont in the same capa-
city, telling him his qualifications.
Mr. COLFAX. I know nothing about how
Colonel Woods came to be on the staff of General
Fremont; but I understood, and supposed that it
was not denied that he was appointed ou the lecom-
mendation of the brother of my friend from Mis-
souii, J know nothing about his qualifications.
I know nothing derogatory to Mr. Woods at all,
except that he was a " returned Californian," if
that is an offense, and I understand he denies par-
ticipating in any contracts in the western depart-
ment, directly or indirectly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I repeat what I have
just said. He came to my brother in that guise,
with that pass fiom Beauregard. My brother em-
ployed him to get the mails through Baltimore,
where, as is well known, there was great trouble
and difficulty at that time. He afterwards recom-
mended him to Fremont forhis couiagn and ability
in that respect. Fremont had known him in Cali-
fornia. lie knew more of him than my brother
did. The lecommcndation which my brother
gave him was for the qualifications that I have
named.
Mi. DAVIS. Was not Mr. J. C. Woods em-
ployed fit Baltimore, wheie he displayed great
courage and ability in managing mutters for the
Post Office D epartment ?
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes. My brother
employed him as a spy in Alexandria and Balti-
more. He found him a man of great capacity,
skill, and courage in that particular work, and for
these qualifications he recommended him to Fre-
mont, who put him at the head of his household.
Now, I will say, also, in regaid to this man
Woods, that I do not know there is anything
against his character since he was connected with
Fiemont. There is nothing in the testimony which
impeaches his character orconduct, so far as has
fallen under my observation. The only thing
against him is, that he was a returned Californian,
as he said, and I believe that is true. He is usually
classed, but I think unjustly, among a gang ofCal-
ifornians who are considered—1 mean that partic-
ulargang—thebasestmen onearth. There seemed
to have been a natural affinity between them and
the general commanding that department. The
character of the western people was made to suffer
by the bringing of these cormorants among them.
I have a right to complain of that. I have a right
to complain that our people were treated with gross
neglect, and were injured in their business; and
that the money actually due to them for labor and
supplies furnished to the Go vernment was detained
from them for months and months, because of the
character which those cormorants gave to the whole
department.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. Will the gentleman
fiom Missouri allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I met those Califor-
