1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2709
are acquainted with Mr. Brooke know the value
of his services. He has had most important
duties in the organization of the Paymaster's de-
pjitmi'iit in the increase of business growing out
of the war, and has been one of the most efficient
officers of the Governnient, untiring in all the de-
mands upon him. I believe it is but just that he
should receive this increased pay. I do not pro-
pose to detain the House by any discussion of the
matter, but simply to call attention to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague has not told
us what the present salary of this officer is.
Mr. DUNN. Eighteen hundred dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to ray colleague to
limit this increased pay to the time while the war
is in progress.
Mr. DUNN. I have no objection to limiting it
to during the present war.
Mr, HOLMAN. I offer that amendment.
Mr. DUNN. Add, " and six months after-
wards."
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well. I move to amend
by adding, at the end of the bill, the words, " dur- i
rag the continuance of the present war, and for six:
months thereafter."
Mr. DUNN. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BLAKE called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sbnefia g. simmons.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Seneca G. Simmons; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury Department, in settling the accounts
of Seneca G. Simmons, as assistant commissary
of subsistence, to allow him credit for the sum ot i
money belonging to the United States stolen from
his possession at Matamoras, Mexico, oti the lltli
of Mav, 1847, piovided the amount so to be al-
lowed "shall not exceed $1,500.
The report was rood. It shows that during the
war with Mexico Seneca G. Simmons was ap-
pointed assistant commissary of subsistence, and
had in charge a considerable sum of money in
Mexican dollars, it was deposited m a wooden
chest, secured by padlocks, he not having been
supplied with a safe for which he had applied.
Tins box was broken into, and the sum of §1,500
abstracted in the packages containing the same.
The evidence showed that the loss did not result
from any nrglect or omission on his part.
Mr. BIDDLE, 1 beg leave to state a single fact
in regard to this case, with which I am very fa-
miliar. It takes no money out of the Treasury.
It is for the reiief of a gallant soldier of the State
of Vermont who has been thirty years in the ser-
vice of the country, who is at this moment in front
of the enemy, and who may fall to-morrow m one
of the impending battles. It is asked that an un-
just obligation snail not rest on him or on his chil-
dren . Every committee that has considered it has
passed upon it favorably. It has never before been
brought to the notice of the House. I happened
to be in company with that gentleman for six
months prior to the first day of this session, and
when an election to Congress befell me, he asked
me to do what nobody had ever before done for
hini.biing this matter to the notice of the House,
which I now do, and hope the House will give it
consideration now; not, of course,asking any gen-
tleman to vote for it unless in his own judgment
lie may deem it to be just and proper, but asking
that thi ic shall be no objection to action on it now.
The report shows all the facts.
Mi. BUFFINTON. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I raise the question
of order that the bill must under the rules have its
first consideration m a Committee of the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER. The bill does not appropriate
money.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Why not?
The SPEAKER. It merely authorizes the set-
tlement of an account, which within the meaning
of the rule is not regarded as ail appropriation.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
messages from the president,
Several messages from the President of the Uni-
ted States, in writing, were received by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Private Secretary.
william b. dodd and others.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, rcpoi ted a bill for the relief of
William B. Dodd and others; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Trcasuiy to pay, out of the appropriation to
complete the road from Mendota to the Big Sioux
river, contained in the act approved March 3,
1855, en tilled "An act making appropiiations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1856, and for other purposes,"
into the hands of Horace Austin, of St. Peter,
Minnesota, who is appointed a commissioner to
dispose of the same, the sum of $3,270, the same
having been estimated for in said appropriation,
and being for completing a part of said road, to
be paid out by hurt as follows, to wit: the said
commissioner shall give notice to ail persons
having claims against William B. Dodd for iabot
or matriials furnished in the construction of said
road, by publication in a newspaper of general
circulation in the neighborhood where said road
is situated for ninety days, and by posting written
or printed notices in three public places in each
couuty tlnough which said road passes, to pre-
sent and prove their claims within the ninety
days aforesaid;and all such claims, so presented
and proved within the time limited, he shall pay
to the parties respectively, and the residue, after
the liquidation of such claims and the payment ot
the expenses of this commission, he shall pay to
the said William B. Dodd.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask for the reading of the
leport.
The report was read. Itstatesthat the memo-
rialist was engaged in the construction of a pn-
vate road from llockbend,a short distance above
Traverse des Sioux, to St. Paul. While thus en-
gaged, Captain J. L. Reno, brevet captain of the
ordnance department, in suiveymg the military
road provided for by act of Congress, known as
the Big Sioux and Mendota military load, came
upon the road being constructed by the memo-
rialist,and adopted it asapartof ihesaid military
road provided for by act of Congress. The pe-
titioner was to have been paid for said private
road by subscription, previous to its adoption by
the Government; but §300, however, were sub-
scribed for the same up jo the time Captain Reno
adopted itasa part ofthe Government road. After
sucil adoption, Captain Reno having estimated
the cost of the same, embraced it in the estimate
for the completion ofthe military road, and upon
such an estimate Congress made an appropriation
for the same. The evidence satisfactorily proves
that the actual expense incurred by Captain Dodd
in making the road exceeded that su m. It is pro v en
that Dodd never received a cent but ^300 by pri-
vate subscription, the adoption of the same by the
Government having obviated the necessity ofsub-
seriptions. And it is believed that the intention of
Congrtss, in making the appiopuation including
this item, was that the memorialist should be paid
for the road constructed by him. Th'1 bill appoints
a commissionei to disburse the said amount. This
is done in older to secuie the workmen employed
on the same the amount due them for their jaoor,
the memorialist having, by reason of his failure
to leceive the cost of the road, been unable, up to
this time, to discharge all the obligations against
linn for labor furnished in the construction of the
Mr. BUFFINTON. I yield the floor for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Indiana, who I be-
lieve desires to be heard/ «*.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rose for the purpose of op-
posing this bill, and for the purpose of moving to
refer it to a Committee of the Whole House.. I
will not make the motion, however, without the
consent ofthe gentleman from Massachusetts who
has yielded me the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield the
floor for tlmt purpose?
Mr. BUFFINTON. I do not.
Mr. W1NDOM. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I desire to say a word
upon the subject of the bill. The bill does not
make any appropriation whatever. The Thirty-
Third Congress made an appropriation of $52,475
for the construction of this road. The money was
all appropriated seven or eight years ago. In this
amount was included $2,310 for the services oi
Mr. Dodd. That was an item of estimate on which
the appropriation was based; but because his
name was not specifically mentioned in the appro-
priation, the Secretary of War refused to pay the
money over to him. This bill simply appoints a
commissioner to receive and pay over the money
to the men employed by Mr. Dodd on this work,
who have not been paid, and to give to Mr. Dodd
whatever may be remaining of the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that this is a virtual
appropiiation of money, such as within the spirit
of the rule ought to carry it to a Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WINDOM. Notatall. The money was
all appropriated in the Thirty-Third Congress/
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the bill virtually
makes an appropriation, and I raise the question
of order that it must go to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question of virtual
appropiiation, but a question of fact, on which the
Chair is i ailed upon to decide.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that the bill makes
an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The rule provides that bills
which direct the repayment of money or the pay-
ment of money theretofore appropriated, need not
be committed. The Chair thinks that is this bill,
and therefoie overrules the question of order.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed gpd read a
third time; and being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
schooner s. sawyer.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of the
owners and officers of ihe schooner S. Sawyer,
for indemnity for loss of the vessel while deliver-
ing her cargo to the quartermaster's department;
which was laid on the table.
william wheeler hubbell.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Wheeler Hubbell; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill refers the claim of William Wheeler
Hubbell, for compensation for the use by the Gov-
ernment of the thunderbolt shell and fuse, of which
he claims to be the patentee, to the Cou rt of Claims,
with instructions to inquire into his claim for com-
pensation for the use of his patent, and for the re-
linquishment of his patent to the United States,
appropriating whatever amount the Court of
Claims may report, not to exceed §100,000.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I osk the consent of the
House to put that bill on its passage.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania the reason there is for
taking this case out of the usual course of legis-
lation ! 1 have no objection to referring this case
to ihe Court of Claim's for adjudication; but I am
not able to see why we should depait fiom the
tisiul course by making an appropriation of the
money the Court of Claims may report in advance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
