1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
37th Cong....2d
The Tax Bill—Mr. McDougcdl.
Senate.
almost all producers. As compared with Eng-
land, there is a percentage of twenty per cent, of
producers in favor of this country. The ambi-
tion, the intelligence, and the enterprise of our
people enable us to produce more per man than is
produced by the people of any other country in
the world. Therefore, I say we have no occa-
sion to be apprehensive of the burden of this war,
even if it is to be a war of years.
England raises an annual tax of about four hun-
dreds millions of dollars. For the relative posi-
tions, of the United States and Great Britain, and
the several capacities of the two countries to bear
taxation, it may be worth while to look at a few
figures; for those figures I am indebted to the very
able and useful work on statistics of Mr. Bigelow,
ofBosto'n. He is discussing the dependent con-
dition of England. England imports per annum
for home consumption the value of £379,000,000,
including articles used for food to tiie amount of
$260,000,000. Of raw material used in her manu-
factures, she imports the value of $359,000,000; of
her exports, the raw material for which is fur-
nished by Great Britain and her dependencies,
there is but $153,000,000, or about one fifth of the
whole, and her imports are in excess of her ex-
ports about one hundred and twenty millions of
dollars per annum; that is, the balance of trade
appears to be that much against her. As against
this rather startling set of facts, we export food,
we produce the raw material for nearly all of our
own manufactures, we have a country with every
characterof climate, every quality of soil; we have
in abundance iron and coal and gold and silver
and copper, wheat and corn and wine and oil and
labor and skill and enterprise, and everything
that makes a nation; and the balance of account
between ourselves and the outside world for
seven years past is in our favor to the amount of
$90,000,000. It is a terrible thought that a coun-
try upon which Heaven lias smiled as it has smiled
on ours should be engaged in a fratricidal war,
. but it is undoubtedly a punishment awarded by
Providence for the sins of the nation. We have
needed the purification of fire. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, all countries have had civil wars. England
has had them and outlived them. We have al-
ready nearly outlived the present unprovoked
rebellion. I have presented these figures but to
show the strength of the slumbering giant who
has so long reposed unarmed beneath the protect-
ing shadow of the Constitution established by our
fathers.
Mr. President, permit me again to recur to Eng-
lish authority, in a recent work by Mr. Nor-
man, on the subject of taxation, he concludes with
the following paragraph:
"We have only to believe ourselves ucli, and we are
rich. Wo have only to place faith m our miians, ami tlley
will be tound sutficicnt for every needful or lational pur-
pose. fin!, leal weakness maybe created by yielding to
appichen-jioiii- winch have then origin only m ignorancc;
and many of the woi-t effects of national poverty may be
piodueed by an insufficient appreciation of the stiength of
our iesource<, and by a siiojt-siglned impatience oi lineal
pleasure, which is really light in itself, and utteily insig-
nificant when compared with tile value and importance of
the objects for the attainment of which it is imposed."—
Norman on Taxation, p. 90.
Sir, it is worthy of remark that the views of the
economists and philosophers have the sanction of
the inspiration of the poet:
"The gods in bounty woik up storms about us,
That give mankind occasion to exert
Their hidden strength."
It is now, in time of peril and of war, that we feel
how strong we are, and we are teaching the na-
tions of the earth how strong we are. I am not
afraid of taxation, but I am afraid of an ill-devised
system of taxation; and such I hold to be the sys-
tem which appears as the one presented by the
House and the Finance Committee of the Senate.
Here let me say with regard to the committee, as
it became a subject of discussion yesterday, that,
of its seven members, there were five who were op-
posed to the bill; and I have yet to learn whether
there was any one of the committee that approved it.
The objections were openly and plainly stated in
committee by various members. I did not hear any
member on the Committee on Finance say that he
thought this was a wise or a prudent bill, or such
as should be passed by this Congress. I under-
stood it to be advised by two of the committee be-
cause it came from the House of Representatives.
Although the House of Representatives mustori-
ginate measures of revenue, we have, as I under-
stand, jurisdiction over them here; and I under-
stand it to be as much the duty of the Senate to
inquire into the policy of the House measures for
revenue, as into any other question that may be
submitted to this body.
I say for myself that we have to provide for
a permanent revenue of $100,000,000. Suppose
$(10,000,000 will pay the present establishment of
the Government outside of the extraordinary wav
expenses, we shall have to meet greater expenses
hereafter—I believe $100,000,000 will cover them.
1 think no fair estimate can be made beyond that.
1 grant, then, $100,000,000 as the amount of
revenue required for expenditures after the war
shall have been substantially closcd. Now, it is
said that m July our debt will be $750,000,000.
Add $250,000,000 for additional war expenses:
we then have, as the aggregate of indebtedness,
$1,000,000,000. We have no business to provide
for more than the interest on $1,000,000,000.
■What is that interest? There has been a discus-
sion between the chairman of the Committee on
Finance and the Senator from Ohio and the Sen-
ator from New York on this subject. The.
$150,000,000 of Treasury notes now provided for
by law, as also the indebtedness not bonded, bears
no interest. That is part and parcel of the debt.
Buta small portion, and thatonly for a short time,
will bear seven and three tenths per cent. Our
six per cent, bonds have been ranging at a pre-
mium of from two and a half to four per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow me,
I will give him the most accurate figuiesto be re-
ceived m regard tg the amount of tiie public debt,
inasmuch as the chairman of the committee has
made a statement on that subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not particular. I
do not propose to go into details.
Mr. SHERMAN. The total expenditures of
the Government from July 1, 1861, to May 22,
1862, including all that have been adjusted, were
$441,600,000. The old debt was $70,400,000,
so that the total debt on the 22d of May was
$512,000,000. I sup pose to that th ere m igli t safel y
be added two months' expenses of the war. I
should think $600,000,000 would cover the whole
debt.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should think mostlikely
so; but I am looking the thing fully in the face.
I take the largest figures. The proposition I ad-
vance is consistent with any amount of taxation.
The proposition from the committee is not. The
amount of revenue to bo derived under the sub-
stitute I propose can be enlarged or reduced by
very simple appliances. I do not anticipate that
this war will involve us in more than a thousand
millions of debt, and then 1 think the Senator from
New York was right when he stated that against
that should not be charged more than five per cent,
intci est for the reason that our stocks are at a pre-
mium, and a part of the indebtedness will not at
anytime be bearing interest. That, however, is
a calculation I have not gone into, and it is not ma-
terial. Suppose it is six per cent, instead of five,
it only makes the difference of $10,000,000 per
annum in the demand for revenue, a difference not
in the least alarming.
I will now proceed to state my particular ob-
jections to the measure brought forward from the
committee; and the first objection I make to it is
that it involves an army of officers. The Senator
from Rhode Island enumerated in the bill sixty-
two different rates of duties and ninety-five vari-
eties to be inspected.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was only on twenty-
six of the general subjects.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that: not
on all; and observe all these varieties and all these
subjects belong to every city, town, and village
in the Union. And what skill and knowledge m
the various specialities of trade will be required
to determine the quantity and quality of these
various articles. Where we have custom-houses
only spread on the borders of our seas, how diffi-
cult is it to get an appraiser who is able to tell the
exact quality and value of a piece of Chinese crape,
or an article of silks from Prance. You havegot
to have the same skill m all the inspectors through-
out the country, or have a number of inspectors
representing each different branch of trade.
Put this bill in force, appoint your collectors,
your inspectors, and your assessors, put them in
the field, and they will be an army strong enough
to take Richmond, or this capital if you pleased I
hold the greatest evil of republican institutions to
be the multitude of offices that are created, the mul-
titude of officers permitted, and the multitude of
men seeking for office. Compte, one of the first of
modern philosophers, in discussing the various
kinds of institutions among men, charges that as
the one radical evil of free institutions, the multi-
tude of offices, and the multitude of men seeking
office, disturbing the peace and health of the State,
disturbing the justenactment and true administra-
tion of the laws; not only obstructing, but pre-
venting the true management of the great machine
of government, by particular personal appliances
and interests. If there is anything that we in this
Government arc called upon to take note of and to
furnish n remedy for, it is the multitudes of offices
that have been created under our institutions. Sir,
I undertake to say that there are now in existence
five officers for every one required to carry on the
machinery of Government; and with one really
qualified and competent official for every five now
in public employment, this entire Government
could be carried on with much more perfectness
than it is to-day.
1 object to the army of officers to carry on this
great machine, and the country will object to it.
1 should object to it most particularly if 1 were
in a majority in this body, and immediately re-
sponsible for its administration. Indeed, whether
in the majority or minoiity, I would not dare to
sanction the imposition of this measure on the
country. Again, I object to it from the complex-
ity of the system. It has a different law for every
subject of taxation. It commences with foity
pages of preliminary machineiy, and then, of the
more than one hundred remaining pages, two thirds
are taken up with additional and special machin-
ery—machinery, if it is machinery at all, I have
not yet been able to understand, and 1 doubt
whether the very able chairman of the committee
understands it; and I know it never will be under-
stood over the United States as long as it may be
permitted to continue a law, if it shall over become
one. There are not less than one hundred pages
of machinery; first, general machinery, inappli-
cable to many of the special items; then special
machinery for each different classification or sub-
ject of taxation. When the hill first came from
'the House, I put fly leaves between the pages,
and sat down and tried to analyze it—tried to mas-
ticate and digest it. I found it an impracticable
thing, and gave it up. I pronounce it perfectly
indigestible. _ *
I object again to the manner in which auction-
eers are made the subject of taxation. In the first
place, they must be taxed as auctioneers, and then
separately taxed as merchants; that is, pay two
licenses. Now, whatshould be the reason foralaw
against auctioneers ? I had thought that they _were
men who most promptly transacted the business
of the country. In San Francisco nearly all the
trade sales are conducted by auctioneers. Your
merchant from New York, or Boston, or Phila-
delphia ships Ins merchandise to San Francisco.
It is sunt to the regular sales and sold in open mar-
ket. That is the way much of our wholesale busi-
ness is done. Is it not a good way of doing busi-
ness? Is it not the fairest way of doing business?
It is the fairest and most legitimate way of trading
between man and man, for every man has his right
upon the word of the seller, amidst fair and open
competition.
Then I object again to this whole system of
licenses. When the Constitution was formed, the
question of internal taxes was considered, among
other things, and although it was conceded that
there was concurrent jurisdiction in the States and
the Federal Government to levy internal taxes in
such form as either might choose, yet possible
collision between the several authorities was re-
garded as a grave and not to be overlooked^ diffi-
culty; and therefore Mr. Hamilton himself sug-
gested—for I do not propose to rely upon my own
authority upon a subject of which I do not pro-
fess to bo master—that both the Federal and State
governments, m looking to subjects of taxation,
should avoid the same subjects of taxation; and
I will read a couple of paragraphs from Mr. Ham-
