2710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
of the gentleman fi om* Now York whether ho ob-
jects to the consideration of the bi31 at this time?
If he does, it must go to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. FENTON. T do object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his question of order to enable me to
make a statement in reference to this bill.
Mr. FENTON. I am willing to withdraw it
for that purpose.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I renew the question
of order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. To obviate the necessity
of reference, I will withdraw the clause of the bill
which appropriates money.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot mod-
ify the report of a committee.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask consent, then, to
withdraw the bill altogether.
No objection being made, the bill was with-
drawn.
IKON-CLAD SHIPS, ETC.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a communication ill regard
to iron-clad ships, ordnance, &c.; which was
ordered to be printed,and recommitted.
RAISING Off SUNKEN VESSELS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 339, for the raising of the naval
vessels sunk in the Hampton Roads. The bill ap-
propriates $100,000; and it is necessary, for the
good of the public service, that it should be passed
at once.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to a third reading, and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OLIVER SPENCER WOOD.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill
(No. 282) for the relief of Oliver Spencer Wood,
with the recommendation that it d'o pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to examine and settle
on principles of equity the accounts of Oliver
Spencer Wood, late temporary naval storekeeper
for the fluted States squadron on the African
station.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS 01? J. K. MARTIN, DECEASED.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on For-
eign Allans, reported back Senate bill No. 109,
for the relief of the legal representatives of J. E.
Martin, deceased, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. HOLMAN. *Did not Mr. Martin hold
during the time for which it is proposed to give
this extra pay the position of a salaried consul?
Mr. POMEROY. I think he was only allowed
fees.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill makes ail appropri-
ation, and must, under the rule, have its first con-
sideration in a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. POMEROY. Before that objection is in-
sisted on, let me make a single statement. Dur-
ing the period for which this bill gives relief dip-
lomatic relations between this Government and
Portugal were suspended. Mr. Clay, who was
charge d'affaires at Lisbon, came home. Mr. Mar-
tin, who remained there, had possession of the ar-
chives of the office and kept up the correspondence
with the Government of Poitugal until Air. Had-
dock arrived theie as the successor of Mr. Clay.
Mr. Haddock speaks in the highest terms of the
manner in which Mr. Martin performed the duties
of the office which had been devolved upon him.
This bill has been reported five different times
by the committee of the Senate, and several times
by the committee of this House. There has never
been any disagreement in regard to it in any body
before which it has been brought. There has been,
i understand, a universal custom in cases of this
kind, and I regret that the members of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, [Messrs. Crittenden
and Cox,] who know more about that custom than
I do, are not now present. I understand the cus-
tom is universal to allow the consul who dis-
charges the duties of a charge d'affaires half of the
pay of the latter during the time. It is a custom
that has almost ripened into law.
It is now eleven years since Mr. Martin ren-
dered these services. In the mean time he has died,
leaving a family who are in a needy condition. I
will say, that so far as my limited experience goes
of private claims, the greatest injustice in regard
to them is that justice is deferred to a very late day.
There is no doubt that these services were ren-
dered, and the only question is whether he should
be paid for thercy We know very well if this bill
goes to a Committee of the Whole House on the
Piivate Calendar,it will not be reached duringthis
session, and probably not in ten sessions. These
services were rendered by Mr. Martin. There is,
as I have said, a custom which has grown into law
that when a consul discharges the entire duty of
charge d'affaires, he shall receive half the pay of
that office. Mr. Martin has discharged these ser-
vices, and this bill provides for paying him.
Under the circumstances I- have felt it to be my
duty and the committee instructed me to make the
request of the House that the bill be put on its
passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that when we have
an officer under the pay of the United States, it is
wrong to pay him extra for every little additional
service he may have to perform. It is well known
that our representatives abroad are well paid for
the services which they render. There is no branch
of the public service where the compensation is so
ample, taking into consideration that the service
they are called upon to render is done with so little
labor. I therefore insist on my objection, that
this bill, making an appropriation, must, under the
rules, have its firstconsideration in a Committee of
the Whole House.
The bill was accordingly referred toa Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
THANKS TO LIEUTENANT MORRIS.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, fiom the Committee
on Naval Affairs, lupoi ted back House resolution
No. 57, tendering the thanks of Congress to Lieu-
tenant George N. Morris, his officers, and men;
which was ordered to be engrossed and read a
thud time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
RELIEF FOR IRELAND.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I am instructed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to ask that they
be discharged from the further consideration of
the resolution referred to them to inquire into the
expediency of furnishing relief to the starving pop-
ulation of Ireland, no exigency existing for the
interposition of this Government; and I move that
that committee bedischarged from the further con-
sideration of the subject, and that it be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. SARAH F. BERRYMAN.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Sarah F. Berryman; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Sarah F. Ber-
ryman, widow of O. PI. Berryman, lieutenant
commanding United States Navy, upon the pen-
sion roll, at the rate of fifty dollars a month, in-
stead of thirty dollars, as now granted, from the
24th of April, 1861, for and during her natural life.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 will inquire whether Mrs.
Berryman is not now receiving a pension of thirty
dollars a month, and whether, under the law we
have recently passed, her pension would not only
be twenty-five dollars a month? So, then, she is
now receiving five dollars a month more than a
widow of an officer of the same rank would be
paid under the general law.
Mr. HARRISON. I will say. in reply to the
gentleman from Indiana, that Mrs. Berryman is
now receiving a pension of thirty dollars a month;
and that under the law which passed the House
about ten days ago, she will receive only twenty-
five dollars a month. The committee report this
bill in favor of an increase of her pension to fifty
dollars a month on account of the extraordinary
services of her husband. It is the most merito-
rious case which has come before the committee
at the present session of Congress; and if there is
a case where we can be justified in giving a larger
pension, this is the one.
Mr. HOLMAN. This lady is now receiving
five dollars more per month than is allowed under
the law to any widow of any officer of the same
rank. Now, 1 think that our legislation should be
impartial, extending equal-handed justice to the
widows of all the brave men who have fallen in
the defense of the country upon the battle-field. I
know that Lieutenant Berryman was a brave and
faithful officer, but we can pick out ten thousand
cases from our armies where brave and faithful
men have given up their lives upon the field of bat-
tle after signal and gallant scrvice. Mrs. Berry-
man now gets thirty dollars a month, while the
widow of a brave soldier only gets eight dollars.
She receives $360 a year, when the widows of our
soldiers receive only ninety-six dollars a year; and
she receives sixty dollars a year more than she is
entitled to tinder recent laws. My friend did not
say, and will not say, that there are not thousands
and tens of thousands of equally meritorious cases
all over the country—cases of widows who are
equally entitled to the sympathy and support of
the Government, and whose children are equally
claiming its munificence and its consideration—
widows who are receiving now, and who never
will receive beyond, hinety-six dollars a year. The
discrimination if made at all, should not be made
so broad as between ninety-six dollars and what
is proposed by this bill—$600 a year—to widows
whose husbands have fallen in command of im-
portant positions. That is contrary to the genius
and spirit of our Government, and it seems to me
that the friends of Mrs. Berryman should be satis-
fied that she should receive, as she already does,
from the munificence of this Government, sixty
dollars more than she would receive under the
general law.
Mr. HARRISON. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions, when they concluded to recommend the
reduction of the amount of pensions to the widows
of officers of the Army and Navy, were induced
to do so from the consideration, among others,
that when a peculiarly meritorious case arose,Con-
gress could, by a special act, grant a larger pen-
sion than the general law might authorize to be
granted by the Commissioner of Pensions. Now,
i think the gentleman from Indiana will agree that
justice cannot be meted out in every case by in-
flexibly applying the provisions of the general law
granting pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend mistakes in that
respect. I think ail inflexible rule should be
adopted. I believe the widow of a humble sol-
dier, who has done his duty, is entitled to just the
same support, sympathy, and munificence as the
widow of the commanding general of the Army
of the United States.
Mr. HARRISON. I do not think the gentle-
man from Indiana and myself will substantially
disagree upon the proposition last stated by him.
If a private in the ranks should perform services
of extraordinary merit, entitling him to a greater
reward than is generally granted, and his case
should be presented to Congress, it ought to make
his case an exception, and make him or his widow
and children a reward commensurate with his
peculiarly meiitorious services.
Now, sir, Lieutenant Berryman was in the scr-
vice of the country for about a quarter of a cen-
tury. He was a Virginian by birth and education.
When his superiors m command of the vessel
upon which he was assigned to service deserted
the flag and service of their country, he patriot-
ically and heroically undertook to perform the
duties which would otherwise have devolved upon
his superior officers, and by his skill, patriotism,
and the noble discharge of duty, he contributed
greatly towards saving Fort Pickens from falling
into rebel hands. There is, Mr. Speaker, an ad-
ditional fact stated in that portion of the report
which has not been read, which should be in the
possession of the House. It is, that if Lieutenant
Berryman had not died in the service, and had
continued ill it a few days longer, he would have
been entitled to a pension of forty-five dollars per
month under the general pension law now in force.
