230
APPENDIX TO -THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tax Bill—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
ilton oil that subject, showing how seriously the
matter was considered at that early day as one
of the difficulties that might lead to conflict be-
tween the State and Federal authorities.
"As to a supposition of repugnancy between the power
of taxation in the States and in the Union, it cannot be sup-"
ported in that sense wiiieh would he requisite to work an
exclusion of the States. It is indeed possible that a tax
might be laid on a particular article by a State whielt might
render it inexpedient thatafurther tax should belaid on the
same aiticle by the Union ; but it would not imply a con-
stitutional inability to impose a further tax. The quantity
of the imposition, the expediency or inexpediency of an in-
crease on either side, would be mutually questions of pru-
dence ; butthere would be involved no direct contradiction
of power. The particular policy of the national and of the
State system of finance, might now and then not exactly
coincide, and might require reciprocal forbearances. It is
not, however, a mere possibility of inconvenience in the
exercise of powers, but an immediate constitutional repug-
nancy, that can by implication alienate and extinguish a
preexisting right of sovereignty."
And again:
" As to the interference of the revenue laws of the Union,
and of ita nicmbeis, we have already seen that there can
be no clashing or repugnancy of authority. The laws ean-
not, therefore, in a legai sense, interfere with each other;
and it is far from impossible to avoid an interference even
in the policy of their different systems. An effectual ex-
pedient for this purpose will be mutually to abstain from
those objects which either side may have first liad re-
course to."
This is the advice and counsel of a man whose
policy is at the foundation of the finances of the
Republic, mutually to abstain from those subjects
of taxation which either the Union or the States
may first have had recourse to. Now, licenses
are authorized by State laws. Understate laws,
towns issue licenses, cities issue licenses. There
is hardly a subject of license in this bill that is
not made the subject of State license, many of
town license; and now a person who wants to en-
gage in an occupation has to go to the president
ofthe town council, to the comptroller of the State,
and to the agent of the United States; and when
he has got these three licenses, he may go to work.
It is unsound policy, it is not required, itis med-
dling with the affairs of individuals.
All license systems are more or less unjust.
There is the auctioneer who sells twenty-five dol-
lars' worth a day, and the auctioneer who sells
$25,000 a day, both taxed alike. There is the
young fellow going to the bar who has not earned
his first fee, and there is my friend to the right
[Mr. Browning] accumulates his thousands per
annum. I remember very well when I wentwhere
I first metthat gentleman. When I arrived in the
county of Pike, in tin: State of Illinois, I had some
books and some good clothes, and if ^remember
right, three dollars in my pocket. If the vener-
able judge to whom 1 applied for license had asked
mo to p,ty ten dollars as a condition precedent, I
should have had no chance to earn my first fee.
This whole system of licenses is wrong. It runs
through all departments of business. The tallow
chandler who dips fifty candles a day has to pay
the same tax with a man who has his $50,000 in-
vested. If small communities and townsare com-
pelled to resort to this oppressive and unjust sys-
tem of taxation, let not this gveat Government
engage in it. It is a system that restrains young
energy, that breaks down the power of the young
man full of heart, without money in his pocket.
It is a system altogether unworthy of the Federal
Government. Towns assess a license tax to keep
down grocery keepers, or make them more re-
spectable. It belongs to the business of towns who
have charge of their particular police, but does not
belong to the Federal Government. Here are gro-
cery liceuses, licenses for tallow chandlers, licenses
tor everybody. Here is a license for doctors. I
venture to say that one out of six of the youn<*
doctors that go out West, when they get to the
town where they expect to make their homes,
have not enough to pay their first week's boaid.
How are they going to practice? Men who have
the most enterprise, the most character, who have
the most will and courage, are the men who ad-
venture the most, and they generally stop when
they cannot go any further.
_ The whole system, I say, is wrong. It is only
justified in local jurisdictions as a matter of police.
For instance, a town council may want to take
jurisdiction over groceries, to keep down low
places, and to know what places are authorized
by law. They will; as a matter of police, issue
-licenses for say twenty or fifty dollars. It may
be good policy; I am inclined to think it is; but
for the Federal Government to undertake to do
that which is only justified as a matter of police
belonging to the local jurisdiction is aviolationof
all legitimate rules of national legislation.
,/Again: I object to the tax oil manufactures. It
was affirmed by the .Senator from Rhode Island,
and admitted by the Senator from Ohio—one, the
oldest and best instructed member of the Senate
in matters of revenue, and the other for a long
time recognized as an able chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the other branch
of Congress—that this tax must fall upon the con-
sumer. I cannot agree exactly to the affirma-
tion or the admission, for I am inclined to think
that taxes, after all, in some way or other, adjust
themselves around so as to be on almost every-
body's shoulders, except special taxes. 1 object
to the tax more particularly as inconveniently,
unequally, and unjustly applied, and as being, as
was proved by the Senator from Rhode Island,
a particular burden on the laboring poor. And
again, this taxisademandformoney beforemoneyJ.- men of Syria and the further East. Tho com
is realized. It is asking for that which the par-
ties taxed may not have, whereas in a tax on sales
the price is considered in the purchase and the
money in the hands of the vendor. Here, again,
is a singular and most offensive tax: the specific
tax on the slaughtering of cattle, sheep, and hogs;
a capitation tax. Publish such a provision in the
law to the people of this country, tell them that
when they go in the morning for a little meat for
the family meal they have got to pay a tax to the
butcher, and the children, the women, the old peo-
ple will cry out against it.
Again: the bill imposes a tax upon the salaries
of all persons in the service of the Government.
That is considered a happy subject of legislation,
which excites the particular satisfaction of the
Senator from Ohio, I believe. Why should men
in public employment be specially taxed ? Is it
because _they_ are specially paid ? It has been my
impression, it is the result of all my experience,
that men in office who are fit for office arc, as a
general rule, inadequately paid. It has been so
from the commencement of the Government until
now. Who is there here in the Senate who does
not make a sacrifice of his personal revenue in
undertaking to discharge the duties of his office?
I take it there is not one man here who does not
make a personal sacrifice in coming here, and
some of them_ to large amounts. And do they
take any advantage by coming here? I have
learned to think that ail officc seldom dignifies a
man, a man may dignify an office. What do we
take by coming here? We take the abuse, the
malignant assaults of adversaries who iegard the
characters of public men as without the pale of
courtesy or law. I do not make this a matter of
complaint; nor do I complain of inadequate com-
pensation; but I will remark here that what we
want is better pay and better services, as a gen-
eral thing, and with better pay and services we
could dispense with four fifths of our officials. I
hold a tax upon the salaries of officers in the
employment of the Government to be the rankest
demagogism. I do not believe in this kind of legis-
lation; I cannot be made to believe in it. I believe
ours to be a great, powerful, and just Government
and people, and that this kind of legislation cioes
not represent the judgment or heart of the country.
Again: I object to the tax on advertisements,
and I do this with no fondness for the press, for
which I have no particular regard. I have never
soughtthcir favor,and never feared their assaults.
But hero are advertisements taxed. Why make
them a subject of taxation? A person wants to
inquire for information; he is a seeker after knowl-
edge of some particular thing; he wants to know
something, and you make it a subjectof taxation;
and in that way tax the press, the vehicle of
communication, and by taxing the press tax the
person who inquires.
And now, Mr. President, I desire to enter my
special protest against all those subjects of tax-
ation which create a charge upon individual, in-
tellectual,and commercial contact, upon moral, in-
tellectual, and material intercommunication. Such
taxation is against every rule of public policy. It
has been considered wise policy to promote the
construction of railroads, canals, and telegraphs,
to construct piers and light-houses and harbors in
aid of foreign intercourse and trade. This has
been regarded as of the first public importance.
If it is true policy to advance these interests and
enterprises, there can be no good cause to disturb
or impair them by impositions and charges. It
has been held by the most eminent writers and
thinkers that one of the first elements of the pro-
gress of civilization was facility of intercommuni-
cation and contact. Guizot, in his History of Civ-
ilization, presents this view, and illustrates it by
reference to the cities and States which sprung up
on the shores of the Mediterranean. Even the
pirates, robbers, chiefs,and kings who sailed after
the .golden fleece and fought before the walls of
Troy, returned not only with the spoils of war,
but with the lessons of art and wisdom, where-
with they laid the foundations of States."
In former times communication by water fur-
nished convenient means of contact, and intellect-
ual as well as commercial exchanges. The Greek
seekers after wisdom received their lessons from
the priesthood of Egypt, the astrologers and wise
rnerce of the coast of Palestine gave Solomon the
opportunity to acquire his great wisdom. In more
modern Western Europe, Portugal, "Venice, Hol-
land ,and England, may be cited as instances illus-
trating the same idea. In ancient times water was
the great medium of contact and communication.
Greece, for instance, had no egress except sea-
ward; behind and on either side were rugged
mountains, impenetrable forests, and savage ene-
mies. The facilities furnished by water for con-
venient communication gave great advantage to
an extended coastline in considering the value and
power of a State. There has been a great change
in this respect. Iron has become a more import-
ant medium than water, and railroads and tele-
graphs more important than extended lines of
coast. We are indeed entering upon the age of
iron, the age prophesied by the great Swedenborg,
when ways of iron would, to a great extent, super-
sede ways by water, and who declared that ways
of iron were to be the great agents of a new and
higher civilization. I believe Swedenborg was
right, and that he was what he thought himself to
be, a man inspired. I repeat, sir, we should en-
courage these enterprises, not repress them. We
gave a bonus for a telegraph to the Pacific to secure
its construction, now we propose to tax it. We
have given many millions of acres of land to build
up railroads in the West, now we seek to break
them down. We have abundant subjects of tax-
ation without engaging in these inconsistencies.
This bill charges three per cent, on gross receipts
for passenger travel.
Of the gross receipts of the best railroads in the
United States, not more than forty per cent, goes
into profits. There is not that average; but you
propose to tax them three per cent, on gross re-
ceipts; and what does it amount to ? It'amounts
to at least eight per cent, on the profits of good
roads, and probably takes the entire profits of in-
ferior roads, for some of them hardiy pay at all.
You do not tax William B. Astor, or anybody
else who lives upon his accumulated wealth any
like sum. You hardly reach him at all; but the
great machines of commerce, the great time and
labor-saving machines of our age, which are to do
more for us than any other instrument of power,
is laid under a tax the heaviest charge in this bill.
The Senator from Maine may say a railroad com-
pany have represented to the committee that they
expected to be taxed, and they will stand this tax.
That may be so with one or two railroads of the
whole number in the United States; but suppose
they think they have to be taxed, and are glad to
get off as well as they can, is that a reason why
wise men in council should determine to tax them
if it is against public policy ? I say, no.
Here again is the subject of coal. You say you
want to reach everything. I insist that this is the
great error of the bill and not any argument in its
defense; we should not attempt to reach every thing.
Coal is the motive power that drives all our ma-
chinery, and that is enabling one man to do the
work of a hundred—one of the things that when
a nation finds anywhere about hidden m her earth,
she feels rich because of it, and promotes its de-
velopment. Every development of that kind is
something to be promoted, because it is a facility
to the aggregation of our national wealth—not that
