1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
3Tth Gong....2d Sess.
The Tax Bill—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
I mean to say it needs particular promotion, but
it is not a thing to be made the subject of taxa-
tion.
Again: I object to this universal system of
stamps. Here are several pages of stamp duties.
Everything is to be stamped, from the pill-box to
the locomotive. The child is not to be allowed to
y takeits medicine until it is stamped. Stampsmust
be everywhere, presenting themselves to every
eye at every moment. The little girls will be com-
puting what each stamp costs, and how many
stamps there are in the house, and the boys will
be doing the same, and the wives will be inquiring
into the same matter. Stamps will be seen com-
ing into the door a dozen times a day; they will
be seen in rows in every house, and the nursery
will be full of them, each one saying the Govern-
ment charges three cents, five ccnts, or ten cents;
perhaps, for peppermint for the baby the poor
woman pays what would buy her a loaf of bread.
These things may seem expedient or necessary.
I cannot think so.
Gentlemen of large wealth, who live in stately
homes, and whose relations have been with old
communities, may not understand this as well as
1 undertake to understand it, who have lived out
in the West when the West was a wilderness,
and have lived among people where the smallest
amount of money was regarded as of great value.
Send this bill out into the West, requiring that
everything that they purchase from the village
apothecary and from everybody else shall be
stamped—for the stamps are required for a thou-
sand classes of tilings—requiting that a promis-
sory note which a man makes for twenty dollars
shall be stamped; that every contract which he
makes shall be stamped; that he cannot lease his
farm or his corn patch or anything else without
a stamp, and it will cause complaint and dissatis-
faction. The thing is absurd, impracticable. It
never can be carried into effect, and will only be
the subject of ridicule and evasion. A stamp tax
put upon a certain class of commercial paper, put
upon deeds to be registered, upon wills to be pro-
bated, things that belong to the records of the
country, can be made so that the country will not
feel it, and only men of commerce will have to do
with it, and they will pay it promptly,-and it will
yield really a. large and substantive levenue; but
this general system of stamps is a thing that never
can be executed.
Again, Mr. President, I object to this tax on
insurances. Insurance is a tax paid by the in-
sured for protection against loss, and this is a tax
upon a tax. If those who engage in insurance
pay a tax upon the income they derive from their
investments, this surely should be satisfactory.
Mr. President, it is vain to attempt to enumer-
ate the multitude of objections which may, as I
think, be justly laised to this bill. I will content
myself with reaffirming that it is an unintelligible,
as well as impracticable measure, one which, I
trust, will not be forced upon the country, par-
ticularly at this time of general privation and
suffering.
As soon as I became satisfied that I could not
support the House bill, I undertook tolookabout
for some other system or plan of taxation. lhe
Boston committee arrived in Washington, laid
their views, orally and in print, before the com-
mittee. As I have said, they appeared to be men
of counsel, and familiar with the subject they
discussed. At the suggestion of members of the
committee, with great care they organized their
views into the form of a bill. 1 may here repeat
that their views were approved by the Chamber
of Commerce of New York and the Board of
Trade of Philadelphia. I liave discussed the
same views with many intelligent men of busi-
ness, and I find the same views generally, I might
almost say universally, approved.
In the substitute I design presenting I have not
followed all the details of the Boston bill It, will
be found, however, that I have adopted the same
principle, and generally pursued the exact form
of its provisions. ....
The principal difference between the Boston bill
and the substitute that I propose is stamp agents
in lieu of postmasters, although I do not doubt
but that it would bo convenient to a large extent
to eive the two offices to the same person. 1 he
stamp agent has but to re'eeive the stamps, sell
them, and pay over to the Government, for which
a very small percent, will be sufficient compensa-
tion. The inspectors are to see that every per-
son whose sales are over $200 in any one month
returns to him a stamped account of sales monthly.
He keeps an open list of all persons in his district
subject to be taxed, with the amount of monthly
returns by each party, subject to public inspec-
tion; and both the stamp agents and inspectors
make their several returns to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
This same system runs through every form of
taxation—stamps to be furnished for all returns,
and the inspector to see the returns made to him
properly stamped.
The system is exceedingly simple; there can
be no misunderstanding it, either as to the ma-
chinery or subjects of taxation. It is true there are
some inaccuracies in th'e modification as printed.
I did not regard it as perfected when I brought it
before the Committee on Finance. I proposed to
have it discussed and matured there, and under-
stood that this course met the views of the chair-
man of the committee, but found, as soon as the
House bill had been gone through with, the chair-
man unwilling to consider any other measure.
These inaccuracies I have corrected since, and the
principle being adopted, but little time need be
required in perfecting the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. What officer examines the
statements as to their correctness?
Mr. McDOUGALL. First, the inspector is
bound to furnish a list to everybody who is sub-
ject to taxation, who is to report to him in ten
days. He is bound then to make up a complete
list of every person taxable in his district. He is
bound to keep a list of the amount which the party
returns as the subject of taxation.
Now, let me say a few words upon the tax on
sales. I undertake to say from my knowledge of
business, there is not a town in the West, where
business is more loosely done than it is in the
older States, where there are six men in trade that
cacii man does not know just abotU the amount
of every other man's business. This bill pro-
vides, as it is printed, that every person whose,
sales are over one hundred dollars per mon th shall
make a return. My own proposition is, that
every person whose sales are over two hundred
dollars per month shall make the return; for if I
am correct in my estimates, we do not need as
much as will be raised by this measure. It would
be very difficult to go through and discuss this
bill item by item, fact by fact; but every person
whose sales arc over two hundred doliais pei
month is bound to make his return regularly under
penalty The great point of this measure, as the
Boston gentlemen present it, is this: that every
merchant knows the amount of every other mer-
chant's business. He knows where he buys,
how much he bought, and the amount paid, lhe
clerk knows how much his principal has pur-
chased, and how much lie has sold. Half a dozen
persons surrounding him can detect him in a false-
hood or a fraud, if he attempts it. The conse-
quence is, we can get true and just returns, I ask
if it is not the exact way of getting a revenue. I
say it is exact. There is another question as to
whether it is just or not. There are money-lend-
ers in every town who know just about how much
a man buys, how much he sells, how much he
trusts, and how much he gets cash for. Trading
men cannot deceive the revenue on this subject.
Their business is all open to the inspector. Trade
cannot be done m the dark. A farmer who has
a thousand bushels of wheat cannot get it out o<
his barn and into a warehouse without some-
body knowing he has sold it; and when a man
knows that somebody else knows the thing of
which he is about to speak, he will not swear
falsely. It is one of the simplest things in the
world to get a just and true statement as to the
amount of sales
-✓These men of commerce say—and they should
be authority—that a tax on sales is the simplest,
safest, and most just tax. The sale involves a
money transaction. " A man who sells receives
the price, or what he regards as its equivalent.
Having received the price, he is prepared to pay.
One of the great objections to the bill reported
from the committee is, that it demands from peo-
ple what they have not got. When you charge
a tax on sales, you always charge it on what a
man has received, on what lie has in his pocket,
which he is bound to account for to the Govern-
ment.
It is said that we can derive, by a tax of one
per cent, on sales, $115,000,000 of revenue. _ It
is very easy to compute what we would derive
upon proper returns. I have estimated that we
would derive from that source $80,000,000 of
revenue without taxing any person whoso sales
amount to less than $200 per month, so as not to
tax the mechanic who sells the product of his
own single-handed labor, or the small farmer. I
propose, then, the tax on raw whisky, beer, and
ale, as the committee have reported it; twenty
cents on whisky, and one dollar per barrel on
beer and ale, which may be increased as the de-
mands of the country may require. 1 do not think
the demands on the Treasury will be as great as
is anticipated. Those two items will make a
revenue of $26,000,000, and I think §30,000,000.
I propose a tax, and to accept the same figures
as in the committee bill, on tobacco, snuff, and
cigars, which is estimated at $20,000,000.
I propose, then, a tax on fixed incomes. I dif- *•
fer with the Senator from Rhode Island on that
subject. How call you tax the income of a law-
yer who keeps no books: It is not the habit of
lawyers to keep an exact account either of their
expenditures or incomes. They spend all the
money they get, generally. It is their own, un-
less it happens to be their clients, and then they
pay it over. How are you going to get at the in-
come of a merchant—a man whose life isengaged
in venture, whose every enterprise is a risk of
fortune, and who, if at the end of a lifetime of
friendly and adverse fortune, is able to go quietly
to his home among his people, and sit down
and rest for the evening of his days, is a fortunate
man ? How are you going to get at his incomer
Mr. SIMMONS. 'Does the Senator want ail
answer >
Mr. McDOUGALL. i do not ask for an an-
swer at present. You can give me an answer
when I have concluded. However, I will hear it
now.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will look at
the provisions of the income tax, passed last Au-
gust, he will find that that provides that a man
shall render an account of his income for the year
preceding the 1st of January of each year. His
year's business ends at the 1st of January, and
his income tax will be payable in six months after-
wards. I do not suppose I keep much better
books than the Senator. I carry on a farm and
have alittle book, and I set down most of the little
matters in relation to it; but I do not believe there
is a man of business in the country who does not
know his income. The Senator speaks of men in
business, where there is a groat deal of venture,
as he calls it. These credits, I believe, are some-
times very long, but scarcely ever more than six
months. If I make up a balance-sheet on the 1st
of January,1862 
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator can make
a speech after I get through.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall not take more than one
minute more. You can get your breath, and by
that time I shall be through. Ifl make up my ac-
counts by the 1st of January, 1862, seven eighths
of all due to me will mature before the 1st of July
following; and ifl had any loose notes about, that
luid not matured, 1 should know how to go into
the market and sell them and closc my books, and
know just what I would make; and that is my in-
come. , ,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that per-
fectly. Tlio gentleman lends money; he has cash
notes drawing interest, and he knows just how
solvent his debtors are. That is a very simple
kind ofbusincss. I know there is not a person en-
gaged in that business in the United States who
cannot compute his income pretty closely all the
year round. But how is it with the men who
venture in commerce, where the article they pur-
chase at fifty dollars a ton to-day, and m which
they invest $50,001), may be thirty dollars to-mor-
row or eighty dollars ? Howabout those men who
may be ruined or made prosperous by the acci-
dent of a day, news from Europe or from the Last,
war, or some treaty of peace, if you please? llow
about thosS.'
