1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2711
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the law which we passed a few
days a^o does not fix the penson of the widow of
the commanding general of the Army or of a
commander of the Navy at just the sum which
Mrs. Berrvman is now receiving—thirty dollars
a month; and whether it does not fix the pension
in this case at twenty-five dollars a month ?
Mr. HARRISON. My statement was, that
under the law which is now in force, if Berryman
had continued in the service a few days longer he
would have been entitled to a pension of forty-five
dollars a month. Whether the bill which passed
this House a few days since will supersede the
law now in force, will depend upon the action of
the Senate.
I have said all I desire upon the general question
here presented, which is whether Congress ought
to make any exception to the general provisions
of the law. This body should not forget thatgrant-
ing suitable rewards for peculiarly valuable and
meritorious services operate as inducements for
the performance of services of that character.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns to-
day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
SARAH F. BERRYMAN—AGAIN.
Mr.LEARY. It is not my intention to say any-
thing to the members of the House in relation to
the intrinsic merits of the case now before us. The
only interest I feel in this case arises from the fact
that Mrs. Berryman, the widow of this officer, is a
resident of my own city. I have not examined
carefully into the merits of the case, but it is suf-
ficient for me to say that the report which has been
presented to the House by the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, shows a sufficient degree of merit
in the case to entitle it to our favorable consider-
ation.
If I understand correctly, the only effect of this
bill will be to give to Mrs. Berryman five dollars
more per month than she would have been entitled
to provided her husband had continued in the ser-
vice up to this time, and then had died.
It seems to me that Congress is perfectly au-
thorized to exercise, in all such cases as this, a
large and liberal discretion. Whatever may be
the tenor of the general law which exists upon
the statute-book m reference to cases generally,
an individual case is here presented to us show-
ing extraordinary merits, and it is our right as
well as our duty to take it out of the operation
of the general law and give it that place which
it eminently deserves.
I wish merely to add here one fact in reference
to this lady. In addition to the facts which have
been stated by the committee in their report, and
enlarged upon by members of that committee, that
it was chiefly in consequence of the sterling in-
tegrity and firmness of Lieutenant Berryman that
the United States was secured in possession of
Fort Pickens, I wish to state this additional fact,
that this lady herself, although surrounded in the
city of Baltimore, during the last twelve months,
by social interests and influences in direct hos-
tility to this Government, has preserved her own
integrity and loyalty, has stood forward with un-
faltering devotion to the llag and Government of
the country, and maintained that position in spite
of all influences brought to bear upon her. This
case is eminently deserving of our favorable con-
sideration, and I hope no successful opposition
will be raised to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole upon the
Private Calendar.
The motion was not agreed to.
ORDER OE BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. By special assignment, to-
day, after the morning hour, is set apart for the
consideration of business from the Committee on
Military Affairs. The morning hour has expired,
and reports are in order from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 495) providing
that the oiliceis of volunteers shall be paid on the
pay-rolls of the regiment or company to which
they belong.
^The bill, which was read, provides that the offi-
cers of volunteers shall be paid on the muster or
pay-rolls of their companies,' party, or detach-
ment, and not otherwise, except when such offi-
cers shall be upon detached service withouttroops,
or on leave of absence.
Mr. DUNN. The object of the bill is to secure
to the soldiers more prompt paymentof the money
due for their services. There is great complaint
throughout the Army of neglect in the payment
of the soldiers, and it is believed that the delay is
in a great degree attributable to the neglect of the
officers who prepare the pay-rolls. In this bill
we connect the interest of the captain and officers
with that of the privates, so that the officers can-
not receive their pay unless the soldiers be also
paid. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SIIIP CANAL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment, a bill (H. R. No. 288) to construct a ship
canal for the passage of armed and naval vessels
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and
for other purposes.
The amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
was read, as follows:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
o/ the United States of Jimoica in Congress assembled, That
so soon as the State of Illinois shall by conveyance, sat-
isfactory to ami approved by the Attorney General of tlx;
United State*, transfer to and vest in the United States a
clear and unincumbered title to the bed of the Illinois and
Michigan canal, and the land over which the same pusses^
including its banks, maigms, .tow-path*, feeders, right of
way. locks, dams, water-power sti uctnres, and ail the prop-
erty, right, title, and interest of the said State of Illinois ol,
in, and to said canal, with the hereditaments and appur-
tenances thereunto belonging, or in anywise appertaining,
that William II. Swift, now one of the trustees ol the said
Illinois and Michigan canal, together with a skillful and ex-
penenced engineer in the topogiaphical eoips of the United
States Arinv. to be designated by the Secretary of War, and
a citizen ol the State ot Illinois, to be designated by the
President of the United State*, with authority, under the
dnectton of the Secretary of War, to eniaige the Illinois
and Michigan canal, and to impiovc the navigation of the
Illinois ami Des Plains nverj>, m such a manner as to fur-
ui-h a ^uitablr and sufficient watoreommunic.ition lor the
gunboats and other naval and war vessels of the United
States, between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi rivei,
ol the dimensions and in the mode hcreaUer piovided.
See. 2. Jlnd be it further enaded. That the s.iid eomniis-
Pioneis shall forthwith make a caictu! examination and sur-
vey of the said canal and river, and determine upon a suit-
able plan for tin: imptovemcnt aforementioned, which plan
shah piovide foi the entailment of said canal to.a width
of not less than one handled and sixty feet, with locks of
not ICS'S than three hundred and ft fry feet in length and sev-
enty-five feet in width, and lor the unpiovoinent ot «aid
livers in such manner as to m>ure a safe and uninterrupted
water navigation between Lake Michigan and the Missis-
sippi rivei at all times during the ^ea&on of navigation of
gunboats. steamboats, naval and war vessels of tiie United^
States, and all other vessels not drawing over six feetot
watei, which plan shall be submitted to the Piesident of the
United States for approval.
Srr:. 3. Jlnd be it Jinthcr enactcd, That upon the appioval
hy the Piesident of the United States of the plan ol said
nnptovement aforesaid, the said commissioner are hcicby
authorized to construct the said improvement, according to
said plan, under the direction of the Secretary of War, and
to prosecute The same to completion with such dispatch as
the nature of the work and the funds appiopuated lor that
paipo^e fiom time to time by Congress shall peimit. And
the said commissioners shall make a lfpoit annually to the
Societalv ol War on the progress of said woik, with esti-
mates of the amount which will be leqmred for the prose-
cution of the same dunng the succeed tun \ eai ; and the Sec-
ictaiy of War shall include the amount so lepoited m inc
estimates lor the cxpendituies of the War Department, and
the same shall bo piovidod for in the annu U appropriations
loi such Department.
Sec. 4. dnrt be it further enactcd, That the said commis-
sioner shall,under tho direction ol the Secretary ot War,
have the exclusive control and management oi the said
canal and improvements, and shall have power to establish
ail needlul rules and leguiations concerning the use and
navigation thereof, and to fi*,altm,and modify the rates oi
toll upon said canal and rivers included in said improve-
ment, and, under the diicction of the Secretary of U ar, to
ymplov such agents, engineers, surveyor, draughtsmen,
collectors, and other persons, as they may judge necessary
for the performance of the work hereby committed to them,
with full power to enter upon, appropuato, use, and eon
demu anv lands, water streams, and materials ol any de-
scription necessary for the prosecution ol the hnpiovement
contemplated by this bill: JProvided, That when private
property shall be taken for such purpose the same shall be
condemned and compensation made therefor In the manner
now provided by the laws of the State of Illinois* And it
shall be the duty of such commissioners to cause ail the
work done upon said improvements to be Jet to the lowest
responsible bidder at public iettings, of which sufficient pub-
lic notice, by advertisement in the public newspapers, sfeail
be given.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That tfee revenues de*,
rived from the said canal and river over an,d above tiic ex-
penses of management, and of lepairs and expenditures"
thereon, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
and a separate account shall be kept of such receipts, ana
the same shall be appropriated as follows : first, to the pay-
ment ot the interest and principal expended by the United
States upon the said work ; second, to the payment to the
State of Illinois of the entire amount, which was a charge
upon tho said canal at the time of the conveyance thereof
to the United States, together with the interest thereof,
which amount shall be paid to the Treasuiy of the United
States, upon such vouchers, and under such regulations, as
the Secrctaiy of the Treasury of the United States shall
direct.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said commis-
sioners shall each receive such salary, not exceeding $3,000
per annum, as the Secretary of War shall, with Irespect to
their respective duties and services, determine: Provided,
That such additional compensation only shall be allowed
to the said commissioners designated from the topographical
corps as shall, by the Secrctaiy oi War, be deemed proper,
and said commissioneis shall respectively givo bond for
the faithful perfoimanecof their dutiesin suchamountand
upon such condition as the Secretary of War shall prescribe.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That aftei the reim-
bursement to the United States of the amount by them ex-
pended, and to the State oflllinoisof the said canal indebt-
edness, as provided in section five, it shall be the duty of
the President of the United States, upon the request of the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, to transfer to said State
of Illinois the said Illinois and Michigan canal, and the said
improvements thereof, with a proviso to be attached to the
said transfer that the said canal shall forever thereafter be
open and Iree to the navigation of nil the citizens of the
United States, subject only to such tolls as should be neces-
sary to keep the same in suitable lepair, and defiay the cur-
rent expenses of its management, and subject to the further
condition that the United States should have the right at all
times to tiansport vessels of war, troops, and public prop-
erty over said canal absolutely free fioin any toll or other
charge whatsoever.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to make a
brief explanation.
Mr. ELY. I ask the gentleman from Missouri
to yield to mo for one moment. I understand that
the President of the United States has sent in a
communication in reference to tins bill, and I ask
that the communication of the President may be
read in connection with the bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a question of or-
der'. The third section of this bill makes an ap-
propriation, and tho bill must, therefore, have its
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Tho substitute pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs strikes
out the appropriation.
The SPEAKER. Th Chair sustains the point
of order. The bill is before the House, and the
amendments have nothing to do with the point of
order. The bill is referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BLAJ R, of Missouri. Then I move that
the House resolve itself into ihc Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of consideiing the bill now.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope not. This is private
bill day. Let us go on with that business.
The SPEAKER. This day has been set apart
by special order for the consideration of business
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 withdraw my mo-
tion for the present.
Mr. STEVENS. Isit in order to move to post-
none the bill? . ,
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the House. It is in the Committee, of the Whole
on the state of the Union, having been sent there
on a point of order made by the gentleman from
Rhode Island. The motion to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union is with-
drawn .
COUPS OF ENGINEERS, ETC.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to promote the efficiency of
the corps of engineers and of the commissary de-
partment; which was read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill provides that the
corps of engineers and of topographical engineers
be united into one corps to be called the corps of
engineers, and that the organization shall be as fol-
lows: one brigadier general, four colonels, eight
lieutenant colonels, sixteen majors, twenty-four
