730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
th© report as'preset) ted to the House. This ques-
tion. as to t'ht power of the convention at Wlieel-
:ing to call a congressional election in my congres-
sional district, had^tot been raised. Thequestion
•of notice,.the question of vacancy, the question
of" write of election—all these new questions, I
call the committee to bear me witness I had no
^opportunity to meet before them. I had no oppor-
tunity to controvert thorn, as I am sure 1 could
' have done if the opportunity had been afforded
me. I do not mean, I repeat, to charge upon the
- committee any sort of impropriety or unfairness.
They have uniformly treated me with courtesy
and kindness; but the effect of their action has,
nevertheless, been a surprise upon me, and the
placing of me ma most unfavorable attitude before
the House. Yet, I most unhesitatingly acquit
them of all imputation of intentional injustice,
though the effect upon me is the same as if inten-
tional wrong was meant.
I present these facts to show the necessity of
now having a fair chance of meeting these ques-
tions before the House, and also for the purpose
of showing the House the propriety of extending
my time beyond the allotted hour, should I not be
able to finish my argument within that time.
The question then comes up, am I entitled to
hold a scat upon this honored floor? I hold that
I am. I hold that I am, in all substantial legality,
or t.o change the phrase, in all legal substantiality,
elected. There may have been some petty forms
not complied with, to some of which the com-
mittee refer in the report, but which are at once
swept away by the old maxim—de minimis non
curat lex. And again,sir, this is not technicality's
hour. It is the hour of great practical realities and
substantialities, and that simple fact ought at once
to dispose of so much of the report as" relates to
mere forms.
And now as to the law and the facts of this case.
I must confess I admire the boldness with which
my friend the chairman of the committee marches
up to his work; I choose to cull him my friend; I
know that if we are not friends now, that when
we get to fighting side by side and shoulder to
shoulder the battles of this great conflict, then the
gentleman from Massachusetts and myself will be
friends; and I tell him that if Igetaseatupon this
floor I am resolved to make a friend of him before
this Congress ends. I say I admire the boldness
with which he marches up to his positions in this
report, lie comes down to the root of the thing,
to the foundation of my right at once. Ho de-
• mos the power of the convention of Virginia to
pass the law under which I was elected, arguing
that any valid law calling an election in my dis-
trict or Sttfte must have been passed by the Legis-
lature of Virginia, because the Constitution de-
clares that the times, places, and manner of holding
elections in the scve/al States shall be piescubed
by the Legislatures thereof.
ENROLLED BtTJ,.
Mr. GRAlMER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex.-
aniincd and found truly enrolled a bill (8. No. 190)
to authonzfc an additional issue of United States
notes, when the Speaker signud the same.
VIRGINIA ELECTION AG AIN.
Mr. SEGAJl. I take issue with the gentleman;
and to enable the House to judge more correctly,
1 quote the law or ordinance under which I claim
to have been elected. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The people of Virginia, by their delegates assembled in
convention at Wheeling, do onlain as follows:
" 1. In every congressional distnet ot the State where,
from any cause, an election of a liepicsentativo in flic Con-
gress of the United States was not held on the fourth Thurs-
day m May last, and in the eleventh district, whore a va-
cancy now exists, an ejection for such Representative ^hall
he held on the fourth Thursday m October next, which
Muili he conducted, and the result ascertained, declared, and
certified In the manner directed in the second edition of
the Code of Virginia.
"2. If in eonscquence of the occupation of any county bv
armed forces jn hostility with or in lebclhofi agam*t the
Government of the United States, such election cannot bo
or is not held in such county, any person entitled to vote
therein may vote in any other county of his district. And
if no election shall be held at the time appointed in the first
section ofthis oidmance in anycongrc«sional district therein
mentioned, the Governor, on receiving satisfactory evidence
thereof, may, by ptociamation or writ, appoint another day
for holding such election thuein.-"'
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
convention transcended its powers. In other
words, that it is not a Legislature. Well, sir, if
it is not a Legislature, his argument is unanswer-
able. But, sir, I maintain that it is not orfly a Le-
gislature, but that it is the highest form of a legis-
lative body; it is a Legislature of the people them-
selves. 1 have always understood that the theory
upon which this Government was founded was
that the people were the source of all p'ower, and
that when they choose to meet in convention their
action must be taken as supreme. They can set
aside the ordinary laws of the ordinary Legisla-
ture at their will. They have done Vo in these rev-
olutionary times in nearly all the* border slave
States. I presume that the people of Virginia, sit-
ting in convention,had the power not only to re-
peal a law enacted by the Legislature of the State,
but that they could abolish the ordinary Legisla-
ture altogether.
But I need not argue this question by my own
logic. I am saved the necessity by the past de-
cisions of the House itself, and of this present
Committee of Elections. This body has solemnly
and unequivocally committed itself to the punci-
ple upon which 1 stand here to-day, and against
the principle assumed by the Committee of Elec-
tions in this report.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to do what is
sometimes done: to make the doctor take a little
of his own physic, and if my friend from Massa-
chusetts—for 1 persist in calling him my friend—
makes any wry faces, I must get my friend from
Kentucky, over the way, to hold iiis nose while I
pour down the dose; [laughter;] or I propose to
hoist the engineer by his own petard.
I say, again, I am saved the necessity of debat-
ing this question, for the Rouse has itself settled
the question in the most solemn form m which it
could be settled. There was, a little more than
half a year ago, an extra session of Congress held
m this Capitol. A Mr. Thayer had been returned
from the State of Oregon, and was admitted as a
member of this House. Mr. Shiel, my friend
who now occupies a seat here as t^e member from
that State, contested the seat of the sitting mem-
ber. Mr. Thayer came hither elected.at an elec-
tion called by the ordinary Legislature of Oregon
Mr. Siiiel contested under an election ordered by
the convention of Oregon. It was decided by both
the committee and the House that Mr. Siiiel was
legally entitled to the'seat; that the previous elec-
tion under the act of the convention of Oregon
superseded the election under the act of the Legis-
lature of Oregon.
Mr. Sxiiel's ease is identically the same as my
own. I come hero, t\s Mr. Shiel did, under an
election, ordered not by the ordinary Legislature
of Virginia, but by the highest legislative author-
ity recognized in this land—by the people in con-
vention assembled. [ claim a seat from the high
gift of the people of Virginia, who were acting in
their sovereign capacity, under a convention of the
people, which is superior m character to all other
Legislatives ever held or that could be held within
her limits. Sir, that is my case precisely. My
case and the case of Mr. Siiiel are as parallel as
mathematical parallel lines. 1 challenge my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Duvr.s] to show the
slightest, the faintest, the least want of analogy
between the two cases.
But, as I have said, (and I say it in pleasantry,)
I must administer to my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] a little of his own physic, In
the case of Shiel against Thayer, decided at the
extra session, the icport was made by the same
committee and by the same chairman that now
report on my case. The same chairman that ad-
mitted Mr. Siiiel when he knocked at the door of
this House, it seems would now reject me although
the grounds of our claims arc exactly the same.
I read from the rcpoi t of]the Committee of Elec-
tions in Mr. Shiel's case:
" And for the reasons stated, the committee have no doubt
that the constitution of the State has tixed, beyond the con-
trol of the Legislature, the time for holding an election of
Representatives in Congress at the general election to be
held biennially, and that at such election so held m pursu-
ance of the constitution, the contestant was duly clectedto
the Thirty-Seventh Congress."
As the gentleman from Massachusetts has re-
ferred the House, by way of caution, to the case
of Mr. Foster, of North Carolina, I must take
occasion to say, Mr. Speaker, that I am not here
pleading for the recognition of any spurious claim
for a seat in this body. That gentleman will per-
mit me to say that the allusion made by him in
that regard should not have been made, because
it places my case in no enviable connection. I
stand, I trust, upon far higher grounds in every
respect than stood the bogus claimant from North
Carolina; nevertheless, I do not propose to take
offense, however unpleasant the association he
makes of me, satisfied that the chairman himself
and the House must know the wide difference
between the two cases. g*
1 have promised, sir, to Imist the engineer with
his own petard, and this I procccd to do. During
the debate on the contested-election case of Shiel
rs. Thayer, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] took the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to task for asserting that it was within
the power of a State, under any circumstances to
fix the time and place for holding an election.
Then my friend maintained an entirely different
principle from that which he now advocates.
The goutlennui from Massachusetts used this lan-
guage:
"If thcic wtie a conflict between the action of the Le
gislature nl Oregon and its constitution, there might be some
giound foi the position which is assumed by the gentleman
iiom Pennsylvania. But the organic law, that which rises
above and swallows up all legislative action, having determ-
ined that this election should be held on a paiticular day
and in a specific manner, and the Legislature of Oregon
having acquiesced in that by passing no law in conflict with
it, it is assumed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
it is proper for this House to say that the people of Oregon
shall not, in that way and in that manner, declare how and
when and where their Representative shall be elected."
That is conclusive. It cannot be overturned, if
the chairman of the committee had all the legal
ability of every judge who ever sat in the Supreme
Court of the United States.
I road further, as replied to Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania:
" It occurs to me, sir, that the provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States which says that the time and place
shall be specified by the Legislature of each State, meant
simply that they should be fixed by the constituted author-
ity of the State until Congress itself should fix a time for
the election in all the States. As Congress has not fixed
that time, it has said to every State s you may, by your con-
stituted authorities, thr.ough whom you choose to speak in
youi law, fix the time.' Now, the Legislature of the State
of Oregon has acquiesced, if nothing more, in the time fixed
by the constitution, the organic law of Oregon."
Now, if the gentleman from Massachusetts has
not given up in this case the principle for which
he then contended, 1 do not know the import of
human language. But this is not all. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] took
thegentleman to task, when the followmgdialogue
occurred:
"Mr. Stevens. The organic law of Oregon is no* defi-
nite. It fixes the first election, but not a woid about any
subsequent one.
"Mi. Dawes. The organic law of the State says that all
those gcneial elections shall be held ori the first ftionday of
June, biennially, and specifies what officers shal^be elected
on that day. Among them is a member of Congress. If,
theiefore, it is m the power of the State of Oregon,through
its constitution, to say when tins election shall be held, it
has so said, it sceins to me, tis plainly as it could say it.
"Mi. Stuvfns. It was competent to fix the time for gen-
eral elections, but not for the election of a member of (Jon-
" Mi. Dawes. I was about to remaik that the position
of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania is in the face of all the
precedents of this House—precedents lollowed when Ore-
gon hei's-elfwasadmitted into the Union ; foi the House then
acknowledged, as a Kepiesentativc legally electcd, a man
chosen at a tune and place not specified by the Legislature
m Oicgon, hut by the constitutional convention—in the
•".nine instrument that specified that his successor should be
elected two years fiom that time."
I ask the House to note this declaration of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, and 1
trust that if they give even-handed justice they
will, as the Representatives of the people, adjudge
my case upon precisely the same principle that
they adjudged the case of Mr. Shiel. The gen-
tleman then advocated the superiority of a con-
vention over the ordinary Legislature. He alleged
that the contrary position assumed by Mr. Ste-
vexs was against all of the precedents of this
House. 1 will quote still further, and I call the
attention of the House particularly to whatlsjjall
read:
" The House of Representatives, in admitting my friend
from the State of Kansas [Mr. Conway] as a Represent-
ative on this floor, adopted this same constiuction of the
powers of a State—that it could fix the tune of election,
either by their constitutional convention in their organic
law, or by their Legislatuie. My fiieiul camc here, not by
viitue of any election held at any tune and place fixed by
the Legislature of the State of Kansas; and such is the his-
tory ot ail these new States.
" It seems to me thatthorfe can be no giound for the House
adopting the amendment to the leport of the committee,
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The sitting
