1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BIDDLE. Is it in order to ask a division
of the question ?
The SX^EAKEE. It is one amendment, and
thp Chair does not see how it can be divided.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I am informed that there is
great difficulty experienced before the examining
board, in respect to the question of age. It is sup-
posed to be impossible to find competent men
under the age of thirty years, arid I suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
that the bill be amended so as to allow surgeons
to be appointed under the age of forty instead of
thirty. I understand that a number of these med-
ical cadets, who have been performing' such ser-
vice in the hospitals, are over the age of thirty
years, some of them over thirty-five years of age.
In consequence of their experience during the last
year they are probably more competent than any
other class of medical men whose services can now
be procured. I understand that the Surgeon Gen-
eral is anxious that they should be employed as
surgeons; but, in consequence of their age, they
cannot come before the examining board. I there-
fore move to amend by adding these words:
Provided, That the surgeons appointed under this act
shall be under forty years ot age.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAlIi, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMING OF FOUT ADAMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported backjomt resolution
(No. 79) for arming Fort Adams; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
MILITARY EXPENSES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the same com-
mittee, reported back House bill (No. 508) to al-
low and pay to the State of Missouri the amount
of money expended by said State in the arming
and paying of troops employed in the suppression
of insurrection against the laws of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
DEFENSE OF FOItT SUMTER.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the following resolutions,
with the recommendation that they be adopted:
Whereas the Hou*e ot Kepi c?entatives of the Congress of
the United have made no suitable acknowledgment
ot the services of Major Anderson and his gallant band at
Fnrt Sumter and Charleston harboi;and whereas General
Audei-jon^ hold and patiioric and fearless acts have hern
iu-tified bs' tin-- Iloiw; and wherea-^ it is an appropriate
custom toeommemoiate and perpetuate such worthy deeds
by suitable medals for encouiagement to the patriotic:
Therefore,
Rewired, That the House of Representatives hereby ex-
ptes es it? high sense ot the service* tendered by Major Ate
detson and his command to the cause ot the nation and the
Union by their fearle^b conduct and patient sufferings
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed who
shall cause to be executed and presented to Mdjoi Ander-
son and his officers and soldiers, who were at Fort Sumter,
suitable medals, historic in character and appropriate in
composition—gold tor officers, and silver for men.
Air. F, A. CONKLING. 1 move to refer these
resolutions to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
DELAWARE MILITARY EXPENSES.
Mr. DUNN". I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of discharging the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of House bill_(No. 3*21) to
indemnify certain citizens of-the United States re-
siding in the State of Delaware for expenses in-
curred by them in defense of the United States.
The SPEAKER, The motion to suspend the
rules is not m order lo-day. %
Mr. DUNN. I ask, then, the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the committee
from the consideration of this hill; and if they will
permit me I will make a brief statement of the ob-
jects of the bill.
Mr. FENTON. It is a private bill, I believe.
Mr. DUNN. It is a private bill reported by
the Military Committee.
Mr. FENTON. I desire, if the gentleman will
permit, to move that the rules he suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar. The
bill may then be reached m its regular order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is a special order
for to-day, and I object to going into committee
for the purpose of taking up the Private Calendar
generally.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope there will at least be
no objection to allowing my colleague to make a
statement in reference to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will suggest to my col-
league that his explanation will be in order in com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot receive
suggestions. Is there objection to the gentleman
from Indiana making a statement in reference to
this bill?
No objection was made.
Mr. DUNN. I will first ask that the bill may
be read.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enactcd by the Se?iate and House of Representatives
ofthc United States of Jlmet icain Congress assembled, That
the Seeretaiy of the Tiea^uiy be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed, out of any money in the Tieasuiy
not otherwise appioprinted. to pay to the Farmers' Bank of
the State of Delaware, at Dover, or the duly authoiized
agent thereof, the sum of $1,378, that being the sum of
money, with the interest thereon, borrowed ot said bank by
Alden B. Kichardson and othns, citizens of the State of
Delawaie, and by them expended for the enrolling, t-uh«us.t-
ing, clothing, and" equipping company D of the fin t regiment
oj'Delaware volunteers employed in aidmi: to supplies the
present insurrection against tin'United States: and al>oto
the Bank of Smyrna, at Smyrna, Delaware, or the agent
thereof^ the like &um of ,-51,378, that being tiie sum of money,
with the interest theieon, borrowed ot said last-mentioned
bank bv George W". Cummins and otheis, citizen:? of said
$tateot Delaware, and by them expended for the enrolling,
sub^ibtm*!, clothing and equipping company U of said firM
regunent'of Delaware volunteeis employed m said service
as aforesaid.
Mr. DUNN. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs report an amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he hereby,
authorized and directed, out of any money in the TreaMiry
not othei wise appropriated, to pay to the Frirmc^*Bankof
the State of Delaware, at Dovei,or the duly authorized
agent thereof, any amount not exceeding the sum of $1,378,
boriowcd of-said bank by Alden 13. Richardson and others,
^itize.is of the State of Delaware, and by them expended
tot tiie enrolling, subsisting, clothing, and equipping ot com-
pany I) of the first regiment oi Delawaie voimueer> em-
ployed in aidingto s>uppre-s the present insurrection against
the" United State*; and aho to the Bank of Smyrna, at
Smjrna, I) -l.iware,oi the duly authoiized agent thereof,an
amount not exceeding the sum of $1,378, boriowed of ^aid
last-mentioned bank by Guorge W. Cummins and other*,
citizens of said State of Delawaie, and hv them expended
for the emolhng, ^ub.-istmg, clothing, and equipping com-
pany HI of said fii>t legiment of Di-law.ne volunteers em-
ployed in said service as aforesaid: Proridrd, That said
Secretary shall pay only &o much of the expenditure-: afore-
said as, upon examination, he shall be s-aiislied weie piop-
orly made.
Mr. DUNN. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs have made a report upon this bill which will
explain the bill more fully perhaps than I could do
in the time it will require to read it. I ask that
the report may he read.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
House £>ill No. 321, to indemnify ceitain loyal citizens of
the State of Delaware xor expen&e* incuried by them in de-
fence of the (Jni ted States beg leavp to report:
Upon ih'- iM?U!ii!i of the proclamation of the President ot
the loth ot'Apiil, Jdfil, calling upon the seveial State.- to fur-
nish troops to aid in the >uppK. Mon oi the rebellion,etlort.-
were made by the Ioval citizens of the State ol D'dawareto
induce the Governor of that State to convene the General
Assembly, foi the purpo>e ot ptovidingfoi tiie lai-ing, arm-
ing, and equipping the regiment of three months' volunteeis
which vva-i a-ked of Delaware. The Governor refused to
call the Legislature together, andtheie was not at that tune
even one organized eompanj ol volunt^ris or milma m tin;
State, except some throe or tour companies which hud been
organized a few weeks before the stoinnng ot Fort Sumter,
and immediately after the return home of Chancellor Dick-
inson, of Mississippi, who had been sent by the cooteder-
ates to addie-^s the Legislature of the Stale of Delawaie,
and to mute hei co peiation with the seceding States.
These companies had been pio\ ided with aims ol the most
approved pattern—lone-range rifles, which were drawn ttom
the General Govei unient upon an order tiom the Executive
of the State ot Delaware.
The Ioval people ot the State, seeing there wiw no other
mode of "le^ponding to the demand ot the President lor a
regiment of uifhntrv to be furnished by the  ?tate, determ-
ined to raw: and clothe it from ihUi own private mean*.
The authorities of the city of Wilmington took tiie lead m
this work of patriotism,*and provided for several companies
out of the city funds. The two companies, for the raising
and clothing of which partial indemnity only is now a^ked,
were raised in Kent county. They were recruited at gieat
expense, winch was borne by private contributions;' and
the money which Congress is now a^ked to appropriate was
borrowed of the Farmers' Bank at Dover and the Bank of
Smyrna, to provide clothing and ration* for the companies
until they could be musteied into the United State's service.
Bonds were executed to those banks by several Individuals;
all of whom had contributed money for the recruitingofthe
companies. Those bonds are unpaid, and Congress is nour
a-^ked to provide for then payment that the individuals, may
be relieved. It is believed that, if the «um< asked forshall
be paid, (being about one thousand four hundred dollars to
each company,) it would be a small sum for the raising and
equipping a company.
The committee therefore report back bill No. .321, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. DUNN. It will be seen that when the Pres-
ident called upon the State of Delaware for her
quota of troops at the commencement of the pres-
ent rebellion, the State organization was mainly in
the hands of persons opposed to the General Gov-
ernment, and that most of the military companies
in the State which were armed were sympathizers
with the rebels.
Under these circumstances, a few patriotic citi-
zens on their own account undertook to raise a
regiment in the State of Delaware, and it is to re-
munerate them for a part of the expenses that this
bill is now introduced.
We passed a general act in regard to the ex-
penses incurred by the different States for arming
and equipping their troops in the field, but as these
expenses were not incurred by the State organi-
zation, but by persons in their individual capacity,
the general law is not applicable to this case, and
a special act is therefore necessary to reimburse
these expenses.
Gentlemen will observe that the whole matter is
referred to the Secretary of the Treasury, who,
upon examination of the accounts, is to pay only
what was properly and actually expended, not ex-
ceeding the amount which is stated. J hope there
will be no objection to discharging the committee
from the further consideration of the bill, and to
putting it on its passage. ^
The SPEAKER. The question is-first upon
the motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fenton] that the rules be suspended and that the
House resolve itself in to a Committee of the Whole
House on thre Private Calendar.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I now ask that the committee may
be discharged from the bill 1 have named.
* No objection being made, the bill was brought
before tiie House for action upon it.
Mr. DUNN demanded the pievious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
n third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ILLINOIS SHIP CANAL.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. During the ses-
sion of to-day House bill No. 288, for the con-
struction of a ship canal for the passage of armed
naval vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake
Michigan, and for other purposes, was, upon
objection being made to its consideration in the
House, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The gentle man who
made the objection informs me that he is willing
to withdiaw it upon condition that 11 be postponed
until some day, and made a special order.
Mr. WfCKLIFFE. I must object^ Such a
bill as that ought to have full consideration m the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move, then, to
reconsiderthe vote by which the bill was referred.
The SPEAKER. The vote could be i\ consid-
ered; but upon objection being made thai the bill
makes an appropriation, it would again go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BLAlIt, of Missouri. I hope tlv gentle-
man from Kentucky will not object to allowing
this bill to be made a special order for Thursday
of next week.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wiU suggest that
the bill is a special order for to-day.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, i hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw his objec-
