234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26j
STth Cong. ... 2d Sess.
' Confiscation and Emancipation—Mr. Gurley.
Ho. of Reps.
less negroes, old and young-, sick and decrepit,
on our hands, and create'universal consternation
among our friends in the border States, upon
whom we must depend for the revival of Union
sentiments, and the restoration of the authority
of the United States.
We are in danger of doing tod much, not too
little, on this interminable negro question. We
have already passed statutes without number to
regulate it, and after all it will require our heaviest
artillery finally to disposeofit. It is in a fair way
of settling itself, without further congressional
intervention; and if only our agitators would join
our victorious columns, instead of distracting the
public counsels, they might render good servico
in this behalf. Rut I have observed that pseudo
philanthropists and humbug humanitarians never
dose themselves with the physic they prescribe
to their credulous victims.
I am well aware there is a large and influential
element in the country which holds different views,
and lends itself to the prosecution of the war for
abolition purposes alone. But £ prefer to treat the
question in its military aspectand political results,
entirely ignoring the wild vagaries of negro equal-
ity and negro rights. The people at large sustain
the war because they hope thereby to restore the
Union and maintain the Constitution in its ori-
ginal integrity. I am sure that our volunteers went
into the field with that purpose. Under that in-
spiring watchword we have raised our men and
money, and can continue to raise them. If the
institution of slavery, or any other thing, stands
in the path of our progress let our biave soldiers
strike itdovvn. 1 will not, here or elsewhere, raise
an arm or give a vote to shield it from the blow.
But whether it outlives the struggle or dies in the
last ditch, the Constitution must be maintained
and the Union must be restored.
If there be virtue in the confiscation bill, <{ the
property and effects" of the rebel leaders in the
seceded States will be swept into the Treasury,
including negroes held to service. If 1 am right
in this conclusion, there is no necessity for an ab-
olition act. The law will hold as property and
effects all the objects which are regarded and
treated as such by the local law and custom of the
respective States. Why then should not negroes
fall under the terms of the act in the slave States?
Since the foundation of the Government slaves
have been seized in execution, sold, and the pro-
ceeds paid to the Government in cases where it
became necessary to collect revenue due the Uni-
ted States in slave Stales. Thousands of dollars
have been realized from this souiee, where sure-
ties became liable for the defalcation of princi-
pals. And we all know that an assignment in
any State of li property and effects" carries with
it all the property recognized as such by the local
law. So that on the plainest principles, and the
most favorable legal construction, we have pro-
vided for the seizure and sale of the rebel owner's
slaves in our confiscation act, and whenever the
act comes to be enforced m slaves States, the
judges of those States must give it the construc-
tion for which 1 contend.
Candor, however, requires me to say, that in
my judgment neither abolition nor confiscation,
in this sweeping, wholesale way, will amount to
much in the prosecution of the war, or the speedy
restoration of peace. Congress ought to confine
itself to voting men and money, and leavc~ihc
general management of the war in its details to
the President. Paper bullets, such as we issue
from this place, are the most inofFensive of weap-
ons, and abolition harangues are us impotent for
good as Quaker guns. Wc have no civil officers
to administer any laws on these subjects m the
States to which they are especially applicable, and
our experience thus far ought to teach us that we
must rely for success on our strong right arm.
In the present exigency, hard knocks are more
effective than hard words.
The moment that peace is restored law and
order will hike the place of military force, the
States resume their original place in the family of
States, and be restored to their original rights
and dignities. Nothing is surer than that their
State constitutions, and the laws enacted under
them, so far as they are consistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States, will again bo su-
preme within their respective limits. If they
tolerate slavery, it will again be in existence, and
by lawful warrautof authority. Ourpowerover
the subject will cease and determine with the oc-
casion which called it into existence. This cannot
be gainsayed if we are sincere in our professed
purpose to restore the Union and the authority of
the Constitution over the seceded States. All the
clamor about abolition, then, results in nothing,
unless the people, who alone have the power over
the subject, choose a different policy, or we
change the fundamental law of the land. The
political power of slavery has already been broken
beyond restoration, and in that respect this fear-
ful struggle will not have been barren of lesults.
But as a domestic institution in a sovereign State
loyal to our Constitution, it is beyond the reach
of our artillery, and cannot be permanently af-
fected by it. Public opinion in the respective
States, the supreme power in a free Government,
alone can control and restrain it.
It would, indeed, be extreme folly to wage so
momentous a struggle, involving so much of life
and treasure, if we did not hope thereby to restore
the Union and maintain the Constitution. Nearly
a hundred years of prosperity and peace have
elapsed since our patriot fathers laid broad and
deep the foundationsof the Republic, on the basis
of constitutional safeguards and restrictions, and
1 am for steadily adhering to the teachings of that
period, and.the obligations of that Constitution.
The insane notion that the Constitution was made
for peace, and can be trifled with in time of war,
is the most dangerous of political heresies, and
would involve us in all the horrors of anarchy and
military despotism. And to wage a fierce and un-
ending civil war in the interest, supposed or real,'
of the negro race, is against all my convictions of
right and duty, and I insist that the Government
has proposed no such folly to the people. If it
had, the people would have been slow to respond.
But strong in the faith and fixed in the assurance
that this is a white man's war for national exist-
ence, the people are prompt to sustain the Presi-
dent in his policy, and thus uphold the honor and
maintain the integrity of the Republic.
I iegret to see that a large portion of the sup-
ports s of Mr. Lincoln no longer give his Admin-
istration and policy a cordial support. Instead of
standing by the chief of their choice in his con-
servative and patriotic course, they run after the
false gods which abolition has setup,and prostrate
themselves before the Juggernaut of ne^ro wor-
ship. I counsel them to return to the true"faith, to
stand by the precepts of their much-lauded Chi-
cago platform, and be subject to the Constitution
in all its parts, to which many of them have sworn
obedience. In all I have said and done on these
exciting questions, it will be admitted by every
candid man that I am in the lme of safe prece-
dents, if our beloved Chief Magistrate is pursuing
the right path. Having unbounded confidence in
him and respect for his policy, I feel that I am
also in concert with the great body of the people,
who share with me that confidence and respect.
No man and no platform and no party can stand
a moment before the hot breath of an indignant
people in attempts to substitute the abolition pol-
icy and platform for that of Abraham Lincoln !
Thus, briefly, I have endeavored, without pas-
sion or prejudice, to set forth the reasons for the
faith which is in me. I have passed thatpenod
in my political career when the fitful gleam of a
passing notoriety can obscure my sense of duty,
or the fear of an unreasoning clamorcan deter me
from doing what I believe to be right. I only
desire the candid consideration of my fellow-citi-
zens to the weight and propriety of the conclu-
sions and judgments to which 1 have come after
earnest reflection and a sincere desire to discharge
my duty.
Since the vote was taken on the bill refened to
in these remarks, another measure has been in-
troduced looking to the punishment of the rebel
officials by taking from them their negroes, in ad-
dition to the penalties now prescribed by law for
treason. X his is Hmittd in its operation; pro-
poses to remove the negroes from this countiy, and
may be Regarded as free from many of the objec-
tions which I have urged against the original bill.
Its introduction at least shows that conservatism
is a power in this House as well as in the coun-
try. As a war measure, this may have some
merit, and I am willing to give it a fair and can-
did consideiation when it comes up for action.
Not having had an opportunity as yet to consider
it in detail, I reserve my opinion upon it until
then.  
CONFISCATION AND EMANCIPATION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. GrUKLEY,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration the hills to con
fiscatc the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels-
Mr. GURLEY said:
Mr. Speaker: In December last I brought into
this House a bill with the following title: u A bill
to confiscate the property of rebels, to liberate their
slaves, and to employ and colonize them." It was
at least the expression of my own views of the
subject of confiscation at that time; but I shall
heartily support billsofacorrespondingcharacter,
embracing similar objects, like those now before
us for consideration, although I should prefer to
see ingrafted upon one of them a provision for
the employment, pay, and protection, by compe-
tent agents, of liberated slaves upon confiscated
estates, when not required forservice in the Army;
also, one or two otheramendments, looking to the
indemnity of those who have been swindled by
southern repudiators. I proposed colonization
upon our own lands in the South for the present,
under the belief that it is more than doubtful
whether we can afford to lose from that section of
the country the labor of so many people, whose
industry is more valuable than silver or gold, in-
dependentof the fact that it isimpossible to trans-
port them for several years to a distant country.
But from the beginning confiscation, in some form,
I have regarded as a public and military necessity,
warranted also by the Constitution; and why
decisive action upon it has been so long delayed,
and why so great a variety of opinions should pre-
vail in reference to it, I am unable to understand.
For a period of more than one year the Gov-
ernment of the United States has been engaged
in a te'rrific struggle, involving its very existence,
and at a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars,
and at the sacrifice of tens of thousands of lives
of brave and loyal citizens. We have run, and are
still running, the risk of foreign intervention and
the utter subversion of our institutions; and yet,
in the light of all these facts, Congress is to-day
debating, with the skill and dexterity of a good
prosecuting attorney, the question whether it is
precisely, even to the breadth of a hair ^ in corre-
spondence with the Constitution to use, for pur-
poses of self-defense and other objects, the prop-
erty of those who would plunge a dagger into the
very vitals of the only great and free Republic
upon the earth. Sir, if this slothful action on
our part, amid such pressingnecessities and awful
perils, is not a sad spectacle, over which even
good angels might weep, what shall we say of it?
While the enemy has seized everything in the
South in the shape of property belonging to those
who uphold the Government; while they receive
the income from large estates in the North, and
use it for the purchase of powder and lead where-
with to shootuown ourfathers, brothers, andsons,
for no crime, but for the exercise of one of the
highest virtues accorded to individuals and na-
tions; while they even draw in rents and interest
from this District of Columbia, the seat of our
national capital, more than ten thousand dollars
per month, which they use to secure our de-
struction, we gravely debate from week to week
whether wc shall not, by confiscation infringe,
peihups, to the extent of a shade or shadow, that
great organic law which the united energies of
cloven great States aie now directed to overthrow.
Sir, the question is often scuously asked, I have
no doubt, by our countrymen, ate these members
of Congress acting the part of patriots and states-
men, of men who will save the best Government
in the vvoild at all hazards, orarc they playing the
part of some village lawyer who can see nothing
higher than a mathematical conformity to law pre-
