1754:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS IN THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER stated that the next resolution
in order was one instructing the Committee of
Elections to inquire whether a member can retain
his seat in this House and hold a commission in
the Army at the same time.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUTCHI3NS moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A resolution directing the Clerk to procure for
each member of this House not heretofore sup-
plied one copy of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix.
Mr. COLFAX. The adoption of that resolu-
tion will involve a large expenditure of money,
and I therefore move that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
DEBTS OF MEXICO.
A resolution requesting the President of the
United States to inform the House, if not incom-
patible with the public interests, whether any offer
has been made by the Executive to the allied
Powers of Europe, or any of them, to assume the
public debt of Mexico; also, whether any offer
has been made by the Executive to Great Britain,
or any other Power, of the free navigation of the
Mississippi, limited or unlimited.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION.
A resolution instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to report back to the House the bill (li.
R. No. 126) for the confiscation of ail property of
rebels, their aiders and abettors, and for the liber-
ation of their slaves, with a section enjoining upon
the commander-in-chief of the Army'and upon all
naval officers the seizure of all enemy's property
made liable to capture by said bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. One part of that resolution
has been acted on, and a bill covering the other
partis now before the House as unfinished busi-
ness; and I therefore move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to. -
MILITARY TRIALS.
A resolution instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to report back the bill (H. R. No. 119)
to subject certain persons to military trial and
punishment, and for other purposes.
Mr. ALDRICH. I trust that resolution will be
adopted by the House. If it had been passed
some time ago, wc would not have enjoyed the
discussion which has occupied most of this day.
There would have been no necessity for any such
discussion.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will say,
for one member, Mr. Speaker, that instead of en-
joying the discussion which has taken place in
this House to-day, on this subject, we have been
thoroughly disgusted with it. In my judgment,
this quarreling m relation to our generals now in
service is equally distasteful to the feelings of the
House and the feelings of the country. Attacks
upon any officer now in the field, in the service of
the country, are distasteful to them, whether they
be upon McClellan or upon Fremont. I beg leave
tu say, sir, that, at this time, the country has more
important duties than to give itself up to discus-
sions of these merely personal matters. There is,
it seems to me, only one analogy in history which
illustrates the condition of this House, and that is
the instance of the Roman emperor, Nero, who
amused himself with fiddling while Rome was
burning.
Mr. COLFAX. I agree with nearly everything
the gentleman from Massachusetts has said-, but
there is something which ought to be said in ad-
dition. No friend of General Fremont has ever
opened his mouth tn speak of him upon this floor
except in his defense. Not a word, sir, was said
in his defense even, until the gentleman from Mis-
souri attacked him. I believe, just as much as the
gentleman, and the friends of General Fremont
believe, that it is the duty of usail to stand by the
country, and to forget men.
Mr. COX. I make the point of order that this
discussion is irrelevant, and therefore out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the consent
of the House simply to correct a misstatement
made by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object. If we are to have
a trial, I want a fair trial.
Mr. ALDRICH. The pending resolution was
introduced for the purpose of bringing the bill to
which itrefers before the House, and it seems tome
it is time that the House should adopt some such
thatmeasure. It has no reference to this general or
to that general, to this man or to that man. It pro-
poses to apply to those men who swindle this Gov-
ernment the rigors of military law. I know my
friend from Massachusetts is an honest man, and
I am convinced that he will vote for it. I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted*, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. F. A. C0NKL1NG,
(at five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 22, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Massachusetts, praying for
the adoption of the principle of taxation suggested
in a letter from E. B. Bigelow to Hon. Tiiaddeus
Stevens,entitled" Internal taxation simplified
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying that the Republic of Li-
beria may be recognized and treated with as an
independent nation; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of E. B.
Chamberlain, one of the heirs of Joshua Cham-
berlain, praying compensation for services ren-
dered dining the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying for the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the abolition of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Mayor,
Common Council, and citizens of Poughkeepsie,
New York, praying for the establishment of a na-
tional armory at that place; which was referred
to the select committee on the subject of a national
armory and foundcry.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying for the passage of a
general bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print ad-
ditional copics of the report of the select commit-
tee to inquire into the circumstances attending the
surrender of tho navy-yard at Pensacola and the
destruction of the propei ty of the United States
at the navy-yard at Norfolk, and at the armory
at Harper's Ferry, &c., reported the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand exu.i copies of tlx- icpott
of the selcct committee foi investigating the fru-N lelatiw
to the lodss of the IVoiloik navy-yard, (l.uper'-J Fersy anri-
oiy, and the Pensacola navy-\ard, be printed; without the
documents, for the use of the '{Senate.
Mr. CLARK, from the select committee ap-
pointed to investigate the truth of certain charges
against Hon. Benjamin Stark, a Senator from
the State of Oregon, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of James G. Clarke, praying compensation for his
services as charge d'affaires of the United States
to Belgium, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the potiihm of David Ogden and others,
on the files of the Senate, he refened to the Committee on
Commeice.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Oidcred, That Thomas Henderson have leave to with-
draw fiom the files of the Senate his petition and papers.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
280) to amend an act entitled " An act to amend
'An act to ascertain and settle piivate land claims
in California,' "passed June 14,1860; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etherjdge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 106) to author-
ize the district court of the United States for the
northern district of California to hear and determ-
ine upon its merits the claim of Pedro Chaboya
to a certain tract of land in California, called La
Posa San Juan Bautista.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 369) for the relief of Robert
M. Evans; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 67) to supply the Smithsonian
Institution with volumes of Wilkes's Exploring
Expedition; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 369) for the relief of Robert M. Evans, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
GENERAL THOMAS TV. SHERMAN.
Mr. ANTHONY. I oiFer the following reso-
lution, and if there be no objection, ask for its
present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interest, copies of all orders, dispatches,
and communications made by the War Department or by
the major general commanding the aimies of the United
States, to Brigadier General Thomas VV. Sherman while in
command of the military expedition to the South Atlantic
coast, and all communications made by General Sherman
during the same period to the War Department and to the
commanding general.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr, President, I have pro-
posed this resolution in justice to a gallant and
meritorious officer, whose reputation is dear to
many of my constituents, who has rendered the
country important services, which, I doubt not, are
fully appreciated by the President and the War
Department, but which, from unfortunate circum-
stances, are liable to be overlooked in the public
apprehension. I detract nothing from any other
officer. I am sure that I only anticipate the re-
port of the general commanding the department
when 1 say that the fall of Fort Pulaski was owing
not more to the. vigor and conduct of the attack
! than to the long, thorough, and complete prepa-
i ration of General Sherman, who planned what it
j: was left for others to execute. I desire that this
], fact,which is already understood and appreciated
|! by the Government and the Army, should be made
j! known by uutht ntir proofs to the public. Ithap-
( pened that General Sherman was leheved from
|; hi s command, i>y the arrival of an officer of higher
j, rank, at a time when, all his preparations com-
h plet>'. a!! the obstacles overcome, ho was about
1 to open upon the fort that terrible fire beneath
