1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
which its guns were dismounted and its walls
crumbled to powder. In the popular mind it is
natural not only that this important.success should
be credited exclusively to those who participated
in its final achievement, but that it should be in
some degree connected with the change of gen-
orals. Nothing could be more unjust to General
Sherman, and nothing, I am sure, could be less
acceptable to the gallant officer who has succeeded
to his command and to all his plans and prepara-
tions.
I am confident that it will appear from the cor-
respondence for which this resolution calls that
General Sherman has given full satisfaction to the
President and to the Secretary of War; that he
has accomplished all that he was sent out to do,
all that he was at any time expected to do, all that
he was permitted to do; and that he has done it
all well; and that, if his valuable and important
services were not crowned with the brilliant and
conspicuous achievement which he especially de-
sired—the capture of Savannah—it was only be-
cause in the superior councils it was deemed best
for the public interest not to permit him to do it,
and he was forbidden to carry out the plans which
he had fully formed and partly executed, and
which could not have failed.
I shall not, I trust, be chargcd with a disposi-
tion to blame any one. My purpose is to vindi-
cate, not to accuse. I have no sympathy with
that temper which seeks to create distrust and
dissension among the gallant officers who arc lead-
ing our armies, or to animate them to any other
feeling than the patriotic impulses and generous
rivalry which urge them forward, all in the same
great cause, all to the same glorious result. I
hope the resolution may be adopted, and that the
President may not find it incompatible with the
public interest to furnish the information asked
for.
The resolution was adopted.
IIAYTI AND LIBERIA.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate now to be
good enough to take up a bill, not to act on it
now, but to make it the order of the day at half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow. It is Senate bill
No. 184, to authorize the President of the United
States to appoint diplomatic representatives to the
republics of Hayti and Liberia respectively.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was read a second time, and its further
consideration postponed to and made the special
order for to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. LATHAM submitted a number ofamend-
ments which he intends to propose to the bill (H.
R. No. 260) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1863; which were received informally,
and ordered to be printed.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to take up House
bill No. 269, to establish a Department of Agri-
culture.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. I think that ought
not to be taken up in the morning hour.' It is an
important bill, and I should rather the Senator
would make it an order for some other time. I,
for one, am opposed to the whole of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do you want to make a
speech on it ?
Mr. HALE. I should like to take some other
time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like to accommo-
date the Senator; but we may make some progress
with the bill now.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill was taken up the
other day,and proceeded with partly. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island made some remarks in-
troducing it. The Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Wright] also made an elaborate address on the
subject. It seems to me that the Senate is already
occupied with the matter. It was under consid-
eration in the morning hour, and I think upon
the whole we had better proceed with it now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Wright, to stuke out all
of the original bill after the enacting clause, and
insert as a substitute:
That tlieie is hereby established at the seat of Govern-
ment of the United States a Department of Agriculture,
the genetal designs and duties of which •shall he to acquire
and to diffuse among the people of the United States useful
information on subjects connected with agriculture in the
most general and comprehensive sense ot' that word, and
to procure, propagate, and distribute among the people new
and valuable seeds and plants.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed "by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, a " Commissioner of Agncultuie," who
shall be the chief executive officer of the Department of
Agriculture, who shall hold his office by a tenuie similar to
that of otiier civil otficeis appointed by the President, and
who shall receive for his compensation a salary of $5,000
pur annum.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That there shall be in
the said Department of Aguculture four chiefs! or heads of
bureaus, who shall be appointed by the Piesident ot the
United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate thereof; and the titles of the said bureaus shall he as
follows: 1. Bureau of the Science and Practice of Agri-
culture. 2. Bureau of Natural History connected with Ag-
riculture. 3. Buteau of Agricultural Chemistry. A. Bu-
reau of Agricultural Mechanics, Manufactures, Commerce,
and Statistics. And the several subjects herein assigned
to the said bureaus in the titles thereof shall be under the
special carp and management of the chief* of said bureaus,
subject always to the regulations that may be issued from
time to time by the Secretaiy for the said Department, and
to such laws as may establish and regulate the duties to be
performed by the chiefs of said bureaus
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of Agriculture to acquit c and pie-
serve m his Department all infoimatton concerning agri-
culture which he can obtain by means of books and coire-
spondence, and by practical and scientific experiments
(accurate records of which experiments shall be kept in his
office,) by the collection of statistics, and by any other ap-
propriate means within ins power; to collect, as he may be
able, new and valuable seeds and plants; to te^t, by culti-
vation and acclimatization, the value of such of them as
may require such tests; to piopag.uesuch as may be worthy
of propagation, and to distribute them among agriculturists,
lie shall annually make a genetal report in wutmg to the
Congress of the United States, which repott shall- contain :
Fust. The transactions of the several bureaus of the De-
partment. Second. An account ot the conditions and prog-
ress of agucultuie throughout the United States. Third.
Original e^aj s on pi actical agriculture and cognate branch-
es ot induct y. Foui th. A statement of receipts and disburse-
ments of the moneys appropriated lor the Department. He
shall also make special icpotison particulai subjects when-
ever required to do so by Congress or when he shall think
the subject m his ehaige requites it. lie shall receive and
have charge of ail the piopeity now in the agrieultuia! di-
vision of the Patent Otliee, m the Depaitmeut of the Inte-
rim, and shall annually make additions, by purchase or
othenvise, to the lihiary and other pioperty, or apparatus
requeue to consummate in a proper manner the intentions
of this act. He shall direct and superintend the expendi-
ture of all money appiopri.ued by Congress to the Depart-
ment, and tender account1! thcteof, and aho of all ntoiioj
heietotore appropuated tor agricultuie and remaining un-
expended. He shall have authority to send and leceive
through the mail*, tiee of ehaige, all communications and
other matter pertaining to the business of his Department
not exceeding in weight thirty-two ounces m any one pack-
age oi parcel.
Sec. 5. And he it fwither enacted, That the Coniimpsionei
of Aguculture shall appoint such other employes as Con-
gtess may lrom time to time piovide, with sahuies corre-
sponding to the salaries of sinnlai othcers in other Depart-
ments ot the Government.
Src. 6. And be it farther enacted, That this act shall take
and be in effect fiom and after the 1st day ot July, 1662.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to make a
single remark upon the provisions of that amend-
ment. It was referred to the committee as a sep-
arate bill, and by them fully considered. I am
not going to controvert any of the positions stated
by the Senator from Indiana. I believe I approve
them all. But his amendment calls for the ex-
penditure of a larger amount of money, we think,
than the bill we reported. The committee did not
think we were just now in a situation to make
that outlay. The bill calls for no appropriation
whatever, and we reported it principally for that
reason. This substitute sets up two or three col- i
leges inside of this Agricultural Department. We j
thought we could wait a little while before we j
put them in. j
Mr. HALE. If this bill of the Senator from j
Indiana is to be adopted as a substitute, I want j
to propose one or two amendments to it first. In j
the first place, in the third section, I want to strike j
out " four'5 and insert "three," to begin with. ,
It now reads: !
That theie ^hal! he in the said Department of Agriculture j
four chiefs oi heads of bureaus, to be appointed by the Pres- j
ident. |
The head of the bureau that I propose to strike f
out, is to be found in the tenth line of the same
section. If the word " four" is stricken out, and
" three" inserted, I shall again propose to amend
by sinking out" the liuteau of Agricultural Che m-
; istry," because it strikes me that when there is a
" Bureau of the Science and Practice of Agricul-
ture," "agricultural chemistry" most naturally
comes under the head of the science of agriculture.
I move that amendment, in the second line of the
third section, after the word " agriculture," to
strike out " four," and insert " three;" so that it
will read:
That there shall be in the said Department of Agriculture
three chiefs or heads of bureaus, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In the tenth line of that section
I move to strike out the words "Three. Bureau
of Agricultural Chemistry:" and in line eleven to
change " four" to " three."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Oil the next page, in the fourth
section, I move to strike out the nineteenth and
twentieth lines, as follows:
Third. Onginal essays on practical agriculture and cog-
nate branches of industry.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no further
amendment be offered to the substitute, the ques-
tion is on striking out all after the enacting clause
of the original bill and inserting that which has been
offered by the Senator from Indiana,as amended.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Hale, Henderson, Lane of In-
diana, Latham, McDougall, Nesmith, SauUbury, Stark,
Willey, Wilson ot Missouri, and Wright—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessonrfen,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Howe, King, Moirill, Powell, Sher-
man, Simmons, Sumner, Thomson, Wade, and Wilkin-
son—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the bill, by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause and inserting
the bill which I offered to the Senate some days
ago, and which was referred to the committee, with
very slight exceptions. I propose merely to amend
that bill, which is Senate bill No. 269 as it stands,
by inserting the word " except," after the word
" furnished," in the eighth line of the fourth sec-
tion; and in the fifth line of the fifth section, after
the word " the," before the word " agricultural,"
to insert " Census Office andand after the word
"papers," in the seventh line of the same sec-
tion, before the word " belonging," to insert the
words " and property."
The PRES I DENT 737-0 tempore. The Senator
offers it as an amendment, with such modifications
as he chooses to make. The Senator from Con-
necticut now moves to amend this bill, by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause and inserting
as follows 
Mr. FOSTER. I will not ask for the reading,
unless it should be asked by some member of the
Senate.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to have it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the right
of every member to have it read.
The Secretary read the substitute, as follows:
That there shall be cieated in the Department of the In-
terior a Bureau of Agriculture and Statistics, the object of
which shall be to promote the mteiests ot agriculture, com-
meice, and manulaetuies, the chief executive officer of
which shall be denominated u Commissioner of Agriculture
and Statistics." who shall be appointed by the President,
with the advice and consentofthe Senate, and shall receive
an annual compensation of $3.1)00.
Sec. 2. And be it farther cnacted, That it shall be the
duty of the said Commissioner, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, to procurc and distribute new and
valuable"varieties of seeds, grains, and plants, and to pro-
cuie. from the best souices, such mfoiniation as will be
most valuable in relation to the mode of cultivation, reno-
vation. and drainage of the soil; also, concerning the do-
mestic and foieign trade of the United States, their manu-
factures, internal unpiovements, bank", and currency, and
such other subjects as may be adapted to illustrate the con-
dition and progress of the aguculture, manufactures, trade,
population, and other material intete-ts of the country.
The said Commissioner shall annually make a report to
Congress, prior to the 1st day of January 111 each year, of
the operations of the bureau, and of statistics obtained.
Sec. 3. And be it Jurther enacted, That the said bureau
shall be charged with the duty of taking the decennial cen-
sus. according to the law of May 23. ISoO, and acts supple-
mentary thereto, and shall make timely and suitable pro-
vision therefor.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the Commissioner
shall procuu; a seal with a suitable device, and copies of
books, statements, or lecoids with the signature of the
Commissionei and seal affixed, shall be competent evidence
in all cases whete the onginal tecords would be evidence.
The CommisMonet shall ehaige a reasonable compensa-
tion, not to exceed the rate of charges established by the
Patent Ofiieo for all information or copies furnished, ex-
