1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
which may have prevented any candidate from getting a
sufficient number of votes to entitle him to the seat. Tlify
coiiMdfci that it is only required of them to ascertain who
had the gieatcst number ol legal vote actually given at the
election. An election is the act of selecting, on the p.ait of
the electors, a person lor au ofhee of trust."
Sir, there is the law of my case clearly settled.
In the case from which I have- quoted, the elec-
tion was contested upon the ground of intimida-
tion of a number of voters, and the case decides
that, notwithstanding the intimidation, the party
who got the highest number of votes, not being
in fault, ought not to be deprived of his seat. The
committee said, and the House said, that no mat-
ter what the intimidation was, or what the num-
ber of voters kept off was, the highest number of
votes could alone be considered or decide the re-
sult. Again:
"The law appoints a particular time and place for the op-
pression of tiic public voice j when that tune is past, it is
too late to inquue who did not vote, or the reasons why.
The only question now to be deteimined is, for whom the
greatestnumberof the legal votes have been given."
That case entirely and completely meets the ease
which is now before the House. It shows that
uniformly the committee of this House,and the
House itself, have discarded all considerations,
where no fraud was alleged, and confined them-
selves to the ascertainment of one particular fact,
and that fact is, who had the greatest number of
votesat the election, whether few or many.
I will now show to the House that, according
to the laws of Virginia, this case about the paucity
of votes is plainly settled, and that according to
that law I am legally elected by the twenty-live
votes I received. Now, if I can show that I was
legally elccted, I care not whether if was by
twenty-five votes or twenty-five thousand,! am
entitled to the seat. In the Code of Virginia,
page 88, section three, is found the following pro-
vision:
" The officers conducting the election at the com t-hou>e=?
of the several counties shall meet at The couit-house of the
county or corporation first named m the l.uv do.-cjibmg
such distnct on a certain day after that appointed by law
for the commencement of such election, on winch ceitain
day" * * x "they shall compato the lettniib
from then respective counties, and shall declrue elected
the person having the greatest number oi votes in the whole
district."
Such is the law of Virginia, which makes it ob-
ligatory upon the election officers to declare the per-
son elected who has the greatest number of votes,
and leaves to those officers no discretion what-
ever. The greatest number of votes given—that
is the rule, and the only rule—not a majority of
all the votes of the district.
Now, sir, to come to the conclusion. Having,
at this election, the legality of which the gontle-
nian himself does not deny, been legally elected
' to Congress, and legally returned, having received
the highest number of votes cast, I think that I
can claim the right, notwithstanding the adverse
report of the committee, to occupy a scat upon
this floor; and I have clearly shown, I think, that
my claim is supported not only by the plain laws
and uniform decisions in my own State, but by
the uniform decisions of this House itself.
But, there is another important point involved
in this matter. I hold that the twenty-five legal
loyal voters who did me the honor to vote for me
to represent their district, are to be put against
twenty-live hundred or twenty-five thousand dis-
loyal men in the same district. I claim that loyal
men, however few, ought to outweigh disloyal
men, however many. I hold that the loyal citizens
in Virginia arc alone the people of Virginia. I
would like the gentleman from Massachusetts or
any other gentleman to controvert that proposi-
tion. I maintain that the twenty-live loyal men
who marched up and voted for me are of more
political consequence than the whole of the rest of
the district, if dislo}'al. They are the legal voters
of that district, and upon that ground I have re-
ceived all of the legal votes in my district. This
House has already recognized that principle.
Upon whatotherground can the House base its
recognition of the Wheeling go\eujim.'iit? Upon
what other ground than that have the Senate ad-
mitted two Senators from that Wheeling govern-
ment, and this House admitted four members here
to seats upon this floor? Upon what principle
has that been done except that the loyal people ot
Virginia are the State of Virginia? If th* loyal
people of Virginia are the State of Virginia, al-
though only aboutone seventh oftheir whole num-
ber, I would like to knowjwhy the twenty-five loyal
men who voted for mt Pmy district are not to be
counted as the whole district? The chairman of
the Committee of Elections reported that Mr.
Clements only received two thousand out of six
thousand votes in Tennessee, and yet accorded
him the right to hold a seat upon this floor from
the State of Tennessee. That can only be justi-
fied upon theprinciplc that the loyal people of Ten-
nessee arc the State of Tennessee.* This argu-
ment seems to me entirely conclusive of my right
to a seat in this body.
My friend from Virginia, [Mr. Blair.,] whom
I just see beside me, his smiling face recalls an-
other point to my recollection which I was omit-
ting. I ask the attention of the House to it, and
especially of all the members of the committee.
The point is this: there sits my friend from the
Harrison district of Virginia. He was elected on
the same day, under -the same proclamation of
Governor Picrpont, under the same ordiwance of
the Virginia convention; and yet on the first day
of the session he was allowed to go quietly up to
the Speaker's desk and be sworn in as a member
of this House, while I have been kept waiting
for nearly two months and a half, and am still
out of the seat. Now, as my title to a seat
here is precisely like that of my colleague, I put
it to the justice and the consistency of the House
how it is that my colleague, bringing no better re-
turn of an election than myself—why it is that he
is allowed to hold a scat here unmolested or unques-
tioned, while I am excluded ? If the election un-
der which I claim my right to a seat was uncon-
stitutionally ordered, then so it is with the election
under which he claims; for the convention ordered
theelectionsin both instances, and they were held
upon the same day. Then the conclusion is inev-
itable: either both were legally elected or neither;
and that if he remains, I shall be placed beside
lum.
I know thatthcreisagreatdemand foradiicrence
to technicalities. We^must give notice, notice !
Wc are asked to control our action by trivial im-
materialities. Have the confederate States pursued
any such strict or sctupulous course? JNTo, sir.
They have cast stickling casuists and quibbling
technicalities aside. They haveadmitted members
absolutely from Union districts in Kentucky—
districts which are still m the Union and now
bravely battling for the stars and stripes. They
have admitted two Senatois from Kentucky and
two from Missouri. While they are exercising
this laxity, taking almost everybody who wants
to go into their Congress, and thus to strengthen
the rebellion, we aie this day told that, though
the Government is fighting for its very existence,
we must be bound by miserable technicalities, and
thus embarrass and weaken and paralyze our le-
gislation.
Another point, Mr. Speaker, and I will con-
clude. A member of the Committee of Elections
some days since put an inquiry to mo whicl^ is
almost substantially embraced in the latter portion
of the report. He put this inquiry to me, and I
mean to answer it. lie asked me why wedid not
put down the rebellion in my section of the State,
so that the people generally of the district could
march un to the polls and cast their votes for a
member of Congress5 Why did we not put down
the rebellion5 Why did not the Government it-
self put it down ? Can any one man, or any few
men, put down this enormous rebellion? 1 forone
dt It ast have done all that one Man could do. I
have fought hard against secession and suffered
from itenongh, God knows.
I will ask the gentleman why did not James
Buchanan,president of the United States, use all
the power which this Government gave him to
crush this rebellion before it assumed its present
enormous propoitions? Why did he sit idly by
when he ought to have done as General Jackson
did; that is, send the Airny and Navy of^thc
United States to garrison the foits of the United
States, instead of permuting them to be seized by
the seceded States 5 Why did he permit his Sec-
retary of War to take the arms of the United
States, by hundreds and thousands, from northern
arsenals and armories, and send them South ior
the purpose of warring against this Government?
Are my constituents to be. held responsible be-
cause President Buchanan did not, as Mr. Lincoln
has done, use the powers of the Government to
sec that the laws were faithfully executed? Are
my people to be held responsible for the neglects
and the treason of others? Because
"Treason, like a deadly blast,
Conae3 o'er the councils of the brave
To blast them in their hour of might,"
shall my constituents be held responsible? Are
they not to be allowed their rights; are they to go
unrepresented, and be regarded as mere ciphers
because others are traitors? I hope not. They
have done all they could do. They have done lit-
tle, it is true. Twenty-five of them went to the
polls and cast their votes. My constituents, I re-
peat, have done the best they could; and we are
told— •
11 Who does the best his circumstances allow,
Acts well, does nobly ; angels could no more."
Mr. Speaker, I have not made all the points I
intended to make; but I will notdetaintheHouse
much longer. I have brought a certificate here
according to the laws of Virginia, and which is
justified upon the very principle which controlled
the vote of the House in the case ofSh iel vs. Th uyer.
It remains to be seen whether the House will re-
verse its decision solemnly made in that case, or
place me by the side of Mr. Shiel. Consistency
requires either his expulsion or my admission.
Mr. Speaker, if this .House choose, let me be
driven from this Hall. If the House choose, let
there be added this to the many afflictions which
now bear me down. I am an exile from my home,
and that home the sweetest of homes. Separated
I have been from the wife of my bosom for eight
long months together—from the children of my
loins, and from the grandchildren whose innocent
prattle while they twined their tiny arms around
grandfather's neck, made home as happy as home
could be—alienated from the friends of my youth
and my manhood—driven from my native land,
and calumniated and persecuted to bitterness—
this House may fill the cup of my affliction by
sending me from this Hall degraded. It may send
me back to my constituents to tell them ot their
degradation; that they have been spurned and de-
rided; that they have been denied the right of
representation, when they are liable to be taxed
by the laws already passed by this Congress, or
that may be passed hereafter. I say you may do
all this; you may do with me what you choose;
you may degrade me twice and thrice again; but
there is one" thing you can never do. I repeat,
there is one thing that neitherthis House nor any
human power can ever do; you can never extin-
guish in this bosom that ardent love for the Union
which has burned there from boyhood's hour to
the present moment, and which will burn there as
long as I linger on this side the grave. You may
banish me from thisfloor to-day, and I will mount
up to the dome of this temple of freedom, and
there, with the genius of Liberty on the one side
and the genius of Union on the other, we will ring
outin the loudest accent wecan send up to heaven,
"Liberty and Union!" " Liberty and Union!"
" Libei ty and Union, now and forever!" u Now
and forever"' " One and inseparable !"
Air. NOELL. I propose to submit afew brief
remaiks upon the legal questions involved in this
case. ♦
Upon an examination of the report of the com-
mittee, 1 find that they decide this case upon three
grounds: first, want of power in this convention
to prescube the time and place of election; sec-
ond, that there was no writ of election issued
and no notice given; and, third, that the country
within the limits of this congressional district was
so occupied by a hostile force that the small vote
given could not be considered, in the eye of the
law, as a representation of the voice of the people
of this district. To those three points L propose
to confine my remarks. In the first place, I pro-
i pose to call the attention of the House to thatpro-
] -vision of the Constitution which relates to this
i question. It is found in the fourth section, first
: article, and reads as follows:
' i T!i  time* and piao^ and tho manner of holding tlec-
ij tion^ I'm Senators and Repie^cniatives shall be pieacnbed
j in each State by the Legislature thc-ieof."
J I understand the committee to have come to the
i| conclusion ihatthe term "legislature," as used m
\\ this clause of the Constitution, refers exclusively
i| to the ordinary Legislature of a State. _ It is my
!! opinion, Mr. Speaker, that this construction of thus
:i clause of the Constitution is utterly fallacious. In
'I order to determine what the Constitution means,
! when the term44 legislature " is used in this provis-
