734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ion, it is necessary for us to inquire what consti-
tutesalegislature. Itisany body ofmen selected by
the people, and which has the right to make laws.
What is a law? Blackstone says that a law js a
rule of action proscribed by some superior power,
which an inferior is bound* to obey. If that defi-
nition of thctorm 16 law" be correct, then anybody
of men selected by the people, which has the power
to prescribe a rule of action, is the law-making
power; and whether that body be organized for the
purpose of prescribing a general rule of action, or
a mere municipal regulation, makes no manner of
difference. And when the term " legislature" is
used in the Constitution, it means, and ctin only
mean,any constitutional law-makingpower which
may be organized by the people of a State.
A convention of the people of a State having au-
thority not only to make rules of action which are
binding upon the people of a State, but also au-
thority to destroy or build up the ordinary legis-
lative power of a State, is, within the meaning of
the Constitution, and according to the construc-
tion I give it, a legislature in the strict sense of the
term, both in the letter and spirit of that instrument.
It will be remarked that the Constitution of the
United States does not undeitake to define what
shall be the character of the law-making powers
of the States. Nowhere in the Constitution can a
letter or word be found by which that instrument
undertakes to limit or prescribe to the State gov-
ernments the character and forms of their legal
legislation. When a convention, selected by the
people of a State, meets, they have the right to
make not only organic laws which shall control
the action of the legislature created by the instru-
ment, which we call a constitution, but they have
the right to make Jaws diicctly bearing upon in-
dividuals; and, if the people of a State choose to
do so, they could dispense entirely with the ordi-
nary legislature, and this original, elementary con-
vention has the power and right to make all laws
governing them in their social and public and pri-
vate relations.
Considering the clause of the Constitution in
this light—and 1 think that is the proper con-
struction to be given to it—the men who framed
that instrument intended, as it was said in the
report of the committee in the Oregon contested-
election case, to intrust to any regularly consti-
tuted law-making power, whether a convention of
the people, or the ordinary legislature, the right
to prescribe the time and plaop of holding con-
gressional elections. The misapprehension upon
that point arises from the failure to consider tins
clause of the Constitution, with reference to the
elementary proposition that the Constitution does
not undertake to say that the General Assembly
of Virginia shall prescribe the time and place of
holding elections; that it does not undertake to
say that the Senate and House of Representatives
of Virginia shall perform that duty, but only de-
clares that the Legislature of Virginia shall do this
thing. And what is the Legislature of Virginia is
the only question we are called upon to inquire
into.
The convention of the people, then, held at
Wheeling, having the power to prescribe rules of
action, having the right not only to make laws,
but to create and destroy the ordinary legislative
power of a State, undertook to make an original
provision fixing the time and place of holding this
congressional election; and, according to the con-
struction I give to this clause of the Constitution,
that law is valid and binding upon the people of
Virginia and upon this Congress.
The next inquiry to which we arc to address
ourselves, then, is this: have the people of that
congressional district, and the authorities of the
provisional government of Viiginia,as established
by the Wheeling convention, complied with the
requirements of that ordinance ? It is necessary
for us to examine the phraseology of that ordi-
nance; and I shall call the attention of the House
to the peculiar language used in it with reference
to the election now under consideration, and to
another election ordered by the same ordinance.
The first section of that ordinance is as follows:
" In evety congressional distuet of the State where,from
any eau^e, an election of a Representative in the Congress
of the United Stares was not held on the fouith ThurVlav
in May la-st, (and in tiie eleventh district where a vacancy
now exists,) an eireuon fur t-xicii Ilepte&entauve shall be
held oa the louith Thursday in October next, which shall
he conducted, and the result asccitaiued, declared, and eei-
tified in the manner directed in the second edition of Hie
Code ot Vitginia,"
What is the meaning oLthat ordinance ? It de-
clares that in each congressional district in that
State where an election has not been held at the
time previously fixed by the laws of Virginia, and
in the eleventh district where a vacancy exists,
the election shall be held at a certain time and
place. Mark the distinction which the conven-
tion itself makes between the election in the con-
gressional district where a vacancy existed by the
election of Mr. Carlile to the Senate, and the
other congressional districts in the State where
the election was to take place as an original elec-
tion.
Mr. WORCESTER. I would ask the gentle-
man if the people of the first congressional district
of Virginia were ever represented in the Wheel-
ing convention at all?
Mr. NOELL. 1 am not informed on that point;
but I do not consider it material whether they*
were or were not ?
Mr. WORCESTER. I understand that they
were not.
Mr. NOELL. It was their misfortune, perhaps,
and not their fault. Now, sir, this ordinance was
adopted in the month of August, and in conform-
ity with that ordinance the Governor of the pro-
visional government of Virginia—already recog-
nized as a valid constitutional government by this
House, by the Senate, and by every department
of the Government—issued his proclamation for
the holding of an election at the time and places
indicated in this ordinance.
An objection has been made here that no writ
of election was issued, and that no notice was
given of the time and places of election. Now, 1
wish particularly to direct the attention of the
House to the principle involved m that matter.
The clausc of the statute of Virginia which has
been read by the distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Elections, refers only to special
elections to lill vacancies. The times nnd places
of holding such elections arc to be fixed by the
Governor, and consequently, the times and places
not being fixed by any law, notice is required, in
order that the people may be informed that such
an election is to occur, and at that time.
What is the principle involved? Everyman
in the Statu is presumed to know and to have no-
tice of all the public laws of that State, but when
you come to hold a special election at a time not
fixed by any public law, the presumption does
not exist, and hence the State of Virginia, and
nil other States, have required that, in such cases,
the Executive of the State shall issue his writ of
election, and that these ministerial officers shall
give these notices lor the reason that there is
nothing in the public laws of the State to notify
the people that they will be called upon to exer-
cise the privilege of voting at the time of the elec-
tion. When we come to consider the statute in
tins light, the whole objection falls to the ground.
What is the necessityof giving the people notice
of a fact of which they, in the contemplation of
law, have already notice? The proclamation of
the Governor was notice to all the world within
the limits where his jurisdiction extended. The
ordinance of convention adopted at Wheeling in
August became a part of the public organic law
(if the State, and was notice to eveiy man within
the State.
But, sir, the citizens of my State have had some
experience m these matters. I presume gentle-
men from the northern States do not so well
understand the necessity that devolves upon the
loyal citizens of some of the border States to reach
ends by means such as were resorted to m this
case; but we who come from Missouri have had
some experience in this matter. An attempt was
made by a secessionist Legislature and traitorous
Governor to take our State out of the Union, and
a convention was called for that express purpose.
That convention met in the spring of the year,
considered the question, and decided to remain
loyal to the Union. The same secession Legisla-
ture, called together by the traitorous Governor*
made an attempt to carry the State out of the
Union, in spite of the action of the convention.
They passed a bill,* known as Claib Jackson's
military bill, by winch they provided that persons
in the military service of the State should not take
the oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and made other provisions that would
( enable the Governor to use the whole military
1 power of the S'ate against the authority of the
United States. Our convention was still in exist-
ence, though not in session. It was convent by
its president, and met in the month of July. When
the convention met, it deposed the traitor Gov-
ernor, it deposed that Legislature, and it repealed
the military bill, and other odious measures that
had been adopted -by the secession Legislature.
Now, when the Legislature was thus deposed,
there was no other constitutionallegislativebody
existing in the State of Missouri except the con-
vention; and the convention went on to pass laws
precisely like an ordinary Legislature. It repealed
the military bill. Why? Because that bill was;
an obstacle in their way in accomplishing the ob-
ject for which they had assembled, and that was,
to retain Missouii in the Union as one of the
States of the Union. They set aside the traitorous
Governor and Legislature of the State; they set
aside that treasonable work, and went to work to
put Missouri in her proper and true position. It
is to that policy on the part of her convention that*
wc are indebted to the loyal position of Missouri
this day. So, when the convention met at Wheel-
ing, they found that public men at Richmond had
inaugurated the same system, had voted the State
of Virginia out of the Union, and were endeav-
oring to carry it out at the point of the bayonet.
It was necessary for the convention to organize*
some provisional govcrnmentloyal to the Union,
and that would remain in connection with this
Government, and carry out the purposes for
which the State became part of this great Con-
federacy. What did they do? They were not,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts says in his
report, called together there for the sole purpose
of organizing a provisional government. A State
exists only because it is a member of the Union,
and not outside of the Union. They were there
for another and a higher purpose, and that was to
organize a provisional government, and keep up
the connection between the State of Virginia and
this General Government of ours. That was the
objcct; and one of the instrumentalities necessary
to effect that object was, to bring about a connec-
tion between the Federal Government and that
provisional government, by being represented in
this House and in the Senate. They adopted
piopei and legitimate means to accomplish that
purpose. They provided, by an ordinance, for
the election of members of Congress. Something
is said in the report with regard to the omission
of the Legislature, though still in existence, to
provide for an election of members of Congress.
The provisional Legislature did not provide for it.
The convention, finding this omission, went on
and provided for it; and through that provision
the members now upon this floor from Virginia
obtained their seats here.
The next point in the case, Mr. Speaker, is the
fact that most of the counties in this congressional
district were occupied by hostile forces,and in con-
sequence thereof the great body of the people had
no opportunity to get to the polls. Now, I agree
with the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections that a great principle is involved
in this question, and I agree with him that it is
important that we should decide it rightly, be-
cause it will be meeting us hereafter. The prin-
ciple involved here lies at the foundation of our
Government; it is the principle upon which our
Government originated; thcright to representation
where men were taxed was the principle upon
which our Revolution was fought. The colonies
were taxed by the British Parliament, and were
denied the privilege of being represented in that
Parliament, and upon that great fundamental prin-
ciple our Government started out, and it has been
conducted upon that principle ever since; and, sir,
when you deny to the loyal men of a congres-
sional district in any State in this Union—be they
few or many—the puvilegc of having a voice upon
this floor to be heard upon public measures, and
particularly upon the tax bills which are to oper-
ate upon them, as well as upon all the rest of the
citizens of the United States, you strike down the
great fundamental principle for which our fathers
fought in the Revolution. I say that when you
undertake to deny them the privilege of being
heard on this floor, and do so on the ground that,
a portion of their territory being occupied by
hostile forces, they were unable to" go to the polls
j and hold an election, you stiike down that great
! fundamental principle.
i Let me tell the House, further, that if the Union
