236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
3^11 Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation and Emancipation—Mr. Gurley.
Ho. of Reps.
measures to speedily terminate this war under the
plea of constitutional scruples and extravagant
expenditures to carry ito.i ? Is a doubt about the
meaning of the Constitution to weigh against the
life of a nation, and be thrown into the scale against
the wide-spread sufferings of a loyal people?
I observe that some truly loyal southern gen-
tlemen upon this floor are in favor of confiscation,
while others are not. My friend from the Louis-
ville district, [Mr.mallory,] a veiy sound Union
man, is against it; and this is true of several mem-
bers callcd democratic-—gentlemen who are for a
vigorous prosecution of the war. But what shall
be said of those other conservative Democrats
who, in the very midst of this great struggle, de-
nounce, as did the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] the other day, the Administration
which is straining every nerve to maintain national
honor and national existence? Have they forgot-
ten that the very men who now control the con-
federate government and congress were their own
leaders in this House eighteen mouths ago? Why,
sir, the present speaker of the rebel congress was
the Democratic candidate for Speaker in our very
last Congress. He received every Demociatic
vote upon this floor, or nearly so. The rebel Pry-
ors, fiococks, Gurnetts, Crawfords, Wmslows,
Branches, Keitts, "extra Billy" Smiths,'and Bur-
netts, were the peculiar lights of Democracy in
this House, as everybody knows; and I have not
a doubt but to-day they are quite as much opposed
to the war thatour Administration is making upon
them, an are the peace Democrats upon this floor.
On this subject they seem to agree as well as they
did in former times, especially m their denuncia-
tions of the Republican party, which stepped in
to rescue the Government when a Democratic Ad-
ministration was about to hand it over to the rebels.
The speech referred to had precisely the same
ling about it, to my ears, as had the speeches of
the aforesaid leaders of Detnociacy, just before
they turned their backs upon the old Government.
But, sir, leaving this subject, go with me if you
please to Eastern Tennessee and witness the hor-
rible tortuies inflicted by those whose property
you refuse to confiscate lest their families should
suller. On this subject I ask attention to the nar-
rative of Parson Brownlow, as given in New York:
" In the county of Knox, whore I reside, nnd only soven
miles wo.*! of the town of Knoxville, they caught up Union
men, tied tin ai upon logs, elevated the !(>  upon blocksmx
ot ten inches hum iho mound, put the ukmi upon then
hieavb, I.Hiii; (lieu hands and leet iindej the log, Mripped
then backs emu eh bare, and then, with -witches, cut then
luck-- iiietully to pu oo, the blood lunnm^ down at evety
i-troke. They came into couit when u was m sc^ion and
when Ihe rase was stated, the judge replied, 'These ate
involution,try limes, and theie is no lemedv tor nn> tinny of
the kind " Hence, you see, our romcdy is in our own
hand:*; and, with the help ol guns and swonls and babeis
we miend, God willing, to slay them when we act back
there when va we hud them.
" In the jail \iliere f lay they wore accustomed to drive
up with ahorse and eait, with an ugly, lougli, Hat-topped
collin upon it, Muiounded by hi'teeu to lony men, with
bi'iftlnii' onetsj ,is a guuid to match m ihtough the gate
into the j.u! yai d, with steady, military tiead. We tmnhled
in oui boots, tor they never notified us who was to he
hunted, iiutl you may imagine how youi humble horvaut
lelt; lor it any man in that jail, mulct their law, deserved
the gallows, | c];iun to have been the man. I knew it, and
th<\\ km w it. > >
They e.trne sometime*, with Iwo cotfms, one on each
eart. and tin \ took tv\o men at a tune and matched them
out A pooi ojd in.in ot >i.\ty-/ivt; and ins f*oii of twentv-
live were mint In d out ar one tunc and hanged on the t-ame
fallow-. Thev made that poor old man, who \v:is n. Meth-
odist class leadei, >a by and see Jus M>n bang till he was
dc.id, and they calicd bun a damned faneoliute Union-
bhueker, and suul, • Come on, it h youi tuin next.' ile
Mink. but they piopped him up and led hnn to the halter,
and iwum; both oft on the same gallows. They came after
that, foi another man, and they took J. V. Haumout of jail
-—a young man ot fuie sense, good address, and ot excellent
ehaiaciei—a fall, spme-jnade man, leaving a wile at homo
wub too. <  nve huiplro children. My wife pa^ed the
Jann of Uauin 's. the other day, when they drove hei out of
1 ennc.ssee and sent hei on to New Jetse.v—1 thank them
kindly lot doing m>—and saw his wne plowing endeav-
oring to mi*- corn lor her Milium^ and Maivmg childien.
Uus is the .-pun of secession, gentlumen. And yet you
have a set of Uud-fotsiken, unpuneipled mett at the North
who rue apologizing forthein and bympatluzing with them.
" Hang.ng u going on all ovei Hast Tennt^ee. They
Miout them down in the field.**, they whip them, and as
stiange as it j.ia) M-em tojou, in the counties of Camp-
bell and Andeisou thev actual!) hteeiate u uh switches the
bodies of remain, wive* and daughters of the Union men
elevei, respectable women. They .show no Quarter to
male oj female; they rob theirhoiisea and then throw them
into pjison."
It has been tiuly stated that some of the rebels
have fired upon defenseless women and children;
they have poisoned wells and springs; they have
tempted hungry soldiers with food containing
arsenic; drinkingcupsthey madeofhumanskulls,
spurs of jaw bones, and finger joints they sent as
holiday presents to females as brutish as them-
selves. These, let me say to the gentlemen of the
conservative school, are the class of tormentors
and devils whose slaves and other property you
will not confiscate through fear of exasperating
the rebels or of an infringement of the Constitu-
tion, Have you more rcspcct and regard for a
doubtful construction of that instrument and ofthe
feelings of such rebels than for the lives and mis-
fortunes of your own countrymen ? Sir, a little ex-
perience in a fire of persecution like this is well
calculated to duve this sort of cold conservatism
out of a man; I hope and trust in God that no one
here will ever experience the bitter sorrows of
these poor Tennesseeans, but if they do, they will
certainly ever after see the Constitution in an en-
tirely new light.
But how far shall confiscation extend? Shall it
reach the slaves of disloyal masters? Why not?
Have they not been called property upon this floor
a thousand times—as much so as horses and cat-
tle ? Is it not true that they are sustaining the
rebellion by their labor and mechanical skill to an
extent that is impossible to estimate by figures?
Is it not true that the aggregate labor of two or
three millions of persons, who are simply passive
and obedient, is now being thrown into the scale
against the Government of Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison, and Adams?
I see not, sir, why property in slaves so called
should be regarded as more sacred in title than
houses, lands, gold, and silver. True, the man
who is called a slave bears the image of God;
there is upon him the moral impress of the Al-
mighty; it is generally believed, also, that he has
a soul or spirit that is immortal, and it is the com-
mon expectation that he will sit down in heaven
side by side with his master. But is it for this
that he must, amid all the changes and chances of
Government, of war and peace, irrevocably re-
main in servitude, while every other species of
property is taken from rebels ? Is it, then, true
that property in husbands, wives, and children is
so intensified in value that even hard coin may be
taken, but these never? 'By what rule, pray, of
justice, hSman or divine, or of law, shall we seize
the horses of rebels and pass by their slaves, when
one ot the latter is practically worth in this war
twenty (it the foi mcr ? But so jealous are we of the
legal rights ofthe loyal masters that we do not by
any bill propose to touch theirslaves. They stand
by the Constitution and laws; that is enough for
the Government to know; we must stand by and
protect them; and however much we may desire
it, we do not, at present, expect the freedom of
even that monarchical Government upon whose
shores it is said "slaves cannot breathe," nor
France, which long ago sundered the chains of
every bondman, nor yet despotic Russia, which
sets free twenty millions of serfs, and gives them
each a small farm to till. Standing as we do upon
the Constitution and the law, we do not permit
ourselves to even attempt such rapid strides of
progress and such majestic feats of advancing
civilization, although it would ill beconv} us to
close our eyes to the stern fact that had there been
no slavery in this country a million of men,
brothei s of a great nation, brotheisby blood and
marriage, brothers in language and in a common
destiny and interest, would not now be seen face
to face in arms and intent upon each other's de-
struction. Hud there been no rebel masters this
nation would never have been plunged into this
wicked war, and the sons, brothers, and fathers
of our people would not have been called to lay
down then* lives by thousands upon the battle-
field. it is on account of the crimes of the former
that streams of blood and treasure are flowing to
save our imperiled Government, and he who
would shield the institution of slavery in the con-
federate States at the sacrifice of thousands of
precious lives, and at the continued cost of widows'
and orphans' tears, if not a madman, has at least
no realizing sense of the great cause of the rebel-
lion which we seek to crush. If, sir, the institu-
tion ot slavery receives damage by this war we
are not responsible for it. Let those who com-
menced it charge it to themselves, where it be-
longs, and accept the natural consequences of
their folly. If it is swept out of existence in the
confederate States amid the clash of arms and the
upheaving of the fiery elements of rebellion, let
the men who fired the first gun at Fort Sumter
remember that this result is but the echo of that
gun which everywhere awoke the loyal people to
the defense of the Government against conspira-
tors,
Is it replied that we can make an end of this
war without resorting to confiscation r Suppose
we admit that we can. The real practical ques-
tion at issue is, not what twenty millions of peo-
ple may do, but whether we shall prolong this
war, sacrifice lives without number, pour out rivers
of blood and untold treasures, rather than seize
rebel property, including slaves, so as to speedily
close the contest, and in some degree indemnify
innocent sufferers. Besides, we have no right to
assume a single unnecessary risk where freedom
and the highest civilization ate in peril; we are
under the most solemn obligations, the highest
that can rest upon any people, to throw with the
least possible delay every weight within our reach
into the balance against the rebel power; and in-
decision as to the means to be used against it,
when we know what they are, indecision at a mo-
ment when Government, home, family, and prop-
erty are in jeopardy, is almost the equivalent of
Gnminality.
But there is another very important reason to
be given why the power of the enemy should be
speedily weakened by all the means at our com-
mand. There is at least some danger of foreign
intervention in our affairs, and of a recognition of
a southern confederacy. That the idea has been
seriously entertained by the English and French
Governments there can be no reasonable doubt;
and our last advices from Europe clearly indicate
the fact that the subject is still under consideration.
Some three months ago, as I was informed by an
agent sent out by our Government to Europe, the '
French Emperor seriously debated whether or not
he should favor southern recognition. One day
he had aboutresolved upon it, but on a subsequent
day concluded to wait for further developments.
Near this period, as our army was lying upon the
banks of the Potomac, as it had done for several
months, he sent for an American, long a resident
in Paris—a gentleman in whom he had great con-
fidence—and questioned him very closely as to
the raeaningof ourapparentinactivity. The truth
is, the delay of the army, however necessary it
may have been, to strike decisive blows against
the rebels, was, naturally enough, although er-
roneously, interpreted as an indication that we
had not the power or skill to crush them out; and
now, unless we close the contcst substantially
within a few months, which, however, I feel con-
fident we shall, we may look for foreign interfer-
ence in some form.
Thanks to our good and sagacious President
for dividing the army at the critical moment, and
ordering all the commanders to advance at once
against the enemy. This defeated southern recog-
nition, for the result was a succession of victories
in the West, which saved the Government from
so great a humiliation. Whereas we then had
one army, with a single commander, we have now
some eight separate divisions, with as many gen-
erals, ail emulating each other in the noble work
of lestonng everywhere the authority ofthe Gen-
eral Government. As I have said, the signal suc-
cess of our arms in the West that immediately
followed the action of the President, made recog-
nition impossible at that time. I will only add
that when, in January last, in my zeal for a more
vigorous prosecution of the war, I on this floor
advocated the division of the army that was after-
wards made by the Commander-in-Chief, my po-
sition on this subject was i idiculed by a colleague.
I said: " Divide the army among competent gen-
erals, widely separated, so as to bring out emula-
tion and enterprise, and give the spring to deeds
of daring and genuine chivalry;" but°I was an-
swered in a specch replete with derision and low
ridicule; too low, indeed, to merit a reply. In less
than thirty days from that time, however, the
theory I defended became, as we have seen, the
practical pehcy of the Government, and has re-
mained so to this day; and what is more, the
