1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
cept for legislative purposes or for the Depai tments of Gov-
ernment. , , „ ,
Sec. 5. And be it father cnacted, That there shall be
appointed a chief clerk off-aid bureau. with an annual sal-
aiy of ,*2,000, and such additional eleiks as may. m the
iudtrniunrof the sSeeretaiy ofthti Intouoi, be necessary, not
exceeding the number now employed in the Census Office
and agricultuial division of the Patent Office, with three
additional ones. All the book*, records, documents, and
other papers and propeity belonging to the agricultural
division of the Patent Office, shall be transferred to said
bureau, and all appropriations heretofore made for the ben-
efit of agriculture shall be expended by said bureau.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, this proposed
amendment or substitute to the bill of the House,
which is now under consideration, is much sim-
pler and less complex than the original, and it
seems to me will effect all the beneficial purposes
of that bill. Instead of making it an independent
Department of the Government, like the Depart-
ment of the Interior, or the War or the Navy De-
partment, it is made a bureau in the Department
of the Interior, not for the purpose certainly of
signifying that agriculture is not a most import-
ant interest; by no means. All agree that agri-
culture is the basis of our national prosperity, a
paramount interest; but it seems to me to be-
long peculiarly to the Derailment of the Inte-
rior, and is not at all diminished m ita import-
ance by being connected with that Depai tment,
rather than being made a separate, independent
Department of the Government. All that is de-
sirable to be done by the Department, if we call
it a Depai tment, may just as well be done by call-
ing it a bureau, and connecting it with the De-
partment of the Interior. I f we make )t a Depart-
ment, there will be a necessity foragreatei amount
of expenditure; for the head of the Depai tment
of Agriculture will naturally consider himself
somewhat slighted if he does not have a salary
equal in amount to that of the other heads of De-
partments, with a seat in the Cabinet; and there
will be, of course, a much greater number of
clerks m older to keep up the lank and dignity
of the position. This inciease of expense, and
of the number of employes, seems to me without
any corresponding advantage to the country. If,
after this experiment—for it will be an expnment
ill the outset—has been tiied, it i.sfound to be ne-
cessary to increase it, and make it a Department,
let that be doiie by and by, when the country i.s
more able than at present, and after this bureau
shall have grown mlo the proportions necessary
to make it a Dopaitment. For myself, I confess
that I would not have chosen this time to create
either a Bureau or a Depai tment of Agriculture.
We ure engaged m a struggle for national exist-
ence, and we need all our energies to he directed
to that object, and in ihatalone; nt least, I think
so; and i would not therefore have brought this
measure forward at this time myaelf, because I
think the time is not altogether appropriate As,
however, it is brought forward, it seems to me
that the bill winch i propose by way of amend-
ment, will effect ull that we should now attempt
mtfte advantageously than the bill before the
Senate.
Besides the feature in the hill before the Senate,
coming to us from the other branch, making this
a S'parate and independent Department, the bill
also makes u the duty of the head of the Depart-
ment to lepoit to the President, and the Depait-
menf is really not under the control of Congress
as much as I think it ought to he. I think it will
be far better if the report were made to Congiess
and the direction and immediate care of the bureau
belonged (o Congress rather than to the President.
I think we aie the moie appiopuafe tubunal to
refer the leports of this Depattment or bureau to
than the President. We make iheuppropuations,
and it is peculiai ly the i'Usun ss of Congress, as 1
think, Hist to eieate,and then to sustain and have
the control andjlirection of this buteau. In the
amendnn nt which 1 propose, it is made Hie duty
of the head of the tuneau to make his i eport an-
nually to Congi ess before the 1st of January.
In the amendment which I ha\e olfeied, 1 also
propose tuimug over the Census Bureau to this
Bureau of Agriculture, and to call it a Bureau of
Agi ieultui e and Statistics, for the collection of sta-
tistics is one moat important past of the duty of
this agricultural oranch ot the Government. In-
deed, ihe two are, as it seems to me, necessarily
connected. We do not want a fancy Bureau of
Agriculture. We want a Bureau of Agricultuie
based on facts and figures and experiments, and
the census will furnish to the agricultural depart- I
ment most important information, and they should |
be, as it seems to me, manifestly under one head |
and subject to one direction. That is a feature in
the amendment which I propose, distinguishing it
from the House bill. As it respects any other
features, they are not peculiarly different from the
bill reported by the committee which comes to us
from the House of Representatives. The amend-
ment which I propose will, at #11 events, cost as
little money, a pretty important consideration at
the present time, as the House bill. I think it will
call for no additional appropriation. The number
of additional clerks, besides those now employed
in the Census Office and in the agricultural branch
of the Patent Office, is restricted to three at the
most.
Mr.COLLAMER. How many clerks are there
in the Censue Office now ?
Mr. FOSTER. I have not the information.
Mr. COLLAMER. There have been about
sixty. I do not know how many there are there
now.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think there have been over
one hundred.
Mr. COLLAMER. There have been at some
times one hundred, and the last time I heard any-
thing about them there were sixty. You do not
propose that number here.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose to transfer the Cen-
sus Bureau to this.
Mr. COLLAMER. When the Census Bureau
has completed all its analyses and arrangements
of the past census, which may be in the course of
the year, the clerks will be dismissed.
Mr. FOSTER. This bill will not by any means
make it necessary to perpetuate those clerks in
the office.
Mr. COLLAMER. I meiely suggest that there
is no pi ovision there, as there should be, for trans-
ferring the papers of the Census Bureau to this
new bureau.
Mr. FOSTER. I believe there is.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a provision for
transferring the agricultural papers ovei, but not
the census pnpeis.
Mr. FOSTER. If so, it is an oversight in that
particular. I thought it was done by the amend-
ment which 1 pioposed, but possibly it may be
omitted. I certainly should wish to have that
addition made, to have all the papers connected
with the Census Buteau transferred with the bu-
reau to the Agricultural Bureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can so modify his amendment.
Mi. FOS l'ER. In leply to the suggestion of
the Senator from Vermont in regard to the num-
ber of clerks now in the Census Office, I had sup-
posed that the present law under which those
eleiks are employed, and by winch they may be
dismissed, will continue in force a$ well after the
transfer as before; and that if there were any pio-
vision made by law for dtschaiging them when
the necessity for theiremployment has ceased,or
if any discretion were given to the Secretary or
Superintendent, that would still continue,and they
would be discharged m the same way.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman probably
will have to amend his proposition somewhat. It
stakes me favorably. In transferring the Census
Bureau, it should be transferred with itsSupenn-
tendent, because that business should be finished
under the same superintendence under which it
has been carried on.
Mr. FOSTER. I should certainly hope that
would be the case, and 1 did not, m drawing up
my proposition, contemplate his removal. If the
effectof it should be to change him, I should want
to have it amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. Would it not be sufficient
in relation to clerks to say that the Secretary of
the Interior should transfer to this bureau from
those now in the Census Office and those now in
the agricultural division, clerks sufficient to an-
swer the put pose, without making provision for
any new ones?
Mr. FOSTER. That would, perhaps, be the
moie simple and piopei mode of elTecting the pur-
pose. I certainly shall accept the suggestion, and
have the amendment modified m that manner. I
trust that if it is deemed advisable to act on the
subject, my amendment may be adopted; for, as
I believe, it will accomplish all that at the present
time we can reasonably expect to accomplish.
The amendment will need some little modifica-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Connecticut that he
take Ins amendment and modify it in accordance
with his own purpose and wish.
Mr. FOSTER. The suggestions of the Sen-
ator trom Vermont arc certainly very judicious,
and I am prepared to adopt thefn at ence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will modify Ins amendment in accordance with
the suggestions of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps there is hardly
time to do that here now. I suppose we are not
expected to dispose of the subject this morning.
Mr. FOSTER. I should hope not.
Mr. SIMMONS. While the Senator from Con-
necticut is preparing his modifications, 1 will say
a word on this subject. As I stated the other day
in the few remarks I made, the agriculturists have
been petitioning Congress about ten or fifteen
years to lecogtnze their peculiai interest, by mak-
ing a Department of Agriculture. The committee
were entirely willing to gratify them in that, pro-
vided it did not cost any money. We were unani-
mous about that. 1 believe there are about eight
or nine or ten clerks now in the agricultural de-
partment under the Patent Office, and here is a
proposition to ovei lay it with the Census Bureau.
It will be nothing but a Census Bureau when that
is done. The agriculturists would like to have
it kept separate, and recognized as a part of the
business of the country. That, I believe, is about
all they want. We have voted upon one prop-
osition to enlarge it still more. This proposition
of the Senator fiom Connecticut will carry it into
a much larger sphere than the bill proposes: it in
fact makes it a Census Bureau. I have no objec-
tion to having the census taken every five years,
if the Senator wants it, if it can be done without
expense. 1 pretend to represent the farmers a
little once in a while, and I should like to have
them guuified. I hope the amendment will be
rejected. I could pick out a hundied places in it
wheieyou could drive a pair of oxen through;
but I will not, because I think it will bo voted
down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
honoiable Senator from Connecticut, whether it
would not be as well to strike out that part which
includes the Census Buieau. That comes but once
in ten years,and it requires aman of peculiar qual-
ifications, and it is a large affair when it does come.
I think i would not burden the Agricultural Bu-
reau with it, but leave it distinct, apart from that.
I like his proposition better than the original bill,
because 1 want to have it a bureau under the con-
trol of the Department of the Interior, rather than
an independent affair. It is more appropriate that
it should be so. I suggest to him, however, to
disconnect the census from it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I do not believe that
any legislation is necessary at present, in refer-
ence to this matter. Sixty thousand dollars are an-
nually appropriated for the benefit of agriculture.
That sum hu« hitherto been administered by the
Commissioner ot Patents; I think as well, as use-
fully, as economically administered as it could be
under this or any other bill. The fund provided
for is the same, and there is a simple change of
name, and that is all that is proposed for the ben-
efit of agt lculture by this bill.
In the first place my objection to this bill is,
that u will break up a well established system of
the Government, by which all inferior divisions
are subordinate to and under the direct control of
some one of the Departments. The bill under con-
sideration proposes to make a minister or Com-
missioner responsible to the President alone: the
Commissioner to make an unlimited number of
appointments without the approval of any person.
The Patent Office is now entirely independent of
the Government in revenue and funds, and is sup-
ported entirely by the inventors of the country;
and yet every appointment made by the Commis-
sioner has to be submitted to the approval of the
Secietary of the Intenoi, and can only be made
after a rigid examination as to qualifications by a
board of examiners appointed by law. This is re-
quired in every other Department: yet it is wholly
omitted in this bill. The object of this independ-
ence is to secure eventually another Cabinet min-
ister, as was the case with the head of the Post
Office and the Attorney General.
