1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1757
In my opinion it is impolitic at present to sep-
arate the ag ricultuial division from the Patent Of-
fice, because the sum proposed to be expended is
so small that it would require perhaps one half of
$60,000 to pay the salaries, and it would cost a
large j>roportion of the remaining $30,000 to pur-
chase a library and necessary furniture for rooms,
&c. The library of the Patent Office now is the
very best in the country for a mechanical and ag-
ricultural bureau, and it was purchased from the
Patent Office fund exclusively, not costing the
Governmeutariything. It is used by the agricul-
tural department as freely as if it were under and
controlled by it; a libiauan is furnished free of all
cost to the agricultural fund; and the disburse-
ment of all the agricultural fund is made by the
Patent Office, free of cost to that fund, and at no
gieat expense even to the Patent Office itself. In
tiie corps of examiners of the Patent Office are
many men eminent for scientific qualifications in
all the rural arts—botanists, agricultural chemists,
mechanics, who give their opinions freely on all
questions requiring investigation and decision.
Such men aie indispensable to the proper admin-
istration of the agricultural division, and this bill
provides for their appointment, wheicas the ser-
vices aie now as well obtained and better, gratu-
itously, The bill under consideration provides
for no duties not now performed under the Patent
Office, and its passage will involve an expense
simply to change the administration of the fund
from the Commissioner of Patents to another per-
son, who is not required to give bond—though [
believe that is now provided for by an amendment
—for the security of the funds, or to take an oath
for the faithful discharge of his duties.
The labor of frankmg for the agricultural divis-
ion, which is immense, is now done by the Com-
missioner of Patents and Jus chief clerk, without
cost to the agricultural fund. Much of the cor-
respondence is also carried on bv clerks in the
Patent Office. Heretofore tlmro has been a con-
tioversy between formei Secretaries of the Inte-
rior and Commissioners of Patents as to which
had the superintendence and contiol of the agri-
cultural division of the Patent Office. Tins con-
tioveusy has caused a want of efficiency in the
agiicultuial division. Mr. Jacob Thompson as-
sumed that ho had die entue control of it, and
created, as I conceive, without any authority of
law, the office of Superintendent of Agriculture,
and appointed a Mr. CJemson at a salary of $2,500
a year. Tins was a useless expenditure of money,
and an office unknown to an existing law. The
present Secretary of the Interior, on the resigna-
tion of Mr. (Jlemson, filled the office thus vacated,
supposing that lie had power to conti ol the ap-
pointments in that di vision; but as he did not wish
to do so without ftill and legal authority under
the law, he submitted the whole question to the
Attorney General for his decision. The Attor-
ney General gave a decision that under the acts of
Congress the application of the agricultural fund
was entirely under the control of the Commis-
sioner of Patents; and while the Secretary has
been freely consulted, and has cheerfully given
lus opinion as to the policy to be pursued m the
application of this fund, he has not assumed to
contiol it.
Pot those rwsons, and others which I will not
now take the time of the Senate to enumerate, I
believe that no legislation at, this time upon the
subject is necessary. If any legislation shall be
determined upon, however, I very much prefer
the substitute offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not know whether the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island means to press the con-
sideration < f tins hill now until the Senate shall
have acti.nt upon it. At (he suggestion <>t the Sen-
ator fioui Maine, in icgai d to connecting the Cen-
sus Bureau with this Agileuluual Buit.au, and in
deference to his opinion, I aivt disposed to strike
out ftom tiie amendment that part of it which con-
nects the Census Bureau with it, and leave the
Bmeau of Agriculture separate and distinct by
itself. I propose, theiefoie, to strike out the third
section of my u.niendment, and also to strike out
the words '• Census Office and," which I inserted
m the fifth line of the fifth section before on the
suggestion of !}je Senator lioni Vermont.
The Pi.lESIDli.NT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is ^o niodilud. Tiie question isonagteemg
to the amendment up modified.
Mr. HALE. I very much doubt the expe-
diency of any legislation at this time upon this
subject. I have thought heretofore that'it was a
very fortunate thing for the agricultural interests
of the country 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideiation of the special assign-
ment of the day.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (S. IN o. 151) to confiscate the prop-
erty and free the slaves of rebels, upon which the
Senator fiom Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. In future times the chapter of
history that will be rend with moie of interest, with
more of surprise, with deeper condomnation,and
I will say even execration, than any that .lias yet
been wi itten, will be the history of this rebellion,
its origin and causes, remote and immediate, its
progress, and the stupendous conflict of arms that
it has produced.
In ancient times, I have read from heathen my-
thology, that in a war, either of rebellion or inter-
national, among the heathen gods and derm-gods,
there was one of them of gigantic proportions who
was overcome and confined under Mount Vesu- I
vius for his punishment, and the fable is, further,
that whenever he tui ned over in the bed to which
he had been consigned, that mountain would send
forth its eruptions of molten lava. That fable is
not an unapt illustration of the spirit of secession
that has produced our present great difficulties, i
It is a spirit of gigantic, proportions, and m Us j
capacity and disposition for mischief and ruin it
comes up to the fabled proportions of the ancient I
monster. Mr. Fiesident,l want that spirit of sc- I
cession encounteied, and J want it exterminated,
annihilated. It will not do to confine it; it will
not do to permit it to live and to give to it the
power of locomoPon, because so long as it does j
live and has the faculty to move it will be moving ;
in the work of mischief and nun. That spirit, !
nowhere in the United States where it has walked i
abroad, is yetsnbdued. Itexists in my own Stole, !
and although it is still and quiet, it has as much
latent energy and as much disposition to woik
mischief as it, has had since it made its appear- j
ance in the United States. I admit (hat the most !
effective and propercourse for encountering it, fur J
making war upon it, and for the subjugation of]
that spirit of secession is by arms in the field. In !
the depth and truth and sincerity of my desire to '
have the spirit of secession exterminated, f yield |
to no man in this nation; but while we are at that .
work of conquest for the purpose of maintain- i
mgthe Union and the Constitution of the United
States, lam utterly opposed to tin1 sacrifice of that ■
Constitution or any one of its juniciples. Thepo- j
smon of my State m this great contest has here- :
tof'ore not been wholly satisfactoiy to me, and it ;
is not now. 1 would have preferred that my na-
tive State had planted herself squarely and fully
upon her constitutional duties, and had performed !
them promptly at the call of the piopcr aufhori- i
ties when this rebellion broke out. From the force |
of circumstances, the Union men of that State,
who are as true to the Union as any men that
bieathe the breath of life, could not in that man-
ner perfoi m then great duty, and they cannot now
put the State complen ly, fully, and squarely on
the plain platform of her duty.
The position of my State and of myself has some- '
times been rcferred'to 111 tenns of condemnation
m tins Senate, and out of the Senate, in the pub- :
lie newspapers, and m private circles. In relation .
to that matter, I have only to say that, proudly j
conscious of the lectitude of my position and the i
position of the Union men 1 repiesent, on that i
question, if these imputations or ('barges against :
them n'nd myself are of the character that they j
or I am disloyal, they are basely and uttei ly false. !j
if they are made m thespnit ofVnvy—I wiil not jl
say on\y, but of icsentnient, of malevolence and 'j
slander, 1 scorn and defy them and their authors, ;l
whether they are in this Chamber or out ot u. ji
If they are made in the heat of passion and for j
want of conee.t information, 1 pity and I despise ji
the charge and its authors. I have never hesi- i
tated, nor intended to hesitate, to give my support ^
and my vote, and,if necessaiy, my voice, toany
constitutional measure to put down this war by ij
force of arms, by the civil legislation within the -1
pale of the Constitution. I believe it is the honest
and the true purpose of the President so to con-
duct the war, and m his conduct of it, so far as
that conduct is to be indorsed by Congress, I in-
tend to give him my full, unqualified, and hearty
support.
I know, sir, that in times of war, and especially
a war of rebellion, both the President and the
armies of the United States have to perfoim many
discretionary acts that are purely political, and
that do not and cannot come under the supervis-
ion of the courts, but are referred wholly to the
discretion of the functionaries charged with the
exercise of those political powers. I know that
in times of difficulty and great danger, when the
life of the nation is imperiled, and when every
effort of its true and honest citizens is required
to save the nation and the Government, irregular
power must necessarily be sometimes assumed.
The assumptions of power, in such cases of exi-
gence, I do not condemn; on the contrary, I give
them my sanction and my approval, But these
discietionary powers that thus lead to irregular, if
not unauthorized acts, appertain wholly to the
Piesident and to the generals and armies in the
field; they do not belong to Congress. 1 have faith
and confidence that our armies in the field, in num-
ber, in prowess,and m military skill,arefully ade-
quate to put down the rebellion and to assert the
domination of the Constitution and the laws of tfie
United States, and the authority of their officers in
all the seceded States; but I do not believe that the
contest is by any means over. On the contrary, I
think there are now impending two conflicts in
arms, the one at Yoiktown, the theater where our
hbei ty and independence in the war of the Revo-
lution were m fact achieved, and the other on the
Tennessee river, upon which hang very largely
the continuance of this war.
Mr. Piesident, I have regretted, and still regret,
that in devising measures to cany on this war to
a quick and successful issue, theic has ever been
any manife-station of paity organization in either
House of Congress, i would that tiie dominant
paity now m power had acted upon a different
principle, that they had sunk party and partisan-
ship in one univeisal, united, and devoted service
by every Union man to the cause of the country,
the Union, and the Constitution, and that they
had determined deliberately to exclude from the
consideration of Congress and nil of its proceedings
any question calculated to produce the least dis-
cordance or difference of opinion or view s between
the true and devoted Union men of every name
and party, until the war was brought to a final and
successful close. If they had chosen, in the ex-
ercise of their discretion and of their duty to their
country, to ae.f on that principle, in my humble
judgment it would have lestricted the continuance
of this war months, if not years; it would have
saved the loss of the lives of thousands and tens
of thousands of our true and gallant men by dis-
ease in the camp and by slaughter m the field; and
it would have saved the people of the United
States the payment of millions and hundreds of
millions m the cost of waging the war.
I, in common with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] who addressed the Senate yesterday,
condemn the attempt to reorganize and to place
upon its feet again the old Democratic party dur-
ing the pendency of this gieat national conflict;
but I (Cjoally and more condemn the mcie paity
organization of the party in power in calling their
exclusive party caucuses and holding their coun-
cils secretly, and determining upon the measuies
by which this war was to be waged and brought
to its close. Sir, if one as humble as myself could
have been invited to take counsel with the true men
for fhe Union and the Constitution m the Senate
for the purpose of putting down this rebellion, of
chastising its authors, of subjugating the whole
military power that has been brought to its sup-
port, of compelling unconditional obedience to the
Constitution and the laws, and inflicting condign
punishment on the authors of tins great crinft? and
mischief, upon the principles of the Constitution
and for the inviolate preservation of that great ark
of American liberty, I would have gone mtosuch
a council with as pure a purpose and with as de-
voted a heart as any man who calls himself Re-
publican. But whenevei other questions alien to
the vat, alien to the rebellion, alien to the honest,
truthful, and undivided prosecution of the war ior
the purposes I have indicated, and for any mere
