?36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
after the words " cotton seed," the words " and
$1,000 for the purchase of tobacco seed."
The amendment was concurred in.
The title of the bill was also amended to con-
form with the change made in the body of the
bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendments were agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTE KILL.
Mr. WOOD. I ask permission to record my
vote against the Treasury note bill, passed on
Friday last, having been detained from the House
on that occasion in consequence of sickness.
No objoxtion was made, and Mr. Wood's vote
was recorded m the negative.
SIGNAL SERVICE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask permission to
report from the Committee on Military Affairs
Senate bill No. 141, making appropriations for the
signal scrvico of the United States Army.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to taking
that bill up now.
MICHIGAN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of'Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to divide the State of
Michigan into two judicial districts, and to pro-
vide for holding the circuit and district courts
therein; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
UNITED STATES JUDICIARY SYSTEM.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by
unanimous consent, Senate bill No. 84, to amend
the act of 3d March, 1837, entitled " An act sup-
plemental to an actuuitled ' An act to amend the
judicial system of the United States,' ''was taken
irom the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and inferred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
REIMBURSEMENT OF MISSOURIANS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to provide for paying
loyal citizens of the United States for property
taken from them in the State of Missouri by offi-
cers and soldiers of the United States Army; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affaiis.
WILLIAM n. NOBLER.
On motion of Mr, OL1N, by unanimous con-
sent, Senate resolution No. 45, l'ur the relief of
William II. Nobles, wjin taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and'refoned to
the Committee on foreign Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr NOELL, (at four j
o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.,) the Ilouse
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 11, 1SG2.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sltni>eiu.a\td.
The Journal of yestei day was read andappioved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ICING. 1 piesent a petition praying for
postal refoim, which has been very extensively
circulated, some time being occupied m its circu-
lation, through the State of New York. It is
signed by a large number of prominent men from
neaily all the counties m the State, and is embod-
ied m book form, i am requested to ask thnt the
address and the petition be printed. I move that
the petition be refened to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; and the motion to
punt, I suppose, will go to the Committee on
Priming.
It was so ordered.
Mr. KING. I have received from the secretary
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
^ oik resolutions, which 1 am desired to present to
the Senate, and I ask the Secretary to lead them.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
(*namJ)lit or Co^.mvro" ok Tin- State or Xrw York,
JYfvv York, February G, le.)}.
Rf-ioh-cd* 'J'ii.jf, i/i ?!)<• op, hi on or iliiv Chamber, the pu\—
i nt fiistuu'Kil condition of the Govnnmentand of the coun-
try requuep the immediate pav-age of the bill now beiort'
Cong e^ winch auth'ui/'.os the issue of ,<'100,000,000 Uni-
ted States notes as a circulating medium, and makes said
notes,, with the $50,000,000 demand notes heretofoie issued,
a iegai tender in payment of all debts. *
Resolved, That the uieicbants of New York will sustain
the Government by all means wjihin their power in giving
credit and cuirency to these notes, unul they can be placed
on a specie basis by tiie imposition of taxes adequate for
their redemption.
I certify that the within is a true copy of resolutions
adopted by the Chamber of Cormneiee this day.
J. SMITH HOMANSj Secretary,
New York, February 6, 1862.
Mr. KING, I ask that they be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
It was so.ordered.
, Mr. "WILSON,ofMassuchusetts. I present the
petition of John Nesmith, Lieutenant Governor
of Massachusetts, and twenty-five thousand three
hundred and fifteen others, legal voters of New
E gland,for the passage of an act rendering homoe-
opathic surgeons, equally with others, eligible to
appointments m the Army and Navy ot'the United
States. This petition, Mr. President, is signed by
a large number of leading men of New England,
in all professions of life and in high positions in
the Government. The petition is thought by those
around me to be rather an allopathic dose than a
homoeopathic one. [Laughter.] I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a petition of citizens
of Zanesville, Ohio, on the same subject with the
petition presented by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, but in much more homoeopathic propor-
tions. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature ofMinnesota, asking the cooperation of the
national Government in measures of military de-
fense upon the frontier between Minnesota and the
English settlements at Selkiik, in central British
America; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printpd.
Air. IIARLAN presented the petition of David
H. Burr, late surveyor general of Utah, praying
compensation for services rendered and expenses
incurred for taking care of books, papers, and prop-
erty belonging to that office; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMANpresented apetition of citizens
of Crawford county,Ohio, praying for the passage .
of a rigorous retrenchment law, whereby the sal-
aiies of civil and military officers may be gieatly
reduced and the expenditures of the Government
decreased; which was referred to the special com-
mission on compensation and expenditures.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
heirs and assigns of Abel Turner and others, pray-
ing compensation for the loss of lands by the op-
eration of the treaty of Washington; which was
leferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before tin- Senate
a message of the President of the United States,
in answer to a resolution of the Senfte of the 5th
instant, in relation to the presentation of Ameri-
can citizens to the Court of France: which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Scmker, was ordered to be printed,
and laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the S'oiia tc
a communication from the Secretary of War, m
answer to a resolution of the Senate of December
H>, 1SGI, in relation to the aids-de-camp appointed
under the act of August 5, l^Gl: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs and
the Mihtia.
REPORTS 1'ROM COMMITTERS.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was icferred a petition of citizens ;
of iho Territory of Nebraska, praying for a grant j
of one section of land in each township of the
Ten itory of Nebraska, for the purpose of planting
timber thereon, asked to bo discharged from its ;
further consideration; which was ngieed to. |
Ho also*, from the same committee, to whom
was refenvda petition of citizens of Kansas, pray- 1
mg that provi.siun may be made by law for the
extension of the Government surveys over lands 1
lyme; in that State, asked to be discharged from
its further eonsideiation; which was agreed to.
j! Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
I lie Lands, to whom were referred resolutions of
i the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of a grant
! of land for the construction of a road through the
j1 mining districts of Michigan and Wisconsin, asked
I to be discharged from their further consideration;
! which was agreed to.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom was
!' referred apetition of citizens of the United States,
|, praying for the passage of a law to prevent all
I future tiaffic in the public lands, asked to be dis-
:> charged from its further consideration; which was
II agreed to.
j; Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Public
i1 Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of
! Lambert T. Follansbee and others, citizens of
; Kansas, praying proSction of their titles to lands
i1 in Kansas, asked to be discharged from its further
!' consideration; which was agreed to.
jj BILLS INTRODUCED.
il Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
j! No. 194) authorizing the banks of the District of
j! Columbia to issue notes of a less denomination
jj than fivedollars; which was read twice by its title,
[j and referred to the Committee on the District of
;> Columbia. *
i| Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous con-
i' sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 195)
!l lo amend the act to amend an act entitled "An
I act for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, and for other purposes,5' approved
August 30, 1852, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a vacancy upon
the Committee on Finance occasioned by the ex-
pulsion of the Senator from Indiana, Mr. Bright.
I move that the Chair be authorized to appointa
member to fill that place.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Cowan was
appointed to fill the vacancy.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I move that the Chair be
also authorized to fill the "vacancy upon the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Hender-
son was appointed to fill the vacancy.
Mr. FOOT. I make the same motion in refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, that the Chair fill the existing vacancy
in consequence of the absencc of the late Senator
from Indiana.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Hender-
son was appointed to fill the vacancy.
Mr. CO WAN. As I find that I have been ap-
pointed on the Finance Committee, I ask to be
excused from serving on the Committee on Indian
Affairs, if it is the pleasure of the Senate. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that the Chair be
permitted to appoint another member of the body
to the Committee on Indian Affairs,in place of Mr.
Co WAN.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wilson,
of Missouri, was appointed to fill the vacancy.
RELATIONS OF TIIE SECEDED STATES.
Mr. SUMNER. ' I offer a series of resolutions
declaratory of the relations between the United
States and the territory oncc occupied by certain
States and now usurped by pretended governments
without constitutional or legal right.
The resolutions were lead, as follows:
resolutions declai atoiy of the u-Iatioin between the United
Suitor and the ton itory once occupied by cm tain States,
and now usuiped by pretended Governments, without
constitutional oi legal right.
Wheieas certain States, lisjhtfully belonging to the Union
ot* the United Staler, have thioush their respective gov-
ernments wickedly undertaken to' abjure nil those duties
by which their connection with the Union was maintained;
to renounce all allegiance to the Constitution ; to levy war
upon the national Government; and, for the consumma-
tion ot this treason, have unconstitutionally and unlawfully
confederated together, with tbedeelaied puipose of putting
an end by tbice to the supremacy of the Constitution withm
then respective limits; and whereas tins condition of m-
suuection. organized by pictended governments, openly
exists in South Carolina, Georgia, Fluiida, Alabama, Mis-
si^jppij Louisiana, Tf-xn^, Atkan-a«, Tenne^ee, and Vir-
ginia, except in Eastern Tunue^ee and Western Vmiiuia,
and has been declared by the Pi evident of the United States,
in a pioclamatiou duly nmdc in conformity with an act of
Congress, to exi*t throughout tins termoiy, with the exeep-
