THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1862.
New Series No. 47.
tions already named; and whereas the extensive teiritory,
thus usurped by those pretended governments and organized
into a ho&uleeonledenuion, belongs to the United States, as
an insepaiahle part thereof, under the sanctions of the Con-
stitution, to he hold in trust for the inhabitants in the present
and future gcneiation®, and is so completely interlinked
with the Union that it is forever dependent thereupon ; and
wheieas the Constitution, which is the supreme law of the
land, cannot be displaced in its rightful operation within
tins temtoiy, but must ever continue the supreme law
thereof, notwithstanding the doings of any pretended gov-
ernments acting singly or in confederation, m order to' put
an end to its supremacy: Therefore,
j. Resolved, That any vote of secession or other act by
which any State may undertake to put an end to the su-
premacy of the Constitution within its territory is inoper-
ative and void against the Constitution, and when sustained
by force it becomes a pi actical abdication by tiie State of all
rights under the Constitution, while the treason which it in-
volves stiil turther works an instarit/or/eiiure of all those
functions and powers essential to the continued existence of
the State as a body-politic, so that from that tune fouvaid
the teimory falls under the exclusive jurisdiction of Con-
gress as other lerutory, and the State being, accoiding to
the language of the l&w,Jelo-dc-se, ceases to exist.
2. Resolved, That any combination of men assuming to
act in the place of such State, and attempting to insnare or
coeice the inhabitants thereof into a confedeiation hostile
to the Union is lebelbous, treasonable, and destitute of all
inoial authonty; and that such combination is a usurpa-
tion, incapable of any constitutional existence, and utteily
luwJos, &o that evuiything dependent upon it is without
constitutional or legal suppoit.
3. Resolved, That the teunination of a State under the
Constitution necessarily causes the termination of those
peculiar local institutions which, having no ongin in the
Constitution or in those natuial rights which exist inde-
pendent of the Constitution, aie upheld by the sole and ex-
clusive authontyuf the State.
4. Resolved, That siaveiy being a peculiar local insti-
tution, derived liom local laws, without any ongm in the
Constitution or m natuial rights, is upheld by the sole and
exclusive authority of the State,*uid mu-st theiciorc ccase
to exist legally or constitutionally when the State on which
it depends no longei exists; foi the ineideutcaimotsuivive
the pi incipal.
5. Resolved, That in the exeicive of it-* exclusive juris-
diction over the territory once occupied by the States, ir is
the duty of Congicss to see that the supremacy of the Con-
stitution is maintained m its essential punciples, so that
eveiywhere in this extensive territoiy slavery shall cease
to exist piactically, as it has already ceased to exist con-
stitutionally or legally.
6 Resolved, That any recognition of slavery in such tcr-
ritoiy,or anysmrender of slaves underthe pietended laws
ot the extinct States by any officer of the United States, civil
or military, is a recognition ot the pietended governments,
to the exclusion of the jurisdiction of Congiess under the
Constitution, and is in the natuie of aid and comfort to the
lebellion that has been oigamzed.
7. Resolved, That any such recognition of slavery or sur-
lender of pietended slaves, besides being a leeogmtion of
the pietended governments, giving them a'idand eomfoit, is
a denial of the lights of pci&ono who, by (he extinction of the
States, have become tree, so that, finder the Constitution,
they cannot again he enslaved.
8. Resolved, That allegiance liom the inhabitant and pro-
tection fiom the Government,ate coiuvpondinj?obligations,
dependent upon each other, so that while the allegiance of
every inhabitant of this terntoiy, without distinction of
color or class, is due to the United State*, and cannot in
any way be defeated by the action of any pietended gov-
ernment, or by any pietense of piopeity or claim to seiviec,
the corresponding obligation of protection is at the same
time due by the United Stntcs to eveiy such inhabitant,
without distinction of color or class; and it follows that in-
habitants held as slaves, whose pai amount allegiance is due
to the United States, may justly look to the national Gov-
ernment for piotection
9. Resolved, That the duty ducctiy ca«t upon Concrre-'s
by the extinction ol the State's is reinioieed by the positive
prohibition of the Constitution that*•' no State >hnll enter
into any confedeiation," or " without the consent of Con-
gress keep tioops or ships-of-war m time ot peace or filter
into any agreement or compact with another State,-' or
ugrant letters of ma!(pie and repi i&al,*' or com moii'-jy'
or " emit bills of cu-dit,'' oi " without the consent of Con-
giess lay any duties on imports ot export-*,1' all of which
have been done by these pietended government^, and al-o
by the po.-itivc injunction of the Constitution, addicted to
the nation, that '• the. United States .-hall gu.uanty to eveiv
Suite m this Union a icpublican form ol governmentand
that in pur-uanee of this duty ca-t upon Congre^, and fm-
ther enjoined bvthe Constitution, Copgiecs will as-ume
complete jiui-dictum of such vacated teiritory wheie >ueh |
unconstitutional and illegal things have been attempted, |
and will pioceedto e^table-h tin rein tcpulihean forms ot i
government und'-r the Con.-titulion; ami m the execution of !
this tiust will piovide caiefully loi the piotection of all the,
inhabitants thcteof, for the security ot uunihcs, the otuan
ization of labor, the encouiauenient ot mdustiv, and the
welfar3, of society, ami will in eveiy wav dischaige the ;
duties :i a just, merciful, and paternal government. i
Mr SUMNER. I ask that these resolutions 1
be printed, and laid on the table. At some future j
day I hope to call them up for consideration. |
Mr. DAYIS. I move that the lesolutions be 1
referred to the Committee on the Judiciarv. ' 
47
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The first motion was that the res-
olutions be printed, and laid on the table. Unless
by the unanimous consent of the Senate, the mo-
tion to print will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. But these are resolutions that
are offered in the course of the business of the
Senate for discussion, and I presume that under
the rule of the Senatethey would be printed. Cer-
tainly I ask that from the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
to print objected to? The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The resolutions then will be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it in order to move to refer
these resolutions to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
so to do, but a motion to lay on the table, in the
opinion of the Chair, has precedence. The Chair
did not take the sense of the Senate upon laying
the resolutions on the table. The motion is not
debatable.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course it will be with the Sen-
ate to make either disposition of the resolutions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the resolutions be laid on the table.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 33, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE, Mr. WILSON of Massachusetts,
and others. Let us have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
that the resolutions bu printed, and laid on the
table.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has not the motion to print
been alieady made11
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is correct. The motion is that the resolutions lie
on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make an in-
quiry with the consent of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and that inquiry is whether the ques-
tion is not substantially, the way it is put now,
between laying them on the table, and referring
them to the Committee on the Judiciary? I un-
derstood the Senator from Kentucky to object to
their being laid on the table, because he wants
them referred in the first place. Is that the case
or not?
Mr. DAVIS. That is the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to lay on the table. The Senator from Kentucky
had made a motion that they be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If laid on the table, does
that cut oii* a motion to refer them afterwards?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If they are
laid on the table, they will, in the opinion of the
Chair, be out of the reach of the Senate until they
shall be taken up again.
Mr. SUMMER. I should like to make a brief
statement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
lay on the table is notdebatable, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I made the motion myself.
Mr DAVIS. I object to the " brief sinfe-
ment" of the gentleman. I object to any debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate is
in order.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion is my own to
lay on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is so; but it
must be wilhdiawn, or olliei wise it must be put
without debate. It iw in the power of the gentle-
man to withdraw it, but the yeas ond nays hav-
ing been ordered, it requires the consent of the
Senate to allow him to withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. I do not think
we ought to take time now m discussing this
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to lay the resolutions on the table
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POWELL. If I understood the decision j
of the Chair, it was, that if this motion to lay on j
the table prevailed, the motion of my colleague to i
refer to the Committee on the Judiciary could not
be entertained. If so, I vote "nay."
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion now
is to lay on the table. If that does not prevail,
the question to refer will then be put.
Mr. POWELL. I vote "nay." I intend to
vote for the motion of my colleague to refer.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the motion to lay on the
table be lost, the motion to refer will be debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be to a
limited extent.
Mr. ANTHONY. I vote " yea."
The result was announced—yeas 21, llays 15j
as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Drowning. Chandler, Clark,
Coliamer, Dixon, Foster, Gumes, Haiian, Harris, Hender-
son, Howard, Johnson, King, Pomeroy, Rice, Shennan,
Smnner, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson oi Massachusetts
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Doollttlp, Foot, Hale,
Ilowe, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nesmith, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Thomson, and Willcy—15.
So the resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 265) to authorize the
Court of Claims of the United States to hear and
determine the claim of the heirs of Stephen John-
ston, deceased, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BIXXS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following- enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (S.No. 180) authorizing thedetailofnaval
officers for the service of the W$r Department; and
A bill (H. R. No. 165) making an appropria-
tion for completing the defenses of Washington,
and. for other purposes.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 265) to authorize the Court of
Claims of the United States to hear and determ-
ine the claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston,
deceased, was read twice by us title and referred
to the Committee on Piivate Land Claims.
SMALL NOTES IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on (he District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the petition
of sundry citizens of the District, asking for the
passage of a law repealing that portion of an act
of Congress which prohibits the circulation of
small notes in the District, have instructed me to
report a bill on the subject.
The bill (S. No. 193) to repeal that part of an
act of Congress that piohibita the circulation of
bank notes of a less denomination than five dollars
in the District of Columbia, was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose there will be no ob-
jection to the passage of the bill, and I ask that it
be consideied now. As the law now stands, we
are all constantly violating it. This bill merely
repeals two sections of the act of 185i, which pro-
hibited the circulation of small notes within the
District of Columbia. The law of itself was well
enough until the suspension of specie payments;
but now it is impossible to get specie.
Mr. SUMNER. It had better lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. KING. I have no disposition to interpose
protracted discussion about this matter, and am
willing to allow the sense of the Senate to be taken
upon it. My own opinion is against it, as it ia
against the proposition to make paper a legal
tender.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
it must £0 over.
Mr. KING. I take this occasion simply to
express that opinion.
INDEMNITY TO STATES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mill-
