1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
STtii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Bebel Property—Mr. Nugen.
Ho. of Reps.
functions to the armed majority of the nation. The
guiding and governing genius of the mischief, who
" Hides the whirlwind and directs the storm,"
often works through unwilling agents, through
conscripts, whose repentance should readily pur-
chase amnesty, and he could scarcely be recognized
or punished by the strict rules of the common law,
though his offense smelt to Heaven and he stood
condemned in the judgment of the State.
^ Secondly, the blow is aimed mainly at the na-
tion, and the wrong cannot be measured by the or-
dinary standards of computation governing courts
and juries, and it must nothe forgotten that what-
ever may be the character of this struggle on the
side of the assailants, on ours it has allthe badges
and the dignity of war, and that this is essentially
a measure in aid of the military arm. That it will
operate also as a measure of redress does not make
it unjust.
To conclude. Those who would reduce this
unparalleled rebellion to the standard of a mere
penal offense or crime against municipal law would
virtually grant it an impunity. We have seen that
the courts cannot reach it; and if we can point no
terrors but those which our armies administer, the
rebels are in a better condition than we. Some
we may send to death in open combat. Have they
not an equal chance to sacrifice our loyal coun-
trymen? Do they scruple to aim at tire lives of
our sons by dastardly guerrilla warfare? Suppose
that we conquer them in the field, it is but to trans-
late them from self-imposed hardships,which noth-
ing but their rage enabled them to sustain, to gentle
confinement and weil-ventilated prison-yards, to
be discharged on the speedy return of peace " un-
whipped of justice," for the procurement of hon-
ors that may perhaps be denied to our languishing
soldiers returned from the gloomy prisons of the
South, or perchance full-lledged with the spoils of
their Union neighbors, to foment i new rebellion
or scatter misrule through the land.
Sir, this is not what the people demand either
through their oral will or their written Constitu-
tion. They know the pangs to which the Con-
stitution and liberty itself have been subjected,
and they have already determined who shall pay
the ransom; and there is no danger but their right-
eous judgment will properly discriminate in favor
of the deluded or unwilling masses who are en-
titled to your amnesty, while the fate of the guilty
leadeis who have broken a twofold faith, as citi-
zen and magistrate, to this beneficent Government
shall serve as a perpetual warning against future
treason. For thirty years we have watched and
feared the growth of this evil from latent seeds
that have,floated in the procreating atmosphere of
centuries. We have tested its implacable nature
and we have proved it irreconcilable with repub-
lican freedom by the gigantic nature of its first
open struggle. We must meet it with a giant's
strength even if, like the fabled Jove, we have to
release our heaven-born allies, the Briarcan forces
of our Constitution,from their dark confinement.
Our consolation is that if its powers are Titanic,
they are hut earth-born and must yield to the su-
perior influence of civilization, and to those better
principles which, in the providence of God, have
thus far been our guide and our defense.
CONFISCATION OP REBEL PROPERTY".
SPEECH OF HON. R. H. NUGEN,
of Ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels-
Mr. NUGEN said:
Mr. Speaker: I am reluctant to claim the atten-
tion of the House when matters of more import-
ance than my remarks should receive its consid-
eration; but in view of the discussion which lias
already been had in this Hall during the present
session, I desire, in an informal and brief manner,
to present my views upon some of the measures
which now engage the attention of Congress and
the country.
Sir, we are in the midst of a civil war of formi-
dable proportion sand appalling magnitude. When
and with what result that war will end no one can
with certainty predict, and perhaps it is neither
prudent nor profitable at this time to attempt to
speculate upon that subject. It is certainly, how-
ever, the desire of every patriot that it shall term-
inate in the most speedy manner possible.
By a return of the people of the rebellious States
to their allegiance to the Federal Government, and
by willing submission on their part to its consti-
tuted authority, when that period shall arrive the
people of the country will demand that the army
which has been so suddenly called into the mili-
tary service of the country shall be disbanded, and
its gallant soldiers be permitted to return to their
peaceful avocations and endearments of home,
that the country may be as speedily as possible re-
lieved from the financial embarrassments in which
it is now involved, and which must continue to
increase so long as hostilities continue to exist
between theGovernmentand the rebellious States.
I believe the loyal people of the couiftry will be
willing to make every sacrifice that patriotism can
demand to restore the Government to its original
unity and strength; that for this purpose, and this
alone, they will willingly sacrifice their property
and their lives. But when the object of this war
is diverted from that for which it was inaugurated,
and the great struggle now going on becomes one
for the existence of a party or a theory, instead
of one for the existence of the Government as
our fathers gave it to us, they will not render that
cordial support which is necessary to insure the
complete triumph of our arms.
I concur most heartily with my colleague, [Mr.
Harrison,] who, in the course of his able speech,
submitted to the House some weeks ago, declared
that in his judgment the predominant sentiment
of the people of all the loyal States is, that the
war must be efficiently piosecuted in conform-
ity to the Constitution, and for its maintenance
and preservation, and for no other purpose.
Sir, I have no doubt of the existence of that
sentiment among at least nine tenths of the peo-
ple of the loyal States. They were inaugurated
to vindicate the Constitution and the laws, and
not for the purpose of violating them; and neither
the plea of a military necessity, nor any other that
can be framed by the ingenuity of man, will be
sufficient to justify any of the. departments of
Govemmentin violatingtheConslitution and laws
which it is sought to make the people of the re-
bellious States obey.
Sir, there can be no dispute as to the original
objects of this war. They are plainly stated in
the proclamation of the Piesident, issued on the
35th of April last, as well as in his subsequent
proclamations on the same subject. J will read
a portion of his first proclamation, which is as
follows:
" Whereas the law« of the United States have been for
home tune pa<-t, and now are, opposed, and the* execution
theieol ob-ti ueted in the .States ol .South Cuioluwi, Georgia,
Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Tca.i-, by
combinations too powerful to he suppressed by the ordinary
course of judicial ptoceeding*, or by the powers vested m *
the nnu-lials by law:
" Now, thetefore, T, Abiaham Lincoln. President of the
United States, in virtue of the power in me vested by the
Constitution and the laws, have thought lit to call loith,and
hereby do call forth, the milma of the several States of the
Union, to the ablegate number of seventy-five thousand,
in Older to suppress such combinations, and to cause the
laws to be executed."
Under this proclamation thousands of our brave
countrymen rallied to the rescue of their country.
No otherappeal was made to them than that which
was suggested by this manifesto. No otherappeal
than that would have produced such an outburst
of popular feeling and patriotism.
The appeal was made to the people to vindicate
and aid in enforcing the laws of the land against
those who were inarms against the Government,
trampling the Constitution and laws under foot,
and was not an appeal to the loyal people to vio-
late them because the people of the disloyal
States were doing so. This proclamation of the
President was under the authority and in the
precise words of the act of Congress passed in
the year 1795, but a few years after the Consti-
tution was adopted, nnd which was passed for
the purpose of carrying into effect that clause in
the eighth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution which authorizes Congress to provide
for calling forth the militia, to execute the laws of
the Union, suppress insurrection,and repel inva-
sions. The proclamation of the President sub-
sequently issued, calling for additional volunteers,
was based upon the same clause, and was for4.he
same purpose, namely, to suppress unlawful com-
binations against the laws. This resistance to
the laws was treated by the Government at the
beginning, and ever has been treated, as a rebel-
lion—not as a public war*, no war has ever been
declared either by Congress or the President, and
the rules which govern two sovereignties or
nations at war with each other, do not apply,
except so far as it may become necessary to ap-
ply them for our own protection in consequence
of the magnitude of the rebellion; for since the
war began, it has become necessary to send flags
of truce to the rebels, to recognize the rank and
command of their military officers, exchange
prisoners with them, and in many instances to
tieal with the so-called confederate States as a bel-
ligerent Power.
But these are only acts growing out of the im-
mediate operations of the armies, and demanded
by the exigencies arising in a conflict of arms be-
tween two powerful sections of a common coun-
try. But when we shall cease to regard the Con-
stitution, and to fight the battles of the country
outside of it and the Union, applying, in this con-
testwiththerebeliious power,all the rulesofintor-
nationnl law regulating two sovereignties at war
with each other, we admit the so-called confeder-
ate States to be a government, and we should no
longerdenounce theirpeopleas rebels and traitors.
Nor have we a right, in that event, to seriously
complain if other nations treat them as a govern-
ment, and claim the light to exeicise that inter-
course with them which neutral nations are
permitted to have with cither or both of two bel-
ligerent Poweis.
But, in addition to the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, to winch 1 have alieady alluded, treating
this as an insurrection, we have the act of Con-
gress of July last, which is merely an amendatory
act of that of 1795. But it is a loss of time to
show that the Government has thus far prose-
cuted hostilities against the seceding States fot the
purpose of executing the laws and protecting the
public piopcrty. Every call that has been made
for troops, and every other act thus far on the
part of the Government, has been for this and no
other ostensible purpose.
During tlie time that recruiting was going on
for the Army, if there was any consideiable sen-
timent in favor of prosecuting the war in any
other than a constitutional manner, or for any
other than a constitutional puipose, it remained
for some reason comparatively quiet. This House
went so far at the extra session of Congress in
July last as to pass almost unanimously certain
resolutions ottered by the distinguished gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] winch
declared:
That the existing civil war should not be wajjed on the
part ol the Government in any spirit of oppiessnm, noi tor
any purpose ol conque:t or subjugation, nor ioi the purpose
of ovoi tin owing or interfering with the rights or established
hi'-tiUition* of the States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of Mm Constitution and to preserve the Union
Willi all the dignity, equality, and rights off be several States
unimpaired, and that as soon as the&o objects are accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
For this resolution I believe every member pres-
ent at the time, with three or four exceptions,
voted. The term " established institutions of the
States," plainly included the institution of slavery,
although some persons have tried to avoid that
construction by denying slavery to be an " insti-
tution" of civilized society. I will not say that
the resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky
was adopted as a matter of policy, for the purpose
of lulling the suspicions of those who might hesi-
tate to enter the military service for the purpose
of fighting to vindicate the anti-slavery sentiment
of the country; but 1 must say that the passage
of this resolution, and the suppiession foi the time
being of anti-slaveiy projects, was very inconsist-
ent with the policy which has been advocated by
so many gentlemen on the other side of the House
since the beginning of the present session.
From the very first day of this session, resolu-
tions and bills proposing emancipation in various
degrees, from the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
