1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
and approved writersupon international law. The
question then arises, is the United States now in
a state of war ? It is, in the most general and uni-
versal acceptation of the term. It is engaged in
a war to put down insurrection and rebellion at
home, but it is not engaged in a war according to
the distinction and the understanding of interna-
tional law and according to the rights which that
code of law assures to belligerents. The mostgen-
eral definition of war is, the state of a nation in
which it is pursuing its right with force:
" A nation is a unity, an entirety, a consequence of which
is, that when its sovereign powei declares war against an-
other nation, it is understood that the whole nation dcclarcs
war against that other nation; for the sovereign power rep-
resents the nation, and acts m the name of the whole so-
ciety: and it is only as a body, and in her national charac-
ter, that one nation has to do with another. Hence these
two nations are enemies, and all the subjects of the one are
enemies to all the subjects 01 the other. In this particular,
custom and principles are in accord.''—Vattel, p. 391.
"Ail the members of the enemy State may lawfully he
treated as enemies in a public war."—IVheaton'sElements
of National Law, p. 491.
" From the moment one State is at war with another, it
has, on general pi maples, a right to seize on all the ene-
my's property, of whatsoever kind, and whersoever found,
and appropriate the property thus taken to its own use, or
to the use of the captors."
But by the modern usages of nations, which
have now acquired the force of law—
" Temples of religion, public cdifices devoted to civil pur-
poses, monuments of art, and repositories of science, are
exempted from the genet al operations of war. Private piop-
eity on land is also exempt from confiscation, with the ex-
ception of such as may become booty in special cases,
when taken from enemies in the field, or in besieged towns,
and of military coutiilmuon* levied upon the inhabitants of
the-hostilo teiritory. This exemption extendi even to the
case o( an absolute and unqualified conquest of the enemy's
country."—Ibiip. 421.
'•The soveieignty ot a nation is externa! or internal.
F.vtemal sovereignty eoiiM?t& in the independence of one
political society in respect to all other political societies,
it is by the exeici^e of tins bianeh of sovereignty that the
international lelatnms of one political society aie main-
tained tn peace and in wai with all other political s-ocieties.
The law hy which it is regulated lias, theiefore, been called
external public l<uv—droit jnihlu. externa—but may more
piopeily be terini'd international law."—I hid., p.29.
Wheaton says:
Soveieignty is acquired by a State either at the orig.n
of the political society ot which it is composed or when it
sepaiatcs ii-elf ftom a community of which it previously
foimed a pan, and on winch it wiis dependent "—P. 30.
"Tins principle (soveieignty) applies as well to internal
as to external soveieignty. But an impoitant condition is>
to be noticed in this respect between these two specie* of
soveieignty. 'Plie internal soveieignty does not, many de-
gree, depend upon its recognition by other States. A new
Slate spunking into existence does not require the recog-
nition of other States to conform its intermit sovereignty.
Tiie existence of the State de facio is sufficient, in this re-
spect, to establish its sovereignty dc jure. It is a State be-
cause it exists."
But it " must have declared and shown its abil-
ity to maintain its independence."
i: Until the independence of the new Statu has been ac-
knowledged, either by the foreign State wheie its sover-
eignty is brought into question, or by the Government of
the country ol winch it was a province, courts ot justice
and private individuals aie bound to consider the ancient
state of things as lem.unmg unalteied."—TVheaton's Prin-
ciples of the Laic of Nations, page 05, and authorities theie
cited.
Vattel says, in treating of civil war:
" It is very evident that the common laws of war, those
maxims of humanity, modeiation, and honot which we have
already detailed in tilts work, oughtto be observed in acivil
war."
And he argues that this is a necessity to prevent
retaliation, and to prevent the war from becom-
ing cruel and savage. He says further:
"When the sovereign has subdued the opposite party,
and icduced them to sue (oi peace, he may except from the
amnesty the authors of the disturbance, the heads of the
party; he may bring them to a legal tribunal, and punish
them if they be found guilty. He may act in this manner,
particularly on occasion ot those disturbances m which the
lnteie-sts oi' the people are not so much the object in view-
as the private aims of some powerful individuals, and which
rather deseive the appellation of revolt than of civil war."
That is particularly the case in the present rebel-
lion against our Government:
"But when a nation becomes divided into two parties
absolutely independent, and no longer acknowledging a
common supenor, the State is dissolved, and the war be-
tween the two panics stands on the same giound in eve.iy
re=poct as a public war between two different nations.5'—
rages 425, 426, 427.
These are authorities of the highest reputation,
and the principles laid down by them in the pas-
sages which 1 have read are, in substance: all
nations arc equal, and the same rights and obliga-
tions devolve upon them. International laws are
those rules which define the i ighfs and obligations
and regulate the intercourse and relations of na-
tions with each other, and which have their au-
thority from the uniform recognition and observ-
ance of them by the civilized world. The rights
and obligations established by international law
are pet fectly reciprocal, and whatever is right and
lawful or wrong and unlawful, when claimed or
done by one nation, is equally so when claimed
or done by all other nations. Nations being equal
and independent, and there being no common arbi-
ter or authority to decide their disputes, every
nation has a perfect right to go to war to assert its
rights or to redress its wrongs, and of the suffi-
ciency of the cause each nation for itself is the
sole and exclusive judge; and, consequently, the
laws of nations do not and cannot make any dis-
criminations whatever between just and unjust
international wars.
When national law treats of war generally, and
without language defining some other kind of war,
it means war between two or more nations. "War
is the state when one nation is pursuing another
nation for its right with force. A nation is a unity,
an entirety, and consequently when the war-mak-
ing power of one nation declares or wages war
against another nation, all the citizens and sub-
jects of both nations are considered and treated
as at war with each other. All the relations of
war and peace between one nation and another
nation are in their national character, as individ-
ual bodies, and they have no rights, obligations,
or relations whatever represented by their individ-
ual subjects or citizens; and when two nations are
at war with each other, all the subjects and citi-
zens of both are mutually enemies. Formerly,
when two nations went to war, each had the right
to seize immediately all the property of whatso-
ever kind and wheresoever found of the other,
or its subjects or citizens, and to appropriate it to
its own use, or to the use of the captors. But by
modern international law, temples of religion,
public edifices devoted to civil purposes, monu-
ments of art, repositories of science, and private
property on land, except in cases of extreme stress
and necessity and excepting such as may be taken
from enemies in the field or besieged towns and
contributions upon the inhabitants of a hostile
country, are exempt from confiscation, even after
! the permanent conquest of the country by the
enemy.
These principles were established for and apply
only to sovereign and independent States, and
never to a nation and any of its rebellious parts
or people until they have declared their independ-
ence, and demonstrated their ability to maintain
it. They then have established their internal sov-
ereignty; and being absolutely independent, and
having formed a separate government for them-
selves, they are a State, or nation, distinct from
the one of which they were previously apart; and
all international law applies mutually and equally j
to them both. But in all the intermediate stages
from the first revolt to the consummation of the
revolution, although civil war may rage violently
and widely between the contending parts, yet they
still form but one State; and international law,
which applies to nations each as a unity and en-
tirety, has no more application to them than it had
before their struggle began. The part which ad-
heres to and is represented by the Government,
has against the other no belligerent international
rights. It cannot, under the laws of nations, con-
fiscate or forfeit the property of the other, or ac-
quire by right of conquest the portion of the coun-
try inhabited by it, or pursue toward it any other
line of conduct, having its rightfulness and au-
thority in those laws. Those laws are reciprocal;
they devolve the same rights and obligations upon
all the parties in any war to which they are appli-
cable. They can be applicable only to nations
who are independent and equal, and are wholly
inappropi late to the Government and the insur-
gents in all cases of rebellion.
In our own case all the rebels are traitors and
criminals, and they cannot put in operation or
'i claim a single belligerent right until they shall
]! have demonstrated by the success of their arms,
;; their ability to maintain their independence. Be-
i. fore this is done, however discordant and warring
our condition may be, all the people of the Uni-
<' ted States are together but one nation, and are so
to be treated by al! otheis;and the parts or peo-
pie in revolt, although they may have declared
j! their independence and formed a separate govern-
!; ment for themselves, cannot be entitled to any
rights or privileges from the laws of nations.
Hence all the confiscations, forfeitures, and seiz-
ures, made or authorized by the rebels of the
southern States, are wrongs and outrages without
right, law, or excuse; and all their deprivations
of life of human beings, whether by the judgment
of pretended civil or military courts, or in battle,
are flagrant murders; and their authors are sub-
ject to the same liabilities, pains, and penalties of
wrong-doers and murderers generally,with deeper
execration for more enormous guilt.
If these rebels were made responsible by inter-
national law, they would be entitled to its im-
munities by its principle of mutuality and equal-
ity among belligerents, and could properly and
rightfully do, against the loyal people of the Uni-
ted States, every act for the seizure, confiscation, •
and appropriation of property or the destruction
of life which our Government could lawfully
authorize to be done against them. But in carry-
ing on the war, both they and the United States
are subject to the usages and modes of war, which
have been established by the principles and prac-
tices of civilized and Christian nations, that are
alike applicable to all wars, whether they be in-
ternational or civil and domestic. Neither party
can murder or enslave prisoners, and both must
spare the vanquished when they have laid down
their arms. Neither party can use poisoned
weapons, or poison water and food; and both
must observe flags of truce, armistices, cartels for
the exchange of prisoners, and all the principles
of humanity, honor, and good faith, so far as the
practices of nations in modern times have invoked
them to mitigate the horrors of all war. Dur-
ing the pendency of the conflict, the United States
are restrained by these principles and practices
from all civil or military executions of the rebels
for the purpose of obviating bloody retaliations,
and preventing the war from becoming cruel and
ferocious in its character. But when the United
States have subjugated the rebels, and freed all
loyalmen from their powcrand revenge, its courts
may then bring to trial and punishment such of
them as can be arrested, according to the forms
and sanction of their laws, and the discretion of
their proper authorities.
But neither the existing rebellion in our coun-
tiy, nor the domestic wars of any other country,
are the subjects or the objects of international
law or of the rights and duties established by it.
Such wars arc domestic concerns, appertaining
exclusively to each nation afflicted by them, and
for which each has the perfect and unquestionable
right to prescribe any means, mode, laws, and
punishment to quell it, according to its sovereign
will, so that they do not outrage and shock the
uuiveisal laws of humanity. Congress has never
passed any law or the United States courts made
any decision in conflict with those principles. The
United States have acted upon this genera! prin-
ciple in creating and organizing all the forces and
machinery to execute their laws, to suppress in-
surrections, to crush treason and punish traitois,
and to protect the States against invasion and do-
mestic violence; and these forces and this ma-
chinery are embodied in the Constitution and laws
of Congress, and are distributed among the three
departments of the Government.
Mr. President, the Supreme Court, in the cele-
brated case of the United States vs. Brown, and
in the cases of the Sally, and the Rapid, and the
Venus, decided that the property proceeded against
was enemy's property or quasi enemy's property;
that it did not belong to a citizen or any number
of citizens in a slate of rebellion or insurrection,
but that it was the property ofcitizensofaforoign
and independent nation, and as such was liable to
be proceeded against and condemned by the prize
and other national law. The particular question
decided in the case of Brown was tins: after the
declaration of war in 1812, some property belong-
ing to a subject of England was brought within
the United States, and the most difficult question
in the case was, whether it was property still afloat
or on land, and the Supreme Court decided this,
and this only, that that property was subject to
confiscation, but that an act of Congress was ne-
cessaiy to give effect to the confiscation.
Mr. COLLAMEft. Will the gentleman suffer
me a moment to remind htiu that in the Brown
case the question was, whether property of the
enemy, which was in the country when the war
was declared, could be seized as prize of war and
