2720
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
is about seventy thousand. It is not equal to that
of a congressional district.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I misunderstood the
matter.
Mr. GRIMES. But we give the District, hav-
ing no representation in Congress, the same repre-
sentation in the Naval Academy that it would
have if it had one hundred or one hundred and
twenty thousand people.
The amendment was ag^ped to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following as an
amendment:
And be it fmther enacted, That the pay of the secretaries
of the commanders of squadrons shall hereafter be-$l,500
a year, and one ration.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it now?
Mr. GRIMES. One thousand dollars.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that is in
addition to their other pay.
Mr. HALE. They have no other pay.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 did not understand it.
Mr. GRIMES. I will explain to the Senate the
reason why the amendment has been offered. The
present pay of the secretary of a commander is
$1,000 a year, and it is wholly inadequate to the
proper support of an efficient and good officer to
perform the duties of that position. Very few per-
sons, f apprehend, have any idea of the dunes that
are devolved upon each of the secretaries of the
commanders of our squadrons. I hold in my hand
and I will read to the Senate an extract from a let-
ter from one of the commanders of our squadrons
on this subject. He says:
" I have six divisions in my squadron besides mv head-
quarters at this place, and four of these are each laigor than
an old tune squadron? Nor is this ail, for I answer all com-
munications trom the senior officer* of th^se divi.-ion^, con-
dense their icpoUvS tor the more easy appreciation of the
Depatt men trending also thou own repoits and those of
their Miboidhinte-s. I commend, encourage, and notice
shotteoimnss all of which lias a good effect, thouah I never
had a comimnloie toanswei my letteis wheu I commanded
a -Imjle .-hip, wnh lare exception*.
" jYow you man lemember, too, I have only the old ma-
clunery lor ;i!J tins and other work, a secretary and a clerk.
It is true no commodoie or admiral, trom Nelson down,
ever had ciieh a M'cietary, but he works tiom sixteen to
eighteen hours a day, and neither of us ever turn in until
one, a m The dilfeience being however, that f am paid for
mv woik, wiitle he <fets bur a trifle more than the messen-
gei at the othei end of your building "
Alluding to the Navy Department:
" Eveiy clerk in the Navj. Department receives moresal-
aty, and i- theic trom mn<* until four, p. m. V labor
for the officers who take pnzes is fabulous for not one of
them can team to piepaie a ease for the court*, though I
have iiMiueted them over and ovoi again ; they aie much
better at takmg the puzes than at pie-sciting them for ad-
judication; yet the secielaiy is not included in the prize
act."
This docs not includc him in the prize act; it
simply raises his compensation from $1,000 up to
$1,500 a year, and gives him one ration.
Mr. SUMNER. What other clerical force has
tin; commander ?
Air. GRIMES. None.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer for adoption the fol-
lowing as an amendment:
And be it tin the) enacted. That each assistant paymaster
attac lied to any Vfs^el ot wai "-hall be authorized to appoint
a eie.k m lieu of the steward heretofore allowed, subject
to the appiov.il of the commanding officer of such vc\-*el;
and -ueh eleik -hall have the privileges ot a paymaster
oloik, and hi- yeady compensation *JiaIl be §100, and one
idtion pet dav.
By the act of Congress approved 16th of Au-
gust, 1846, each purser attached to a sloop-of-war,
or other vessel smaller than a fngnte, is author-
ized to appoint a clerk m lieu of the steward here-
tofore employed, subject to the approval of the
commanding offieer of the vessel. Under that law
any purser, now called a paymaster, is author-
ized to have a clerk, and the clerk's compensation
is £400 a year. Since then we have authorized
the appointment of assistant paymasters. The
Department, by a general Older, approved on the
5th ot August, 1861, authorized these assistant
paymaster to have a steward, and they made a
reguhiion that paymaster's stewards, where the
ship s complement is below one hundred, shall
receive th-tty dollars a month; and where it is
ft bo w* one hundred, they shall receive thirty-three '
doliai s pr-r month. But these stewards are to be
selected trotu the Grew. Now, it is notahvays that
theassiscant paymastei is able to secure the proper
man for the discharge of these duties from the
crew.
This amendment merely places the assistant
paymaster upon the same basis in regard to a clerk
that the paymaster is now, and that all paymas-
ters were in before the passage of the act of last
July creating the office of assistant paymaster. It
authorizes him, when he goes on board, to take a
clerk, a confidential man, a man on whom he can
rely, and fixes the compensation at the rate named
in the act of 1846, which is only forty dollars a
year more than is now given to one of these stew-
ards. The only difference therefore is that it en-
tails an expense of forty dollars a year for each
one of these persons; but it enables the assistant
paymaster, who acts in a fiduciary capacity for
the Government, to select a man in whom he has
confidence and who is capable of properly dis-
charging the duties, whereas under the present
system he is obliged to take his man from the crew
and cannot always get a proper man.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it supposed now that he
will take his man from the crew or from outside
of the crew ?
Mr, GRIMES. Outside of the crew.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the pay enough to secure
the services of a competent man who is not al-
ready on board the vessel in another capacity?
Mr. GRIMES. It is not very large pay; but
it is such as the law allows to the clerk of the
paymaster. As the law stands now, if an assis-
tant paymaster is on a small vessel, the Dakota
for instance, he has a steward; he gets sick oris
transferred to another ship and a paymaster comes
in; he is entitled to a clerk. Then again, suppose
on another ship there is a paymaster entitled to a
cierk: the moment that paymaster is transferred
to another ship his clerk aiso is discharged, no
matter where he may be transferred, whether it
is at New Orleans, or at Port Royal, or in the
New Yoik harbor; and then the assistant pay-
master, who comes in there as a new man, cannot
take the clerk and keep him, but is obliged to
pick out somebody from the crew, and use him for
the service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer this amendment to come
in at the end of the first section:
For repairs, painting, and raising the roof of the Navy
Depai tinent building, finishing and furnishing the same,
$20,000.
I will state that this amendment is offered upon
the recommendation of the Committee on Naval
Affairs and of the Secretary of the Navy. The
Navy Departmenthas at this time in its use, four-
teen rooms in Winder's building. That building
was purchased by the Government for the use of
the War Department, and the Navy Department
has been notified by the War Department to re-
move from it. It will be impossible, I am told,
to procure suitable rooms in that vicinity; and,
certainly, it cannot be done without paying at
least half the amount that is proposed to be ap-
propriated for raising the roof up and putting an-
other half story on the Department, which, it is
estimated, will cost #15,000, and which, it is be-
lieved, will furnish sufficient room for the Navy
Department for several years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
For the pay of mileage of visitors to the Naval Academy,
■$1,000.
For a great many years there has been a regu-
lation in the Navy Department that " the Secre-
tary of the Navy will, when expedient, annually
invite not less than seven persons, such as he may
judge well qualified, to attend the academy during
the June examination as a board of visitors for
the purpose of witnessing the examinations of the
several classes and of examining into the state of
the police, discipline, and general management of
the institution, the results of which examination
they will report to the Secretary of the Navy;"
but no provision by appropriation has ever been
made for the payment of the mileage of these visi-
tors, as is done in the case of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point. The amountannually appro-
priated by the Government for paying mileage
to the visitors of West Point, is $2,000. Tins
amendment proposes to appropriate $1,000 for the
payment of the visitors to the Naval Academy, ;
because it is supposed that a majority of these
visitors will be members of the naval profession,
but it is believed that it will be to the advantage
of the academy that scientific and able men from
civil life and from the merchant marine should be
selected to act with these naval officers, thus com-
posing a mixed board, which will have a tendency
first to popularize the institution, bring its merits
or demerits whatever they may be before the coun-
try, and next to elevate the standard of education v
at the institution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And he it further enacted, That chaplains in the Navy
shall be not less than twenty-one nor more than thirty
years of age, at the time of their appointment as such.
The reason of that is that we have had chap-
lains appointed who were so old that they were
retired under the retired oill before they had ever
seen a day of sea service. I believe we have chap-
lains now in the Navy who had reached that ad-
vanced period of life at the time of their appoint-
ment, that they were incompetent to perform sea
duty; and this is to limit the age so that we shall
have some service out of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted} That the orders, regulations,
and mstiactions heretofore issued by the Secretary of the
Navy he, and they aie hereby, recognized as the regulations
of the Navy Department, subject, however, to such altera-
tions as the Secretary of the Navy may adopt, with the ap-
probation of the President of the United States.
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator would state
the necessity for that. I supposed that was all so
now without any law.
Mr. GRIMES. I was ofthc same opinion with
the Senator from New Hampshire; I supposed it
was so; but my attention has been called to an
opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States, Mr. Cushing, given on the 5th of April,
1853, on this subject. The Navy Department at
that time undertook to establish a code of articles
similar to the Army regulations, and appointed a
commission who compiled a code. The com-
mission and its labors were brought to the atten-
tion of the Attorney General, and he decided that
they had no right to make any such code, the re-
sult of which is that nobody at this time has any
very accurate information as to what the regula-
tions and rules of the Navy are. The foundation
for the rules and regulations is the act of the 4th
of April, 1800. I have the opinion of the Attorney
General before me, in which he says that the au-
thority of the President of the United States and
of the War Department" conjointly to establish
the rules and regulations for the Government ot
the Army is based upon a law, a copy of which
I have transcribed, and propose to be adopted into
this bill. The opinion to which I refer was given
upon a code of regulations to which the commis-
sion, to whom I have referred, termed their com-
pilation of systems and regulations; I will read
from the opinion:
" These conclusions in regard to the present(system' are
confirmed by the practice ot the Government in the analo-
gous case of legulatums for the direction of the Aimy. For
that branch of the public service there is permanent piovis-
lon, by an act of Congress passed the 24th of April, 181G,
which sanctions the i emulations in force at the time under
the pievious act of 3d Match, 1813, subject to such altera-
tion as the Secretary of War may adopt, with The approba-
tion of the President. Undei this authority it is that the
subsisting - regulations for the Army' have legal effect."
And it is a transcript of that act of 181G to which
Mr. Cushing refers, in his opinion, as being the
basis upon which the War Department has acted,
that I have proposed as an amendment here so as
to authorize the Navy Department to establish
regulations that will have the same validity as reg-
ulations that the war regulations now have in the
Army.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to it; hut I
would suggest to my friend from Iowa, and to
everybody else who undertakes to offer amend-
ments to the bill, that if they undertake to offer
amendments, and fix our laws to meet the opin-
ions of the Attorney General, they have entered
upon a job that will be endless and perplexing
beyond measure.
The amendment was agreed to
