1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
subject to confiscation? Thoy decided that it could
not be without an act of Congress. That was the
question.
Mr. DAVIS. That does not vary the principle
I am contending for.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at all. I only wanted
to put the gentleman right as to the true state of
the case. That was the question.
Mr. DAVIS. The other question arose inci-
dentally, and was argued at great length, whether
the property was afloat or on land
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. There being a different rule of
law iii relation to confiscation of property upon
the sea or afloat and property on land. But the
principle there decided, and upon which I rely,
. is simply this: that the property declared to be
subject to confiscation by act of Congress, was
the property of an enemy then at war with the
United States, and therefoie, under international
law, was properly subjected to confiscation by an
act o-f Congress. In the other cases, the principle
decided was that if an American citizen is domi-
ciled in a foreign country,against which ourGov-
ernment declares war, at the time of the declaiation
of war, and he puts himself m motion to return
with his property to his country within reason-
able time, his property is exempt from capture
and confiscation; but if lie puts Ins property afloat
on the ocean for the purpose of trade, or if he is
absent himself from the enemy country and sends
to the enemy counti y to have his property brought
to the United States, in both states of the case the
Supremo Court decides that the property assumes
the character of enemy property, as though it be-
longed to the subjects of the nation with which wc
are at war, and is just as much subject to capture,
prize, and condemnation as if it were in fact and
bonaftde enemy property. So neither these cases
nor any other cases that have been decided by
the Supieme Court touch the question now under
consideration and involved in the bill. Every act
of Congress that has made piovission for captme,
for confiscation, for prize, and all the cognate acts,
are made in relation to n stale of war between the
United States and other nations, and in relation
to property that is owned by the subjects or citi-
zens ot other nations, or in relation to property
which is quasi owned by the subjects or citizens
of other nations. The question ho w far Congi ess
by law can confiscate the property of a citizen,
loyal or disloyal, except m cases of violation of
revenue laws, to which I will lefer presently, is
wholly unacted upon by Congiess in the passage
of tiny law or by the United States courts in their
decisions,according to my reading and researches.
The Government of the United States is more
excellent than all others, not only for its free and
popular character, but also for its written and
stable Constitution, which clearly enumerates,
defines, and limits all the primary and principal
powers of the Government, but separates them
into thtoc departments, and provides for the same
number of cuoidinate and independent bodies of !
magistracy toexeeutc the powcus assigned to each, i
Ifi this mode, it not only piovides against a dan- !
gerous concentration of power in the same hands, |
hut creates mutual cheeks and balances to prevent I
the usurpation or abuse of power. H is the fun- |
daiit'-iUul la w of our Government, and it is the bond
of union which binds the Slates together. It is
perpetual, and also immutable, except in the de-
libeiate and difficult mode which it prescribes lot-
us own alteration. The Ameucan people, acting by
States, utUfied and established it, and by its own '
pi ovision& made it, the laws of Congress, and the |
treaties of the United Stales, then, or to be there- ;
after made, the supreme law of the land, and the !
judges ofe very Slate to be bound thereby, anything ;
mtheir constitutions and law.-* to the contrai v not-
withstanding; and required the Senatoisand Hep- j
resentatnl's ot the United States, the members of '
the several State Legislatures, and ali executive
and judicial officei s, both of ih^ United States and ;:
of the several States, to be bound by oath or atfii in- 1;
ati on to suppoi tit. 1 fs authority is not only pai a-
mount, but it is continual, uniform, and uninter- ,
rupted; and there is no power that can suspend 1
or dispense with it. or any pari of it, except Coo-
gross may suspend 44 the privilege of the writ of •
habeas corpus, w hen in cases of rebellion or inva- '
sion the public safety may require u." Through- !!
out all the times of war and peace, its stable and -j
fixed authority and operation are without pause |i
or variableness. Its great founders never intended
that it should be thrown into a state of catalepsy
by the shock of war, or they would have so writ-
ten one of its provisions. They were too wise not
to know that its protection was nioie needed for
private right and public liberty in the midst of the
license and violence of war than in the passionless
calm and security of peace. They intended that
in our country it should refute forever the pusil-
lanimous concession of Cicero, which had been
so long received by the world as an aphorism,
" Leges silent inter arma." It is the bulwark of
American civil and religious liberty, and it is only
the enemies of both who seek its destruction by
open assault or by Machiavelian machinations.
When it falls, the liberties of our country will be
buried under its ruins.
This Constitution, in its own provisions, is all
the law, or is the source and authoiity of all the
laws which apply to the United States as a nation.
Congress may pass laws at large and in detail, or it
may, by general language, adopt other bodies of
law,as the common law, the civil law,international
law, the maritime law, the mercantile law, and
martial law. But whether any or all those bodies
of law be adopted by Congress or the Constitu-
tion, in their whole or part, each and every prin-
ciple of the bodies of the law so adopted, in con-
flict with any express principle or provision of the
Constitution of the United States, would fall before
the paramountauthority of that Constitution, and
be of no validity whatever m the United States.
If such conflicting principle or provision of any
bodies of law before referred to, was, in totidem
verbis. written in an act of Congress, no sensible
man would controvert the position that it would
be void and of no effect; and it being provided for j
m general and indefinite language, would add to |
the force of that truth. Many powers of Govern- j
ment, arising by implication under the Constitu- ;
tion, upon the principle that they were necessary j
and proper to carry into execution expressly del- >
egiued powers, would give rise to a difference of j
j opinion among able and good men. But there can
I be no such conflict where any power sought to be
j implied is expressly negatived by or plainly in-
j consistent with a written provision of the Consti-
| tution. That the implied right or power must
[ yield to that which is expressed, is (lie universal
i rule m giving construction to ali written instru-
ments; and especially it is so m construing the
Constitution, which the soveiei^n powei of this
countiy has declared and established to be " the
paramount Saw of the land."
The Constitution has provided for its own pro-
tection, preservation, and perpetuity, and for that
of the Government and the country. The prin-
ciples that all laws, State or national, in conflict
with it, are of no validity, and that all officers,
national or State, shall swear to support it, form
one ot Us great defenses, But it has other guards
and protections in otherexpiess provisions. They
aic distributed among the thiee depai tmcnts of
the Government, so that each body of its magis-
tracy has a part of the duty and icsponaibility of
this defense. Our ancestors wore too sagacious,
too jealous of power, and too true to liberty, to
intrust this wholly to one man, or even one body
of magistracy. I will read a number of those pro-
visions of the Constitution which are most appli-
cable to the present condition of the country, and
by authority of which the existing rebellion is to
be subdued:
"The Confess shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imports. «uid excises, ro pav the dobu- and provide
ioi the common defence of the SMicc;''
<kTo bonow money on the ereditot the United States
' J o d( tine and puni>h piracies and idmwo committed !
on the n!«li sea-., and otienset, against the laws, of nations;" !
idiso and Mippoit annie>,5* &e.;
" 'Jo piovide and maintain a nnvj I
" To make rub's tbi tin: go\ eminent and regulation of the !
land and m\al toiccs;" ~ '
'- To pi (Aide for calling forth the militia to cxccute. the laws !
ot the bnioH.swpjiremjisitnec/ious.and i<>pcl invasions I
'•To ptovide lot ois.uiumjr, arming, and (h-rjphiuiiirthe j
militia, and toi goveinnei <ueh part ofth'-m a& may he cm- ■
pi(j\ etl m the seivice of the United State-," See.; * I
I o make ali w hieh shaif be necetsaiy and proper j
foe can \ in;* into execution the foregone power.*?, and all i
othei pou ri^ve?K;d by this INnuamitiou in the Govern- i
ment ot the United Stare-, ot in any depaitment or officer !
thuirot.'' |
The Congre<> <ha!I have the powei to declaie the pun- I
Wunout ot itra-on ; but no aft,under of treason shal) H'ork 1
eon apt ion of blood ot foi I euuro, except dining the 1 lie o! the '
pel-son attainted." ' j
*;The United States shall guaiar.tyto cverj State in this '
onion a jepublican form ol government, and shall protect !
caeh of them against invasion, and on application of the
fiigiMatuic, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature can-
not be convened,) against domestic violence."
" The Presidentshall be Commander-in-Chief ofthe Aimy
and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the
several .States when called into the service of the United
States."
" The President shall have power to fill np ali vacancies
that may happen duung the recess of the Senate, bv grant-
ing commissions which shall expire attheendot their next
session,"
<fllc may, on extraordinary occasions, convene both
Houses of Congress, or either of them " he shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed," &c.
u The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as Con-
gress may from time to time ordain and establish."
u The judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and
equity arming under this Constitution, the laws of the Uni-
ted States," &c.
These clauscs of the Constitution embody and
confer all the power and authority that is pos-
sessed by the Government of the United States to
deal with the present rebellion. The duty and
power of self-defense are both devolved upon that
Government, but that self-defense must be made
by the means and in the mode prescribed by the
Constitution, as I have read from it,-and the laws
of Congress in conformity to it. The adoption of
any other mode or means would be a usurpation
of power which every citizen could rightfully re-
sist. Congress has power to declarc war against
foreign nations, but not against any of the States,
or any portion of the people of the Uniled States.
They form but one nation, and it is the duty of
the Government to defend not only all the States,
but every part, and every citizen of each of them.
If any State should be convulsed by domestic
violence, on being invoked by Us Legislature or
Governor, the Government of the United States is
bound to suppress it. The Constitution defines
what shall be treason against the United States.
Congress has passed a law to punish all poisons
guilty of that crime with death; and the courts are
leqmred to enforce that law against all persons
who shall have committed it, according to the
forms of judicial pioceedmgs. It is the duty of
the President to see that the laws are faithfully
executed. Courts and marshals are the magis-
tracy by which this office is ordinarily performed;
but there may be combinations of men so power-
ful as to baflle and defeat all their efforts to en-
foice the law. The President, in cases where it
is needful, inferposes, and assists them with a
portion or with the whole of the military and naval
power of the United States, of which he is tho
Commander-in-Chief. But the resistance may as-
sume the proportions of an insurrection, of a
great rebellion, as is now the fact; and the Presi-
dent may call forth the militia of the United States
to the utmost limit of numbers authorized by the
laws of Congress, and combine this military power
with the ordinary Army and Navy of the United
States, to subdue the insurrection. He may also
convene Congress in extraordinary session, and
that body may set in the field the whole military
population of the United States, sustained by all
their moneyed resources, under the President's
control as Commander-in-Chief, to enforce the ex-
ecution of the laws, to suppress the insurrection,
to crush the present stupendous rebellion.
But the whole war power of the Government is
vested by the Constitution exclusively in Con-
gress. Italone can declare warand may authorize
general hostilities, as against Great Britain in 18152,
or may limit them, as against France in 179d.
The President cannot raise and support armies,
or impose taxes, or borrow money, or make ap-
propriations to support them, or to conduct any
operation of Government. He cannot call out the
militia to execute " the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections, or repel invasions," except
so far as he is authorized by the laws of Congress.
Heissimply theCommander-in-Chiefof the Arm v
and Navy, and of the militia when in the service
of the United States; and as such, he is clothed
with no more authority, nor can he do any other
acts, than the senior general in the service of ihe
United States or any other citizen might, whom
the Constitution had dcsignatedas auchcommand-
er-m-chicf. In conducting war against a foreign
nation, suppressing domestic msurreet'onx, and
repelling invasions, lie is but the executive officer
of Congress, and always subject to its eontiol.
Indeed, the chief power and vigor of the Govern-
ment of the United Stales is not wiih the Presi-
dent but with Congress, and it has placed at his
disposition an army numerous as the hosts of
