THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL
PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d SebsiON.
TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1862.
New Series....,No, 171.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following; amendment:
•And he it farther enacted. Thai upon the passage ol tins
act. or as soon thereafter as practicable, a commission shall
be appointed in the manner heieinafter designated, to con-
sist of two Senators, two members of tile House of Rep-
resentatives, and two officers of the Navy, which commis-
sion shall make examination m respect to the mo-nelteible
place for the permanentlocation of rhe United States Navai
Academy, and that the said commission shall report the
result of its examinations to the President of the Senate
and Speaker of thp House of Representatives; and the
member? of the commission from the Senate shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the Senate, and those from the
House of Representatives by the Speaker of ihe Hou-e,
and those from the Navy by the President of the United
btates.
The question was put, and the amendment was
declared to be agreed to. •
Mr. POWELL. I call for a division.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator will not
call for a division now; I am as much opposed
to that amendment as the Senator is, ana when
the bill comes into the Senate, I intend to have a
division upon it.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, 1 offer the
following amendment:
*dtid.be it further enacted, That persons held to service or
labor commonly called slaves, shall not be employed in any
capacity whatever in any navy-yard, dock-yard, aisenal,
magazine, fort, or in the Naval Academy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended ♦
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES, I desire to except the amend-
mentproposed by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I except also the amend-
ment proposed by the Naval Committee, making
an appropriation for the Naval Academy at An-
napolis.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those two
amendments will be excepted.
Mr. LATHAM. It is quite evident that the
exceptions made will require a vote by yeas and
nays, and there is not a full Senate here.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator move an executive session ?
Mr. LATHAM. I was going to move that
this bill be laid aside informally, and that the
Senate go on with the Pacific railroad bill. We
can continue the discussion on that, and then go
into executive session.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to except the amend-
ment which was made on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. LATHAM. I move that this bill be laid
aside informally, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr, HALE. I suggest whether we had not
better take the vote on all the amendments which
have not been excepted. I think we had better
vote on all those amendments.
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection to that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no doubt there is a
quorum in the Capitol; I think there is or ought
to be, and it ought to be made known.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to suggest to the Sen-
ator that this vote can be taken without raising
that question.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I know it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
Does any Senator desire any other amendment to
be excepted from the genera! vote ? if no Senator
desires any other amendment to be excepted, the
question will be taken together on all the amend-
ments which have not been excepted.
The amendments were concurred in
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. LATHAM. Now I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. It. No. 364) to aid m the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cuie to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes.
171
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President-—
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
may as well go into executive session and dispose
of some cases as to which there is no controversy.
I move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. LATHAM. Ihopenot. It is very early,
and we can get through many amendments to this
bill to which there is no objection; we may make
some progress.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no set speech to make
on this bill. If the Senate is prepared to enter on
the consideration of this bill, I had the floor for
the purpose of making some remarks applicable
to amendments which were pending. If the Sen-
ate is ready to act on those amendments, I am
ready to go on.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest this to the Senator
from Maine: if he does not desire to go on, let the
bill be proceeded with, because there are a great
many amendments that will create no comment
whatever, and they might be acted on and some
progress made in the consideration of the bill.
Then, if there is any question on which he wishes
a division of the Senate, he can reserve his right
to call it up either after the bill is reported to the
Senate, or before it is reported.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts to proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
shall be able to do nothing to-day on this bill, and
I should like to have the Senate go into executive
session.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish the Senator from
Massachusetts would withdiaw that motion for a
moment to allow me to make a few remark? on a
question of privilege.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
LOYALTY OF DELAWARE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I perceive from reading
the proceedings of the House of Representatives
of yesterday, that a gentleman on the Committee
on Military Affairs of that body [Mr. Dun*nt, of In-
diana,] made a report in reference to the reimburse-
ment of certain citizens of the State of Delaware,
for expenses incurred by them in organizing mili-
tary companies on the first call of the President for
volunteers. That gentleman made some remarks
on the subject to the House of Representatives,
and they were accompanied by the reading of the
report from that committee, which does gross in-
justice to the State of Delaware, and to those who
were intrusted with the management of its civil
affairs. I believe it has been customary, on occa-
sions like this, to ask to be heard as a question of
privilege.
That report states, in substance, that upon the
issuing of the proclamation by the President, the
loyal citizens of the State called upon the Execu-
tive of Delaware to get him to convene the Legis-
lature for the purpose of arming and equipping
volunteers to respond to that call, and that the Gov-
ernor of the State refused to do so. The gentle-
man also charges in his speech:
uIt will be seen that when the Pre&identcalled upon the
State of Delaware forlicrquotaot noops at the commence-
ment of the present rebellion, the State organization was
mainly in the hands of persons opposed to the General Gov-
ernment, and that most of the military companies m the
State which weie armed were svmpatluzeis with tiie reb-
els."
The report states that there were no military
organizations m that State, except a few com-
panies which had been raised immediately after
the visitof Chancellor Dickerson, of Mississippi,
to the Legislature of Delaware, asking them to
] cooperate in the work of secession. The gentle-
man who made the report, who called it up for
consideration, and who made the speech, 1 pre-
sume would not intentionally misrepresent either
the officers of the State of Delaware or the people
of that State. Some person has imposed upon his
credulity. Now, sir, I ask the attention 6f the'
Senate for a moment while I state what were the
facts of the case; and Twill commence with the
visit of Chancellor Dickerson. The insinuation
in the report is that after Chancellor Dickerson *s
visit to Delaware, a few disloyal companies were
organized, and that the State government was in
the hands of disloyalists. To prove that that is
not true, I ask the attention of the Senate to a res-
olution passed by the Legislature of Delaware,
and voted for by every Democrat in the Legisla-
ture immediately after the close of Chancellor
Dickerson's address to the Legislature.
He was sent by the State of Mississippi to visit
our Legislature in order to induce them to joint
the other States of the South in the movement of
secession. They heard him; but on the very same
evening that was heard, and before the Legis-
lature adjourned, on the motion of Dr. Moore, a
Democratic member of the Legislature, a resolu-
tion was passed in the following words, and
unanimously passed by the Legislature of Dela-
ware:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Slate of Delaware in General Assembly met, That hav-
ing extended to the Hon. D. II. Dickerson, commissioner
from the State of Mississippi, the courtesy due to him as the
representative of a sovereign State of the Confederacy, as
well as to the State he represents, we deem it pioper and
due to ourselves and to the people of Delaware to express
our unqualified disapproval of the remedy for existing diffi-
culties suggested by the resolutions of the Legisiatuie of
Mississippi."
It will be perceived that this report, made by
the Military Committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and referred to by the gentleman whose
remarks I have quoted, does gross injustice to the
people of my State, and to the Legislature of my
State. Siie was the first State that put her seal of
condemnation upon the doctrine ofsecession, both
in reference to its principle and its policy.
One other word, and t shall close. This report
also says that it will be thus seen that the govern-
ment of the State of Delaware was in the hands
of those who were disloyal to the Government of
the United States. Sir, this charge of disloyalty
against individuals has become so common that
most persons now disdain even to notice it when
applied to themselves; but he is a reckless man in
his statements who will dare utter such a charge
against a State of this Union that has never in any
manner given aid or comfort to the States in revolt.
What was the fact, sir? There were some loyal
gentlemen of the State of Delaware who did make
the attempt to induce the Governor of the State to
convene the Legislature; but there were as many
loyal citizens, and members, too, of the Repub-
lican party, who opposed the calling of the Legis-
lature tog'-thei because they believed that many
of those advocating the call had other purposes
in view. The propriety of a stay law was sug-
gested; and many advocated, as it was believed,
thfi convening of the Legislature fer the purpose
of obtaining the enactment of a stay law in that
State; and many opposed the call upon thatground.
Others supposed that there was no pressing neces-
sity for the Legislature to convene.
Sir, let justice be done to that State and to every
State in the Union. What did the Governor of
the State of Delaware do when the President made
his call for troops? It so happened that we had
no general militia law in the State, but we had a
law authorizing the formation of volunteer com-
panies. The Governor of the State issued a proc-
lamation in response to the call of the President,
recommending persons to form themselves into
volunteer companies and informing them that by
repaitirtg to the city of Wilmington, a Federal offi-
cer would be found there who would muster them
into the service of the United States.
This is the whole statement. I rose to protest,
in behalf of my State, against a gross perversion
of the facts, I do not say intentional on the part
of the gentleman who made them, for I do notpre-
sume that he professed to have an y personal knowl-
edge of them, and I would not reflect therefore on
his character; but some person has most woefully
raposed upon his credulity.
