1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
order is Senate bill No. 175, to define the .pay
and emoluments of certain officer's of the Army.
Mr. SHRRVTAN. I hope that will be taken
up. It is legitimate business, and I hope it will
be acted on now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless the business on
hand is gone on with, I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to hill 2so. 151, " to confiscate the
property and free the skives of rebels," which I
conceive to be a \eiy impoitunt bill. A measure
of that kind is demanded by the country.' I sup-
pose it will take some time to act upon a bill of
that character; but I desire to bring it to the no-
tice of the Senate, and I have been waiting a num-
ber of days for an opportunity when, without
interfering with pressing matters, I could call at-
tention to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will mention another
bill which it is important to take up, and that is
the fortification bill which I reported yesterday.
It is a short bill, and 1 believe it will not take long.
I received a letter this morning from the Secretary
of War, inclosing one from the chief engineer say-
ing that it was very important that this bill should
be passed immediately.
Mr. GRIMES. I was only going to say a word
more, and then I presume this joint resolution
will be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before, the Sernue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make a distinct mo-
tion that we postpone all the other business until
we dispose of this joint resolution of the Senator
from New Hampshire. I find that by taking up
one thing and leaving it unfinished in this way
we accomplish veiy little.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I think the course sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois is the best.
The motion of Mr. Trumbull was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I was saying that the finding
of the retiring board met the approbation even of
Lieutenant Hunter. Otherwise than on account
of his ill health, I understand him to bo a veiy
excellent officer. I know nothing to his dispar-
agemcntjcithei personally or professionally. Cut
this finding was seven years ago. For seven years
he has been in private life enjoying leave pay,
whilst other officers, who were just below him,
have been performing arduousseadutjron foreign
stations, and the result of his restoration will be
tothiow him in over the heads of those officers
who have been for seven years living m the hope
of the very promotion which this bill will give to
him, and who, ill order to secure that promotion,
have been pet forming valuable services to the
country. That is one view of it
One other word I have to say. I do not know
whether the Senator from New Hampshire al-
luded lo it or not; but one argument that has been
urged to me in favor of the passage of this reso-
lution js that he desnvs to remain in the service
only during the present war. Instead of that being
an argument m his favor, it is an argument really
against him. Just below LieutenantHumer, we
have a great many very valuable officers who have
been performing valuable services for ihe eounliy
and who have been on the Iieutenants'list for mote
than thirty years until the commencement of this j
rebellion. They have r^achcd the age of foi ty- j
five or fifty years. They have been all the time j
in the senice. I have one of them now in my j
mind's eye who has been more than thirty yeais j
in the service, who is in command of one of the ;
noblest frigates in your service, who has maneu- j
vered it to the admuatjon of every nautical man on ;
this continent or any other continent—I allude to
the man now m command of the Wabash, in the
Port Royal expedition—who would be ranked by
Licutenant Hunter if he is thus uctoied. It is
pioposed to rank him dming the war sous to give
him a rank over Commander Rogeis, who is the
officer to whom I allude; and then ihe moment
the war is over, Mtei having enjoyed the advant-
ages of distinguishing lumseh, which we would
not give to Captain Rogers, Lieutenant Hunter
proposes to drop on!. As J said before, I have
no objection to Lieutenant Hunter. If it is the
wish of the Senate or of S"iiatois to ivstoie him,
I am content; but this will be the <. fleet of it upon
the navni ser\ ice.
Mr. THOMSON. Mr. tinner. as has been
stated by the Senator from New jlamp-duiv, im-
mediately upon the breaking out of the war,
offered his services to the Government. He is a
man of property, a man of family, very happy,
indeed, in his family relations; but above till
things in the world he esteemed it his duty to con-
tribute as much as in him lav for the maintenance
of the Constitution and the Union. He went out
as first lieutenant on board of the Montgomery.
He has served on that vessel for eight months
without losing a day, and has had most arduous
duties to perform in the Gulf. He returned a week
or ten days ago, and was then immediately ordered
back to take the command of the Montgomery, a
vessel in which he had been the first lieutenant.
This is a commander's command, and not a lieu-
tenant's command; and unless he were promoted
and restored to the active list he would be sub-
jected to the mortification of being oveiridden by
junior officers, which, as we all understand^is a
matter that naval officers are particularly sensitive
about. I have known this gentleman for a num-
ber of years, and I think his services during the
war will be very, very valuable to us. I think
the fact of his not being desirous of incumbering
the listof the Navy after his services shall not be
needed is a very great recommendation in his
favor, and not a disqualification, as seems to be
entertained by the Senator from Iowa.
The Senate of the United States, by a unani-
mous vote, and ihe House of Ropi esentatives, in
1860, adopted a joint resolution in almost pre-
cisely the same words, making allowance for the
difference of names, &c., in the ease of Lieutenant
Baldwin, who had been retired on account of ill
health, and who accjuiesccd in it at the time, but
who subsequently recovered his health, and was
sent out by the then Societal y of the Navy, Mr.
Toucey, as the executive officer of a vessel m the
Pacific. At the expiration of the year, a medical
survey was oidered and held on him, and they
leported that he had lost but a few hours during
the whole year. Thereupon, the President said
he thought he would restore him; but he was ad-
vised by the Secretary of the Navy that, under
the act creating the retiring board,he could not do
it without a joint resolution from Congress. A
joint resolution was prepaid!, and passed unani-
mously,and is precisely the same as the one which
is now offered. It is astonishing to sec how en-
tirely the case of Lieutenant Bald win corresponds
with the case of Lieutenant Hunter; and, with
the peimission of the Senate, I will read a few
passages from the repot t of the Committee on
Naval Affairs on that case:
" L.eutenant Baldwin was pi.iced on the rctn <'d h-t of ihe
Nnvj on lcaw oi'ab-rne;' p i\. on aecouut <>l'Mippo-.'il ph\
!i i -
Nnvj
jeal (ii-.ibiiirv 1<m tin: p.vi ioi m.m.'e <n
P. ildvvin \v;i-, it i-' Uin1, loi n tunc I
sitinn niisi, r: liom e\[v>: m e anil.haul
nm exposition undi'i t'api.un Wilkes
leoeivdm the bloi-louio and r;iptui"
fiom tliN lie hasL'iiiiieJj lermviri'
the aetivn h-t of the Navy hv tlr
and is now beiviuj; a- lust licun'i
oft lie lias-ship 1
appointed fii-t lieutenant
dune-at sea. .Mi
under indi-po-
i dm v m tlio evp'or-
, and" horn a wound
<>l VnaCm/. l>ut
and iia- been pined on
v o! tlie Nav),
nt ami * V cuiivc olikei
,h ilio station. lie was
nd e\oeiHive otVieei ofthatflnp
. because the label jous <iu I ie- ul the ol]i'*f> would tOvt to Ti)C
I utmo-tli:- aluhty to di-eli.ii".* lindanes ethei^nlly
\ as well a- a-iioie. This now has boeiidone; and atiei a
• \uai\ haul sei \ice, dniinij all oi wlneli un;e l:e has nevei
i W one day tioin dun, a boaid of mii-k-ou-, oukiod fx-
: pws-dv foi tlie puiprwo hv the Mavj Department. on t.x*
; -29ih of Maicl), 1 fco9, icpoit'Ml- 'That they comm,lei that
Lieutenant A. S. Baldwin i< plu-ieallv eapable oi pi-irona-
hi- dune- on rdioio and adorn, and t'as.-. opinion i oon-
fumc'd L>\ the fact that lie ha:, attended to all In-- dune on
br au\ t\m $-lup «naee ioaures bei. -unie ten niont.is aero, ex
cent oil one oefv-ion I'M a lew limn-.'
•4 It was the de-iaii of ih" .\avy Impairment in ml'ins
thi<- offieei into actor soivic a'-fi;--r n.-nt'-niuv. a
5-lnp. thet. U lin ability should l-vunrit<>\vn
r iiit Jt, In' should be pep.ian^nti} if .-toied i  that !i = f ^
the Srncrai v oi the N.uv now doubts tii<~ powci ol t.ie
Pi c adei.L umha the aet ot Januaiv lo, ^"<7, io ; e-roie him
without nulla i legs-lauw a*'d t'ui? to do a n..i| ie
t of ju-tico to a'nio-t m<*i .tom-u- od'cM, it ha- b. cuiiie
ii.-ci'^aiy to adopt tlie u^olution aejotnpanyinsr tli^ le-
poit.;"
It will be pereeivcd from this tha! ihe two eases
are almost parallel, and i do hope the joi*<t reso-
lution Will ho passed.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am acquainted with this
ease. I know the man and 1 know the circum-
stances, and I do not think that u mom nento-
nous case for restoiation has ever he-m presented
I- fore the Senate. Lieoti nant Hunter is the son
i Hunter, who was f<>rmi 'ly a d.^'m-
of \Villia
O-ll 1 '
«d
n-.'^ljor of' tin < ho'.Iy. ar.f
U Shazil. He graduate
el \v.
. ,U
at
E'.ut
mn . .. -   - - , t
Ku. juriipst rl.iss of niiOblu^nion that liau cvi rbecn
passed, for It was before they graduated at the
Siival School, "his health brolfe down in conse- !j will be gained by that
quence of exposure in the service. When he
found himself physically unable to perform the
duties of li is commission, he did not desire to force
himself upon the list of the Navy, find he will-
ingly accepted the decision of the retiring board.
When Ihe country needed his services, when this
war broke out, he volunteered at once. Ho would
have volunteered sick or well; but he was per-
fectly well,and he has rendered very efficient ser-
vices. He has now been put by the Navy De-
partment in a command which corresponds with
the rank to which the committee have asked that
he may be restored. I hope that the resolution
will pass.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. FOOT. On Friday last the Senate had
under consideration a report and resolution from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, in respect to the
purchase of vessels for the use of the Government
by the Navy Department. I had designed, and
desired at the time, to submitsome remarks upon
that question, but yielded to a motion to proceed
to tlie consideration of an appropriation bill. If
there bo no other business deemed more important
and pressing at this time for the consideration of
the Senate, it would be quite convcnientand agree-
able to me to have that resolution and report
taken up at this time and to submit my own views
upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are two appropri-
ation bills upon the table, both of which are very
pressing. In regard to one of them, as I stated
before, 1 have received a note from the Secretary
of War this morning-, stating that it was import-
ant it should be passed immediately. I allude to
the fortification bill.
Mr. FOOT. I shall make no motion that igill
be in the way of the appropriation bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is also another
measuie, the Tieasury note bill, which has been
laid on our tables, which is very pressing. I
should be willing to take that bill up to-day, if it
will be perfectly''satisfactory to all gentlemen, and
it can be disposed of.
Mr. FOOT. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COLL AMER. The chaii man of the Com-
mittee on Finance calls attention to the Treasury
note bill which has been laid upon our tables. I
wish to say to him that I desire to be heard on
that bill, but I am not piepaied to go 011 at this
moment. I shall be ready to-morrow, if that will
be HatixCctoiy to him. If able, I will pursue what
1 have to say to-morrow at an early hour; but_I
have not had time to read ihe bill, which has this
moment been laid on our tables. I never read
even the House hill. I never saw itas it passed.
In the shape 111 which it is now, with the amend-
ments that are proposed to it by the committee, I
have just tins moment received it, and I hope the
[Senator will noL press that motion to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon the Chair. Did the Senator from Maine
submit a motion >
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mentioned two bills;
and 1 will now submit a motion in regard to one
of them. 1 said that there were two bills on the
table, both of which were of very pressing im-
nortance. I wasawaie that the Treasury note bill
hail just been laid on the tables of .Senators; and
as it contains new and iinportontprovisions which
1 Scnatois would undoubtedly like to look at, I do
not know, especially as the Senator from Vcrmont
oaves notice that he will want to speak to-moiiow
upon it, and will not be ready to-day and 1 merely
stale tins as a reason for not calling it up at this
moment—that anything would be gauvd m point
of time by urging it to-day; and I am willing that
I It shall go over until to-moirow. In the mean
S| time, I hope Senators wdl look at it, and be pre-
|i pared, if they have anything to say upon it, to
!I say it then; for I must give notice that when it is
] taken up to-morvow. I shall insist on finishing it
| before we adjourn. I hope there Will be no sort
! nfoi'iertion to that being done by any member or
1 ti,e slmnv. but that we shall be willing to settle
' the matter definitely to-morrow. I may, as it is,
; at a later Lour of the day,call it up, when gemle-
men have looked at it, although, perhaps, no time
My experience ts, that
