1882.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Nugen.
Ho. of Reps.
this at once explains the reason why its passage is
urged so earnestly by certain eastern gentlemen
from sections interested in the manufacture of iron.
A proposition made by my colleague [Mr. Cox]
to buy the iron in the cheapest market for railroad
iron of the desired kind, was voted down by the
friends of the bill. Thus it is that nearly every
measure in Congress that is of any advantage to
any section is framed with a view of advancing the
interests of the East in a special manner; whether
it be tariffs, tax bills, railroad bills, fortifications,
Government contracts, or what not, the eastern
States are sure to have the " lion's share." And
I have no doubt our eastern friends will do all in
their power to consummate their measures, while
tliey have their allies in the West who are con-
tent with the " negro" for their shave of the ben-
efits of the Government; and that the war will be
prolonged, if necessary, until they shall have se-
cured the success of their enterprises.
But I am traveling with my remarks outside of
the course I had intended to pursue. I was pro-
ceeding to notice some of the apparent changes of
the policy and sentiments of the Republican party
within the last six months on the subject of inter-
vention on the part of the General Government
with the institution of slavery. As a further evi-
dence of a decided change in what appeared to be
the policy of the dominant party up to the time
the present session began, it will be remembered
that shortly after the commencement of the ses-
sion, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
offered a resolution reaffirming the " Crittenden
resolutions," passed so unanimously in July last;
but this House refused to pass the resolution.
The proposition was laid on the table. And when,
at a later day, I offered a resolution declaring that,
" in the judgmentof the House, no partoftlie ap-
propriations now or hereafter made, nor of the
taxes now or hereafter laid, should be used in
carrying on a war for the purpose of emancipa-
tion," it met with a similar fate—those voting to
lay on the table being all Republicans, and those
voting against laying on the table being all Dem-
ocrats and gentlemen from the border slave States.
I thought my resolution a very fair one; and that
since there had been so much said on the subject
of emancipation during thesession, if the majority
of the House were opposed to making the war
one for that purpose, they would unhesitatingly
adopt it; and that while Congress was appropri-
ating money to the amount, for the past year, of
$491,445,984 11, which is the amount of the public
debt up to May 29, 1862, and since it was pro-
posed to levy a direct annual tax upon the coun-
try of over one hundred millions of dollars, it was
due to the great mass of the people who, in my
judgment, are opposed to all these emancipation
schemes, that they should have some assurance
as to the manner in which their money was to be
applied. For, as I have already said, while the
people of the country will, as I believe, cheerfully
contribute all that they have to support the Gov-
ernment, they will not willingly, in a time of gen-
eral depression and distress, cheerfully submit to
a tax on their property which is approximating
to its value, and hand over to the tax gatherer
their last dollar, to be carried to the Federal cap-
ital, one portion to be distributed among an army
of officers and Government contractors, and the
residue applied in keeping an army in the field
that these contractors may continue to plunder the
Treasury, and the abolition sentiment be vindi-
cated. Much as they may be opposed to the in-
stitution of slavery, they will not cheerfully suffer
such sacrifices as they are about to be called upon
to make, when neither the black nor the white race
will be benefited thereby, and when the object of
these privations and sacrifices is that of violating
the organic law of the Government, instead of
sustaining it, as was the declared object at the
beginning of the war.
I was struck with much astonishment at the
remarks made by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] in the course of an able speech
which he delivered in the early part of the session.
I knew that gentleman was radical in his opinions,
but I did not think that he or any other gentleman
would publicly announce the sentiments which
he did on that occasion. In the course of his re-
marks he used the following language:
"The nation is greater than the Constitution, because it
New Series—No. 16.
made the Constitution. We had a country before we had
a Constitution, and at all hazards we must save it. Tile
Constitution was made for the people, not-the people for tlie
Constitution. Cases may arise in winch patiiotism itself
may demand that we trample under our feet some of the
most vita! principles of the Constitution."
The gentleman is entitled to great credit for can-
dor of statement, but not, in my judgment, for
sound logic. The fact that the nation, or the
people who comprise it, through their delegates,
framed the Constitution, which was afterwards
ratified by the States, does not authorize Con-
gress, which is the creature of the Constitution,
to violate that instrument while it remains in force
as the organic law of the land. The people of the
nation having adopted the Constitution as it is, are
bound by its provisions until they amend it in the
manner therein provided for, or by common con-
sent annul it. But in no case, while it is in force,
can a majority of the people, assuming to be the
nation, violate the national compact to the injury
of the humblest citizen. While it may be true
that the nation is greater than the Constitution, it
follows, on the same principle, that the Constitu-
tion is greater than Congress or either of the de-
partments of Government which the Constitution
has called into existence; and neither Congress
nor any other departmentof Government can ex-
ercise powers not authorized by that instrument
which is the "source of their being."
If it be admitted that either of the departments
of Government have the right, in a particular in-
stance, to disregard the Constitution, because in
the opinion of some organization of men, over-
zealous in a particular cause, a military necessity
requires the exercise of unconstitutional powers,
the same necessity may constitute an excuse for
the most flagrant and oft-repeated violations of the
Constitution and abuses of power by the officers
of Government, when their personal interest or
that of their friends prompts them to their com-
.mission; and in the end all constitutional, as well
as natural rights, will be at the disposal of our
rulers; and instead of having a Constitution and a
Union to vindicate, wo shall find ourselves with-
out hope for the future, serving no other purpose
than that of sustaining those in power who arc
trampling upon the rights which were handed
down to us by the patriots of the Revolution.
I know whenever the slavery question arises
there is a disposition to pass lightly over all such
considerations as I have indicated; but if viola-
tions of the Constitution are permitted, they will
not stop with measures connected with the insti-
tution of slavery, but the same gross violations,
under the same plea, will extend to all the opera-
tions of the Government upon all subjects. I
cannot, therefore, consent to any plain infractions
of the Constitution under any plea whatever.
Although I might not be disposed to cavil about
the exercise of doubtful constitutional powers
when the exercise of such powers were required
for the public welfare, yet I have not thus far seen
the necessity of Congress or the Executive ex-
ercisingany powers for the emancipation of slaves,
if by any reasonable construction of the Consti-
tution they may do so; and in my humble judg-
ment no such power can be exercised by either
over any of the slaveholding States of the Union.
But it is unnecessary to argue the question of
power over the States as heretofore understood
by all parties. 1 have already referred to the
resolution of the 11th of February, 1862, sup:
ported by every Republican member of Congress,
not even excepting the notorious gentle man from
Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] who is so well known for
his radical views on this subject.
I might also refer to the following resolution
offered about the same time by Mr. Palmer, of
New York, a Republican, and supported by the
entire Republican delegation present in the House
at the time:
"Resoled, That neither the Federal Government nor the
people or governments of the non-slaveholdims States have
a purpose or a constitutional right to legislate upon or in-
terfere with slavery in any of the States of the Union  
In addition to these resolutions, we have had the
declarations of the leaders of the Repu blican party,
upon all occasions since its organization, that they
had no intention of interfering with the institutions
of any of the States; that it was to the extension
of slavery that the opposition of the party was
raised, and notagainst it where it already existed.
Those who are now in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment denied the truth of those declarations.
They charged thai, the party was insincere in
making them; that the party being based upon the
"one idea"—that of hostility to slavery—its ob-
ject was to get control of the Government by these
promises of non-intervention, and then bring the
whole power of the Government to bear against
the institution wherever it existed, and " that the
only safety of the slaveholders was to seize their
portion of the public arms and public property,
that these might not be used in sustaining and
waging a war against them and their institutions."
Those Republican leaders denied those charges,
and the resolutions to which I have referred were,
perhaps, intended as further evidence of their sin-
cerity. It is to be lamented, however, that these
resolutions, as well as all other measures looking
to a peaceful adjustment of our difficulties, were
withheld until the Gulf States had withdrawn and
had a government of their own in operation. A
heavy responsibility rests upon those who trifled
until the last moment with events that were to de-
termine the fate of thirty millions of people. I be-
lieve the people of the country and posterity will
hold the men responsible who, having the power
to propose and aMopt measures for conciliation
with the South, sneered at their complaints until ■
the time for conciliation had gone.
But what I have to say in regard to the proposed
measures of emancipation is, that when they are
adopted they will confirm the charges made and
the distrust expressed by those who are now in
rebellion against the Government; and not only
will the people of the South be confirmed in their
belief of the insincerity of this party, but the peo-
ple of the whole country will be brought to the con-
clusion that such was the policy of the party from
the beginning, and that they have secured power
by false pretenses. The pledges made to the people
by this party are too fresh in their recollection
to be so soon forgotten.
" The Government has been restored as it was"
with a vengeance. Instead of peace, harmony,
and general prosperity, we have war, revolution,
and general bankruptcy. Instead of freeing the
Government of peculations and frauds, we have
them increased a hundred fold. The Treasury is
bleeding at every pore by the depredations of
Government contractors and unfaithful officials.
" Homes for the homeless," were among th.e
pletJgee of the pnrty, but there seems to have been
a condition that those who receive them shall serve
three years in the Army, fighting for them before
enjoying them.
But these are results which may not have in-
tentionally been brought about, at least not by the
President, who, no doubt, would gladly have had
his administration a more prosperous one. But
they are results which were foretold years ago by
the Democratic party, m the event of the success
of a sectional candidate to the Presidency. The
Republican party sneered at these predictions, and
denounced those who made them as "Union
savers" and "Union croakers," scoffing at the
idea of an attempt to disrupt the Union. Time
has shown who was right and who was wrong in
their views of policy. Let facts speak for them-
selves. Wehave the results before us, and let each
man judge for himself as to where the respons-
ibility rests.
But to return to the subjects of confiscation and
emancipation, which are frequently used as syn-
onymous, but which are very distinct—confisca-
tion meaning to apply to the use of the public
Treasury, emancipation being the act of liberating
those in bondage. The motive in blending the
two subjects together is, no doubt, to carry eman-
cipation, which is the absorbing idea with gentle-
men on the other side of the House, under the head
of" confiscating the property of rebels." Eman-
cipation and confiscation are so distinct that it is
entirely useless to consider them in the same bills.
No one seriously proposes to sell the negroes of
rebels and place the proceeds in the public Treas-
ury, which would be the only way of confiscating
them. This would be recognizing them as prop-
erty, which I am quite sure our Republican friends
will never do.
It has been said by gentlemen on the other side
of the House, that those who refuse to support
bills for the emancipation of the slaves of rebels,
