740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
nothing is really gained by calling up a bill of this
importance before Senators have had a chance to
examine it; and we shall be just as likely to finish
it to-morrow, after it has been thoroughly exam-
ined , as we should be by taking it up to-day before
that examination has been given to it. I must
repeat to Senators, however, that I trust there will
be a disposition on both sides of the Senate, if we
take it up to-morrow, to finish it to-morrow; be-
cause Senators must be aware of the pressing
necessities of the Treasury, and of the import-
ance of finishing this bill this week. If we should
happen to differ with the House upon any import-
ant particulars, it must go back there; and very
possibly we shall have a committee of conference,
and it will be as much as we can do to get it
through during the working days left after to-
morrow—Thursday and Friday. If I do not call
it up to-day, but defer it until to-morrow, I hope
Senators will understand, and not think me un-
reasonable in urging that it be taken up then at
an early hour, in place of all other business, and
be proceeded with until it is finished. I will now
move to take up the fortification bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 156) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 18G3, and
additional appropriations for the year ending the
30th of June, 1862.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with two amendments. The fust amendment was
to insert after line thirteen, on page 2, the follow-
ing:
For continuation of works at Fort Scammc!, Portland
harbor, Maine, $7o30U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Jihe next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following as an additional section:
*bec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following sum
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Trcasuiy not otherwise appropriated, tor the fiscal
years ending Juno 30, 1862, and June 30, I«(53:
For the erection of temporary wot to in Maine, la ease a
war with any maritime Tower should be deemed so immi-
nent as, in the judgment of the Piusident to rcmiei the
expenditure of the same, or any part thereof, advisable,
$550,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment which is offered by the
Committee on Finance by inserting at the end of
the amendment the following;
For the cicctlon of temporary works at Narracanscttbay,
fn ease a war with any maritime Power should bo deemed
so Imminent as, Inthe judgment of the President, to tender
the expenditure of the same, or any pan thereof, advisable,
$200,000.
I move this amendment with the consontof the
Committer on Military Affairs, and I hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDE-N. I suppose there tiro par-
ticular reasons for it,
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and also the Sen-
ator from Maine, in regard to this thiid section,
whether these are to be stone fortifications that
arc to defend the harbors and coasty against a for-
eign enemy; and, if so, how long it'will take to
build them, and what, advantage they would be to
us if we did have this maritime war which scums
to be anticipated ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain the mean-
ing of the amendment moved by the Committee
on Finance, which confines the appropriation to
Maine; and [suppose an explanation equally sat-
isfactory will be given with legard to the others.
This is made in pursuance of a lecommendation
from the War Department, from the chief engi-
neer, in the first place, to the Sccietary of War,
and transmitted by him to me as chairman of the
Committee on Finance, to be inserted in this bill.
Hrhe reason is simply this: when it was supposed ,
there was some danger of a war with England in j
consequence of the complications with that Power,
it led at once to the consideration of our coast de-
fenses. Thccoastof Maine was found to be totally !
unprotected; tor,athough we have some fortifica- I
lions there, none of them are adequate to the object
of defense. The harbor of Portland, and Portland !
itself, the city wlicie L reside, is understood and i
admitted lobe one of the most important strategic
points in the country. Xt is the terminus of The
Atlanticand St. Lawi ence railroad, which is a part
of what is called the Grand Trunk railroad, lead-
ing to Montreal and (Quebec, and thence through
to the West. It is the only access to Canada, in
fact, in the winter season, except overland through
the British Provinces, a march attended with very
great difficulties. We had reason to believe at the
time that, in case of a difficulty with England, it
was understood there that Portland was to be
taken possession of immediately, and there would
have been no power whatever to prevent it. It is
a point that would be equally important to either
of the belligerent Powers in such a case. It has
one of the very best harbors in the country, afford-
ing anchoragc for any number of vessels of almost
any burden. It affords facilities which a mari-
time Power at war with us could not and would
not overlook. Its situation and everything con-
nected with it are perfectly understood in Europe.
We have steamers coming to and fro once a week,
I believe, now at the present time from Europe.
Itis capable of being madea perfect Gibraltar with
very little expense. That involves, however, the
erection of temporary works upon some point on
the islands. We have fortifications in the harbor
which, continued as they might be, in the course
of a very short time might be rendered effective
to prevent the landing of troops, but would not
be sufficient to prevent the shelling of the city.
There are other points that are also very im-
portant. Congress has authorized the erection
of a fortification at the mouth of the Kennebec
river, which commands the whole valley of the
Kennebec running through our State; and another
at the Narrows, so called, in the Penobscot river,
also one of our great tiibutarics to the occan; and
there arc some minor points. It is recommended
by the engineer department that, in case a war
should threaten, the department should be put in
a position, by the erection of temporary work.s,
to defend three or four important points on that
coast. The particular amount which is put in
here is according to the specifications of the en-
gineer department to accomplish that purpose.
That is the simple statement with regard to the
amendment. The money is not to be expended,
except in case of that urgent necessity which is
contemplated by the provision drawn as it is in
the bill. If Senators wish for any fin ther explana-
tion, I will only state that, when the matter first
came to be considered, it addressed itself to the
Department with very great force, and a couple
of officers were dispatched immediately, an engi-
neer o-fficer and an ordnance officer, to make ex-
aminations and decide what it would be necessary
to do; and this recommendation is the result of
their examination.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment offered by
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
is in accordance with the estimates and specifica-
tions of General Totten, the head of the Engineer
Bureau, who is perfectly familiar with the whole
region there, who constructed Fort Adams, and
who has surveyed the whole ground. In case of
any trouble with a maritime Power, everybody
knows that the very first place on our coast to be
seized will be Nanagansett bay; because its un-
rivaled excellence as a harbor, and iu facility of
access in any wind and in any weather, renders
it valuable alike to us and to the enemy; and its
being situated midway between Boston and New
York, would enable an enemy to command the
whole coast to a very large extent, and do infinite
injury to us. These works that are proposed are
to be temporary in their nature—earthworks, of
course—and are not to be erected, unless m the
opinion of the President the danger shall be so
imminent as to render it necessary. I think there
can be no objection to iton the partofany Senator
who would desire to have the country defended.
Mr. G RIMES. 1 thought that Poi t Royal and
Fort Henry had pretty well demonstiated that
earthwoiks were not of much value against ships
of war. I think jf they have not demonstrated
it, it will be demonstrated before the next thirty
days. What I want to ask the Senator from
Maine is this: I see that there are §075,000 appro-
priated elsewhere in the bill, besides this amend-
ment, for the defense of the harbor of Portland,
and ^150,000 for the Narrows at Penobscot river.
Nov/, is it possible for the Department to expend
more than that amount before we can have an op-
portunity or be called upon to make additional
appropriations ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That embraces appro-
priations for the whole of the next fiscal year up
to July, 1863, and the remainder of the present
fiscal year up to July. It will be very easy for
them to expend it in that time.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do not see how they can do
it with advantage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not like the character
of this appropriation. It is an appropriation made
" in case a war with a maritime rower should be
deemed so imminent as in the judgment of the
President to rendei the expenditure of the same or
any part thereof advisable, $550,000." Now, sir,
Congress is in session, and will be in session, most
likely, until the end of this fiscal year; and this
way of legislating on the hypothesis that we are •
to have a war with some maritime Power, it seems
tomc,isbadlegislation. Ido not think we ought
to legislate on any such assumption. I know that
among European Governments when one nation
begins to arm it is a cause of offense to another;
and the very way to get into difficulty, the very
way to bring on a war, or bring on personal col-
lision between individuals is this proclaiming in
advance what you are going to do if the difficulty
arises. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil there-
of.5' If it is not intended to use this money un-
less there is imminent danger of a war with some
maritime Power, Congress is herein session, and
when that danger arises, we can make an appro-
priation m a day. We have a rule now by which
we can go into secret session at any time; and I
assure the Senator fiom Maine that he can pass a
bill through here appiopriating any amount of
money that may be necessary to defend the sea-
coast when the crisis arrives. I would prefer that
such an appropriation, for the cause specified,
should not be made. If there is a necessity for
this appropriation, make it absolute; but to throw
out the intimation in the bill that is thrown out
here, I do not think looks well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my friend is a
little hard pushed for a reason by which to oppose
this amendment. If the objection he has stated,
that making appropriations for the defense of the
country creates difficulty, is a good one, we may
as well abandon all our appropriations for making
fortifications and all our appropriations for build-
ing ships of war. We have only to say: " It will
not do to make these large appropriations for
building ships of war and for constructing forti-
fications. M Why? " Because some European
Power will take offense; they will think we are
going to war with them, and we shall get into diffi-
culty at once/5 All these appropriation's are pred-
icated upon precisely the same ground, whether
they are made to be expended more deliberately
or are made to be expended iu a hurry. Now,
sir, I have no fear of that. There is no danger, in
the present state of things, that we shall be looked
upon as having any particular reference to a war;
that is to say, of waging war ourselves; but no
man can conceal from himself that, situated as we
are, we may at short hand be in a very critical
condition. We'have found ourselves%o once
when we were wholly unprepared for it. Shall
wc learn nothing from experience? Our difficul-
ties with the South, the confederate States, as they
are called, out of which complications arise that
may get us into trouble with European Powers,
exist to-day as they have done heretofore. They
have led us already to the brink of a precipice;
they may lead us there again.
Then the question arises, shall we prepare in
season by arming the Executive, or shall we wait
till the occasion conies'1 That is ali there is of
it. Shall we wait till the very moment when
Congress becomes satisfied that difficulties must
arise? It will then be too late. The truth is, sir,
we must in sueh cases lodge discretion some-
where. I do not know, nor can my friend from
Illinois know, what difficulties may be now brew-
ing. They may be known to the executive gov-
ernment long before they are known to us, be-
cause the Executive has communications thatgive
him the information which we have not. We
gather hints from newspapers, which perhaps are
as often calculated to mislead as to inform our
minds. We would not act unon.those. There
may be a necessity m the mind of the Executive,
long before we have the intelligence, quietly to be
making preparations for the defense of the coun-
try; and it is much better that we should make
the appropriations now, when nothing threatens,
and put the power into the hands of the Govern-
ment, than wait till a time when, if we make them,
