2722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
- - EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. _ I now re-
new my motion for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to'the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 16, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved .
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of War, transmitting
a communication from the chief of ordnance, rec-
ommending a reorganization of the enlisted force
of the ordnance department; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. PKTITI0NS and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate resolutions of the Common Council of New
York in favor of the passage of a bill for the en-
largement of the Erie canal for military purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a copy of the general laws, joint resolu-
tions, and private laws, passed at the first session
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Colorado, begun and held at Denver, September
9,1861; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of women
of Massachusetts, praying Congress to take steps
for the total extinction of slavery; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. KING presented a petition of merchants
of New York, praying for the passage of a uni-
form bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
report from a committee.
Mi*. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Isaac R. Dillcr,of Illinois, late United States
consul at the port of Bremen, Germany, praying
reimbursement of private funds spent by him and
forextra services, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 356) to provide for the settlement
of the accounts of Isaac R. Diller, late consul at
Bremen; which was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the papers of
George MvDougal, and that they be referred to the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
consul at 12atavia,
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
directed to inquire into the sufficiency of the salary of the
consul of the United State.-, at Batavia, and that the said
committee repoit by bill or otherwise.
He also submitted a paper on the subject; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
bills become laws.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secre-
tary, announcing that the President had approved
and signed, on the 14th instant:
An act (S. No. 302) to protect the property of
Indians who have adopted the habits of civilized
life.
And on the 16th instant:
An act (S. No. 279) providing for the selection
of jurors to serve in the several courts in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridgi;, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 2) for the relief of J, J, Lints;
A bill (No. 321) to indemnify certain citizens
of the United States, residing in the State of Dela-
ware, for expenses incurred by them in defense
of the United States;
0 A bill (No. 428) for the relief of the president
and directors of the Panama Railroad Company;
A bill (No. 429) granting a pension to Herman
J. Ehle;
A bill (No. 430) for the relief of Amanda Batts,
Laura P. W. Young, and Betsy Murdock, heirs
of Barbara Walker;
A bill (No. 431) for the relief of Zina Williams;
A bill (No. 432) for the relief of Commodore
Hiram Paulding;
A bill (No. 443) for the relief of Colonel Joseph
Paddock;
A bill (No. 449) for the relief of the assistant
surgeons, medical cadets, sisters of charity, and
servants, sufferers by the burning of the Wash-
ington Infirmary, on the night of November 3,
1861;
A bill (No. 464) to pay the band of the fifteenth
regiment of Illinois volunteers; and
A bill (No. 478) for the relief of certain of the
crew of the ship Nightingale.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 343) to provide additional medical offi-
cers of the volunteer service, with amendments; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 2) for the relief of J. J. Lints—to the
Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 321) to indemnify certain citizens of
the United States residing in the State of Delaware
for expenses incurred by them in defense of the
United States—to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
A bill (NO. 428) for the relief of the president
and directors of the Panama Railroad Company
—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 429) granting a pension to Herman
J. Ehle—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 430) for the relief of Amanda Batts,
Laura P. W.Young, and Betsy Murdock, heirs of
Barbara Walker—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 431) for the reliefofZma Williams—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 432) for the relief of Commodore
Hiram Paulding—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A bill (No. 448) for the relief of Colonel Joseph
Paddock—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 449) for the relief of the assistant
surgeons, medical cadets, sisters of charity, and
servants, sufferers by the burning of the Wash-
ington Infirmary, on the night of November 3,
1861—to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
A bill (No. 464^ to pay the band of the fifteenth
regiment of Illinois volunteers—to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 478) for the relief of the crew of
the ship Nightingale—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
additional medical officers.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 343) to provide for additional
medical officers of the volunteer service, which
were to add the following as additional sections
to the bill:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted,T\\%\ the office of brig-
ade surgeon be and the same is hereby abolished, and the
officers of that coips shall be hereafter designated surgeons
of volunteers, and shall m all other respects be put upon
the same footing as to lank, pay, and emoluments with the
surgeons provided for by the first section of this act.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be U further enacted, That theie shall be
added to each volunteer regiment now m the service an
assistant suigeon, to be appointed according to the existing
law<? of the several {States providing for the appointment
of legirnentai surgeons: Provided, That the surgeons ap-
pointed under this act rJnill be under foity years of age.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Allans.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
had better act on those amendments now.
Mr, LATHAM. Move to nonconcur, then,
and ask for a conference.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am forthe
first amendment of the House.
Mr. KING. Ifthe Senator willallow me, I sug-
gest that it would be better to let the subject lie
over until to-morrow morning. These are pretty
important amendments.
Mr. WILSON1, of Massachusetts. They are
important amendments, and, in my judgment, it is
very important that they should be passed upon
as speedily as possible. Still, I have no particu-
lar objection to the subject being referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I am satisfied that -
the amendment of the House of Representatives
abolishing brigade surgeons is the most reforma-
tory measure that can be adopted by the Congress
of the United States. We have had a remarkable
illustration of it within the last forty-eight hours.
We had several hundred wounded men brought to a
particular point, and the surgeon was telegraphed to
provide means for their comfort. lie telegraphed
that he had nothing, and could get nothing. He was
then ordered to send them to this city, and report
himself here under arrest. A portion of them were
sent to this city, and when the surgeon reported
himself under arrest he furnished the peremptory
orders of the brigadier general that the medicines
of the Government should not be dealt out to those
wounded men because they did not belong to his
brigade, forbidding his own brigade surgeon from
doing it. I will only say thatifit is considered ne-
cessary to refer the bill and amendments to a com-
mittee,! have no objection to that being done; but
I regard the amendments as of vital importance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill and amend-
ments will be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
appropriation foe volunteers' bounty.
Mr. HOWE. I submit the following report
from a committee of conference, which 1 send to
the desk.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report, as
follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. It. No.
413) making appropriations for the payment of the bounty
authorized by the sixth scction of an act entitled "An act
to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid m enforc-
ing the laws and piotectmg public propeity," approved
July 22,1861, and for other purposes^ having met, after full
and ftee conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House lecede from their disagreement to the
Senate's first amendment, and agieetothe same with an
amendment, as follows : In line two of said amendment,
alter the word " employ," strike out the word u twenty,"
and insert " fifteen atter the word 44 class," in the third
line of said amendment, add the following words : '■'and five
clerks of the second classand in line five of said amend-
ment strike out the word "four," and insert " five;" so that
it will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to employ
fifteen additional clerks of the first class and five cleiks of
the second class, for the purpose of increasing temporarily
the clerical force iu the office of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and that the sum of $25,000 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money m the Treasury not otheiwise appropri-
ated, for the compensation of said cleiks for the fiscal jear
ending June 30, 1863.
That the House concur in the second amendment of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The report was concurred in.
The Secretary continued to read^as follows:
The committee furthei recommend that the second para-
graph of the fust section of the bill be amended as follows—
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand that report has
been adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is under
a misapprehension. There has been one question
stated. The question is simply on concurring in
the report of the committee of conference; but the
Chair deems it his duty to call the attention of the
Senate to this fact, and invite the attention of Sen-
ators to it, because, in the opinion of the Chair,
it is a very important one. The committee of
conference have changed the text of the bill, and
the attention of the Chair has been called to it.
The oider raising the committee is explicit to set-
tle the disagreeing votes of the two branches; and
the text of the bill, by that committee, is reported
as changed. The Chair is informed that there
have been precedents for it. The Chair has no per-
sonal knowledge, in sixteen years' service here,
of any such precedents. If so, they have been in
violation of parliamentary law. The Chair de-
