242
APPENDIX TO ffHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
37th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Emancipation and its Results, &c.—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
are for making this species of property more
sacred than other property. This is a slight
admission on their part that jlaves are property,
winch I have never admitted to be the case, except
in those States where the institution exists by
municipal regulation, or in those instances where
the provision of the Constitution extends for the
recapture of fugitive slaves. If slaves are prop-
erty, and if confiscation bills are to be passed, a
general law for confiscating the property of rebels
will suffice. But the bills which have been intro-
duced on this subject provide in some manner for
confiscating the property of disloyal persons, and
then conclude with a section, to which the residue
of the provisions are a mere prelude, providing
for the emancipation of persons claimed to be
held to service or labor by disloyal persons. The
object of framing these bills in this way is doubt-
less to compel gentlemen to vote for the whole of
them, including the abolition of slavery, orbe
liable to the charge of opposing the confiscation
of rebel property, which gentlemen suppose a
very grave charge, but which I am at all times
ready to incur when there is no constitutional au-
thority for such confiscation. The only manner
in which the private property of rebels can be
confiscated, is m pursuance of such laws as have
been or may be enacted for the punishment of
treason, in obedience to the third section of the
third article of the Constitution, which is as fol-
lows :
Treason airainst the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
giving tliem aid and comfort. No person 'half be convicted
of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the
saino overt act, or on confession in open court.
"Tlie Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason; but no attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood or forfeiture, except during the lite of
the person attainted."
If the property of rebels is forfeited, it must
necessarily be for treason, as there is no other
crime that, by the Constitution, incurs this pen-
alty; before the property can be forfeited the
owner must be convicted, and this, according to
the section of the Constitution just read, can only
be on confession in open court, or on the testimony
of two witnesses to the same overt act. The con-
viction must be through the medium of a court;
nut only must the conviction be in a court, but
the trial in such case, according to the second
section of the same article of the Constitution,
tfhull be byjury. The conviction must be in j)ur-
Kiiaiice of existing laws defining the decree of
guilt. Laws cannot be enacted for the purpose
of reaching back to acts not made criminal by
statutes existing at the time of their commission,
nor can statutes be framed increasing the penalty
of crimes already committed beyond their penalty
at the time, for it is expressly declared by the
Constitution that "'no ex post facto law shall be
passed."
Trial for treason, as well as all other crimes,
when committed in any State, shall be in the State
where committed. When trial and conviction of
the party accused is had, which must be upon pre-
sentment or indictment of a grand jury, (fifth ar-
ticle Amendments to the Constitution,) then fol-
lows, as the result of that conviction, forfeiture
of his property, if annexed as a penalty by exist-
ing laws; but the foi feiture is only, at most, dur-
ing the life of the person attainted. Thus it is
that numerous guards and restrictions are thrown
around the administration of the punishment of
the crime of treason, which is the erimeof which
those engaged in the rebellion are guilty. It may
be said that laws thus tardy in their operation
cannot be executed in a rebellion so formidable,
and that we must not thus be restrained in admin-
istering punishment to those who have been at-
tempting to overthrow the Government; that there
are no courts in many of the States to administer
the law on this subject. If the Constitution has
not made ample provision for emergencies like the
present, it is no part of our duty, sworn as we are
to support the present Constitution, to undertake to
make anew one. But if we shall succeed in sub-
duing the rebels, so that the practicability of pun-
ishing for treason shall arise, there will be no dif-
ficulty in executing the law on this subject.
But for the present we shall have enough to do
in using all the power of the Governmentiu sup-
pressing rebellion and restoring Federal authority
in the seceding States. When this is accom-
plished, the laws can be executed, and not effect-
ually until then. As has been suggested by the
learned gentleman from Massachuestts [Mr.
Thomas] in his very able speech upon this sub-
ject, even if the rebellion should not for a time be
suppressed in all the seceded States so for as to
permit the restoration of the judiciary and the ex-
ecution of the laws therein, yet many, and per-
haps most, of those.actively engaged (as leaders
at least) in the rebellion, might be tried in some
of the States where the judicial authority has not
been obstructed, or where it has been restored.
For instance, in Tennessee, Kentucky, and Mis-
souri, the military operations of the rebel gov-
ernment have been extensive, and although many
of the leaders have not been actually present in
these States in person heading the rebellion, yet
tliey have been constructively present, from the
fact that they have directed,controlled, and super-
intended those military operations, and are there-
fore liable to trial, conviction, and punishment in
some of the loyal States for treason.
I suppose the president of the so-called confed-
erate States might be tried in Missouri, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee,Virginia,orMaryland fortrca-
son before a court and jury which would admin-
ister the law in all its rigor; but, to use an old
adage, "as catching is before hanging," it is
needless to speculate upon this feature of the
question now.
It remains to be seen yet whether the Govern-
ment will find it practicable to execute the penalty
of the law against those in custody of its proper
officers, and in the trial and conviction of whom
there is no impediment; oreven whetherthe rigor
of the law will be visited on those already con-
victed of that most heinous of crimes, piracy. If
it shall be found impracticable to execute the pen-
alties of the law in these cases, when the remgdy
is plain, why complain about persons escaping
punishment where there is no remedy, or an in-
complete one? If the penalty of the law, which
affects the person, cannot bo executed against a
party in custody, why need the penalty be visited
on the property of those not in custody, if it were
legal and possible to do so ?
The Constitution has provided that " no attain-
der of treason shall work corruption of blood or
forfeiture,except during the life of the person at-
tainted." This is a humane provision, intended
to confine the punishment to the person commit-
ting the ciime, and to prevent the iniquities of the
guilty party from being visited on his innocent
family; but the confiscation bills alluded to pro-
pose to punish the guilty party by taking from his
family, who may have been guilty of no crime, their
means of subsistence, turning them out of house
and home to become outcasts in the world, for no
fault of theirs. I ask if humanity sanctions such
measures as those, if there were no constitutional
impediment. Another objection to the justice of
this absolute confiscation of property,not only for
life, but in fee, is that suggested by the same dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] to whose able remarks I have already
averted, namely, that it takes from the hundreds
and thousands of Union men in the disloyal States
the means by which they might, in future, indem-
nify themselves for outrages committed upon them
and their property by the rebels, whose property
would be liable to respond to the amount of dam-
ages incurred by Union men from their illegal acts.
But if the property of rebels is appropriated by
the Government, Union men in the disloyalStates
who have been dispossessed of their entire prop-
erty by those in rebellion, whether under the
color of so-called confederate law or without the
sanction of law, will be left without a remedy for
all time to come.
Congress, as I have said, at the extra session,
last July, passed by nearly a unanimous vote
the Crittenden resolution I have quoted. It was
also passed unanimously by the convention which
met in Columbus last summer, and nominated
David Tod for Governor of Ohio.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am willing to carry out
this resolution to the letter, and vote for all the
men and all the money that is wanted for the pur-
pose of establishing Federal authority; but not
one dollar will I vote for which is to be raised by
taxing my constituents to buy negroes or eman-
cipate them, and thus interfere with the "estab-
lished institutions of the States." I will do all in
my power as an individual arid as a Represent-
ative of a loyal constituency to maintain this
Government. I believe it can only be maintained
by strict adherence to the Constitution; and I
am willing to compare my action in that respect
with the action of the Republican majority of this
Congress. In conclusion, I submit that action to
the people, who alone, in the last resort, are to
decide what is best for their own government and
happiness.   
EMANCIPATION AND ITS RESULTS-IS OHIO TO
BE AFRICANIZED?
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. COX,
OP OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
June 3, 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. COX said:
Mr. Chairman: At the beginning of our civil
conflict this House passed almost unanimously a
resolution offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] as to the character of
the war. It was a pledge that the war should not
be waged in hostility to the institutions of any
of the States. On the faith of its pledge men and
money were voted. Since then that pledge has
been broken both in this House and out of it.
Sir, I have watched with anxiety the conduct
of this House. No heed is given here to the warn-
ing of loyal Union men from slave States. Their
advice is met with the cry " oh, they are for sla-
very; and no pro-slavery man can be loyal." No
attention is paid to old-time political opponents,
whose friends are the majority in the field. For
aiding to preserve the Union, which they have
been taught by their party canons to revere, they
are treated to taunts and slander.
Measures like those from Massachusetts, which
would hold States as conquered fiefs; which would
recognize republics abroad because they are black;
which would create equality of black and white,
such as passed the Senate, in carrying the mails;
which abolished slavery in this District; which,
like the acts of confiscation and emancipation here
urged, are to free the whole or a portion of the
black population; all these measures, sir, are sub-
versive of the institutions of the States, and have
created apprehension and distrust.
Before the President can crush this revolt he
must reassure and reanimate the public mind.
He has already done well in crushing the Fremont
and Hunter proclamations. He has done well
in protecting General McClellan from the fana-
tics, who hungered for his overthrow. He has
done well in many other respects, from which I
would not detract by any hostile criticism now. I
would sustain my country and its Constitution,
even if I were not on oath so to do. It is in this
spirit that I wish that there were no ambiguity in
our public counsels. This war can have no end
until the President clears away all uncertainty.
The more definite the object the more firm will the
Government be in asserting it. Its generals may
conquer, but cannot hold. It may by physical
force subdue, but it must do more to reinstate pub-
lic confidence. It must control the civil and moral
elements, by whose influence alone can the sub-
dued be reconciled. I am anxious to believe that
the President means right. But, of the men who
control this Congress, 1 speak plainly. They pull
down; they do not build up. They have an ac-
tivity in destroying; nothing of the genius of man
in constructing. Salvation is not their forte. It
is their conduct which creates ambiguity.
There is something needed in making success-
ful civil war besides raising money and armies.
You must keep up the confidence and spirit of the
people. It must not only be,animated by a noble
passion at the outset, but it must be sustained by
confidence in the cause. You dispirit the Army
and destroy its power, if you give forth an uncer-
tain sound. Is there a member here who dare say
that Ohio troops will fight successfully or fightat
all, if the result shall be the flight and movement
of the black race by millions northward to their
