1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it jvill bo declaring that, in our judgment, diffi-
culties must come. That would Lie bad policy
and bad taste; and it is to avoid that very state of
affairs, to avoid giving notice to foreign Powers
that we think a difficulty is to arise, that now,
when perhaps there is no cloud in the horizon,
and yet seeing a state of things from which diffi-
culties may possibly arise, we propose to make
these appropriations, put them into the hands of
the Executive, to be expended only in case the
Executive shall be of opinion that the state of the
country may require, and probably will require,
some preparations for defense. That is the sim-
ple ground, and in my judgment it is a safe and
sound one; and I think the reasons given by my
friend from Iowa really have not that validity
which his masons usually have.
Mr. GRIMES. The point I make is, that it
is not possible, even if the war is brewing, to
which the Senator alludes, to expend this money
advantageously before that difficulty will have
culminated. That is my idea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
m^ke the proper distinction. The expenditures
to which he refers as in the bill, are the ordinary
expenditures, somewhat increased, to bo sure,
going over the remainder of this year and the
whole of the next, having no reference to imme-
diate difficulties.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask the Senator if the
appropriations in this bill, made for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1863, cannGt be expended in the
year 1862 by the President. We make in this
bill an appropriation of $275,000 to fortify the
harbor of Portland, for instance. A portion of
that is for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862,
and a portion for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863. Now, what I want to know is this, is it not
within the province of the President to expend the
whole of that amount during this fiscal year, if he
sees fit? If so, and he can expend it in this
year, why is it possible for them to expend moie
than that sum advantageously in fortifying that
harbor? That is what I want to know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say again, the Senator
has not got a correct idea of it; and I will tell him
why. The appropriations are made in this bill in
the ordinary way for fortifications in progress,
not completed. There is one work in the harbor
of Portland which has been going on for some
years. On account of a necessity that may arise
for having that fort in a gieater state of forwaid-
ness than would under other circumstances be re-
quired, larger appropriations are made. They are
made on the supposition that no difficulties are to
arise, perhaps, but still to be better prepared. The
amount is appropriated which the bureau thought
it would need in the course of this year, and also
the amount to be expended next year. If all these
difficulties are settled, probably not half the
amount will be expended—nothing like it. The
appropriation proposed in the amendment is en-
tirely different. It is for temporary work, tem-
porary fortifications, earthworks, to be ercctcd m
other places, entirely separate and distinct from
those which are in the regular bill, applied to for-
tifications which are being erected under the laws
of the land at the present time; and this additional
appropriation is only to be expended in the case
of a contingency requiring it. I think the Sena-
tor must, on reflection, be able to satisfy himself
/ft that if the contingency arise for suddenly putting
up temporary woiks, there can be men enough
found in New England, if they have the means,
to put up all the works that may be needed, in a
hurry; and officers can be found to direct those
works. There is no difficulty about expending
the money.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know whether it is
for casemated forts, or for earthworks?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For earthworks, simply.
The Senator from Iowa, when he was up before,
made the suggestion that earthworks, or any other
kind of works, were of no sort of value against
ships-of-wcir.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well at any rate he inti-
mated that they were of very little value. I can
account for that opinion very easily. In the first
place our Navy lias had great successes owing to
its great superiority of force and other causes. It
has had important successes, in which of course
we all glory very much; but 1 do not infer as my
friend does, that because of two or three naval
741
successes, all earthworks, all casematcd forts, all
land batteries, all of everything' except vessels of
war are utterly useless. The thing has not been
quite demonstrated yet. In other words, although
I rejoice and glory in the great successes of the
Navy, I do not think the Navy is the only insti-
tution in the country worth looking at, or theonly
thing to by considered. I would not blot out the
Army and several other things which have been
found useful heretofore, and which may be found
useful again. Perhaps if I was on the .Naval Com-
mittee and engaged constantly in studying naval
questions, and was equally master of them with
my friend from Iowa, I might be able to see noth-
ing but the Navy. At present, however, I do see
other things, and I think it will not be wise, on the
mere supposition that the thing is demonstrated,
to give up our system of defense altogether.
Mr. DIXON. I have only a very few words
to say upon this question. I would not legislate
ordinarily, and perhaps not even now, in antici-
pation of war. Suppose there is danger of a for-
eign war. I do not believe there is at this time
imminent danger of foreign war. I believe it will
be unfortunate if the people of this country should
suppose there is danger of foreign war, or if for-
eign Governments should suppose that we appre-
hend it. But, sir, we cannot shut our eyes to the
fact that in the event of war, if it should happen,
the very first point struck at by a foreign enemy
would be, as the Senator from Maine has said,
the city of Portland. I think there can be no doubt
of that. The first blow would be there. To mc
it seems to be the most important point to be for-
tified in the whole country, and I believe, from the
statement of the Senator, that it is now wholly
unfortified, totally neglected, and could be taken
very easily. It will be recollected, too, that that
port, from the depth of its water, is one that could
be attacked by the largest vessels—some of the
vessels which are now prepared by certain nations,
and which could not reach any other port on our
coast.
The Senator from Illinois says that prepara-
tions can be made at that place whenever the dan-
ger shall present itself; and that ct sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." I think not, sir. I
think that preparations ought to be made at that
point, not with reference to immediate danger—
which I myself do not think exists, though 1 may
be ignorant on the point—but with reference to
danger which may hereafter happen. That point
ought not to be left unfortified, unprotected, as it
now is.
But, sir, there is one expression in this amend-
ment which J do not like; and I propose, if it is
in order, to amend it. It now reads:
<( For the erection of temporary works in Maine in c.isc a
war with any maiitiine Power should be deemed so immi-
nent a , m the judgment of the President,*- &c.
I shouldregretbylegislation to say that we think
there is imminent danger of war with a foreign
countiy. I should prefer to strike out the words
"in ease a war withany maritime Power should
be deemed so imminent," and simply to say,44 for
the erection of temporary works m Maine when,
in the judgment of the President, it may be neces-
sary.*5 The President will know perfectly well
what is the meaning of that language; and it seems
to me it is better for the country, more proper,
that we should leave it in that position, rather than
expressly to specify that we apprehend at this
time danger of foreign war. I propose to amend
the amendment, if it is in order to do so now, 01
at some future time when it may be in order, by
striking out the words in regard to a war, and
leaving it to the judgment of the President to ex-
pend the money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The amendment suggested by the
Senator from Connecticut is not now in order.
Mr. DIXON. It will be, I suppose, at some
future time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DIXON. A single word in regard to the
position of the Senator from Illinois. That Sen-
ator, 1 know, m his opposition to this measure is
not governed by any local feeling. I know him
too well to suppose it; but while I acknowledge
that he is not governed by any local or selfish
consideration, I will say to him that the principle
commercial city of the State which he represents
is as much interested in the defense of Portland
as Portland itself. It is a matter which interests
ami aifects the whole country; it is not local to
Maine. It interests Connecticut; it interestsNew
York. Everybody can sed'at a glance that if a
foreign enemy should seize Portland, the whole
of that portion of the United Siates would be ut
their command, perhaps their mercy.
Mr. SUMNER. I sympathize entirely with
wnat has fallen from my friend from Connecticut.
I do not like-the idea of embodying in a statute
an allusion—if I may say so—to the possibility
of war with a foreign country. Much less do I.
like the idea of making an appropriation contin-
gent upon the President, in his judgment, foresee-
ing such a war. I think the criticism of my friend
is correct on that language, and I had myself al-
ready prepared an amendmenttothesame sentence
which does not differ materially from his.
Mr. DIXON. I should be very glad to adopt
the language of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Without knowing what it is, I presume it is better
than mine.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to strike out after
the word " Maine," the following words: ** in case
a war with any maritime Power should be deemed
so imminent as in the judgment of the President
to render the expenditure of the same or any part
thereof,"and to msertin hVu thereof these words,
" when in the judgment of the President the ex-
penditure of the same or any part thereof shall be
advisable;'5 so that the whole sentence will read:
For the ercction of temporary works in Maine, when In
the judgment of the President the expenditure of the same
or any part thoicof shall be advisable, $350,000. -
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that. I merely put it in the shape in which it was
presented to let.Senators know the specific rea-
son for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent that will be considered as a modification
of the amendment.
Mr. DIXON. That is the very idea 1 meant
to embody.
Mr. SCJMNER. And which I think the Sen-
ator perfectly expressed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The modification should
also be made m the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] Both should
be in the same language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment cannot be leceived at this time except as a
modification ot the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I accept it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
it. By unanimous consent, the alteration pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Scmvkr] can he made; and then the amendment
proposed to the amendment by the other Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] will be in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
regarded as the sense of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 certainly agree with
what has been said by the honorable Senator from
Maine as to the great importance and the neces- .
sityatall times of defending the coast of that
State. 1 believe that it is a strong strategic point,
that Portland is an important harbor—the most
important of any north of Boston, upon our At-
lantic coast. While I agree to ail that, still we
must not forget there are other harbors equally
exposed and more likely to fall into the hands of
a maritime Power in case of war, than the harbors
of the State of Maine. There aie our harbors on
the Pacific, in Oregon, Washington, and Califor-
nia, Standing, as I do, the representative of a
State about midway from one ocean to the other,
I trust that I shall not fail to see both oceans, and
see how much we may be exposed upon each.
There are harbors, I must be permitted to say,
also in which my own State is deeply interested,
and in which the city of Chicago—the great grain
market of Illinois—is equally interested; and if
we are to clothe the President with power to ex-
pend money as he shall deem it advisable, for
temporary defenses against sudden war, I would
prefer not to limit him to the State of Maine, nor
to limit him to this amount of $550,000. I should
prefer that a larger sum should be put in his hands,
and that his judgment should be exercised over
all our coastdefenses, wherever they are exposed,
I say this, Mr. President, not to detract one word
from what is said by our friends near the Atlantic.
But, sir, I do not believe that there is to be any
