244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
3?th Cons....2d Sess.
Emancipation and its Hernlts, Ac.—Mr, Cox.
Ho. oe1 Reps.
times of rebellion or of gross subserviency to the
Crown, or of violent political excitements—peri-
ods-in which all nations are mc*t liable (as wellttie
free as the enslaved) to forget their duties and to
trample upon the rights and liberties of others."
Tiie sentiment of the accomplished men of Con-
gress being against these bills as unconstitutional,
resort was next had to the law of nations to justify
them. Members who a year ago claimed that
this rebellion was not a civil war, are now quick
to find out that it is so, when it will answer the
§urposes of vengeance and emancipation. The
ccretary of War, in his order of April 9, 1862,
expressly recognized the rebellion as a "civil
war." When, a year ago, I embodied<the doc-
trine, that from the formidable character and num-
ber of the insurgents, the laws of civil war, as
between belligerent nations, ought to obtain, cop-
ied though my resolution was fromVattel himself,
gentlemen inconsiderately voted it down. Vattel
(book 3, chap. 33, sec. 295,) and other authorita-
tive publicists declare what is a public war:
l<The war between the two parties stands on the same
ground, in every respect, as a public war between, two
different nations. They decide their quarrel by arms, as
two different nations would do. The obligation to observe
the common laws of war toward each other is, therefore,
absolute."
Since then, flags of truce, exchange of prison-
ers, and other rules of civilized warfare have been
practiced by our Government. England and
France have recognized this relation. Now, if the
laws of war as between nations prevail in this con-
test, as gentlemen now argue, then I point to the
humane code that private property on land shall
not be confiscated, except it be contraband of war.
That slaves are contraband when used on fortifi-
cations, and are confiscate, is no question now,
since Congress has enacted a law making each
slave so used confiscate to the State. But if by
the laws of the States slaves are personal prop-
erty, as the courts have decided, then the law of
nations reaches them.
That law of nations has no exceptions but con-
traband. It is so admitted by all. America, at
least, has acted on it. Franklin, in his treaty with
Prussia, Washington, in his letter to Rocham-
beau, Hamilton, Jefferson, Clay, John Quincy
Adams,Pierce, Marcy, Lincoln,and Seward have
taken it for granted. It is too late to question it.
They sought to extend it, in the interest of hu-
manity, from the land to the sea. I have this
session, in a speech on neutral maritime rights,
elucidated this doctrine and its history. I have
shown that this was the object of the Paris con-
ference in 1856, and of the Marcy amendment pro-
posed to the great maritime Powers. To this doc-
tnne the assent of forty-six Powers was given, at
the request of France. And this was the object of
Mr. Dayton and Mr. Adams and our other Eu-
ropean ministers last summer, when, by Mr. Sew-
ard's instruction and under President Lincoln's
direction, our nation sought to have all private
property, not contraband of war—munitions tie
guerre—free from seizure and confiscation by the
cruisers and privateers of belligerents at sea, as it
was already thus free upon land. I therefore boldly
affirm that this Administration, to its lasting honor,
is not only committed to this doctrine, but have
favored its extension from the land to the sea.
The great men of Europe and of this country have
agreed to that doctrine. It was urged to soften
the horrors of war, to save mankind front cruel
and unjust violence, to limit war and its horrors
to Hie combatants, to reduce the conflict to a duello
between armies, and to save the sea, as the land
was already saved by law, from being the theater
of cruel, predatory,and barbarous practices. The
reason urged for this doctrine is, that it enables
men to make peace, lasting and fraternal, unera-
bittered by cruelties to helpless women and chil-
dren, to non-combatants, and men of productive
industry and peaceful occupations in private life.
It is the doctrine of the Saviour of mankind.
The wise men of this Congress have urged
upon similar principles, that all lawsof vengeance'
confiscation, and emancipation will only prolong
and stimulate the rebellion, postpone peace, and
frustrate the reassertion of Federal authority
While I would punish the rebel leaders for treason
by death, without mercy; while 1 would doit with-
out vengeance, in the name and majesty of the
Republic which they have tried to dispart and de-
stroy, I would not make laws, in the very agony
of the strife, whose effect will be to strengthen
treason, to prolong the contest, and destroy all
hopes of reunion.
But, sir, my opposition to such bills proceeds
mainly from other and more conclusive reasoning.
Granting that these bills are constitutional, and
that they are according to the law of nations, a
more momentous question arises. It is no less
than the preservation of the people and society of the
North. You free the slaves to punish treason ;
you free the slaves because you hate slavery. But
what if the punishment falls upon the loyal North ?
Shall Ohio suffer because South Carolina rebels ?
Shall the North be destroyed or impaired in its
progressive prosperity, by your, projects of whole-
sale freedom of the slaves, because it will punish,
cripple, or destroy slavery or the South?
It is beyond doubt that a large number of the
four millions of slaves will be freed incidentally
by the war. Already ten thousand are freed in
South Carolina; as many more in Virginia; and
perhaps as many more in the West. It has been
computed that already some seventy thousand
blacks are freed by the war. I see it stated au-
thoritatively that more contrabands followed Gen-
eral Banks's retreat down the Virginia valley than
his troops numbered. These are being scattered
North, are becoming resident in this District and
supported by the largesses of the Federal Treas-
ury. It is said that eighteen thousand rations are
daily given out to negroes by our Government.
This is buta small numberof those who are freed,
or to be freed, by these bills. The mildest confis-
cation bill proposed will free not less than seven
hundred thousand slaves. The bill which is be-
fore us frees three millions, at least. The bills
which receive the favor of the majority of the Re-
publican party will free four millions. Nothing
less will satisfy this Congress. That is now ap-
parent. If you do not free all, say the extremists,
your war is rose-water. If not all, no peace is
possible.
It may have been wrong to have held them in
slavery. Is it right to set them free, to starve?
What is to be done with them ? This is the riddle,
more difficult than that of the Ethiopian Sphynx.
Like tijat fabled monster, with the man's head
and thT lion's body, it has a puzzle, and we have
no CEdipus to solve it. One gentleman proposes
to free the slaves, apprentice them awhile to raise
money, and then colonize them. This scheme
has its advocates. Regardless of constitutional
restrictions, he would have us first free them, or
as many as are owned by rebels, and buy as many
as are owned by loyal men, and then, by the
money raised by apprenticeship, deport them to
Mexico, South or Central America. What though
it enslave the white labor of the North for a half
century! What though it diverts the Federal
Government into a grand master of apprentices !
What though it cost millions ! What though it
destroy the productive industry of a dozen States!
It would be a happy riddance at any price. Such
is the argument.
But another class says to this scheme: "No;
you have no right to send away against his will
the African, born here. You have no right to
buy him. He is entitled to privileges equally
with you, direct from the hand of his heavenly
Father, who gave him a charter to live and own
himself." This side is championed by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] Between these
two charmers the simple black man stands as a
comic paper depictured him, with grinning mouth
and hesitating mind, not knowing which to choose.
But, like the maiden in the song, he is willing to
yield to either one when the other dear charmer's
away. [Laughter.] One of my colleagues, who
speaks most nearly the sentiments of the majority
here, [Mr. Bivgham,] has met the question iike a
man, if not like a statesman. While the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] was ad-
dressing the House; after he had shown that col-
onization, at his least estimate of #400 per slave
would impose a debt of $1,200,000,000, and after
he nau shown conclusively that to free them and
place them on the lands of the South, where the
climate was congenial and the productions suited
to their labor, there would be reenacted the scenes
or tiayti—a war of extermination between black
ana white, until after scenes -of carnage and hor-
ror, the black man would be swept away—he
asked:
" What, then, do you propose to do with them? Do you
propose to let them go from the South, redeemed and re-
generated as you say, into your free States of the North?
Oh, no, yon contemplate no such condition as that for them.
You exclude them, as you would a leper, from your States.
" Mr. Bingham. Allow me to remind the gentleman that
his remarks are too general; that he does injustice to a
majority of the free States of this Union. A large majority
of them do not exclude any African from them.
" Mr. Mallory. I ask the gentleman from Ohio if he in
willing to throw open the doors of that great and noble State
—that nch, fruitful, and productive State, to the throe mil-
lions of slaves that may be liberated by these emancipation
and confiscation bills?
"Mr. Bingham. Its doors are open now.
" Mr. Wickliffe. When did you repeal the law prohib-
iting them ?
" Mr. Bingham. As soon as we turned the Democratic
party out of power. [Laughter.}
" Mr. Mallory. I know that the gentleman from Ohio
does not intend that this exodus from the South shall find
its way into the State of Ohio, as the Israelites did from
Egvpt into Palestine. No; he has too much regard for that
State, and is too anxious that its fields shall be tilled by
fiee white labor, and has too high a sense ©f the character
and attiibutes of the Anglo-Saxon race, ever to be willing
that the blacks shall go there and be the competitors of the
free white men of Ohio for the rewards of Jabor. It may
be that Ohio may now permit the entrance of free negroes
occasionally, but when that immense swarm of negroes,
worse than the swarm of locusts that destroyed Egvpt, com-
mences to pour itself over into that Stale, the doors will be
closed against them, and be knows it.
" Mr. Bingham. I desire to say to the gentleman that I
have no idea myself that under any possible pressure I will
ever consent that any man born upon the soil of tins Re-
public, by any vote or word of mine, shall be excluded
from the limits of any State, my own included.
"Mr. Cox. I wiil say that tiiesentiment of my colleague
is not the sentiment of the people of Ohio; and that as
soon as they have a chance to restore the Democratic
paity, they will keep out the blacks and prevent their com-
peting with white labor.
" Mr. Bingham. 1 have no doubt of that; but it will be
a good while after this before they will have the power."
Here, then, is the issue directly made with my
colleague. He denies, first, that the States have
the right to forbid the immigration of blacks within
their borders.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague I am sure does
not intend to do me injustice. The proposition
which he has just stated is not as I have stated it
myself.
Mr. COX. I have done the gentleman the jus-
tice to quote all his remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish my colleague to un-
derstand that I confined my remark to native-
born citizens.
I. I will not spend much time, sir, to controvert
this doctrine. Such laws have existed in western
States and in Ohio unchallenged. Judge Douglas
was right when, in his contest with Mr. Lincoln,
he maintained that these Commonwealths were
forwhite men. Aside from the question of policy,
there is an admitted right, in each State, to make
or unmake its citizenship; to declare who is and
who is not entitled thereto. That will not be de-
nied. When Minnesota came here for admission,
that was settled. But my colleague seems to ad-
mit that political privileges, like that of suffrage,
may be fixed by State laws. Indeed, the Su-
preme Court have decided that the State has the
exclusive right so to do. If so, by what reason
can a State deprive the black race of the right of
suffrage, on which depends all laws, all protec-
tion, all assessment of taxes, all punishments, even
the matter of life and death, and yet not have power
to forbid such black race, as a dangerous element,
from mingling with its population ? The consti-
tution of Illinois, just submitted to the people, de-
nies to the negro the right of emigrating to', or
having citizenship in, that State. Hitherto the
same prohibition has existed in Illinois and Indi-
ana, and other western States. In Virginia, as a
ponce regulation, free negroes were forbidden to
emigrate to that State. It was never disputed—
never, until Oregon applied for admission. Her
constitution provided that no person of African
descent, though free, and no Chinaman, should
emigrate to that State, or should have right of suf-
frage or hold property. In th<> Globe of theThirtv-
I'lfth Congress (p. 193, H *]$.,) the debate is re-
ported. A Senator from Maine denied the ri°-ht
thus to exclude black men, who were citizens of
his own State, by a decision of the supreme court
of Maine. He held, as I suppose my colleague
[Mr. Bingham) holds, that no one portion of the
citizens of the United States can interfere with the
lights of another portion of the citizens of the
