742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
War with Prance or England or any other great
maritime Power. The difficulty in relation to the
Trent affair has passed away. It is true we came
very near a third war with Great Britain. The
first, the war of the Revolution, was a war for the
independence of our land; the second, the war of
1812, was for the freedom of the sea;, and, in a
moment of excitement and of passion, we came
very near taking precisely the opposite ground
from that which we occupied in 1813, and making
"a third war not only against Great Britain, but
against the freedom of the sea. Bat, sir, we have
happily escaped*, and, so far as 1 learn, the tone
of public opinion and of the press of Great Britain
has changed; and wc have, by telegraph, just re-
ceived the most cheering' news, if i am correctly
informed, of the pacific language of the Emperor
of the French, addressed to the Chamber of Depu-
ties. In speaking of American affairs he says:
"The civil war winch desolates America has gieatly
compromised our commercial niteicsts. Solongjiowcio,
as the rights of neutral's arc respected, we must confine our-
selt es to expressing wishes for an early termination of ffiesr
dissensions
Our difficulty with Groat Britain in the Trent
affair has been fortunately solved by placing our-
selves upon our old ground, the same which we
occupied in 1812, when we had the warm sym-
pathy of Fiance. This was well calculated to re-
vive, and undoubtedly has revived, in the Emperor
of the French what I believe exists equally ay
strong in the hearts of the French people—the
memoViusof our old friendship and alliance, when
we stood with her for the rights of neutrals and
for the freedom of the sea.
Sir, I do not believe (hat we stand in any proba-
ble danger of war with any great maritime Power;
yet I agree entirely with what has been said by
the Senator from Maine, that even in peace it is
best to prepare for possible contingencies. Wash-
ington certainly advised that in peace we should
prepare for war. Therefore, while 1 advocate a
larger appropriation than is contained in thia
amendment, to be placed in the hands of the Ex-
ecutive, I distinctly desire to have it understood
that 1 do so not because I apprehend war, but sim-
ply because I believe that if any such power is
given to the Piesident, he should be permitted not
only to look to the const of Maine, but to the coast
of Oregon and to the coasts of Wisconsin and of
Illinois.
Mr. President, in the minds of many persons a
very great mistake exists as to what am denomi-
nated the straits of Mackinaw. 1 believe the iren-
erul impicssion is that one fort at the straits of
Mackinaw may command the channels which lead
from Lake Huron into Lake Michigan. Nothing
can be furtiiei from ihe tinth. You nuiv build
your fort at Mackinaw, and yet theieare two and
a half miles of deep water on both widen of tin-
island, between thatand the shore,and between the
islands of White Wood or the Bois Blanc. When-
ever the day shall come for tin; consideration of t In-
expenditure ol the sums that are necessary to de-
fend Lake Michigan, which to-day is of more con-
sequence than the Black Sea in the commerce of
the world, for it has more eommeiee t han the Black
Sea, we must look to the expenditure of a much
larger sum of money than is provided for in tins
bill. We may be compelled to look, perhaps, to
the Navai Committee for help, for under the cir-
cumstances, it may be necessary to have some gun-
boats and floating batteries at Mackinaw to make
the defenses complete.
Mr. GRIMES. We have a tieaty with Gieat
Britain about that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know there is a treaty
with Great Bsiiam that we cannot build but one
ship caviying a single gun; but when we come to
speak of a fortification m case of war with Eng-
land,, that is to defend the whole coast of Wis-
consin, Michigan, and Illinois, the granary of the
world, we shall have to expend a very large sum
of money. I cannot tell the amount, but it would
require millions I have no doubt. I shall vote for
this amendment, even if it is not amended, but I
desire that the words " in Maine" shall be stricken
out, and that, this sum shall be enlarged by at least
one million of dollars. I understand from the
ruling of the Chair that now is not the time to
offer the amendment* but after the question is
taken on the pending amendment, 1 desire to test
the sense of the Senate upon the proposition I
have suggested.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the amendmentnow underconsideration,in defer-
ence to the superior wisdom raid betterjudgment
of the Committee on Finance, who have had charge
of this subject, and for whose opinions I certainly
entertain the highest respect. At the same time
I must say that Maine is not, in my opinion, to
have her best harbor most strongly fortified by
building forts at Portland; nor do J believe that
Narragansett bay will be most strongly fortified by
constructing foits,at the present time, near the
enttance of that bay into the ocean; nor do I be-
lieve that Chicago will be made most secure by any
fortifications erected about that city, near the lake
on which it stands. 1 believe, sir, that all these
pointsand (hatour whole coast,our Atlanticcoast,
our lake coast, our Pacific coast, would all be much
bettei foi tificd and protected by moving down the
columns of our army now lying near the upper
Mississippi and along the Ohio river, through the
States of Kentucky and Tennessee and the States
south, victoriously and triumphantly to the Gulf
of Mexico. By sending the detachments which are
now posted upon the Atlanticcoast in the vicin-
ity of Ilaiteras, at Hilton Head, at Ship Island,
and elsewhere in the Gulf, further into the inte-
rior, and seizing and holding important points,
and also maritime cities along the coast. Let
these things be accomplished, and accomplished
promptly, and we shall have no need of foitifica-
uons m Maine, nor at Chicago, nor at San Fiau-
ciseo.
But, sir, if these things are not done; if these
points aie not very soon in the possession of the
forces of the United States; if we do not move
our armies over the points which I have indicated,
and take possession of our southern ports, within
thntj7 or forty days, we shall need much more
than the amount lecommended by the. Committee
on Finance to fortify all the exposed portions of
our coast. We shall need more, very much more;
and 1 doubt whethei veiy much moiewill protect
them from foreign attack. Lotus move our armies;
move them at the earliest moment we can, and
move them energeficallv, successfully, and tlmse
appiopriatioiw will not be needed. It js certainly,
I t hink, chnnonstiable that Maine is to he fortified
belter at New Oilcans than atPortland; Chicago
better at Charleston than on Lake Michigan; and
Newport and Piovideneo bettei at Savannah and
Mobile than at the mouth of Narragansett bay. Let
us place our armies and unfurl our Hag in these
southern cities, and all these points which wc are
sol icitous to protect will be on safe as it is possible
for human fortifications to mala* them. Without
these, we have not men enough to defend nor
money enough to fortify them against the forces
which will speedily threaten them.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 understand the pending
question ts an amendment pioposed by the'Sen-
atoi from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson-,] to insert
an appt opriation of money for the defense of Nm-
ragansi;u bay. I am veiy soriy that my fuend
bum low.i think.-! their m no way of defending a
hat hor in theso days but by sh jps of war.
Mr. GRI M ^S. I did not say ho ; hut I think yo.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is an old-fashioned
way of having huge guns in forts that I notice
ships of war aie rather unwilling to come against,
and I reckon they will be for a good many yeats
to come. Some of the fortifications in Newpoit
haihor aie not un th woi ks. There is a foitifuvi-
| Uon opposite Fort Adams which is the best foil,
; pethapy, that we have in New England, wheic
! tluii ih ast >no woik or a bi ick one, I foiget which.
It only n -our a little jepair to make it almost im-
possible for an en-1 my "s blnns to get inside the har-
bor o( Newport. The appropnatiun now asked
for will enable the Pi esident to put all these works
m their proper condition for defense. Although
I agree that Portland has some strategic advant-
ages, I think Newport harboi can be claimed as
the next most likely to be attacked m the event of
a foieign war. The British had it m the time of
the Rev olution, and 1 am afraid they would have
it agftm if we were not-properly defended. But 1
hear nobody opposing this amendment, and there-
fore I shall not waste the time of the Senate by
discussing it.
The amend merit to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CLARK. I should like to have the amend-
ment read as it has been amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
The Secretary read it, as follows:
j}nd be it further enacted, That the following sums be, and
the same aie hereby, appiopriated out ot any money in the
Trea^aiy not othoivviso apptoprinred, tor the fiscal >cars
ending June 30,1850, and June CO, ib'uO:
For the election of temporary woiks m Maine, when,in
the judgment ot the Pi evident, the unmoor any pait thereof
shall be advisable, $\")o0,000.
Foi the election or temporary works in Nanagansettbay,
when, ill the judgment ot the President, the expenditure of
the fiame or any pint thereof shall be advisable, $200,000.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after "Maine^the words "and
at the haihor of Portsmouth, New Hampshire."
I understand from the Senator from Maine that this
appropriation was designed to cover the harbor of
Portsmouth. The navy-yard at Portsmouth is on
the Maine side, and a portion of the fortifications
of that harbor, which are very few and very infe-
rior, are on the Maine side; and as the amendment
now stands it will leave the other side entirely un-
protected. There is a point on the New Hamp-
shire side where a vessel of war with a long range
gun can come in and completely shell and destroy
the navy-yaid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion to the Senatoi's amendment. The proposi-
tion was intended to include it; but if lie thinks
his amendment necessaiy, I have no objection.
The amendmcn t to the amendmen t was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE^ I desire now to move to
stiike out those words in the amendment which
limit the application of the money to Maine and
New Hampshire, so as to leave it without defin-
ing the phu'0 where the expenditure shall be made;
and I shall follow it by moving to add $1,000,000 to
the sum appropriated, so as to make it $L500,000
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be made. I am afraid my amendment,
after all, will be killed by kindness—not particu-
lar kindness for this proposition, which every-
body admits to be a very good one, but by over-
whelming it with sugar-plums for other places
which aie not recommended. If my friend from
Wisconsin will look into the bill, and see what is
piowded in il, he will, perhaps, think that his
amendment is not necessary. The bill already
contains this clause:
Foi fortification* on the northern ftontici, including for-
t Ilical ;uii> at Oswego, Kiagata, Buffalo, Detioit, and Mack-
inaw, $7.50,000,
That is in the body of the bill, and the appro-
priation covers, it would seem, all that the Engi-
neer Bureau thinks necessary for the West. Now,
the honorable Senator, without noticing this, as it
appears, and without having any recommendation
ftom the Engineer Ruieau, from the War Depart-
ment, or from anybody else, wishes to interfere
with the appiopriations which are thought to be
necessary for pal ticular places, to cover them with
something m gcneial out of which more may be
earned West. That is hardly reasonable, and
hardly fair. When the Department has recom-
mended for the lakes and the noi thei n frontiei all
that is thought to be necessary, and the amount
lecommended is in the hill, and was put there with-
out any objection from any quarter, and the bene-
fits of it may be extended to other points, if gen-
ii tlemen desire, they are not satisfied with that, but
!' wish to strike out the specific duection which the
[' Department has thought necessary for these two
<\ places, in oidcr to make it general, and thus, pos-
|j sibly, to diveit a portion of the appropriation. I
!j will ask my fi 'end, in alt fairness, if that is right,
n Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my friend
;j from Maine that I understand that the engineer
f! depMtmem have recommended a larger sum for
for fovtiCcations on the lake coast than is con-
i! tamed in the bill.
i| Mr. PESSENDEN. The item, as 1 have read
it. cvmcs fiom the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House of Repi csentatives, and is according
to the recommendation of the Department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not doubt that that sum
is recommended, or a sum as large as that—<
The PRESIDING OFFICER^ The Chair will
state that there is no amendment Uc foi e the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin moved to strike out the word, " Maine."
The PXIF.SIDLNG OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not in onlei.
Mr FESSENDEN. Then I have nothing to
say oil the point.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I bee: to
