2724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
dhange will &e read.
- Mr. FESSENDEN. : It ought to be read and
explained, arid understood by everybody, and if
agreed to then it is valid.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of the
report, as follows:
They further yecommend that the second paragraph of the
section ofthe Mil be amended as follow*: strike out all
after the words " to wit," tn the twentieth line, printed bill,
of said section ((own to and including thetwenty-firlli line,
and insert the following: " Fiist to his father, or if he be not
living or has abandoned the support of his family, then to the
mother of such*soldier, and if there be neither father nor
mother, as aforesaid, then such bounty shall be paid to the
biolhet'd and sisters of such deceased boldier resident as
ai'oicsaid."
Mr. HOWE. The object of the amendment
will be apparent, I suppose, to the Senate. It is
merely to change the order in which the heirs shall
take. The act of the last session which gives this
bounty gives it to the soldier or to his heirs; and
the bill, as it was dra^n, undertook to make the
mother take before the father, which is supposed
to be in derogation of the law of inheritance as jt
exists in most if not in all the States, and this
amendment was proposed to make the bill con-
form more nearly to the contract as it now exists
between the Government and the soldier.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not mean to embarrass
the action of the Senate about this matter if I could,
and I desire, if there be no objection to it, that it
might pass into a law; but I wish to make this re-
mark, and I do it by way of protestation, exclud-
ing any conclusion; and that is this: whenever the
committee of conference go out of the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, the other part of it that
they recommend afterwaids should not be consid-
ered part of their report, because we cannot divide
that report, and that part always should be re-
ported by itself. I wish that might be the practice,
for the committee to recommend it, and then the
Senate will be at liberty to put it in with the other
matter or leave it out, as they please. 1 cannot but
feel it my duty to protest against anything in the
text which the Houses have ngreed to being inter-
fered with by the committee as part of their report.
I have no objection to (his recommendation of the
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree entirely with what has
fallen from the Senator from Vermont. It seems
to me that the committee can only act on the mat-
fois that have been submitted to them. If they
travel outside of that all that they do is extraor-
dinary, and it can receive vitality only as a rec-
ommendation. It takes no vitality from their ori-
ginal character as a committee; and then the ques-
tion occurs to me—and here I wish to go one step
beyond the Senator from Vermont—how can that
recommendation receive vitality from the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They recommend that it
be made a part of the report.
Air. COLLA.MER. By voting it in as part of
the report.
SUMNER. Then the question I have is
this, whether it will not require the unanimous
assent of tiie*8enate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, only a majoi^ty,
Mr. SUMNER. Can a majority reach it m
that way? 1 have my doubts whether it can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A majority can ieach
any thin? unless it is othei wise specially provided,.
Mr. SUMNER. A majority can only act under
the rules of the Senate. It does act under the
rules of the Senate with regard to those matteis
specially submitted to the committee. It simply
carries out the rule of the Senate; the machinery
is acting regularly; but when the committee step
outside of what has been committed to them and
make this recommendation, then our rules are not
applicable to them.
Mr. COLLAMER. You had better not raise
that question now.
Mr, SUMNER. I merely throw it out for con- ,
sideiation. It seems to me it arises out of this '
question at this moment. I suppose there is no 1
objection to this iccommcndation. I dare say that j
ail of us will unite in it. Therefore at this mo-
mcnt.it may pass by unanimous consent; but I j
do uiink, in the practice of the Senate, it is 1m- I
poifaot fur us to consider whether a mere rec.oni- '
inendaUonof the committee, under such circum- ;
stances, will be of such validity that what they ■
recommend can pass without the unanimous con- !
xeot of the Senate. I
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am glad that this ques-
tion is presented distinctly to the Senate. I have
upon several occasions expressed my dissent to
this legislating by committees of conference. 1
think there are the most serious objections to it.
There seems to be no question so far as I have
heard the discussion between Senators as to what
is submitted to a committee of conference, and
what such a committee is appointed for. As has
been well said by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] it is on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. That is the matter of which they have
jurisdiction. They have no jurisdiction over the
matter about which the two Houses have agreed.
That is not submitted to them. The Committee
on Finance, to which was referred an appropria-
tion bill, might as well undertake to take jurisdic-
tion in that appropriation bill of a matter relating
to the public lands, which had no connection with
the appropriation bill, and which had not been
referred to the committee, as for a committee of
conference to take jurisdiction of a matter which
was not legitimately before it.
There are,to my mind, the most serious objec-
tions to this course of practice; and if it requires
unanimous consent, I say to the Senator from
Massachusetts I will never consent to establish
such a precedent here. What are the objections
to it? Why, sir, in nearly every State constitu-
tion in this Union it is required that a bill before
it becomes a law shall be read three times and on
three several days, unless there is some special
urgency about it. We have no such provision in
the Constitution of the United States, but we have
a rule adopted by the Senate that a bill is to have
three several readings, and when a bill is under
consideration it is subject to amendment; but \vc
lose the whole benefit of those amendments if a
majority of a committee of conference may make
a law. Why, sir, look at the principle laid down
by the Senator from Maine. The Senator from
Maine says it is not legitimate; it is improper to
consider matter that is not referred to a committee
of confercnce; but then if a committee does do it,
and a majority agrees to it, it is a law; a majority
can control it. Then, sir, power is put into the
hands of a conference committee of this body to
bring the Senate to a direct vote upon any prop-
osition they please, without any opportunity to
amend it in any form, without its being considered
and read three times; the Houses of Congress abdi-
cate and surrender up to a committee of conference
the powers of legislation, exercising a mere veto
power. Instead of being a deliberative body, to
consider and to perfect bills, wc shall be a body
simply having a veto power. The committees of
conference propose the bills; we cannot alter them;
we cannot propose amendments; we may reject
them; and that is all we can do. Why, sir, it is
a practice destructive of that deliberation which
has existed in all the States of the Union, and
which ought to exist in Congress.
Now, here in a case presented, I understand,
where the two Houses of Congress have agreed to
certain provisions in a bill, and a committee of
conference, that has been appointed, has thought
proper to tell the two Houses of Congress, when a
matter submitted to that committee about which
the two Houses could not agree was under con-
sideration, that what they have agreed upon is
not proper. "We may I'econsider; we may refuse
to pass thebiii,and the gentlemen composing the
committee of conference may, as members of the
Senate, and ought as members of the Senate, sug-
gest, when they make their report—not as a part
of their report, to be carried through this body
without amendmentor change, or without an op-
portunity to amend or change it—but to suggest
as individuals and Senators that there are objec-
tionable parts in the main body ofthe bill to which
the two Houses have agreed. It doubtless ought
to be brought to the notice of the Senate while
there is an opportunity to prevent its passing into
a law.
1 quite agree with the Senator from Maine that
if Congress abdicates its authority, and the bill is
passed, and signed by the Speaker of the House
and the President of the Senate, and approved by
the President of the United States, you cannot go
behind this evidence of the enactment of the law to
inquire whether it was ever consideied in the two
Houses according to the rules and provisions of the
Constitution or not. That is a settled question not
to be investigated. But, sir, I hope the Senate will
never adopt such a precedent, or assent to it. Some
of the very worst legislation which has occurred
since 1 have been here has grown out of these
committees of conference. When we have an im-
portant bill, like a tariff bill, or now like the rev-
enue bill, under consideration, with hundreds of
amendments, the practice has been for a commit-
tee to come in here and report that the committee
of conference have met together, and after due
consideration have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses that the House recede from the
fortieth amendment and the sixteenth amendment
and the two hundredth amendment, and that they
agree to the ninety-ninth and fifty-fourth, and so
on, giving the amendments by numbers; and the
question presented to the body is, will the Senate
concur in the recommendation of the committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty ofthe Chair
to call up the unfinished business of Saturday,
which is the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not this a privileged
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, in the
opinion ofthe Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does not the naval ap-
propriation bill come up now?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Pacific railroad bill
is the unfinished business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be post-
poned for the purpose of taking up the naval ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So faras I am concerned,
I do not wish to take up any time on this confer-
ence leport, and I am willing the vote should be
taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will put the question.
' Mr. DAVIS. This is an important question,
and one that I think ought to be well considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
postpone the order of the day, which is the Pacific
railroad bill, for the purpose of taking up the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest that the Pacific rail-
road bill be laid aside informally until the naval
appropriation bill is disposed of, and then it will
come up next in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection that course will be taken.
Mr. HALE. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To lay the railroad
bill aside, allowing it to retain its position as un-
finished business, and take up the naval appro-
priation bill, so that the Pacific railroad bill will
come up again without a motion when the naval
appropriation bill shall have been disposed of.
The Chair hears no objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOOSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 241) to change
the location of the poitof entry for the Puget
Sound collection district, with an amendment,in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; winch thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A hill (S. No. 281) defining additional causes
of challenge, and prescribing an additional oath
for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts.
A bill (S. No. 282) for the relief of Oliver Spen-
cer Wood.
A bill (S. No. 339) making provision for rais-
ing property of the United States sunk in the
waters thereof.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 423) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th of June,
1863.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that nearly all the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in. The
amendments now pending are those on which a
separate vote was asked. The first of those
amendments will be read.
The first excepted amendment was the one
