1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
e*>rretUiy reported the statute the other day and
the two years limitation. I have examined the
statute, and it contains both the provisions that I
spoke of; first, that it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to put in suit the bond-of a
deputy postmaster upon a three months' default;
and second, that no action shall be brought on the
bond of u deputy postmaster except within two
years after the cause of action may have arisen.
Now, I suppose that both those sections of the
statute are to have full force and effect. Gentle-
men will remember that there are other duties im-
posed upon deputy postmasters besides making
the quarterly returns and payments required by
the conditions of the bond. They are to perform
all the duties enjoined by law pertaining; to their
offices, and also* to conform to and comply with
the various rules of the Department which from
time to time may be published for their guidance.
If, therefore, he should violate any rule prescribed
by the Department, an action arises on the bond;
and then that provision of the statute—that such
action shall be brought within two years—applies.
If a remittance be made by the Department of the
Government for the purpose of paying govern-
mental dues of any sort, to be delivered to another
person, and if the postmaster makes default in that
an action arises, for which the sureties are liable,
but it must be brought within the two years.
The other condition is, that if the postmaster
makes default in sending his returns to the Post
Office Department, and paying in the moneys due
thereon for a longer period than three months, it
shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to
bring suit on the bond. What protection is there
to the citizen if, when he gives notice to the Post-
master General, calling upon him to discharge that
duty, and when the postmaster declines to do it
the citizen is still to be held responsible? The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] said the
other day that he hopes this case is exceptional.
1 have no doubt that it is. I have no doubt that,
with this law on the statute-book, if the Postmas-
ter General were to ropeatthatoperation in regard
to all his defaulting deputies, it would result m his
impeachment and in Ins removal from office. The
case is, so far as I know, entirely exceptional.
This bill, therefore, is simply to refund these
citizens their own money winch they paid years
ago into the Treasury under protest, under the
coercion of a threatened suit, and under the advice
of their counsel that they could not plead the de-
fault of a Government officer. We allow them
no interest. We yimply give them back their own.
As I said the other day, an action between men
in private life, under similar eiicumslances, never
could be maintained by the principal against the
sureties, because the law would be held as part
and parcel of the contract.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust that my colleague
on the Judiciary Committee will allow me to say
a word on this bill. I desire to resist its passage.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman desires to
resist the action of the committee, I ask for a vote
on the bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do desire to resist the ac-
tion of the majority of the committee, and I think
I am entitled to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been, ordered, debate is not in order.
Mr. COLFAX. As the gentleman from Ohio
has brought me in reference to a point of law, I
desire simply to refer to it.
Mr. HICKMAN. If I cannot get the floor as
a minority of the committee opposed to the pas-
sage of this bill, I shall oppose it being given to
any other gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not object to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania making a speech.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not propose to make
a speech; but I think it is nothing more than right
that the views of the minority of the committee
should be expressed.
The question was taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed,andieadatlurd time; and the House
refused to order it.
Mr. OLIN. f move to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to order the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. V ALL AND IGH AM. Is that motion de-
batable?
The SPEAKER-. It is debatable,the previous
question being exhausted.
Mr. OLIN. I make this motion, Mr. Speaker,
simply because the courtesy of the gentleman from
Ohio would not permit me to put a single inquiry
to him in reference to this bill. 1 had asked of
the gentleman, in a respectful way,as I supposed,
whether the report had been printed, so that the
facts on which the House was asked to decide
might be brought before it. I was told that the
bill had been a long time before th^House, and
that therefore there had been no report made.
That was not a very good excuse, in my judg-
ment, for pressing through, at this period of time,
a private claim of more than doubtful character.
The gentleman states that the bill is to indemnify
a constituent of mine; and when I simply sug-
gested that that could not, in my judgment, alter
the law, he takes exception that I should have thus
replied to a remark of that kind, seeming to im-
ply that ! would vote for a bill for a constituent
of mine, which I would not otherwise vote for.
Now, I think, with all deference to the gentleman,
that the reply was an obviousand natural one. If
the gentleman's remark did not imply that,it was
about as senseless a remark as an mtelligentgen-
tleman could make on this floor.
Now, what is the equity of this claim? 1 said
that the money appeared to have been paid vol-
untarily. The gentleman says, no. What is a
voluntary payment? A payment made when de-
manded by the proper authority, is a voluntary
payment—a payment made without suit, a pay-
ment without judgment. Now, does the gentle-
man say that suit was brought in this case?
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to remind the
gentleman that I say I understand a voluntary
payment to be 
Mr. OLIN. I do not ask for your definition of
a voluntary payment. I asked you simply whether
payment had been made before or after suit was
brought.
Mi. BINGHAM. I made no such statement.
Mr. OLIN. I knos^ the gentleman is a good
lawyer, but I do not ask his definition of a volun-
tary payment. 1 believe I know what that is. A
mere payment made on demand, so far as I knowj
never was pronounced an involuntary payment,
except by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not say that.
Mr. HICKMAN. I believe I said no such
thing, for I entertain vety different opinions
upon it.
Mr. OLIN. I beg the gentleman's [Mr. Hick-
man] pardon; I mistake. Neither is a payment
madu after suit is commenced and before judgment
an involuntary payment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not shy that either.
Mr. OLIN. Now if payment was made after
suit and after judgment, that was an involuntary
payment. That is a compulsory payment. That
entitles a party to claim all the rights of an invol-
untary payment. But I do not understand that
to be the case here. The only equity in the ease,
so far as I can understand it from the gentleman,
is that the postmaster had made default, had fraud-
ulently abstracted, or converted to his own use,
the public money, and that the Government had
not been so prompt to prosecute the bond andjthe
defaulting postmaster as it might have been. But
I do not understand that it is alleged here as an
equitable consideration, that by reason of the fault
of the Government any security was lost that the
sureties would otherwise have had.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then the gentleman did not
notice anything I~said about it.
Mr. OLIN. I did listen to the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM, i beg leave to say that every
dollar of this amount, as the account shows, was
actually received by the defaulting postmaster
after notice of default, and after it had become the
duty of the Postmaster General to sue the bond.
I stated further that the Postmaster General even
permitted the postmaster to abscond, carrying off
the money. I suppose that was excusing the se-
curity.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman does not answer
the question. Do the facts in this ease show that
if suit had been commenced at any given moment
after default was made, the Government would
have recovered the money from the postmaster,
and would not have had to resort to the sureties?
Mr. BINGHAM. The facts certaihiy show
that if suit had been brought when notice of de-
fault was first given, and if the postmaster had
been then removed as a defaulter, those other
moneys which came into his hands afterwards,
and which constitute the matter in controversy,
would never have been received by him. The
Post Office account shows that there were as many
as seven quarterly defaults of this postmaster, cov-
ering a period of a year and three quarters. These
parties gave notice previous to the third of these
defaults, and we have reported in favor of refund-
ing the amount paid for the last five defaults. That
is what we "have done. If the Postmaster Gen-
eral had done his duty, this claim would not have
been here.
Mr. OLIN. One other inquiry, as the gentle-
man is very courteous, upon this subject. Were
those sureties aware of the default of their prin-
cipal ?
Mr. BINGHAM. They were not only aware
of it, but they gave notice of the fact to the Post-
master General.
Mr. OLIN. And yet after the notice the sure-
ties paid the money voluntarily into the Treas-
ury, and made no defense to the suit?
Mr. BINGHAM. They paid the money under
protest, as I have said, under the advice of emi-
nent counsel, that the delay of the Postmaster
General could not be plead in their defense.
Now, Mr. Speaker?it has been well settled in
the circuit court of the southern district of the
gentleman's own State, that payment of money
into the United States Treasury before suit, under
protest, was not a voluntary payment of money,
and can be so claimed. That principle was laid
down in the case of the United States vs. Collier,
affiimed by the Supreme Court. I aver that the
record shows that fact. So much for that.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman sees perfectly well
that I cheerfully yield to him whenever he wishes
to make any explanation or to state any fact, and
I hope I am practicing good manners, if I do not
profess to be a teacher of good manners; and I
think almost any one would be a little astonished
that any person should apply to the gentleman
from Ohio for that purpose, however destitute
might be his condition in that' respect in this
House. [Laughter.]
The only equities, then, 1 think, to which my
friend is reduced, so far as this bill is concerned,
are that some court of law had decided in a cer-
tain way, and that if the petitioner m this case
had chosen to defend the suit, and had the law
been held as that other court had held it to be, he
could have successfully defended it. That is the
equity of this case as against the General Govern-
ment, under which these parties claim the right
to have this money refunded. Sir, if that prin-
ciple were recognized and adopted in the States,
as well as in the General Government, both Con-
gress and the Legislatures of the States would be
constantly employed the year round in making
appropriations to indemnify parties for improper
judicial decisions, or by reason of their being in-
duced not to controvertat law claims made against
them.
As I said before, this question of the liability
of sureties upon bonds to the Federal Govern-
ment has become, in the estimation of the people
throughout the country, a perfect farce. Some
means are always devised, and generally success-
fully devised, to avoid ail legal liability of such
surety. A new theory has recently been devised
in the city of New York, by which a defaulting
postmaster's sureties were discharged from lia-
bility. It has, I think, somewhat astonished the
legal world in respect to the decision arrived at
in that case, if I understood the facts upon which
the decision was made.
Now, the very object of the bond was that,
during the continuance in office, for every breach
of official duty of any officer appointed by the
General Government the sureties should be held
liable to the same extent that the officer himself
was responsible to the General Government. The
only end or object of having sureties for an officer
was that they should be held thus responsible.
If the delay of a day upon the prut of the officers
of the Government to bring suit when the default
was known is to release the sureties, it would be
straining the point of law to such an extent as to
avoid all judicial responsibility upon the part of
the sureties.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will my col-
league allow me to make a remark?
Mr. OLIN. With pleasure.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. It was said the
