1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
37th CoNa....2D Sess.
Emancipation and its Besults, &c.—Mr. Cox,
Ho. of Reps.
United States, and that negroes are citizens. In
disregarding the decision of the Federal court
against negro citizenship, I am at a loss to see
what sanction the supreme court of Maine, or the
ipse dixit of- my colleague, ought to have. But,
waiving; that, it was answered by a Republican
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who de-
nied that negroes ought to be placed on an equal
footing, in the States, with white citizens. Judge
Douglas, whose word is now so sacred where
once it was so contemned, said:
il As* to the power of a State to excludc negro population
from her limits., I had hoped there was no dispute at this
day. If Maine chooses to encouiage a colored instead of
a white population, it is their right to do so. There are
matters which belong to the sovereignty of each State to
decide for itself. Maine has decided one way, Illinois
another. I thought that lor several years wc had recognized
this doctrine completely."
He might well have thought so, with the Kan-
sas Topeka constitution in his mind, which the
Republicans had indorsed, and which made it the
duty of the first Legislature to pass laws to pro-
hibit the introduction of free negroes into Kansas.
At the conclusion of the debate it was generally
conceded that although members might, in their
discretion, vote against Oregon on accountof this
prohibition of free negroes, that after a State was
admitted, she had the full right to make what po-
lice regulations she pleased as to her population.
Oregon was admitted with this constitution. No
question has ever been raised, either in the courts
of her State or the United States, as to the legal-
ity of her prohibition. I know that my colleague,
in the most brilliant speech of his life, argued
against the exclusion of negroes from Oregon as
unconstitutional, inhuman, and atrocious. He
argued the question ably. He distinguished be-
tween the conventional rights of suffrage and the
natural right of locomotion and emigration. He
is consistent to-day with his record then; but, in
my opinion, consistently wrong. It never was in-
tended, and it is not so written in the Constitution,
that the States should give up the right to regu-
late the character of their immigration. If it were
not so, there could be no safety to property, lib-
erty, or life,under Stnte institutions. A commu-
nity of Mormons or Thugs might take possession
of a State, and there would be no remedy. This
leserved right for self-protection to the State has
never been given up, nor can the delegation of this
power be inferred from any general phrase in the
instrument like that which declares that " the cit-
izens of each State shall be entitled to all the rights
and immunities of citizens of the several States."
If it were thus inferable, we might then conclude
that the Supreme Court of the united States were
wrong in-deciding that negroes were not citizens.
But history and precedent show that the Supreme
Court were right; and although they decided it in
the Drcd Scjjttcase, no one contends that this part
of that decision was coram non judice. It is au-
thoritative upon all citizens.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to say that I deny it.
Mr. COX. The question of jurisdiction in that
case depended on citizenship; and when the ques-
tion ofjurisdiction was decided against Dred Scott,
because he was not a citizen, it has been argued
that the rest of the decision was coram non judice.
It was perfectly proper in that case to decide as to
the citizenship; for on that turned the question of
jurisdiction.
2. The right and power to exclude Africans
from the States North, being compatible with our
system of State sovereignty and Federal suprem-
acy, ( assert that it is impolitic, dangerous, de-
grading, and unjust to the white men of Ohio and
of the North, to allow such immigration.
By the census of 1860, in Ohio, wc have thirty-
six thousand two hundred and twenty-five col-
ored persons out of a population of two millions
three hundred and thirty-nine thousand five hun-
dred and fifty-nine. As a general thing, they are
vicious, indolent, and improvident. They num-
ber as yet one hlacft to about sixty-three whites;
but their ratio of increase, during the last ten
years, has been 43.30 per cent., while that of the
white increase is only 17.82 per cent.
About one tenth of out convicts are negroes.
I gather from the census of 1850 that four tenths
of the female prisoners are blacks, although they
compose but one eightieth of the female popula-
tion of Ohio. In Massachusetts the convicts in
the penitentiary are one sixth black; Connecticut,
one third; New York, one fourth. In Ohio the
blacks are notagriculturists. They soon become
waiters, barbers, and otherwise subservient to the
whites. They have just enough consequence
given to them by late events to be pestilent. The
resistance of the abolitionists to the Federal au-
thority in Ohio, within the past three years, was
abetted by colored men, some of whom had re-
ceived schooling enough at Oberlin to be vain and
ostentatiously seditious.
The last Legislature of Ohio, by their commit-
tee, gave their proteges this certificate of character
in their report:
"The negro race is looked upon by the people of Ohio
as a class to he kept by themselves—to be debarred of
social intercourse with the whites—to be deprived ot all
advantages which they cannot enjoy in common with their
own class.
" Deprived of the advantages here enumerated, It could
not be expected that he should attain any great advance-
ment in social improvement. Generally, the negro in OJjio
is lazy, ignorant, and vicious." ^
If this be true, it would be well to inquire why
energetic legislation was not had, in view of the
emancipation schemes here impending, to prevent
this lazy, ignorant, and vicious class from over-
running our State. Such legislation was asked
and refused.
If further testimony is needed as to the feeling
of the people of Ohio and the Northwestas to the
blacks, I refer you to the speech of an Ohio Sen-
ator, [Mr. Sherman.] Speaking in favor ofeman-
cipation in this District, he balanced himself on
the slack wire after this fashion:
" This is a good place to begin emancipation for another
reason. This is a very paradise for free negroes. Here they
enjoy more social equality than they do anywhere el<e. In
the State where I live we do not like negroes. We do not
diPguisc out dislike. As my friend fiom Indiana [Mi.
Wright] &aid yesterday, the whole people of the noiih-
wefiejn States uio, for reasons, whether correct or not,
opposed to having many negroes, among them, and that prin-
ciple or piejudice luis boon ingrafted in the legislation of
nearly alt the noithwestern States."
It is a fine thing, the Senator thinks, to free the
negroes here; not so good in Ohio. Here they
have a paradise; in Ohio, its opposite, I suppose.
If the Senator could visit Green's Row, within the
shadow of this Capitol, henceforth " Tophet and
black Gehenna called, the type of hell," and note
the squalor, destitution, laziness, crimc, and deg-
radation there beginning to fester; if he could visit
the alleys in whose miserable hovels the blacks
congregate, he would hardly be reminded of the
paradise which Milton sang, with its amaranthine
flowers, [laughter,] its blooming trees of life, its
golden fruitage, its amber rivers rolling o'er ely-
sian flowers, its hills and fountains and fresh
shades, its dreams of love, and its adoration of
God. Alas! he would find nothing here to remind
him of that high estate in Eden, save the fragrance
of the spot and the nakedness of its inhabitants.
[Laughter.]
If the rush of free negroes to this paradise
continues, it would be a blessing if Providence
should send Satan here, in the form of a serpent,
and an angel to drive the descendants of Adam and
Eve into the outer world. Ifit continues, you will
have no one heie but Congressmen and negroes,
and that will be punishment enough. [Laughter.]
You will have to enacta fugitive law, to bring the
whites to their capital. [Laughter.]
The condition of the negroes here is not unlike
their condition in OhicpPcrhaps it is worse here
than in Ohio, for their numbers are so much more
here in proportion to the population.
This population already on our hands m Ohio
we can take care of; but if we cannot stop more
from coming into Ohio, there is no sense in be-
ginning to colonize the free blacks which we have
on hand. I make no-proposition as to them now.
They do not, except in certain localities, interfere
greatly either with our laws or our labor. But
the question of allowing more to come in, is the
question I discuss, notas to what we shall do with
what we have. This is a question as giganticas
the schemes of emancipation. It is a practical
question, as the war is already throwing them
within our borders in areat numbeis.
Slavery may be an evil, it may be wrong for
southern men to use unpaid labor, but what will
be the condition of the people of Ohio when the
free jubilee shall have come in its^ipe and rotten
maturity ? If slavery is bad, the condition of the
State of Ohio, with an unrestrained black popu-
lation, only double'Svhat we now have partly sub-
servient, partly slothful, partly criminal, and all
disadvantageous and ruinous, will be far worse.
I do not speak these things out of any unkind-
ness to the negro. It is not for the interest of the
free negroes of my State that that class of the pop-
ulation should be increased. I speak as their friend
when I oppose such immigration.
Neither do I blame the negro altogether for his
crime, improvidence, and sloth. He is under a
sore calamity in this country. He is inferior, dis-
tinct, and separate, and he has, perhaps, sense
enough to perceive it. The advantages and equal-
ity of the white man can never be his. As Dr.
Fuller expresses it:
" He sees and knows that it is his color only, that color
given luni by God, which excludes hini and his posterity
from this noble and ennobling competition. And now, what
must be the effect upon his character I It is impossible but
that the worst feelings, envy, hatred, vindictiveness, will
secretly work in his bosom, rendering him unhappy in linn-
self, and dangerous to the country. Already have we had
fearfij/ premonitions flashing up here and there; and rest
assured, nothing but fear represses the utterauce,deep and
loud, of passions which arc only the more fierce because as
yet they can have no vent. If the free African is to lemain
in this countiy, he must either enjoy social equality and
amalgamate with the white race, which is impossible, or
lie will be discontented, unhappy, and will be ultimately
exterminated. He would not be fit for freedom, he would
not be a man, if he oould be satisfied with his position."
If history teaches anything, it is that it is as
hard to make a servile people free as a free peo-
ple slaves, and that a conflict of races, which must
result from this policy of emancipation, will only
end in the destruction of the weaker. Rome,
Greece, West India, all point to the great mistake
of breaking rudely the social system of a people.,
It was only the other day that the news from Ja-
maica tola us of the insurrection of slaves, and
their attack on a principal city. A year of so ago,
if we arc to credit Andiew Johnson, the insurrec-
tion of negroes in East Tennessee was caused by
a fear that the whites would exterminate the negro
population masse, from a jealousy of negro la-
bor. In this city, at any moment, we may look
for an emeule occasioned by the crowding out of
white labor by black contrabands. The Govern-
ment is now paying, to support negroes, thou-
sands of dollars weekly, out of the hard-earned
money of the people, raised to put down the re-
bellion; so at Fortress Monroe; so at Port Royal.
When I offered a resolution of inquiry as to the
amount thus diverted, on motion of the member
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] it was voted down.
Let us heed the lesson which history has given
in other times, as to what is convenient and ad-
vantageous under similar circumstances. France
broke the fetters from the Haytien blacks, under
the lead of Jacobins like the member from Illi-
nois. In less than a half century, the industry
and commerce of Hayti were annihilated; the.
Sabbath, the family, and the school became obso-"
lete; the missionaries were more in danger—as
the historian of the West Indies, Mr. Edwards,
says—ofbeingeaten than of being heard. [Laugh-
ter.] Baptist, Methodist, and Episcopalian min-
isters were expelled with a persecution equal to
that exhibited lately on the mountains of Syria.
Hayti was free! But her freedom was the free-
dom of fiends. Unschooled and undisciplined,
she ran riot in her liberty. Her career has but
one advantage. It admonishes us of what our fate
shall be if we are launched on the same stormful
sea.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. COX. sir; I will not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I raise the question
of order, that I am entitled to ask the gentleman
a question, inasmuch as he alluded to some mem-
ber from the State of Illinois. I want to know to
whom he referred. He called some gentleman
from Illinois a Jacobin.
Mr. COX. That is no point of order; but I
will tell the gentleman in confidence whom i
meant. I meant him. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is what I wanted to
know. Now, I want to ask the gentleman an,other
question.
Mr. COX. I did not mention anybody's name;
but the gentleman at once saw the appropriateness
of the appellation.
