1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1^5
other day, if I understood the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] correctly, that the merits of
thiscase consisted largely in the fact that the ob-
ligee in this bond is the United States, against
whom the same defense could not be set up that
might have been interposed and would have been
«ood against an individual. In other words, that
the non-action of the United States, if it had been
indulged in by an individual, would as a defense
set up by tHe surety have been fatal to an enforce-
mentof the bond. Upon this suggestion I have a
remark to make, with the consent of my colleague,
and 1 will thank him, or the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, who I see means to say a word
upon the subject to enlighten the House upon it.
IVJy understanding of this law is this: that in no
case is the mere fact of delay, the mere laches of
the holder of the bond, a defense in favor of the
surely; but that, on the contrary, in order to dis-
charge the surety on a bond or note the holder
of that obligation must have made a binding agree-
ment with the principal debtor by which the per-
formance of the obligation is extended, or the ob-
ligation in some way varied. If such binding
agreement be made, the original agreement is
changed and the surety is discharged. This is
true, however slight by the second agreement is
the enlargement of time; for, in the language of
Chancellor Kent, if the liability of the surely is
" gone for a moment it is gone foicver " if such
be the law, and a citizen of the United States had
been the holder of this bond, and had delayed pre-
cisely as the Government is said to have delayed,
the surety could not have set up the laches as a
defense pet* sey nor as an allegation establishing an
equity which in any forum would answer a pro-
ceeding to enforce his liability.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that 1 made no such suggestion as that
at ail ? I claim no such thing at all.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I qualified my
reference to the statement of the gentleman with
some care, in ouler to guard againstany discussion
upon the accuracy of my repetition of his remarks.
I said that this doctrine was stated in substance
h)T the gentleman from Ohio, if I understood him
correctly. I did not say that he said so, though
I am quite sure that gentlemen around me under-
stood the gentleman to state distinctly and with-
out qualification what I have repeated.
Mr. BINGEiA.M. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. He has not stated my prop-
osition corrcctly atall. What I said was, that by
the statutes of the States it is provided oftentimes
—1 know it is so m my own State, and I think it
is so in others—that the sureties upon a bond may,
by giving notice in writing, require suft to be^
brought against the principal debtor, in default of
which the sureties arc discharged from their ob-
ligation.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the gentle-
man speak of laws in the States?
Mr. BINGHAM. Such is the law in my own
State.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is there any such
statute here5
Mr. BINGHAM. The law requires that suit
shall be brought within three months after the
first default. The law, however, does not provide
that failure so to bring suit shall discharge the
sureties from their obligations. But I hold that
such being the requirement of the law, the failures
of the Postmaster General for seven consecutirO"
quarteid to bring suit constitutes an equity upon
which this House may very properlyact,although
it would not, under the law, constitute a defense
against a suit on the bond. j
"Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I want the floor
a moment in reply.
Mr. COLFAX. I want the floor for two or j
fchr^e minutes. ,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Allow me asm- ]
gle word of reply to the gentleman from Ohio, j
In the first place, my opinion would be that the !
statute cited isonlydirectorv,and does not change. ^
in this regard the rights of the parties here con- i
cerned. '
Again: when he puis it upon the ground of ;
equity, I desire to make this ieplv,and to urge it !
upon his regard. The Government, on beluilt of j
v.'hu-h proposes to remit this money, unlike a ;
natural person, has no voice to speak with and no I
function to act by, except its agents. Theiefore, |
in weighing the equities, it will not do at all, in i
considering claims arising from the remissness of
agents, to try the principal always as if he were
a natural person, having all the time a voice and
action and intelligence of his own. The Govern-
ment, in that respect, is at the mercy of its agents
quite as much as those with whom it deals, and
therefore such a statute as he refers to in this case
varies not at all, in my judgment, the legal or
equitable rights of the parties.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to say
a few words in regard to the facts in this case. It
is not my purpose to interfere with the legal ques-
tion in dispute between the gentleman from New
York and the gentleman from Ohio, except to
quote the law which ought to govern our action
here.
I sympathize very heartily with those men who
have to pay money as security for others. I know
that it is very hard; and I know that there are in-
stances all over the country of men who by going
security for others have been broken up, and who
have seen their homesteads and everything that is
dear to them wrested from them as a consequence.
Yet, sir, in order to preserve the legitimate revenues
of the Post Office Department, it is absolutely
necessary that all securities should be held rigidly
to the strict letter of the law. There are twenty-
eight thousand postmasters which the Postmaster
Geneial has to appoint, whom he docs not see,
whom he knows but little of further than this,
that he has the security for each one of them of
two persons, who are known and guarantied to
be responsible, that he shall faithfully and hon-
estly discharge the duties of the office to which
lie has been appointed. So it is with the mail
contractors. The Postmaster General, under the
law, is compelled to give the contracts for carry-
ing the mails to the lowest bidders, whom he does
not know. For the preservation of the interests
of the Government, and to secure the performance
faithfully and honestly of the contracts for carry-
ing the mails, all the guarantee the Government
has are those seciuities. If you destroy this se-
curity system, then the revenues of the Post Office
Department will come speedily to an end. It is
possible now that we shall lose hundreds of thou-
sands of dollais in the South, by reason of the
expiration of the two years when postmasters and
their securities can be compelled to make payment
to the Department of their balances. Some think
that the time ought to be extended. Yet, if it
were, it would operate stringently upon postmas-
ters and their securities in the loyal States.
It must be recollected that the Post Office De-
partment sends out to these postmasters postage
stamps, winch are equivalent to money. The
postmasters can order whatever number of stamps
they may choose, proportionate to the revenues
of the office, and the only security that we have for
the stamps or the money thus advanced, is the
solvency and responsibility of the two men who
are the sureties upon the postmaster's bond.
These sureties aie not compelled to remain upon
the bond of a postmaster. The law does not com-
pel them to remain upon the bond if they do not
want to. In reference to that matter, the law of
183fi provides as follows:
Sfc. 14. +1ndbc it further enacted t That when anyone
oi moie of the, aiueties of a postmaster *hall notify to the
i'e^tniaster Geneial their desire to be ideated from their
  -iWvbmp. or when the postmaster Genera! shall deem it
i A'ce^aiv.'he shall reqiuie the  aid postmaster to execute
'anew bom!, with secmity, which, when accepted by the
PostuMhtci General, shall be sis valid si«? the bond given
upon the oi igmal appointment of said po^tma^er, and the
sureties in the puoi bond fhall be released fiom ie-ponM-
lulitv lor all acts or delault* of -said postmaster which may
be done or committed subsequent to the acceptance of tiie
new bond, the date of which shall be indorsed thereon."
Mr. BINGHAM. Suppose they make that
request, and the Postmaster General answers that
the law is not directory.
Mr. COLFAX. But it is positive.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is no more positive than
the other law.
Mr. COLFAX. If the sureties believe that the
postmaster is dishonest, and desire to be relieved,
they can be relieved by notifying the Postmaster
General of their withdrawal from the postmaster's
bond.
Mr. BINGHAM. But they are never dis-
charged from the bond until new sureties aie pro-
cured and make another bond.
Mr. COLFAX. The law gives this alternative:
if the sureties feel that the postmaster is dishon-
est, they can be relieved from remaining op. Ins
bond; or if the Department is not satisfied that
the sureties are responsible men, it can make
the postmaster execute a new bund with new
sureties.
I come now to the section of the law which was
previously referred to by the gentleman fromOhio.
It is the thirteenth section of the law of 1825, and
I will read it:
" Sec. 13. And he it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster Geneial, upon the appointment of
any postmaster, to require and take, of such postmaster,
bond, with good and approved security, in suell penalty as
he may judge sufficient, conditioned for the faithful dis-
charge of all tiie duties of such postmaster required by law,
or which maybe required by any instruction or general rule
for the government of tiie Department."
As I have already stated, Mr. Speaker, I sym-
pathize with the sureties who are compelled to
pay money for others. But the law must be en-
forced. If this bill be passed, it will be the estab-
lishment of a precedent, and other like cases will
come up to us from all parts of the country. If
you do not enforce this surety system in all in-
stances, there will be an end to the revenues of
the Post Office Department. It is absolutely ne-
cessary that the system should be maintained
intact. We have twenty-eight thousand post-
masters-, and thousands of mail contractors, for
whose faithful and honest performance of duty we
have only this guarantee. If we strike it down,
you must notcompiain if the Postmaster General
reports to you that his Department lias become
more and more a burden 011 the Treasury.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] admits that these sureties have no
case in law. He is not willing to admit that the
section he refers to is directory, yet his whole ar-
gument is a clear admission that he does so regard
it. If it is other than directory, it is obligatory,
not only upon the officer to whom the command
is given, but upon the Government for whom that
officer acts. If it is provided by the law that suits
shall be brought within three months after the
defalcation, and the parties are bound by it, then it
is plain to the mind of every lawyer in this House
that it may be pleaded as a defense m a suit brought
for subsequent defalcation. It strikes me that no
legal proposition can be clearer than this. But the
section relied upon by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] cannot be pleaded because it is
meiely directory; but that which follows declares
that no suit shall be brought after two years.
The one section is obligaiory and the other is
directory. This is no anomaly,as we ofien find
similar provisions in the la'ws of the States as well
as in the laws of Congress. These parties seeking
redress at our hands have no case in law. They
had their lawyers present, who advised them to
make voluntary payment. I will not stop to dis-
cuss whether the payment was, in the sense in
which the gentleman from Ohio used it,involun-
tary, or whether it was voluntary, in the sense of
the gentleman from New York. I do not see that
there is any real disagreement between them. The
former, I am sure, will nol say the payment was
compulsory. Their counsel advised them that it
would be useless to stand a suit at law, as they had
no (iefense in law; and their counsel, upon whom
my colleague here passes compliments, cleaily
understood the law, which he quotes as merely
directory, or he would have given them very dif-
ferent advice. Then, sir, I take it that this part
of the case is disposed of; that these sureties never
had a defense in law, and that the payment of the
money was clearly voluntary; for, sir, if I pay
money without a demand, it is voluntary; if I pay
it after demand, it is voluntary; if I pay it upon
suit brought it is voluntary; but after judgment
rendered against me, it, for the first time, becomes
a compulsory payment.
In addition to this, sir, they have no claim in
equity any more than they have in law, and I was
opposed, therefore, to the action of the Committee
on the Judiciary recommending the refunding of
this money. It is, as far as 1 now remember, the
first ease of the kind which has come before the
Committee on the Judiciary for the last three
years where a release or a refunding of the money
has been recommended, and I Jcnow that much
stronger cases than this have been refused, one of
which 1 have now very clearly in my mind. I
j was, therefoie, astonished at the action of the
committee upon this bill. I say they have no case
in equity any more than they have in law; and if
any gentleman here held a different opinion about
