THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
jt before the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads made his remarks,
they have become satisfied, surely, that they were
under a misapprehension. ... ,
Now, sir, what did those sureties do 111 order
to be relieved? Did they act with prudence? Did
they do everything which they could doand every-
thing which they ought to have done to relieve
thejmseives ? It is said that they gave a notice of
the defalcation. So be it. It would appear that
after they had given notice of a quarter's defalca-
tion, the amount for that quarter was paid up to
theDepartment;and these defalcations from which
relief is sought were on subsequent quarters of
which they gave no subsequent notice. Well, sir,
they were required to do more than they did; and
1 suggest that their action shows that they sub-
sequently acquiesced and were willing to stand as
sureties for this postmaster; for they gave notice,
I repeat, of the one quarter's defalcation which
was afterwards made up, but gave no notice as to
the defalcations which occurred subsequently; and
as they did nothing further, they are presumed to
have acquiesced as sureties for their principal.
Mr. BAKER. I beg to correct the gentleman.
The first quarter was not paid up after notice to
the Department.
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, then, we are sadly at
odds and ends here about the facis. It is my un-
derstanding, and it litis been repeated here in the
course of the argument—and I still believe it to
be the fact—that the defalcations occurred subse-
quently to the notice; but I do not care whether
they did or did not. The non-action of these sure-
ties clearly indicated that they were not restless
under the obligations of their bond, but were still
willing to stand as sureties. Why did they not
give subsequent notice? Why did not thoy insist
on being released when this postmaster was con-
stantly abstracting public moneys and putting
them in his own pocket? But, sir, they entered
into this bond knowing what they were doing.
Undoubtedly they knew what the law was, and
what it was necessary for them to do in order to
be released. They had theirV,ounscl at hand,
whom they were consulting. Why did not they
require the Postmaster General to relieve them
and take new security? That they did not do so
is conclusive that they acquiesced in continuing
his sureties.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are 110 cases, so far as
I know, of money paid by sureties but what arc
cases of hardship. If a man goes security for a
rascal and loses his money, it is Ins misfortune.
It is well that he should pay it, as it will give him
a little experience that may be of advantage to
him in after life. 1 have on several occasions paid
money in this way, and never asked to have it
refunded, and I do not think I over shall ask it.
I think that when men become sureties for a ras-
cal they ought to pay. 1 recommend to these sure-
tiesChristiun resignation,and a resolve to be more
careful in the selection of their friends for the
future.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. OL1N. I withdraw the motion to recon-
S^ei' DRUNKENNESS IN TUB All.UY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to offer a
resolution to which I think there will be 110 ob-
jection. Ithasapaiticularapplication,andI think
the House will agree that it ought to have uni-
versal application.
The Clerk redd the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President bo requested to strike the
name ot'any ofiieei from the toll-- who li'e. been known to
be at any nine while 111 service intoxicated by the use of
spiutuous liquois.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. 1 object to that. It
is too severe. If it referred to officers habitually
intoxicated,! think it ought to pass unanimously;
but for a single act of intoxication the penalty is
too severe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iam willing that
the resolution shall be modified as suggested. Mr.
Speaker, it will'be noticed that in the recent en-
gagement of our forces at Yorlctown on the lGth
of the month, a veiy few companies of Vermont
troops were ordered to a position of extreme peril
and performed, perhaps, one of the most gallant
exploits that has been witnessed during this war.
About two companies were ordered to take a cer-
tain battery, and they went across a stream and
did take the position, driving out the enemy, and
held it for fifty minutes in the face of a foe num-
bering something like three thousand men—three
regiments under General Cobb—and during all
that time were not supported or reinforced by the
general who was upon the ground. At last they
retired, and the rcdael papers report that all but
eight were slaughtered. That is not true, but the
slaughter was not only great, but useless.
Now, I am informed by a most respectable gen-
tleman , a civilian, who was present at the time, and
saw the general, that he was grossly drunk, and
it was reported had fallen from his horse twice on
that day; that one side of hts person was covered
with mud, and that his face was also covered with
mud and had some blood on it. Under these cir-
cumstances, while I do not know that he was're-
sponsiblc for this blunder, yet if there are any men
in the Army who get into the condition that I am
assured he was in, they deserve to be stricken
from the rolls. No such man ought to be allowed
to control the destinies of brave men.
Mr. GURLEY. I would like the name of that
general.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I decline to give
the name.
The resolution, as modified, was then read and
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Piesident be requested to strike the
name of any officer from the rolls who has been known to
be habitually intoxicated by the use of spirituous liquors
while in the service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEDRO CIIABOYA.
Mr. HICKMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill (S. No. 106) to authorize the district court
of the United States for the northern district of
California to hear and determine on its merits, the
claim of Pedro Chaboya to a certain tract of land
in California, called " La Posa de San Juan Bau-
tista."
The bill was read. It authorizes and requires
the district court of the United States for the north-
ern district of California to hear and decide upon
the merits, the claim of Pedro Chaboya to a tract
of land described in his amended petition, filed in
said court on the loth of June, 1857, and called
"La Posa de San Juan Bautista," in the same
manner, and with the same jurisdiction, as if the
claim to the said tract of land had been duly pre-
sented to the board of land commissioners under
the provisions of the act entitled "A11 act to ascer-
tain and settle the private land claims in the State
of California," approved March 3, 1851, and an
appeal had been duly taken from their decision to
the said district court by the said Chaboya.
The second section provides that 011 the said
hearing, the testimony heretofore taken in said
court in relation to the saul claim 011 behalf of the
said claimant, or of the United States, may be
read, subject to all just exceptions to its compe- ]
tency; and additional testimony 011 either part igay
be taken, under the direction and order of.,fu|(l
district court, as to the validity of said claim, ult
the extent thereof.
The third section provides that an appeal may
be taken from the final decision and decree of said
district court to the Supreme Court of the United
States by either party, in accordance with the
provisions of the tenth section of the said act of
March 3, 1851.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether this bill
affecls the rights of private individuals on these
lands ?
Mr. HICKMAN. As I understand, it only
affects the single individual who is asking for this
legislation. It does not affect any other private
rights. It is merely to cure an informality. This
legislation is recommended by the district judge
for the northern district of California.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave to report a bill
from the Committee on Roads and Canals, with a
view to put it upon its passage.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the bills and resolutions
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
relative to the confiscation of the property of rebels,
as follows; the question being on the motion of
Mr. Pendletcn to lay them all on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 126) to forfeit the property
and slaves of persons who shall engage in, or
aid and abet, armed rebellion against the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 107) to forfeit the property
and slaves of persons who shall engage in, or
aid and abet, armed rebellion against the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 106) to facilitate the sup-
pression of rebellion and prevent its return;
A bill (H. R. No. 110) making it a penal offense
for any officer or private of the Army or Navy to
capture or return, or aid in the capture or return,
of fugitive slaves;
A bill (H. R. No. 128) to punish treason, and
to provide a more effectual mode for the collection
of taxes imposed by Congress, and to furnish a
fund to remunerate the losses of loyal citizens,
and to provide homesteads for soldiers employed
in suppressing the present rebellion;
Joint resolution (PI. R. No. 11) relative to the
right and duty of the President in regard to per-
sons held as slaves in any military district m a
state of insurrection;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 13) concerning the
rebellion;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 14) in relation to
persons claimed as slaves in the States now in re-
bellion;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) in relation to
the confiscation of the property of rebels;
Joint resolution (PI. R. No. 18) to facilitate the
suppression of the rebellion and prevent its, re-
turn;
A resolution (Mis. Doc. No. 9) as to the pow-
ers of the President of the United States over the
Army and Navy;
A resolution (Mis. Doc. No. 3) relative to the
confiscation of the property of rebels;
A resolution 011 the subject of military orders
for the return of slaves;
A resolution relative to the expediency of mak-
ing void all sales, transfers, and dispositions of
piopeity of every kind, by peisons engaged in
insurrection against the United States; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 54)*in relation to
the powers of the Piesident of the United States.
Mr. RINGHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 38, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Joseph Baily, Biddle, Francis P.
Blair, Jacob TS. Blair, William G. Blown, Calveit. Casey,
Clements, Cuttendcn, Diven, Dunlap, IUII, Hauling, Ilai-
rison, Knapp, Law, Lehman, Mailoiy, .May. Menzies,
Morris, Noble, Noel!, Noiton, Nu<;on, Price, James S. Rol -
lins, Sniltli, John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Vallandighain, Vibbard, Voorhees, Ward, Chilton
A. White, and Woodruff—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldneli, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, Bax-
l.f^r, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Baffin-
ton, Chnmbcilin, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkhng, Oovode,
Cutler, Davis, Duell, Dunn, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Fe&senden, Franchot, Frank, Goocli, Gianger, Guiley,
Ilanehott, Ilickman, Hooper, Julian, ICelley, Franeis W.
Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy. McK'liglit, McPlierson, Miteh-
e 11, M001 head, Justin S. Moirill, Nixon, Oliil, Patton, I'llie,
Poiter. Potter, John II. liiee, lliddle, Edward H. Rollins,
Sareeilt, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabargei. Stevens, Stratton,
Trimble. Tiowbud^e. Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wifll,
E. I'. Walton, Albert S. White, Wilson, Wnuloin, and
Worccstei~66.
So the House refused to lay the bills and joint
resolutions 011 the table.
Dunug the vote,
Mr. BUPFINTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Alley, was paired on this question with
Mr. Co USING.
Mr. DAVIS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Campbell, had been called away 011 business,
and had paired off with Mr. Haigiit.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that his colleague,
Mr. Morrill, had been called to New York, to
take leave of his daughter, who was about to
start for Europe.
