246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
3*7x11 Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation and its Results, dc.—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We will try that when I
come to answer the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield the floor to the gentleman from Illinois ?
Mr. COX. I do not.
The London Times gives a truthful picture of
the freed negro of Hayti, which has its counter-
part here already:
4< The negro is a lazy animal, without any foresight, and
therefore requiring to be led and compelled. He is de-
cidedly inferior, very little raised above a mere animal.
He is void of self-reliance, and is the creature of circum-
stances. scarcely fitted to take care of himself; ha® no care
for to-morrow j has no desire for property strong enough to
induce him to labor; lives from hand to mouth. In Ja-
maica emancipation has thrown enormous tracts of land
out of cultivation, and on these the negro squats, getting
all lie wants with very little trouble, and sinking, in the
most absolute fashion, back to the savage state."
But it may be urged that there were too many
blacks for the whites in the West Indies, and the
experiment failed in consequence. Then let us
go to Canada, where our slaves are under Eng-
lish laws, and in the midst of people not specially
prejudiced. The testimony is that settlements at
Chatham, Dawn ,Amherstburg, Buxton, Dresden,
and other points arc utter failures. It was soon
discovered that the blacks preferred charity to
labor. The blacks proved lazy, shiftless, im-
provident, " there not being more than three or
four families of a different character out of the
one hundred and fifty which comprised the settle-
ment at Buxton. They suffer terribly in winter
for want of clothing. The Dresden settlement,
planned on the principle of the Socialists, proved
a total failure. A few years since Chatham was
a bright and prosperous village; but now more
than a quarter of its population are negroes, and
three fourths of them are worthless idlers and
peity thieves."
But itjiiay still be ur^ed that in the North—in
Ohio—tne free negro will work, will rise, will add
to the security of the State and the prosperity of
the people. I select one from a string of black
gems. I sclect it from the district of my fiiend,
[Mr. Harrison,] who will avouch itscorrectncss.
Greene county, Ohio, has nearly fifteen hundred
negroes. The following extract from the Xenia
(Ohio) News, (a Republican paper in Greene
county,) will give some idea of their condition:
"Tht rc are about one hundred iiegroesinGrecnccounty
who arc always out of employment. A part of these arc
those who hove lately been freed by their masters, and fur-
nished with a bonus, on which they arc now gentlemanly
loafing. Our jail is continually tilled with negroes com-
mitted for petty oilon^cs, .such as affrays, petty Jaieeny,
drunkenness, assault and battery, for whose prosecution
and imprisonment the town of Xenia has to pay about five
hundred dollars per annum. And to such persons going to
jatl w rather a pleasure than a disgrace. They aie belter
fed and lodged then; than when vagabondizing round oui
streets.
u We have seen negro prostitutes flaunting down Main
street, three or four abreast, sweeping all before them in-
discriminately. We have seen ladies of respectability run-
ning upon the collar doors, and even into gutter^, to avoid
being run over by these impudent hussies. It was only the
other evening that we sawalady completely turned around
by some black girls, who never deviated from their path in
the middle of the sidewalk, and our own cheek has burned
with indignation at the lecherous smile of invitation which
has been flung into our faces by these swarthy demoiselles.
Other gentlemen have complained of the insulting boldness
of their nddruss. But we are sickened with the recital. U
is a disagreeable task to lance the sore which has long been
gathering-unheeded; and it is equally so to probe this evil,
which unawares is growing in our midst. As we have in
a former number already said, we feel no prejudice against
the black man on account of color, or for mere degrada-
tion; but, at the same time, we are unwilling that we
should bo morally infected by contact with an inferior race,
the result of which contact is in no way beneficial to the
black, and highly injurious to the white."
Some years ago, there was a negro colony es-
tablished in Brown county, Ohi<j, as to which the
Cincinnati Gazette said that "in a little while the
negroes became too lazy to play." A Senator in
Ohio characterized the colony as follows:
"The black settlement in Brown county was made in
1819, the original numborlocated there being four hundred
and twenty, for whom about two thousand acres of land
were procured. From the commencement there has been
no improvement in their morals or habits. Idleness and
vice are the prevailing concomitants. The cost of criminal
prosecutions has been very large in proportion to the num-
ber of inhabitants, and keeps up a proportionate average
with their increase. In the vicinity ot this settlement, there
is not a family within two miles who arc not kept in con-
stant dread ot depredations or injury of some sort. Every-
thing valuable that can be removed is stolen. They are ab-
solutely compelled to confine themselves to what is merely
necessary to support iife, for anything beyond from hand to
mouth mubt inevitably fall a prey to the lurking vagrants,
who, far worse than a gang of gypsies, are hovering around
seeking literally what they may devour. And this state of
things is not confined to any section alone 5 it extends in a
greater or less degree wherever this portion of the popula-
tion is permanently located."
It might be a profitable calculation to ascertain
what will be the depreciation of property in Ohio,
if the numberless itinerant blacks from the South
are to be admitted to the State. The House will
remember the ineffectual efforts of Gerritt Smith
to make a black agricultural colony in New York.
He was obliged to confess that" the mass of them
rot both physically and morally." I could pro-
duce similar evidence from the New York Tri-
bune, but the strength of the statement would not
be increased by quoting from such a cesspool of
iniquity.
I lay down the proposition that the white and
black races thrive best apart; that a commingling
of these races is a detriment to both; that it does
not elevate the black, and it only depresses the
white; that the history of this continent, espe-
cially in Hispano-America, shows that stable
civil order and government are impossible with
such a population. In Peru their commingling
has led to the decay and degradation of their prog-
eny. Ds. Tschudi, in his travels in Peru, enum-
erates some dozen crosses of the negro, Indian,
and white, with their various and vicious pro-
ducts. The character of these mixed races is that
of brutality, cowardice, and crime, which has no
parallel in any age or land. If you permit the
dominant and subjugated races to remain upon the
same soil, and grant them any approach to social
and political equality, amalgamation, more orless,
is inevitable. It has invariably followed this
blending of people, however opposite the original
stocks. In illustration, let me quote the remark
of a distinguished divine, Dr. McGill:
"Look at Mexico, where the proud Castillian, the sub-
jugated Indian, and the barbarous African slave were all
made free and equal just about one generation, or thirty-
two years ago, by a single decree, to meet what was con-
sideicd ' a military necessity.5 More than half of the whole
population is already mixed blooded; and just as amalga-
mation advances, degradation deepens; anarchy prevails;
laws, constitutions, and the ballot-box are a mockei y; wave
after wave of military despotism has left that republic of
more than eight millions ot souls, one of the fairest regions
under heaven for the acquisition of wealth and glory, with-
out money, without credit, without commerce, without
union, without religion, until at length the ambition of
Spain herself seeks to remand the abject people to their old
repudiated thralidom."
Is this the fate to be commended to the Anglo-
Saxon-Celticpopulation of the United States5 Tell
me not that this amalgamation will not go on in the
North. What means the mulattoes in theNorth,
far exceeding, as the census of 1850shows, the mu-
lattoes of the South? There are more free mulattoes
than there arc free blacks in the free States. In
Ohio, there are seven mulatto children for one in
Virginia, according to the negro population; and in
Indiana and Illinois, there are five for one in Ten-
nessee and Georgia! As the white people of the
North do not marry blacks, these mulattoes must
have been born out of wedlock. While, then,
there are more mulattoes in the free States than
blacks; in the South, on the contrary, there is only
one mulatto to twelve blacks! How does this
occur ? I leave it to my colleague from the Port-
age district, [Mr. Edgerton,] who gave us his
opinions, in a pert way, about the Democratic ad-
dress. It is recorded that in his county a white
woman of Akron sued outs.habeas corpus, (for the
writ runs there yet, at lea#where there is color of
right,) to take a mulatto baby from a Mrs. Jones,
a negro woman, under whose care it had been
placed by its white mother, and who had become
attached to the pickaninny. In the course of the
discussion, Mrs. J. told the white woman that
she thought " if the white folks were mean enough
to have nigger babies, they ought to be willing'to
let colored people bring them up." [Laughter.]
So the judge decided. These little straws show
how to account for the preponderance of mulattoes
North.
The mixture of the races tends to deteriorate
both races. Physiology has called our attention
to the results of such intermarriages or connec-
tions. These results sho\%differences in stature
and strength, depending on the parentage, with a
corresponding difference, in the moral character,
mental capacity,and worth of labor. The mulatto
is not long lived. It is a fact that no insurance
company will insure theirlives. In New England
there is one blind negro for every 807, while at the
South there is one for every 2,635. In New Eng-
land there is one insane negro for every 980, while ,
in the South one for 3,080. If they were the only
insane persons there I would not complain. They
catch it there from the whites. [Laughter.] It
is neither philanthropic nor congenial to send the
negro to the North, where he wilts; when at the
congenial South he increases in numbers, even in
slavery ! Our statistician (Mansfield, p. 41,Ohio
Statistics, 1861,) boasts that Ohio has men of
greater height, by actual measurement, than Eng-
land, Belgium, or Scotland, and in breadth of
chest nearly equal to that of Scotland, and above
all others. I do not offer myself as a specimen.
[Laughter.] But how long before the manly,
warlike people of Ohio, of fair hair and blue eyes,
in a large preponderance, would become, in spite
of Bibles and morals, degenerate under the whole-
sale emancipation and immigration favored by
my colleague ?
The free negroes will become equal, or will con-
tinue unequal to the whites. Equality is a con-
dition which is self-protective, wanting nothing,
asking nothing, able to take care of itself. It is
an absurdity to say that two races as dissimilar
as black and white, of different oiigin, of unequal
capacity, can succeed in the same society when
placcd in competition. There is no such exam-
ple in history of the success of two separate races
under such circumstances.
Less than sixty years ago, Ohio had thousands'
of an Indian population. She has now but thirty
red men in her borders. The negro, with a dif-
ference of color indelible, has been freed under
every variety of circumstances; but his freedom
has too often been nominal.
Prejudice, stronger than all principles, though
not always stronger than lust, has imperatively
separated the whites from the blacks. In the
school-house, the church, or the hospital, the
black man must notseat himself beside the white;
even in death and at the cemetery the line of dis-
tinction is drawn.
To abolish slavery the North must go still fur-
ther and forget that fatal prejudice of race which
governs it, and which makes emancipation so il-
lusory. To give men their liberty, to open to
them the gates of the city, and then say, " there,
you shall live among yourselves, you shall marry
among yourselves, you shall form a separate so-
ciety in society," is to create a cursed caste, and
replacc slaves by pariahs.
Again: itisneitherconvenient noradvantageous
(o the State of Ohio to have this influx of blacks.
It may be abstractly wrong to debar them from
our State; but some one has wisely said, that "the
abstract principles of right and wrong we know,
but not the processes, nor the duration of their
working out in history. All white handkerchiefs
in Exeter Hall will not force the general congress
of nations to decide questions otherwise than by
the laws of convenience and advantage."
Were there no prejudices or instincts against
the color or race in our midst, a true State policy
would forbid such a horde of Africans as eman-
cipation would send to Ohio. Ohio has a larger
circuit of slave territory abutting^on her border
than any other northern State. The Ohio river
runs over five hundred miles along our border,
dividing us from Kentucky and Virginia. Illinois
and Indiana forbid all negroes from their States.
Since 1850 lowaand Wisconsin have had the same
policy. Is Ohio to be the only asylum for the
slaves of Virginia and Kentucky and the other
States South ? Suppose these schemes of emanci-
pation succeed, or suppose they do not: and the
emancipation incident to the war goes on, what
proportion of the slaves of the .South will cross
into Ohio ? They will not go to Canada, not now.
They will move into lower Ohio, with the con-
suming power of the army worm. By the census
in Virginia and Kentucky aloae, the colored peo-
ple number seven hundred and ninety thousand
one hundred and two '.
How many of these blacks would come to Ohio?
Is it high to calculate that one half of those in Vir-
ginia and Kentucky, and one fourth of those south
of Kentucky and Virginia will find a lodgment in
Ohio ? If the philanthropy of my colleague [Mr
Bingham] obtains, such will be the result.
