744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
be able to'find these reports. Now, I cannot find
them, nor do I know where to hunt for them; but
I do say that practically we have been -very much
neglected. I do not know anything about the re-
ports and recommendations of the Departments;
neither should I have much confidence in them if
they did make a recommendation. Everything
they have stated or reported about that country
has been mere guess-work, drawn mostly from
imagination, And very little of it the result of prac-
tical surveys and examinations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment, being
recommended by the Committee on Military Af-
yg fairs, is in order, and I do not feel disposed to
make any further debate about it. As I said to the
Senator, if he will put it in the same phraseology
with the other amendments and leave it to the dis-
cretion of the Executive to expend the money if it
is necessary at this time, when we are looking
around to see where we shall get any , I shall make
no objection to it. On this bill, which is applied
to old fortifications already commenced on proper
surveys, to ask that we shall imperatively require
the commencement of new works, leaving no dis-
cretion about it, is rather more than I am willing
to concede. I will concede as much to the Sen-
ator as I ask for myself, and 1 cannot very well
do more. I move to amend the amendment by in-
serting the words " if in the judgment of the Presi-
dent the same shall be advisable."
Mr. NESMITH. I accept the amendment of
the chairman of the Committee of Finance, and
modify my amendment in that way.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At sonic time I desire to
move the amendment to which I have referred. It
was said to be out of older a liule while since.
Now amendments seem to bo in order. I desire to
amend the proposed amendment by striking out
the words limiting the expenditure to the coast, of
Maine, and to the Narragnnselt bay, and leave
the thing; open, so that the President can exercise
his best judgment as to where to erect temporary
works of defense in any part of the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that the amendment of
the Finance Committee has been agreed to. The
Senator's motion, therefore, is not in order while
the bill is in Committee of the Whole, but will bo
in order when the bill shall have been reported to
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if the amendment
I indicated to strike out a part of the first section
is not now in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out all after
lino seven to lino forty of the first section, and to
insert, in lieu of all the specific appropriations
there contained:
FO[ tile l'i:p;tir> of tuii-h fuitiflcmiOiK the r>:i rn''y of
the public smvteo requires, n! .tidO.niin.
For th« construction ot' sufii fotiitH'atirm«, tii-!il\vnrk>4,
and other winks uf ili'tuuM' as the ; ui' the public,
service requip'\, $1,900,000,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr.GRIMES. The Senator from Maine stnted
that this bill merely proposed to continue fortifi-
cations already commenced. I desire to know if
that is the case in regard to the second clause in
the second section, which appropriates &7f>0,000
for forts oil the lakes. 1 desire to know if it is
intended to complete any forts that now exist at
Oswego, Ogdensburg, Niagara, Buffalo, Detroit,
Mackinaw, and the Sault Ste Marie.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how it is
in reference to some of them. There is a foit at
Mackinaw, and there aie old forts, I believe, at
all those places.
Mr. KING. At some of these places there are
no fortifications, where, in the discretion of the
War Department, it may be desirable that forts
be erected.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New York
is upon the Committee on Military Affairs, and
can doubtless inform me whether these forts are
mere wooden forts, such as were built for the pro-
tection of the frontier against, the Indians, or
whether they are stone fortifications and case-
mated forts.
Mr. ICING. I believe there are none of them
that are as complete as the fortifications for the
defense of the harbors on the Atlantic coast; but
some of them are substantial works, others earth-
work and timber. Most of these points are places
that have been fortified. Sackett's Harbor is an
important point, where the fortifications have been
kept up. It is not nam^d in this appropriation.
These are not of the extended character of the for-
tifications that are constructed at the large harbors
upon the Atlantic; yet they may be necessary
points for works. They were deemed to be dur-
ing the war with Great Britain in 1812, when they
were fortified. The object of all these forts must
be obvious to the Senate without any statement
in regard to them. I believe that the best means
of defending all our northern forts, is by a vigor-
ous prosecution of the war against our enemy now
in the field; and yet I am not prepared to refuse
appropriations for fortifications where so large a
portion of our population at these exposed points
are asking for them. I take a different view from
that suggested by the Senator from Maine, a few
moments since, as to the necessity of the expend-
iture of the entire amount appropriated for these
works. I should hesitate very much to vote for
this bill, if I regarded it as obligatory on the
Administration to expend all the money that is
appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did not get
any such opinion from me.
Mr. KING. I got it from the Senator, but I
may have misunderstood him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say anything
of that kind. I was speaking of the power.
Mr. KIJNG. As I said, I do not regard it as
incumbent on the Administration to expend the
entire amount of this money. In my opinion, it
is better that they should not; that our means
should be applied to a vigorous prosecution of
the war against the domestic enemy who arc now
in the field; and that that is the very best defense
for all parts of the country; and yet, as I said, I
am prepared to vote for this* bill, leaving it to the
discretion of the Administration, who have asked
for theso appropriations, to determine on the
amount of expenditure, and the emergency that
shall call for it.
Mr. GRIMES. All the other appropriations
that have been made arc of a specific character;
wo know exactly what they mean. They appro-
priate for a particular fort. We know where that
fort is. If we want to be informed in legard to it,
we can go to the records of the country and find
cxactly who planned it, what its capacity is to
hold men, what its capacity is to resist an enemy,
the number of guns it holds, and all that sort of
thing. But this provision, as I understand it,
authorizes really the commencement of forts at
Oswego, at Niagara, at Buffalo, at Detroit, and at
Mackinaw. I do not know of there being any
fort at Buffalo now. There is one a few miles
below Detroit, an earth fort, I think. At Mack-
inaw there is a mere earthwork, erected many
years ago to protect that point against the Indians.
Mr. 110WE. It is of brick"
Mr. URIMES. A very small portion of it is
of brick; some of the officers' quarters may be of
brick; but unless it has been changed since I saw
it, it consixts of mere earth palisades.
Mr. IIOWE. It is of brick, hut it might as
well be earth.
Mr. GRIMES. I presume it is eailh. If we
are going to appropriate §750,0(10 to continue such
forts, I may well hesitate. If it is proposed to
authorize the Depaitment to go on and establish
such forts as will be of value to the country,
another question is piesented.
, Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move to inscit "Foit
i Gratiot" m the sixth line of the sccond section,
'after the word "Detroit." The Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howaed,] I believe, moved to
insert a fort at the Sault Ste Marie. There is no
difficulty about expending the money. These two
works are quite essential, the one on the Sault
Ste Mane defending the canal to the entrance to
Lake Superior. The whole commerce of Lake
Superior would be utterly destroyed by the canal
being blown up. Fort Gratiot, below Lake Hu-
ron, would command and defend the city of Dc-
tioit fiom a fleet coming from Lake Huron; and
if my honorable friend from Maine will allowmc,
I beg to state that I have got the recommendation
of the chief engineer on this subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have n o sortofobjection
to the Senator's amendment. I am willing that
it should be put in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When I was on the floor
before, I had not the papers to which I could
refer. The necessity of this work is stated in a
letter from which I beg to read an extract or two.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody makes any ob-
jection to the insertion of the work suggested by
the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well-, but I desire to
have the amount of the appropriation increased,
according to the estimates, from §750,000 to
§1,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is another question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The engineer department
recommends for all these works on the lakes an
appropriation of $1,400,000—$900,000 of which is
included in the present bill. By inserting these
two forts, the one moved by the Senator from
Michigan, Fort Brady, at Sault Ste Marie, for
which the estimate is $75,000, and the one which
I have moved to insert 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated to the Senator that
I had no sortofobjection to his putting in as many
forts as he pleases in this item; but he must show
that he has a recommendation from the War De-
partment, or from some committee, before moving
to increase the sum appropriated. It is not suf-
ficient to bring a mere estimate from the engineer
office.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will call the attention of
the Senator from Maine himself to it, and then I
presume that, in behalf of his committee, he will
not have any objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am bound to make ob-
jection to anything that is out of order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You stand on the point
of order?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am bound to do so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. J supposed that, on a ques-
tion as to the necessities of the defense of the
country, instead of standing precisely on a point
of order, the Senator would stand on the merits
of the proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have an under-
standing about this. The rule is very specific that
no amendment increasing the amount of money
appropriated in an appropriation bill is in order
unless it be recommended by a committee of the
Senate, or is in accordancc with an estimate from
the head of a Department. Consequently, it be-
comes my duty, which I always discharge, or en-
deavor to discharge, when I have a bill of this
land in my care, to state the point of order with
reference to propositions to increase appropria-
tions, whenever they are moved. I make the ob-
jection; and if the Senator comcs within the rule,
my duty is done; if he does .not, of course, it is my
business to insist on the enforcement of the rule.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I supposed that I had sub-
stantially the recommendation of the War Depart-
ment; for this is a letter from the chief of the
engineer department addressed to the Secretary
of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a question for the
Chair to settle.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In this letter, the chief of
the engineer department states the necessitiesfor
these defenses, and the amount which is estimated
to be necessary for them. I am not very familiar
with what is absolutely necessary to bring it
within the rule; but £ should suppose the estimate
of the engineer department would bo sufficient.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did not know there was
such a department as 14 the engineer department."
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will allow me, I will call his attention to the
precise language of the rule. It is as follows:
'•No amendment pioporing additional appropriations
frhall be received to any geneiai apprnpitation bill, unless
it be made to cany out the provisions or some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously pa«acd by the Senate,
dining that session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee ot'the Senate, or m pursuance of an esti-
mate fiom the head of some of the Departments."
The estimate it seems must be from the head
of a Department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is a letter addressed
by the chief of the engineer department to Hon.
E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, in which he
submits estimates for military defenses on the
lakes at the request of General McClellan. He
takes up the various works one by one,and states
the necessities for each fortification.
Mr. GRIMES. What are the necessities? I
should like to hear that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I am not trespassing
on the time of the Senate, I will read the letter
through. It is not very long.
