1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation and its Remits, &c.—Mv. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
In spite, however, of the laws of Illinois, In-
diana, and other western States, the slaves of the
Mississippi valley will, if freed, seek the North-
-west. They will slip through into Illinois, Iowa,
Kansas, and Indiana. The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Julian-,] the other day, said that in
his part of the State the law was a dead letter.
He is no doubt partially correct.
In the past ten years the ratio of increaseof free
colored people in the United States has been 10.97
per cent., that of the slaves 23.38 per cent., and
that of the white 38.12 per cent. In California
the negroes have increased 296.67 per cent, com-
pared to the white increase of 310.84 per cent.
There are no laws of prohibition in California;
while in Oregon, where such laws exist, the whole
ratio of increase is 299.96 per cent., compared
with a loss of 41.54 per cent, of blacks! In other
States there is this ratio: Illinois, white increase
101.49, black only 30.04', Iowa, white increase
251.22, black increase 207.21; Indiana, white in-
crease 37.14, black loss 3.49; Wisconsin, white
increase 154.10, black 133.22. In these States the
law forbids blacks; but in spite of it they get in,
but not to that extent which they do in Ohio and
Michigan, where such laws do not exist. In thfc
latter State the white increase is 87.89 per cent.,
the black is double, viz: 164.15! It will be per-
ceived by an examination of the census, that it is
in the Northwest that the black race is increasing;
while in other States fui thcr East and North, they
do not increase in the same ratio. It is the North-
west which will be Africanized by the schemes
here proposed.
The slaves in the Mississippi valley alone, in
the States of Arkansas, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee, number
1,499,079. This does not include the free blacks,
who would be compelled to share the exodus.
Then Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa, Minnesota, Wis-
consin, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio
would be their asylum, but as the States west of
Ohio arc in ad vance of us in preventing this vicious
immigration, Ohio, under the welcome of my col-
league and his friends, would have more than her
fair quota.
Temporizing politicians cannot blink this ques-
tion. While they advocate emancipation, some
of them present an alternative—colonization. If
more negroes are to be freed, and my State is to
be their asylum, I am of Jefferson's opinion, that
their freedom ought to be accompanied with em-
igration to some other land, compulsory, if neces-
sary. But Greeley and others do not pretend to
colonization, to mitigate abolition. The fact that
many who honestlycontemplateabolition are will-
ing to lay a tax of thousands of millions to col-
onize, is a confession that they believe that free
negroes cannot exist in the country without its
rum.
It has been said that we ought to free the Afri-
can, even though we build a bridge of gold over
the chasm from slavery to freedom! It will prove
a Bridge of Sighs to both black and white. Its
piers and arches are to be built out of the moil
and toil of American labor.
But to its cost: I have some data on which to
calculate. In 1858, I voted, (according to an old
law existing since the time of Mr. Monroe) mone y
to send back slaves taken on board the slave-ship
Echo, on the 21st of August, 1858. That law
requires all such slaves to be taken back to Africa,
and supported there for one year on the coast.
This is ahumane law, but an expensiveone. By
a contract made between the Colonization Society
and Mr. Buchanan, (see Ex. Doc., second session
Thirty-Fifth Congress, vol.2, parti,) theGovern-
ment agreed to pay $45,000, or §150 apiece, for
the transportation and support of the three hun-
dred Africans one year, it did not include buying
lands for them. There was no expense for com-
pensation to slave-owners. Now, if the slaves of
the South are to be paid for at the rate of $300
apiece, the amount paid here in the District, and
land is to be bought besides", you may approx-
imate to the result of this enormous Utopian
scheme.
Mr. Goodhue, a gentleman who is connected
with the Government, and a statistician, makes
this estimate:
" By the census of last year, there were 3,952,801 slaves
in the United States and Territories. I have already shown
that 454,441, which belonged to the border States, would
be worth, at $300 each, $136,383,300. There remain to be
disposed of, therefore, 3,498,360 slaves embraced in the
country subject to the rebels, but including, of course, large
numbers belonging to friends of tho Union, who have been
constrained into obedience to the rebel authorities against
their wills. At the rale of $300, the slaves in the rebel
States would be worth SI,049,50b,000; and adding the cost
of compensation to the bordqr States, at the same rate, th«
asgresjnte expense of emancipation would be $1,185,840,300,
Or, for the convenience of round numbers, the cost of
emancipation would be, at $300 per head, $1,200,000,000."
Add to this $1,200,000,000 the cost of transpor-
tation and maintenance for a year, at $150 per
negro, and you have $1,800,000,000. Add further,
for the price of the soil to be bought for them,
say $10,000,000, and the cost of starting them in
a strange land, without roads, houses, teachers,
and leaders, $10,000,000 more, and you may ap-
proach the stupendous result.
This is no violence of mine upon arithmetic.
This is the cool calculation of men ea^er to carry
out, at small cost, their schemcs. I give credit to
the motive which prompts colonization. But
where are these enormous sums to come from?
"Oh, the war expenses are as much, and ought
to pay it;" or, as Sir Boyle Roche would say,
"every man ought to give his last guinea to pro-
tect the remainder." Are not the war expenses
already run up to such a sum that men flounder
in their calculation of them? But, it is said, the
war expenses are not yet done, and by this scheme
wo may save the remainder. 1 would like to think
so. Such schemes of emancipation will only pro-
long the war and add to its expenses. This enor-
mous tax is to be paid, it is said, in thirty-seven
years, at an annual tax of $150,000,000! We are
to use our credit by bonds, and thus establish a
national debt. Great as our resources are, this
burden is too enormous. It leaves no hope. It
creatcs despair. Ask the question of the people:
"Can you meet these liabilities in addition to the
war debt, now estimated by Senator Simmons, at
the end of July, 18fi2, at $550,000,000, and to be
doubled before the war is over, supposing that it
will end in a year?"
Such a scheme even destroys a laige portion of
(he means to pay for itself. The labor of the ne-
groesafter they are freed and colonized is nothing,
worse than nothing. It is a loss to the country
of just what it will take in time and trouble to
replace it by other labor equally good. It is a loss
to the country of the labor and laborers them-
selves, estimated at $000,000,000.
Then we have the following results:
Cost of compensation to owners of slaves... $1,200,000,000
C|tet of deportation and maintenance one
year  600,000,000
Cost of land to be purchased, bridges, houses,
roads, &c  20,000,000
Loss of the labor and laborers to the country
and to the masteis befoie a now supply of
labor can be had  600,000,000
Debt already, according to Secretary Chase's
l.^t rcpoit....,  401,445,981
War debt additional by 1863, according to
Senatoi Simmons   500,000,000
$3,411,443,084
This sum almost equals the national debt of
Great Britain, which, as the accumulation of cen-
turies, amounts to the sum of <=£757,4813,997, or
about $3,787,000,000! Here is a bridge of gold
for the African exodus ! Ohio builds one span of
one tenth, to cost $34,114,459; my district pays
one twentieth of that, or $1,705,722. But how
much of the accumulations of our people will this
sum take? Secretary Chase tells us that,accord-
ing to the census of 1860, the real and personal
property of the people of the United Slates is
$16,102,924,116! Hence one fifth of all we have
would scarcely meet this enoimous liability!
Ill the name of advantage, economy, sense,
and humanity, will not the people repudiate this
prodigious expenditure? The men who levy it,
sir, arc running a desperate hazard. Where se-
cession has placed, by the tax to put it down,
only yokes of wood on the people, which they
will cheerfully bear, this schemes makes yokes of
iron! Think you the authors of so giand a scheme
can escape the vengeance of the "people by resig-
nation or exile? Theirs will be a doom worse
than that of the Gracchii or Robespiene !
But these dreamers do not intend to buy and
colonize. Their ethics, like their speeches, are
cribbed from the pharisaical spoutings of Exeter
Hall. The House has voted down the project of
colonization proposed by thegentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair.] They will not so outrage
human nature—not they. What! says Wendell
Phillips, export the four millions which are the
fulcrum of the lever by which the nation is to be
restored! Oh, no. Is not this the land of their
birth ? Even the colonization members do not pro-
pose coercion. Their bills deny compulsion.
What then ?
III. It is proposed to free all, and leave chance
to distribute them among the people. Chance,
sir, is a poor economist and a worse ruler. Let
us consider the effect of this proposition.
A distinguished Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] fixed the proportion of this distribu-
tion at one negro to every five or six whites.* He
was right. By the census of 1860, there are in
the United^ States 27,008,081 whites and 3,999,535
slaves. If the slaves were distributed equally
North and South this would make one negro to
every seven whites; but if all are driven North by
social convulsion, as shown by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] it would make
more than one black for every five white persons.
But we know that the African will not go to
New England, atleast in such numbers as to other
States. He docs not thrive there. In Boston the
city register shows that for the last five years there
were 134 births to 376 deaths among the colored
people.
If Ohio were open, as my colleague advocates,
we would have, at least, twice as many negroes
flock into that State as to the rest of the North,
and twice as many in central and southern Ohio
as in northern Ohio; or one negro for every three
white persons in the State, and perhaps twice that
ratio m southern and central Ohio. Take Mas-
sachusetts as a fair average of the North, There
every inducement is oflVied to his imrl%u\tion.
He is made a voter; he is admitted to the bar; he
i.s even made bettor than a white man in suffrage,
provided the white man comes from Germany or
Ireland. Yet, in a population of 1,231,065, the
blacks number only 9,454, or one black to 130 of
the population; while in Ohio, with not double the
population, there is one black to 63 of the popu-
lation. The increase of blacks in Ohio is 43.30
per cent., while in Massachusetts it is only 23.96
per cent. So that I am justified, notalone by the
census, but most by the geographical position and
nearness of Ohio to the South and the extent of its
slave State border, in inferring that she would re-
ceive more than double the number assigned to
the States north by Mr. Collamer's apportion-
ment. What, then, would be the result? Ohio
* 1 refer to the following in the speech of Senator Poo-
littlk, of Wj&coomh, made at tins session :
"A distinguished gentleman from Vermont was first
elected to Congress in 18-13. One of the well to-do faimers
in his neighboihood culled upon him, the evening befoi e he
was to leave for Washington, topa> his respects. He found
him in his ofliee, and told him that he came for that pur-
pose, and to bid him good-bye. ' And now, judse.' said he,
' when you get to Washington, i want to have you lake
hold of this negro business, and dispo>e of it m some way
or other; have slavery abolished, arid be done with it.'
'Well,' .said the judge, 'as the people who own these
slaves, oi claim to own them, have paid their money tor
them, and hold them as property under their State laws,
would it not be just, if we abolish slavery, that some pio-
vieion should ho made to make thern compensation lie
hesitated, thought earnestly for a while, and, in a serioua
tone, replied: 4 Yes, i think that would be just, and i will
stand m> share of the taxed.' Although a veiy close and
economical man, he was willing to hear his portion of the
taxes. ' But,' *aid the judge, < theie is one other question:
when the negroid are emancipated, what shall be done with
them? They are a poor people; they will have nothing;
theie mu«t be some place for them to live. Do you think
it would be anv more than fair that we should take our
share of them-" ' Well, what would be our nhare in the
town of Woodstock?' he inquired. The judge leplied:
'There are about two thousand five hundred people ui
Woodstock ; and if you take the census and make the
computation, you will find that there would be about one
for eveiy five white persons; so that here in Woodstock
our shaie would be about five hundred ' ' What,' said he,
1 five hundred negroes m Woodstock ! Judge, i called to
pay my respects; i bid you good evening;' and he stalled
for the door, and mounted his horse. As he was about to
leave, In; turned louud,and said : ' Judge, I guoss you need
not do anything more about that negro biwiios on my ac-
count.' (Laughter.] Mr. President, peihap* 1 am not go-
in? toofai when I say that honorable gentleman Mts beioie
me now, [Mr. Coixamer.]
" Mr. Uollamer. As the gentleman has called me out,
X may be allowed to say that the inhabitants of the town
were about three thousand, and the proportion was about
one to six."
