1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
academy. The first objection in the report is that
the library is in a casemate. Well, sir, the library
can be taken out of a casemate. I will guaranty
that the Government shall be afforded library ac-
commodations withoutany expense; and that the
Redwood library—one of the oldest institutions of
the kind in the country, and one of the best; founded
a great many years ago by the munificence of a
princely merchant of Newport; rich in all the
stores of English literature; beautifully situated;
its walls adorned with pictures by Stewart, Cop-
. ley, and others—shall be placed at the disposal of
the professors and pupils of the academy, without
any charge whatever; and it is worth a dozen
libraries such as the academy now has.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think it necessary to
raise any question now between New England
and the West. I think the Senator from Iowa
has introduced a topic which is not pertinent to
this discussion. The question under considera-
tion is very simple. It is, shall a commission be
constituted to consider where the Naval School
shall be permanently placed. The Senator from
Iowa seems to be afraid of the decision of that
commission. Why, sir, that commission cannot
act finally on the question. It can do nothing but
state facts and give opinions, and it will be for
Congress afterwards, or for the Government here,
to determine whether they will act upon the re-
port of the commission. There can be nothing
final in that report. It will bo simply in the na-
ture of a recommendation. The committee will
gather information, which will be in the nature of
materials to enter into our judgment. I think the
Senator from Iowa is too anxious; I think he is
too fearful as to the results of that commission. I
think he attributes too much importance to it. I
cannot anticipate any such consequences from it.
I do not think that it can in any respect be final.
It can be, for us, only advisory.
In voting on the proposition before us, permit
me to say, there arc two questions on which we
may pass. The first is, shali the Naval School
be permanently placed at Annapolis; and the sec-
ond is, has the time come when it shali be per-
manently placed at Annapolis? I am not ready
to say that that school shall not be permanently
placed thorf. I wish to know all the ciicum-
stances bearing on the question before I act finally
upon it. I wish to have the advantage of such a
report as is proposed to be made by a commission
constituted as is proposed. When wo get that re-
port I shall be ready to meet the question whether
the school shall be permanently placed at Annap-
olis. Meanwhile, I am asked to vote on the other
question—whether the time has come for its re-
moval from Newport to Annapolis; and there I
am positive I do not need any report or any other
information. I am entirely satisfied that the time
has not yet come when we can say that that
school ought to be removed to Annapolis. I shall,
therefore, vote for this proposition.
Mr. CARLILE. Is this proposition in order by
way of amendment to the navalappropriation bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair it is.
Mr. CARLILE. I am not conversant with the
rules of parliamentary law; but I make the in-
quiry because it strikes me there is no very direct
connection between a bill making appropriations
for expenses incurred on account of the Navy and
matters connected with the naval operations of
the country, and the proposition to raise a com-
mission to determine whether the Naval School
shali remain where it lias been established by Con-
gress, or be transferred to some other point. I
have no interest in this proposition other than that
which every Senator upon this floor has; but I
have an interest in having stability in the action of
this Government; and I put this question: is there
nothing that the founders of this Government have
done, nothing in the structure they have reared,
nothing that our predecessors in Congress have
established, that is to remain stable and firm? Is
nothing like permanence to be given to any action,
nut alone of the creators of this Government, but i
of those who have been engaged in us adminis-
tration wince its creation ? I take it for granted that
the Congress of the United States that provided
for the establishment of the Naval School at An-
napolis, had wisdom enough to gather for itself all
the necessary information that led them to the
conclusion that Annapolis was the point at which
the school should be located.
mm
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia allow me one moment?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Congress never located the
school at Annapolis. It was never located there
by any law. It is now at Newport precisely on
the same authority as that on which it was ori-
ginally placed at Annapolis.
Mr. CARLILE. How came it to Annapolis?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Secretary of the Navy
put it there without any authority whatever, ex-
cepting the authority of laws making appropria-
tions for its support.
Mr. CARLILE. I take it for granted that
neither the Secretary of the Navy nor any other
officer of the Government could have located an
institution of this kini}, which has cost the Gov-
ernment, as we were informed by the Senator
from Iowa a few days ago, nearly a million of
dollars, and that the appropriation of that amount
of money could not have been withdrawn from
the Treasury of the United States and expended
for the establishment of an institution like that,
unless it had been done by authority of law, and
that law must emanate from the legislative depart-
ment of this Government—the Congress of the
United States.
As I before remarked, I regret that there is to
be nothing but agitation upon every subject, on
everything that has been done from the very
foundation ofthe GovernmenWo the present hour.
Is this the time, when all the energies of the Gov-
ernment are being strained to the utmost for the
purpose of raising the means to prosecute the war
in which we are engaged, when the hand of tax-
ation is laid heavy upon ourpeople, and a swarm,
ay, an army of tax gatherers is to be assembled
to eat out their substance—is this the time to enter
upon schemes looking to the expenditure of other
millions of money for the establishment of insti-
tutions which are already in existence, and which
have had the patronage and the encouragement of
the Congress and the Government of the United
States from the time of their foundation r
It was well remarked by the Senator from Now
Hampshire, the other day, that the Military
Academy of this country is located m what may
be tcimed one section of it; it is located upon the
verge of New England; and, looking, I have no
doubt to a just distribution of all the advantages
to be derived from the location of these institu-
tions, which arc national in their character, and
for national purposes, our predecessors have lo-
cated this Naval School at Annapolis. The Gov-
ernment of the United States has been engaged for
years in putting it in such a condition as it will
best answer the wants and purposes of its cre-
ation. The expenditure of nearly a million of
money has been made upon it; and now, owing to
the unfortunate circumstances, which for the time
being caused the removal of this school for a mere
tempoiary purpose, that is to be seized upon for
the purpose of its permanent establishment in
some other section of the country, and to deprive
one entire section of the country of anything in
the shape of the fostering care and patronage of
this Government, looking to the education of those
who are to be its defenders throughout all time,
upon land and upon sea.
I trust that in the absence of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] who, it is to be pre-
sumed is more familiar with this subject than one
who, like myself, is nothing but an outsider, that
this proposition wilt, at least for the time being,
be voted down; and if the Senate consider it a
matter of so much importance; if there is really
any interest of the Government requiring this in-
vestigation and a report from a commission such
as is proposed to be raised, it will be done by a
separate and independent proposition, and that it
will not be put upon an appropriation bill to clog
its passage.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I claim the indulgence of
the Senate to reply to the Senator from Virginia
for a single moment. He objects to this amend-
ment because it is not germane to the bill. Why,
sir, this very bill has an amendment incorporated
in it appropriating a sum of money for the repair
of these very buildings. I take it, then, that this
amendment is germane to that matter. In the next
place, he complains that there is nothing stable in
the country, and he asks is nothing to be stabler
Is not the location of this academy to be stable?
Sir, I have no doubt it would have endured as long
as the Union lasted, had it not been for the con-
duct of certain people in Maryland who rendered
it unstable. .No man ever dreamed of asking for
the removal of the Naval' Academy from that State
until treason and disloyalty drove the academy
from the position selected by our fathehf.'
With respect to the absence of the Senator from
Maryland, he said on Friday last he had submit-
ted every view he meant to submit upon this sub-
ject; I therefore do not feel myself precluded from
voting for this proposition on account of the ab-
sence of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but I shall
be the only man from New England who will vote
against this proposition; but I certainly shall for
various reasons. It seems that this academy, or
the scholars, were for certain reasons removed
from Annapolis.
Mr. ANTHONY. " Unfortunate circum-
stances," the Senator from Virginia*says.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. They were
removed from Annapolis for the time being, and
it was thought convenient to send them to New-
port. I dare say it was a very good place to send
them to for a short period; and I do not know but
it might be for a long one. It is certainly im-
planted in the good State of Rhode Island, for
which, aswell as for its Senators, I have the great-
est respect and regard. But, sir, it looks to me,
under the circumstances, to be preposterous to
undertake anything like a removal of the academy
from Annapolis. Is there any objection to An-
napolis per se, to use a common expression,any-
thing in its position, in the facilities it affords for
education, in its climate, in anything which is ad-
vantageous for the purpose for which the place
was selected originally? Nobody pretends that
a better place as a place could be found than An-
napolis. No objections whatever are made to it
on that account. It is conceded that it has a line
climate; that it has fine water advantages, that it is
a retired, pleasant situation, with good accommo-
dations in every respect. It is conceded further
that, viewing that to be so, it having been found
by experience to be so, the Government has gone
on and recognized it, and spent nearly a million
dollars in public buildings, which are there now.
That is the position of the thing.
What is the argument against it? Why, that
since these recent troubles broke out, the people
of Mary land, and Annapolis particularly, or a cer-
tain portion ofthem—the majority,perhaps—have
exhibited very strong secession sympathies, and
therefore they ought to be punished by our put-
ting our hands into our pockets and taking another
million for the sake of establishing the school
somewhere else. That does not seem to me to be
correct logic in any sense of the word. In the
first place, I would not waste the money for that
reason; and in the second place, as Maryland has
shown herself to be loyal as a whole, and as we
mean she shall stay so, whether she wants to do
so or not, I would say" it shall go there; you shall
have the public institution there; it shall be kept
there among you; and you shall recognize the
stars and stripes from day to day, and from week
to week, and from month to month,and thepower
of the Union to establish its institutions there
among you." In my judgment it is most deci-
dedly, on every principle, an argument for keep-
ing it there, instead of against it.
Then, what is proposed to be done? To estab-
lish a roving commission to go to Newport to see
if that would not be a good place, because our
friends in Rhode Island would like it, very nat-
urally; to go to New London because our friends
in Connecticut would like it; to go to Perth Am-
boy, in New Jersey, because our friends in New
Jersey would like it; and you can find half a dozen
other'places in New England and in the middle
States just as good as either of these, all of which
will sp'ring up. For what? Not for the advant-
age of the institution, particularly; not that the
naval service may be improved, for that is not
pretended; but because it would suit our friends
to have the institution among them, and have the
money spent there.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I assure the Senator from
"Maine he entirely uiidci rates our patriotism. We
desire it at Perth Amboy, bccanse we believe it
affords the finestlocation, the finest harbor, and is
more suitable for the purpose than any other loca-
tion that has been spoken of. We believe it would
be better for the service. 1 do not profess that we
