1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
The honorable Senator proceeded to read the
letter giving specific information in regard to the
various points proposed for fortifications on the
lake coost.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it wise to
publish in the newspapers what the Engineer Bu-
reau communicates to a committee-
Mr. FOSTER. The writer of the letter ex-
pressly says it is not proper to do so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In that expression he does
not refer to this letter, but to another report form-
erly made.
Mr. FESSENDEN, [to Mr. Doolittle.] If
you read it, it will be published.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have only referred to
those points which are perfectly patent in relation
to these forts. There is nothing in this letter which
is not perfectly proper to he published; but it re-
fers to a report formerly made, some portions of
which should not be published. If, however, it is
thought advisable not to publish this, I have no
objection to having it withdrawn as a portion of
my remarks. In answer, however, to the ques-
tion as to the necessity for this fort, which is the
one in contioveisy—Fort Gratiot—I have said
enough to show the impoitance of it,and also the
importance of the fortification to command the
canal at Sault Ste Mario. In order to make the
appropiiatinn available at all, it will be necessary
to increase the amount to be expended. The Sen-
ator from Maine objected very much to my prop-
osition to increase the amount of expenditure
which he proposed for his State, and to make the
direction of it general without specifying Maine;
but I waive that, and desire to increase this amount
which has special reference to lake fmulications;
and I suppose the letter which I hold in my hand
amounts to a report fiom the War Depaitment,
Mr. HOWE. If it is not safe to publish to the
country our own calculations as to the importance
of different points upon our coast, northern or
eastern, it may perhaps not be very dangerous to
lay before the country the calculations of other
Powers and other Governments; and 1 should,
therefore, like to have the Secretary read an ex-
tiact from the London Times which I send to the
desk, if it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paper will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the following extract from
the London Times of the 7th of January last:
k'In the event of a icnewal of buch hostilities as were
terminated by the tieaty of Ghent, there would be a ie-
nevval, of course. of opeiations on these ml-iiid sea*, tor
the, command oi the vvdtri whi'-h scpaiates Upper Canada
ftom the Fedetal touiloiies would bo ecjim alrnito a com-
mand ot the li«']d. It becomes a question, therefore, of gicat
inteicst lo as^'ium how tins supcuouiy i-> likely to be de-
termined. ?md we publish this morning a detailed-tatemc.it
of the v.u ious conditions by which the j e&ult will be gov-
erned. It wiJ! bet-een that the matter divides ltsclt into
two penodt*, of which the tn^t would bo toe most cntical
for England. Up to the month of April next ihe lakes may
be H'gauled as inaccessible tiom the sea, and, theieloic,
Whatever tuice is cteated Ihoj <■ mu-t bet recited on the frpot.
The Americans could build niul launch then gunboats and
then j alts, and ^o could wo.
"Not much could be done, probably, on either hide, as
all the ves.^ela mu.;t be ovteuipoiizcd hoiii nmteuals actu-
ally at hand. On both shore* there aie railways landing up
to the water's edge; but the Amoiieans have the advan-
tage in population and iesouice& at the ciilical points, and
8acketi'j  II.u bnr, then ai-,eno 1 on Lake Ontario, is an estab-
lishment tor which we have no match, fttili, timber is
plenluul; guns, munitions, and steam machnieiy could be
tianspoitcd in lailway; and so widely hat the country been
civilized since the ia^t wai, that some ot the most nnpoit-
ant town- of the Fedeial States, such as Milwaukee and
Chicago, have men on the shoies of these onee lemotc
wateifc-jOnd aie consequently exposed lothe attacks of om
squadions. The tusks, theiefore, are divided, find the op-
portunities of inIIletmg miselucf aie divided al<-o. 3t may,
peihap-;, be admitted, that for the next thicc months the
Ameiienns [)'>inir moie inimetous and poweiful than the
Canadians,'might succeed in placing on these inland seas a
laiger ilotiila than could be launched m the same time, by
the colonists; but it muct be lunemboied that this flotilla
must, in any case, be ludely oxtemponzed, and that earth-
wotks. judiciously constructed and well aimed, would suf-
fice foi the effectual piotection of othet menaced points
against such Iceble assailant-.
"As soon, however, as the St. Lawrence is opened atrain,
theie will be an end ot our difficulty. We can then pour
into the lakes *uch a fleet of gunboat-? and othei ciaftas
will give lis the complete and immediate command ol these
watci.s. Dneetly the navigation i- cleat, we can send up
vessel alter vess.ei without any restiieuons, except such as
ate imposed bytbesizeot the canal The Ameucans would
have no such tesouree. They would have noacce^ to the
lakes tioni the sea, and it is impossible they could const! net
ve-'-cel- ot any con,ulei able power in the mteival that would
elapse befote the ice biokeup. Willi the opening of spung
the lakes would be ours, and if tlie ma&feiy of these waters
is indeed the mastery of all, we ntav expectthe icsuUwuh
perfect satisfaction. On the whole, therefore, the conclu-
sion seems clear that three months hence the field will he
all our own, and that in the meantime the Americans, tf
judiciously encountered, would not be able to do us much
harm."
Mr. HOWE. I do'not know that the Senate
is in a condition to profit itself, or to profit the
country, by taking advantage of the suggestions
made in this communication. The fact is appar-
ent from it that in case of war with a maritime
Power, especially in case of war with England,
the North west is that portion of the country which
they design to make the theater of important mili-
tary operations. It has been just now suggested
to the (Senate that we are prevented by the obliga-
tions of a treaty from making any naval prepara-
tion to defend that portion of the country. We
are under no such obligation in respect to the
towns and cities bordering upon the Atlantic. I
believe that the best method of defending all our
Atlantic ports and our Pacific ports is to defend
our rights upon the seas, to possess a Navy which
shall give us a fiee pathway over the seas. If we
have that, our ports and our harbors will be safe
enough. We are prevented, however, from de-
fending these inland seas in the same way by the
obligations of a treaty. We must defend them by
permanent fortifications, if they are to be defended
at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
friend whether Great Britain is not equally denied
the power to keep vessels on the lakes ?
Mr. HOWE. In my estimation, England is
not. As to keeping a naval armament on the lakes,
she is; but not as to putting one there, because
in case of hostilities, she has exclusive command
of one highway to those lakes; and, as one of her
organs suggests, she can, from abroad, throw in
theie a naval armament sufficient to command the
lakes. So she calculates, and such seems to me
to be the fact. Therefore it is that we are more
exposed by the operations of that treaty than
England herself. Iler preparations may be made
elsewhere than upon the lakes; and she has free
and unobstructed access to the lakes; but we must
make ours upon the lakes, if we make them at all,
m the shape of a navy; but there arc points—that
at Mackinaw I believe to be the most essential
one—where permanentfortificationscan beerected
at far less expense, I think, than the cost of a navy
to command all these lakes, and which will com-
mand effectually and completely the whole conn-
try bordering on Lake Superior, and the whole
count) y bordering on both shores of Lake Mich-
igan.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mackinaw is already pro-
vided for in the bill.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator reminds me that
Mackinaw is provided for. I think he is mis-
taken. Mackinaw is named in the bill 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And money appropriated.
Mr. HOWE. Seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars isappropiinted as the bill now stands,
for fortifications at the Sault Ste Marie, at Mack-
maw, at Oswego, at the mouth of the Genesee
river, at Detroit, at Ogdensburgh, at Buffalo, and
at Niagara. My ownlmpression is that $750,000
distributed upon fortifications at all these different
points, is almost as idle and almost as useless as
an appropriation of fifty dollars would be. It
scums to me it will bo almost absolutely thrown
away, liut if we are prevented by a rule of the
Senate from increasing this appropriation, it has
occurred to me that we have already violated that
rule. It is said that no motion to increase an ap-
propriation is in order unless it be approved by
the head of a Depaitment, or comes from a com-
mittee. I infer, therefore, that the head of some
Department has recommended that $730,000 shall
be appropriated to pcifect the fortifications of Os-
wego, Niagaia, Buffalo. Detroit, and Mackinaw.
If so, we have violated the in lo, it seems to me,
when we have put in two or three other points
which are not recommended by the head of any
Department.
Mr. KING. The Senator will excuse me for
a moment. The rule of the Senate is, that an
amendment may be received upon an estimate
from the head of a Depaitment, or when it is pi o-
posed by a committee. It is customary for the
Military Committee to revise and examine the
fortification bill, and lepoit such amendments as
they think necessary.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator from
New York to have moved the amendments in ref-
erence to the Genesee and the Sault Ste M.arie.
Mr. KING. I did not move the amendment
in regard to the Sault Ste Marie; but the amend-
ments to insert Ogdensburgh and the mouth of the
Genesee river were offered by myself by the ap-
proval of the Military Committee, and were in-
serted by the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to inquire for in-
formation, if it is not in order now, inasmuch as
points have been added on the recommendation of
the Military Committee, to increase the aggregate
of the appropriation.
Mr. KING. I suppose the rule would not au-
thorize an individual Scnatorto make such a prop-
osition.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I will answer the Senator
from Wisconsin. The answer is perfectly obvi-
ous. The rule is that an appropriation shall not
be increased except upon a certain recommenda-
tion. There is no rule that you may not divide
an appropriation already contained in the bill, be-
tween twenty places if you please. You may
strike it out; you may reduce it; you may put in
other places; but you cannot increase the appro-
priation; that is the language of the rule.
Mr. IIOWE. The Senator from Maine has
answered the question I first put, but has not
answered the question I put last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that ?
Mr. HOWE. Whether, when an addition is
made to the number of points appropriated for,
upon the recommendation of a committee of the
Senate, it is not in order to increase the appropri-
ation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not,in myjudg-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. I do not dispute the statement
of the Senator from Maine: but as I understood
the rule when it was readjust now to the Senate,
I should suppose the fair construction of it was
that if you have the recommendation of a commit-
tee, adding to the number of points, you may add
to the appropriation. I may be wrong about this;
but, inasmuch as my colleague had called the at-
tention of the Senate to the condition of the lake
coast, and inasmuch as t had just received this ex-
tract from an English paper, I deemed it proper to
bring the matter to the notice of the Senate, fori
deem that one of the most important points to be
fortified in the whole country. It defends a por-
tion of the country which is the granary, not only
of the nation, butalmost of the world. It may be
commanded by a permanent fortification at one
point, and I hope the nation sooner or later will
awake to the importance of taking advantage of
that fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. DoouttleJ to insert Fort Gra-
tiot.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have the authority of
the Committee on Military Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the third section of the bill:
For the ctcction of a fort on the Delaware breakwatei, or
on the fchoio of Delaware bay, near thereto, as shall be de-
termined by the Sccretaij ot Wa , $21)0,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is not
a member of the Military Committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir.
The V1CB PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair, a committee cannot delegate its author-
ity to a member of the Senate who is not a mem-
ber of the committee to offer an amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state that I con-
sulted some members of the Military Committee,
and they were of opinion that I could offer it my-
self.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Military
Committee will report it as an amendment to be
added to the bill as a report from the committee,
it will be m order; not otherwise.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strikeout the clause
in regard to fortifying positions on the lake coast.
I move to strike out lines five, sft, and seven of
the second section.
There is nobody more anxious to defend the
coasts of the lakes than 1 am; nobody that is more
anxious to have the commerce of that country, if
it is imperiled, put perfectly beyond all danger;
but \ do not apprehend that there is the slightest
danger to that commerce from Great Britain, or
