1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
lsay that if I shall) in the end, be driven tochoose
t>6tWeeft-a'confiscation measure more severe or
none at all, I should not hesitate to choose the
tttore severe one. Hundreds—thousands indeed—■
have been drawn into this rebellion from frenzied
misapprehension, or overawing menace, or con-
scription. I would like for them to have a ready-
way out, instead of constraining them to feel that
the preservation of the little property which they
may possess, is dependent upon the success of the
rebel cause. But rising above any sentiment of
sympathy, it is our supreme duty to adopt what-
ever measures may at any time seem indispensa-
ble to reestablish the authority of the Union.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana what section of his substitute
contains this sixty days' limitation?
Mr. PORTER. Section seven. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham] out of his honest and
implacable hatred of slavery, desires through the
provisions of his amendment, to give it a stunning
blow. While my amendment is aimed only at
weakening the rebellion, it will go,perhaps, very
fur towards the end which the gentleman desires
to see accomplished. The slaveholders in the
rebel service are chiefly among the officers. Few
privates own slaves. At least such is the testi-
mony of Union men of the slaveholding States.
If the slaves of military and civil officers shall be
emancipated as a means necessary to secure the
restoration of the Union, the institution which
my friend from Ohio condemns will cease to be a
political power and will gradually and peacefully
yield before that humane sentiment which has
removed it from other cultivated nations.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire simply that the
House shall understand distinctly the difference
between the substitute which I have offered and
that presented by the gentleman from Indiana.
The amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
provides:
TImt the Fiesideut, it) hiipprc?sin? the present in^ui-
rection, is hereby authorized, and, vvheiever practicable,
required, to take possession of all The piopmy, real and
personal, belonging to any one of the following classes ol
persons, to wit: Fust. Persons heieuftcr acting a  officers
of tin: atmy or nsivv of the rebels now or heieai'tor in aims
against the Government. Second. Persons heiealter acting
as president, vice president, niembet of congie**, 01 judge,
of the so-called eontVdfiatc States. Tluul Oovoiuors ol
States, members offitate conventions and legislatme-vind
judges of courts of States now m open rebellion, who shall
licrealtor take an oath to support the constitution of ^;ud
conlbdmate Stares, or having taken *uch oath, Midi I liei«-
after act as such. Fouith. Person* who, having held an
office ofhonoi, tmst, 01 piofil m the United States shall heie-
after hold or e^rcKo an <)Hiee iu said confederate States.
Fifth. Persons who, owning pioporiy m the loyal States
and residing in a State in 1 obeli ion against the (Jovei anient,
shall herealter assist ot give aid and < oinfoit to such tchel-
lion. All sales, nansfers, or conveyances by any such per-
son of any such property or of any claim to the service or
labor of another, after the committing ot either of the act*
herein described, shall be null and void; ami itbhall be a
sufficient bar to any suit brought by such pei>.on to iccover
the possession or for the u>c of such property or any of it,
or to enfoice such scrvieo or l.iboi, to allege and [trove th.u
he is one of the persons deseuhed m this section.
Skc.2. *$11(1 he it fin the-) enacted, That to secuie pos-
session of any of  uch pioperty situate and being in loyal
States or districts! in which the ouhnarv course ol judicial
proceedings is not obstructed by the lebellion, pioeeedings
inrc-in shall be instituted iu the name of the United States,
in any district court of the United Stute.s, within which the
estate oi pioperty described in the first section, oi anv pat t
theieof, may be louud, which proceedings shall eonlotmas
nearly as may be to pi weeding** in puze cases, or to cases
of forfeituio anting undei tins icveinn- laws; and in all
cases the propeiry adtmlged to be the propeity ol an> per-
son described in the lir>t -eetion, whether real or personal,
shall be sold and conveyed to th<' pinchasci as anv sale or
piopeity in eveenuon, and the pmcecds shall bo deposited
in tiie Treasuiy ol the United Slate*
Slc 3. +'lnd be it further enacted, Thatthepiopeityseized
under the fij^t section of tin* aer, situate and being in States
ordisfiicts in which the oidmaiv eoui^e of judicial pio-
ecedings is obstiucted by the lebellion,shall bo us<'d,occu-
pied, icnted, or held, unttl the ordtnaiy eouisc of judicial
proceeding cfiall be tes.{orcd in the State oi di'-Uict in
which such pioperty is situate, when ptoeeedina^ in rem
shall be instituted in the mode prcsenbed m the second sec-
tion of this act: Pioiuled. That articles of MibMstunce oi
of a perishable nature s?ei/ed under fins hill tdiall he used
or sold as the interests of the service iequue.
Sec. 4. And he\t J art her enacted, That no pci.-on de-
scribed in the fitst section of this act shall hold any person
to service ot labor who was held by him to such service or
labor at, any time after the passage of tins act, and befoie
the termination of this rebellion; and the per&ou so held
to service-wild labor shall be discharged thciehom.
Sec. 5. Jind he it fuithcr enacted, That the seveial dis-
Uict courts yf the United States are hereby invested with
power to issue all process, whether mo^ne orfiimK includ-
ing garnishee and process, as in cases of foreign'attach-
ment, and to do evciv other matter and thing ncce &ary or
proper to carry out the purpose.- of tins act."
See. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the President is
hereby authorised) by a pioclumationoi'amnesty, to release
either of the five classes of persons described in the first ;
section of this act, residing in any particular State or dis-
trict. from the operations of this act.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it finthei enacted, That every person who,
after <d\ty day® from the passage of this actj shall continue
in rebellion against the United States, or adhcicto their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort, shall be deemed in-
famous, and shall hold no office of honor, trust, or profit
within the United States.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted. That nothing in this
act contained shall operate or be construed to prevent or in
any way affect any prosecution or other proceedings against
any person who may have incurred the forfeiuue heiein
prescribed to punish any crime or asseit and enforce any
other forfeiture of which such person may be guilty, or
which he may have incurred under any other law of the
United States.
Mr. Speaker, the House will notice that this is
a bill providing for a general confiscation of the
property, real and personal, of the personsnamed
in the amendment I have just read. In that*it
differs altogether from the substitute I submitted
to the House. My substitute included a confis-
cation of the property, real or personal, within
the legitimate meaning of the word, of the persons
in arms against the authority of the Government
of the United .States. It has simply one object,
and that is the liberation of the slaves of such
persons as shall be engaged in armed rebellion
against the Government after the taking effect of
this act. It shows on its face that it is a general
amnesty, so far as our legislation is concerned.
It provides that on the passage of the act, if the
rebels lay down their arms, the act shall not op-
erate upon them. I am free to say that my own
convictions wouldjustifyotherand diffei cut legis-
lation . I framed this provision of the act in def-
erence to the opinion of other gentlemen, who
thought a retroactive character would be given to
my substitute in violation of that clause of the
Constitution which declares that Congress shall
pass«no ex post facto laws. It is purely prospect-
ive, and it is not only purely prospective, but it
is purely defensive. It is a proposition to strip
these rebels of all means of mischief and violence
against the Government of the United States, if
they will persist in this rebellion after the going
into effect of this act.
I desire to say only another word about the sub-
stitute which I have offered. It stands upon the
same ground as the bill of the 4th of August last,
for which the names of a majority of the members
of this House were recorded. The only difference
in principle between that bill and my substitute is
this: that bill did,in terms,provide that the owner
of slaves should no longer have claim to the ser-
vice of those slaves who had been used in aiding
those who have taken up aims against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. My substitute pro-
vides that if the owners of slaves shall themselves
give aid and comfort to the rebels, then, that they
should have no longer any title to the service of
their slaves. It applies to the owners the same
rule which the law of August last applied to the
slaves. I suppose if there was any good reason
which could tie urged for the passage of that law
last August, there is much more reason for the
adoption of my substitute at this time. It is de-
fensive of the Government. It is much worse that
the citizen of the Government should employ his
own hands in helping the rebellion against the
Government, than that he should employ the hands
ofhis slave. It is enough that eitherof them were
employed in aiding the rebellion, but it is more
offensive when done ducetly in the person of the
owner, than when done in the person ofthe slave.
My substitute and that bill are alike with only
that difference.
In my substitute there is an additional section.
It provides for a matter referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary the other day on a yea and nay
vote. On motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Air. Julian,] this House directed, on a yea and
nay vote, that the Committee on the Judiciary
should report a piovision that hereafter every per-
son who shall undertake to reclaim a fugitive from
service or labor shall not only in the fast instance
prove lus title to the services of the fugitive, but
that, in addition, he shall make it appear to the
court that he has not engaged in this rebellion
against the Government of his country and of our
country. My substitute contains that provision
which we were directed to leport by a solemn
vote of this House. It imperatively directed the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill or oilier
provision for that purpose. With ibis explana-
tion of the difference between my substitute and
the bill of last August, passed by a majoiity of
this House, I resign the floor.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I had intended
to propose the substitute offered by Senator Col-
lamer to Senate bill No. 151, as an amendment
in the nature of a substitute for the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] but
at the request of that gentleman to be allowed a
direct vote, and at his suggestion that my amend-
ment may be offered subsequently to this bill, or
to some one of the otherpending bills, I have with-
held it. Now I wish to say that I altogether prefer
the substitute of the Senator from Vermont to
either of these propositions.
The substitute of the gentleman from Ohio is
altogether too limited in its scope, applying, as it
docs, to slaves only. The punishment of treason
ought to extend to all property, and especially,
if life is not to be taken, there should be a forfeit-
ure of all civil privileges which would give future
opportunity for fomenting rebellion; for instance,
a forfeiture of the right to hold any office under
the authoiity of the United States.
Again: this substitute indicates no way in which
it is to be executed. It declares that any person
hereafter engaged in armed rebellion ghall forfeit
his slaves, but the forfeiture is not put in the form
of a specific penalty on conviction in due process
of law; nor is there provision for any mode, in
any judicial tribunal, of proving the fact of rebel-
lion against the master, nor of identifying his
slaves, nor of perpetuating the facts on which a
slave liberated by the act can bar a subsequent
claim to his services. Still again, if this proposi-
tion becomes a law, it is to be executed, in part
at least, in Federal courts in slave States, and
probably in most instances by judgc-s and jurors
who differ widely from a majority of this House,
and particularly from my friend from Ohio, in
opinions upon the whole subject of slavery. I
anticipate that some of them at least will hold that
slaves are property, and as such cannot be taken
from their masters except by "due process of
law." Indeed, if I am not mistaken, a majority
of the Supreme Court of the United States has
already expressed that opinion; and we may justly
fear, therefore, that the purpose of this substitute
will be entirely defeated.
Thcgentleman from Indiana [Mr. Porter] now
proposes the original Senate bill No. 151, in place
of that of the gentleman from Ohio. It is compli-
cated, and in some respects of doubtful constitu-
tionality, and the latter may be said of nearly all
the pending propositions. The substitute of Sen-
ator Collamer for the original Senate bill is dis-
tinguished from them all m avoiding these objec-
tions. The confiscation act passed at the last
session was drawn by the same hand?and that em-
braced all property actually used in rebellion. The
new proposition extends to all property, slaves in-
cluded, owned by rebels. It embraces substantially
all that is contained in the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and in a mode which obviates
constitutional objections. Itprovides, as punish-
ment for treason, death, or imprisonment not less
than five years, and a fine of not less than $11),000,
and all the property is taken as security for the
fine. To this is added exclusion from all offices
i1 under the United States. The property will pass
on conviction, and it will therefore be forfeited
" in due process of law,"after trial by jury. The
forfeiture will be strictly a part of the punishment;
and it is a kind of punishment and a mode of pro-
ceeding practiced, I presume, in every State in
the Union. The bill is complete in its machinery
in the first and seventh sections to effect all, I
think, that can be effected by the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio. Theslavesare free on
the conviction of the master, and no man can ie-
covcr a fugitive slave without first showing that
he has been loyal.
Mr. Speaker, whole communities, embracing
thousands, hundreds of thousands, and millions
of people never can be hung for rebellion, nor can
they be stripped of all their property. The civil-
ized world would pronounce it barbarous, and
perhaps combine in arms against us were we even
to attempt to administer justice itself on so large
a scale as that. But it'would not be justice to
inflict these punishments upon all who are legally
guilty of treason, for the masses of those' who
are engaged in rebellion are really the victims of
comparatively a few leaders; and victims, most
of them, through the forms of law, and some of
