1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2729
sidious form of local interests; that they will rise
above all considerations of that kind, and do jus-
tice to Maryland in this matter; and especially that
they will stifle all resentment against the guilty,
even in Maryland, and in all of the seceded States
who have brought this great rebellion upon the
country, and that they will act with a single eye
to the permanent good of that country, and to the
healing of those wounds that are still bleeding so
profusely, and need the best surgery to stanch
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. From the course the de-
* bate has taken the Senate is liable to forget the
question that is under consideration. Prom the
arguments that have been so eloquently madii by
my friend from Kentucky, for whose compli-
ments I am very much obliged, althought I wish
with so much praise he would give us a little more
pudding, it would seem that the question before
us is the removal of the academy from Newport
to Annapolis. There is no such question. The
question is, shall we inquire which is the best
place? and all the arguments which Senators have
addressed to the Senate against raising the com-
mission will be proper arguments to be addressed
to the Senate when we have the report of the com-
mission. We are perfectly willing that the ques-
tion should, remain where it is, or where it would
have been but for the amendment that was adopted
last Friday, on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The school at Newport
can be removed in the discretion of thePiesident.
It was first established by him at Annapolis. It
was afterwards for very good reasons, for " un-
fortunate circumstances," as my friend from Vir-
ginia styles rampant treason and flagrant rebellion,
removed to Newport. In the exercise of the
same discretion hecan carry it back to Annapolis;
he can carry it to Perth Amboy; he can carry it
to New London; but an amendment has been put
into the bill, which, by indirection, charges the
Department with carrying the school back to An-
napolis. We proposed a proviso, and, although
the Senator from Iowa insisted that the bill did
not carry tlie school back to Annapolis, and the
Senator from Maine said the proviso was just as
absurd as it would be to provide against a man
biting off his own nose, when we proposed a
proviso that nothing herein contained should be
construed as directing the reestablishment of the
academy at Annapolis, the Senators all voted
against it.
If you will putthis proviso in the bill, we will
give up the commission; but the bill as it is now
amended, in its present shape, indirectly, by im-
plication, orders the academy to be carried back
to Annapolis. The buildings at Annapolis are now
used as an hospital, and we are taking churches m
this city for hospitals to-day. Are we to turn out
the sick soldiers at an instant's warning? There
is to be a camp of instruction of fifty thousand men
at Annapolis. Does the Senator from Maine think
that will improve the location for the studies of the
young gentlemen in the Naval School? Do those
who object to the dissipation of Newport for two
months in the year think that a camp of fifty thou-
sand men will be no objection?
We are told, too, that if we allow this academy
to be located at any other place than Annapohs,
if we yield to any superior advantages that may j
be disclosed by the investigation of the commis-
sion, nay, if we raise this commission, we punish
Annapolis. Now, sir, we do not punish Annapo-
lis any more by keeping it at Newport than we pun-
ish Newport by taking it away and carrying it to
Annapolis, fortheschool is justaslegallyatNew-
nort now as it ever was at Annapolis.
' ' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Lane, of
Kansas, in the chair.) The question is on con-
curring in the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Foot] in Committee of the
Wholp, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to rail the roll.
Mr. POWELL (when his name was called)
said: lam paired on this question with the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons.] If I
were not, I should vote " nay," and the Senator
from Rhode Island would vote " yea" if he were
here.
The result was then announced—yeas i«, nays
17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas,
Latham, Pomeroy, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Clark, Collamer, Da-
vis, Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Lane of Indi-
ana, McDougall, Nesmith, Saiilsbury, Stark, WiHey, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
outlines two hundred and forty-four, two hundred
and forty-five, and two hundred and forty-six of
the first section of the bill, in the following words:
For rent of quarters for the Naval Academy at Newport,
wages of watchmen, furniture, and contingent expenses
therefor, .$18,047.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
For wages of watchmen and contingent expenses of the
Naval Academy, $22,797. For repainng and refitting the
buildings and grounds of tile Naval Academy at Annapolis,
$25,000.
Mr. KING. I ask for a separate vote on the
last clause, which I move to strike out. I should
have preferred an amendment to this bill which
would make the usual appropriation for the Na-
val Academy, without indicating at this time any
purpose or intention of Congress to give any di-
rection whatever to it; but I regarded this appro-
priation, with the declarations made from the com-
mittee, as a direction to return the academy to
Annapolis. That I was unwilling to vote for; and
as I did not see any othermode by which we could
avoid that than by the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont, I voted for that as an al-
ternative, but we certainly do not want both.
There is no necessity for this commission if we
retain that part of the amendment which amounts
to a direction for the return of the school to An-
napolis, and provides by an appropriation for the
fitting up of the buildings there.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I lise to a question of
order. It is this: before these amendments were
proceeded to be voted on, it was stated by the
Chair, as I understood, that only those amend-
ments which were excepted to at the time would
be voted upon separately. With that understand-
ing the others were adopted, and a few only ex-
cepted. Now, sir, this is one of the amendments
that was not excepted by any Senator; it was
adopted.
Mr. KING. 1 think it was excepted.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Delaware
is mistaken. I excepted this very amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed by the Clerk that this amendment was
excepted.
Mr. KING. And I now ask for a division of
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York asks for a separate vote on the
latter part of the amendment, which is the propo-
sition to appropriate for the Naval School at An-
napolis.
Mr. KING. The same question was taken in
committee, to strike out that part of the matter to
be inserted which provides for the repair of the
buildings at Annapolis.
Mr. HALE. I will suggest to my friend from
New York that lie will get at it better by simply
letting the first clause be adopted, and then taking
the question on the second.
Mr. KING. If you could withdraw it, I would
be willing to do that; but you cannot do that.
You havegot to amend the proposition. Itwould
not be in order m any other way, or I would have
no objection to it. Any mode which reaches the
question will be satisfactory to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to strike out the following
clause in the amendment adopted in committee:
Foi icpairing and refitting the building* and giounils ot
the Nav<t! Academy at Annapolis, S0o,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. If we retain this clause we had
better reconsider the other proposition raising the
commission. We do not want both.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to say there was
an old proverb that settles this case. We are told
not to throw money out of the window. Cloaily
we shall thiow money out of the window U we
make an appropriation of $25,000 to repair the
Naval School at Annapolis, when in the same bill
we constituted a commission to consider whether
or not it shall ever go to Annapolis.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts if he supposes the
Naval Academy will rfot be repaired- before this
commission reports.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume not.
Mr. GRIMES. If he has noticed-the amend-
ment we have adopted, there is no limit as to the
time in which they are to report; nor the space of
country they are to examine. I apprehend the
rival points will not be confined to the Atlantic
coast. There is no reason in the world—and I
apprehend that.must have been the motive which
influenced the Senators from Michigan in voting
for this commission—why Saginaw bay should
not come in and present its claims for the acad-
emy ; so also with Mackinaw; and my friend from
Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] says Puget Sound is an
admirable place.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend this commission
will not have discharged the duties expected of it
within the next two or three years; and in the
mean time, it seems to me, there might be some
appropriation for the repair of the buildings.
Mr. HOWARD. As my friend from Iowa has
seen fit to give a reason for me 
Mr. GRIMES. You assigned it yourself.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I have not said any-
thing on the subject. As he has undertaken to
assign a reason for me, it would have been cer-
tainly courteous to allow nie, while he was assign-
ing it, to assign it for myself.
Mr. GRIMES. I heard you say so on Satur-
day.
Mr. HOWARD. And in doing this I must be al-
lowed to say that I certainly do not see any especial
reason why this Naval Academy might notjust as
well be removed into the lake country, into that
peaceful Arcadian region where it would be un-
disturbed by secessionism, and the quarrels be-
tween the southern States and New England. It
seems to me it would rest there, and would perform
its functions with great efficiency, and would be
undisturbed by these contending elements which
are now pursuing it on the one side and on the
other. I confess that that motive had some little
influence upon the vote which I gave; and I hope
that commission, when they shall be properly con-
stituted, will take into consideration that peaceful
vale known as the valley of the St. Lawrence, so
far as it pertains to the United States, and en-
deavor to establish this school there.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 11, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Anthony, Foot, Foster, King, Lane of
Kansas, Pomcroy, Sumner, Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Wilmot,
ami Wihon of Massachusetts— II.
NAYS— M casus. Browning, Caillle, Claik, Collamor,Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fe^sendcn, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Ilemleison, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
McDougall, Nesmith, Powell, SauMmry, Stark, Willey,
Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—^4.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. After the
declaration of this vote, I desire to change the vote
that I have already given for the raisingofthe com-
mission. I constderit inconsistent, and I therefore
move to reconsider the vote by which we ordered
that commission. I think the idea of the Senate
voting twenty or twenty-five thousand dollars tore-
pair these buildings, and at the same time sending
out a commission, would be inconsistent. I believe
myself that the institution will go to Annapolis.
I have always supposed it would. I doubt very
much whether it had hotter be hurried back there
at present until this controversy is over. I voted
for this commission with a view ofexamining this
subject and looking into it; but at the same time,
while we vote for a commision, we vote an appro-
priation of a large sum of money to be expended
on these buildings at Annapolis. I do not see the
necessity of going into that expenditure. If we
had not made this appropriation for this year to
repair the buildings, and had sent out the commis-
sion, there would have been consistency of action;
but the idea of making this appropriation, and at
the Same time appointing this commission, seems
to be inconsistent; and 1 therefore move to recon-
sider the vote by which we ordered the commission.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not in order. There is a question before the Sen-
ate. The question is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
