1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
249
37th Cong,...2d Sess.
The New Conspiracy—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Reps.
Yet these dreamers cling, to their notions with the
happy impudence of Mdnchausen, who went to
the moon for the silver hatchet by means of a
Turkey bean which grew up to its horns. When
his bean was dried by the heat, he twisted a rope
of straw by which to descend, fastening one end
to the horns. Alas! like many similar schemes,
it was too short. But, holding fast by the left
hand, with his right he cut the long and useless
upper part, which, when tied to the lower end,
brought him safely to the earth! Such will be
the result of these lunatic experiments upon the
labor systems of the country. The sooner they
descend from the moon with their rope of straw
the better. Thus, with loss to the South and
damage to the North, both irreparable, and no
gain to either, the year of negro jubilee is to be
ushered into existence.
In conclusion, then, if the negro cannot be col-
onized without burdens intolerable, and plans too
delusive; if he cannot be freed and left South with-
out destroying its labor, and without his exterm-
ination ; if he cannot come North without becom-
ing an outcast and without ruin to northern in-
dustry and society, what shall be done?' Where
shall he go? He answers for himself. The pater
familias of a drove of negroes, the other day in the
valley of Virginia, was asked, " where are you
going?" "Dun' no, massa, dun* no; gwine
somewhere, Irecken." [Laughter.] His friends
can answer very little better. But such answer is
not statesmanship.
What shall be done? I answer, Representatives!
that our duty is written in our oath ! It is in the
Constitution op the United States ! Leave
to the States their own institutions where that in-
strument leaves them, keep your faith to the Crit-
tenden resolution, be rid of all ambiguous schemes
and trust under God for the revelation of His will
concerning these black men in our land, and the
overthrow by our power of this rebellion. Have
you no faith in God, who writes the history of
nations ? Great as is our power, wise as is our sys-
tem of Government, brave as are our soldiers, un-
equaledas are our fleets of iron, it is only for Him
to breathe upon us and our power will fade. I
know that His power can solve these dark prob-
lems of our fate. Let us do our duty to the order
established by our fathers, under His wise inspi-
ration, and all may be well.
In this night of our gloom, my faith has been
in Him, even as my oath to the Constitution which
He inspired, is made," so help me God!" Cleav-
ing to that—I can see the dawn of hope! Leaving
it, I see nothing but perjury, fraud, and a darker
night of disaster. In our Constitution alone, un-
der God—is our national salvation enshrined.
But 1 have no faith in,andno hopeof this Con-
gress, for they have no faith in God or the Con-
stitution. Greece had a law called the indictment
of illegality, whereby any man was tried and pun-
ished in a common court like a criminal for any
law which had passed on his motion in the assem-
bly of the people, if that law appeared unjust or
prejudicial to the public. If there were such a law
here how few of the majority of this House would
escape the dock of the criminal and the rope of the
gibbet. The member from Illinois [Mr. Love-
joy] would then receive the beatitudes which fol-
low suspended animation. [Laughter.] But what
of the member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley?] j
He has been ever ready, in his defense of black j
men and black character, to assail personally those !
with whom he differed. He could not pass by my j
humblespeechasto Hayti without some sarcastic !
flings and much misrepresentation, which he re- ;
fused to allow me to answer. He did not like my i
style of description, and wondered why there was 1
no laugh at my humor about the negro in court !
dress. He is more successful. He never speaks
but he is laughed at. His speeches have been
well described as being every word a sepulcher,
every sentence a tomb, and every speech a grave-
yard. [Laughter.] In this grave-yard he thought
to bury me, as he had buried others. But even
that vojcc—vox preterea nihil—which is likened to ^
the " cry of an itinerant bull in pursuit of society, j
moaning upon the broad prairies of the West," !
[gteat laughter,] would, if that Grecian law ex-
isted, be choked forever. He would then find his
melo-dramatic performances close before the fifth
act, in a tragedy, which an admiring audience
would applaud to the echo ! Faithless to their
own resolves, faithless to the President's message
and proclamations, faithless to their pledges to
the Army and to the people, faithless to the mem-
ories of the past and the hopes of the future, faith-
less to the Constitution and to the God of their
oath—these maddened zealots pursue the work of
destruction. A few short months, and even the
blacks of America will curse them as their worst
enemy. This Congress, which ought to be en-
gaged in holding up the hands of the Executive,
ana in giving aid and counsel in putting down this
armed rebellion, has striven to circumvent the
plans of the President by their immature and vin-
dictive bills of confiscation. It has been cooper-
ing away at the vessel, hooping it around with
infinite pains by emancipation, while its bottom,
like the tub of Danaides, is full of holes, and can
hold no water.
Weary in watching its mad designs of revolu-
tion—and its crazy crotchets of black freedom—
and for the self-preservation of my native State and
North from the black immigration with which it is
threatened, I shall go to my home and ask the ballot
to speak its denunciation. A few months and that
expression will be had. On it depends the fate of
the Republic. My belief is, that the people will
write the epitaph of this Congress, nearly as
Gladstone wrote that of the Coalition ministry
during the Crimean war:
Here lie the ashes of the Thirty-Seventh Congress!
It found the United States in a war of
gigantic proportions, involving
ith veiy existence.
It was content to wield the scepter of power
and aeccpt the emoluments of office j
and used them to overthrow
the political and social system of the country, which
it was sworn to protect.
It saw the fate of thirty-four white commonwealths in peril;
but it babbled of the
Negro!
It saw patriotic gencials and soldiers in the
field, under the old flag;
It slandered the one, and in the absencc of the other
it destroyed his means of labor.
It talked of liberty to the black, and
plied burdens of taxation on white people
for scheme's Utopian.
The people launched at it the thunderbolt
of their wrath,
and its members nought to avoid punishment,
by creeping into dishonored
political graves!
Rcquicscat!
THE NEW CONSPIRACY
SPEECH OF HON. S. EDG-ERTON,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
May 28,1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr.EDGERTON said:
Mr. Chairman: It is but seldom that I trouble
the House with any views of mine. I am gen-
erally content to express my views by recording
my vote on measures that are brought before this
body. And, indeed, I am ill prepared to-day to
discuss any question, owing to the condition of
my health; but the difficulty of obtaining the
floor is usually so great that I cannot forego this
opportunity.
It will be apparent, Mr. Chairman, from what
we have seen for the last few weeks, and more
especially from what we witnessed on this floor
yesterday, that while the Government of the
United States is engaged with a powerful enemy
in the field, it has also here an organized foe to
contend with. While this Government is exert-
ing all its powers to crush out this rebellion, at-
tacks are to be made upon it at home to weaken
its power and paralyze its arm in crushing out
the treason that stalks abroad in the land. That
effort has taken form and organization. I find it
in the form of an address issued by certain men
in this House. I have in my hand the address
issued by certain Democratic members upon this
floor, which is certainly a very suggestive docu-
ment. It is suggestive not only from the names
signed to it, but very suggestive from the names
that are not signed to it. It is suggestive from
what it contains, and far more suggestive from
what it does not contain. I shall not at this time
undertake to discuss the modesty of these gentle-
men in thus addressing the people of the country.
I may no t question their rigli t to issue this add ress,
but I see that it has not appended to it the names
of a majority of the Democratic members of this
House. I find the name of no New England Dem-
ocrat attached to it. I find not the name of that
loyal Democrat from Indiana [Mr. Hoi,man]
amxed to it. I fail to discover the name of my
loyal Democratic colleague from the district ad-
joining my own [Mr. Nugen] attached to it. Nor
do I find the influential member of the war com-
mittee [Mi'.Odell] there. I said that a majority
of the Democratic members of this body had failed
to sign it, though I do not know how many may
have responded to the invitatioirwhich I see ap-
pended to the address in the shape of a note. The
paper is left open, like a subscription book, for
any one to take stock in the concern who wishes.
From all the northern States there are Democrats
who have not joined in issuing this address.
If I am correctly informed, i may state, too,
that the meeting at which thisaddress was adopted
was not of the most harmonious character. If
reports have not been incorrectly sent forth, there
was discord and contention there. But i will pro-
ceed to the character of this address.
There is nothing very peculiar in the address
itself. The substance of it might have been culled
from the speech of any traitor on this floor in the
last two years. There is nothing new in it. I
see in it no complaint or even disapprobation of
the southern rebellion. A person reading it would
little suspect that it was written at the capital of a
nation in the throes of revolution, that this nation
had on that day more than half a million of men
in the field struggling for the maintenance of the
Constitution and the laws. No, sir, there is no
word of condemnation of treason in this so-called
Democratic address. For aught that spears in
it, Jeff Davis and all his traitor cabinet might
have signed it with propriety. The summing up
of the address is in these words:
" The great immediate issue is—to maintain the Consti-
tution as'it is, and to restore the Union as it was."
"Maintain the Constitution as it is!" Who
has proposed to changc the Conslitution ? Not
the Republicans. Who, I repeat, has proposed
to change the Constitution ? The rebels now in
arms against the Constitution, and the very men
who signed this paper. Why,Mr. Chairman,for
years past there has been an effort made by a cer-
tain class of the Democratic party to change the
fundamental law of this land. Two years ago, it
is well known to members here, how violent,
fierce, and untiring those men were to change the
Constitution of our country. On the I6th day of
January, 1861, Mr. Garnctt, a noted rebel from
Virginia, used the following words on this floor:
" What the minority section needs is power—power to
secure its lights against a majority seetion, differing in
opinions and institutions, and animated by lixed hostility
to those of the minority. The danger to the minority is not
only in hostile legislation, but m a hostile u>e of" Federal
pationage and influence, and in the absence of sueh posi-
tive protection as its interests may require, whether m
our foreign relations, in expansion by territorial acquisi-
tion, or 111 forming new States by colonization in such ac-
quisition. To secure all this the South must have an abso-
lute vetoin every department of the Government
" The South must have an absolute veto in
every department of this Government," says M.
R. H. Garnett. Well, sir, on the 7th day of Feb-
ruary, of the same year, my colleague from the
Dayton district, [Mr, Vaixandicxiam,] who,by
the way, is the author of this address and the
father of this movement, the leader in this assault
upon the Government—my colleague from the
Dayton district brought in the following proposi-
tion:
Joint resolution proposing amendments to the Constitution.
Whereas the Constitution of the United States is a grant
of specific powers delegated to tile Federal Government by
the people of the several States, all powers not delegated
to it nor prohibited to the States being reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people; and whereas it is the tend-
ency of strongei Governments to enlarge their powers and
jurisdiction at the expense of weaker Governments, and of
majorities to u-urji ami abuse power and oppress minori-
ties, to ai rest and hold in check winch tendency compacts
and constitutions are made; and whcieas the onl> eliect-
ual constitutional security for the rights ot minorities,
whether as people or as States, ib tire power expiessly ie-
served in constitutions of protecting those riahts by their
own action; and whereas this mode of protection by checks
and guarantees is recognized in the Federal Constitution,
