1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
when you must necessarily deal first with the per-
son. On conviction of treason^ the incident is
.necessarily, under the Constitution and laws, a
forfeiture of the estate.
But punish severely the leaders, and so restrain
your law, and you will thereby give certainty to
its execution, because its provisions are reason-
able and thus can be enforced.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, if the provision
for a trial by jury, as suggested by my colleague,
[Mr. Wrigiit,] be put in in too general terms, I
fear that his object may be defeated. It may be
possible that in some of the border States some
loyal men may chance to get on the jury and find
against a rebel. So, if this provision be incor-
porated, I trust it will be with due guards. For
instance, there might be a proviso that in the case
of the trial of any question involving the property
of a rebel colonel, the jury should be drawn from
the field and line officers of his regiment, and that
in a case touching the interests of a major, cap-
tain, or lieutenant, the jury should be drawn from
the men of his command. If jury trial be made
a part of the confiscation law, and there be not
thrown around it some such guaids as these, you
may depend on it there will be in some of the bor-
der States—there is no danger of any such result
in the cotton States, where all are rebels—!some
findings that may affect the property of rebels. 1
shall offer no argument on the subject. I lose
simply to throw out this suggestion, so that if the
proposition of my colleague be adopted it shall
be so carefully guarded that his object may be
surely attained, and the property of every rebel
be sacredly protected against confiscation.
Mr. B1 DOLE. Mr. Speaker, I had some thought
of ofFering a few poor observations of mine to the
House on the constitutional objections to this
batch of bills, of which that before the House is
one; but I have found the whole ground so com-
pletely preoccupied by the great argument deliv-
ered here by the eminent jurist from Massachu-
setts, (Mr. Thomas,] some days since, and by an-
other able argument which has been printed, and
to which I shall not refer bocause it was made on
the floor of the other House, that I feel I can add
nothing to the arguments which hatfe carried con-
viction to my mind as to the limit of our'legis-
lative power in the premises. I will, therefore,
say that it is on the grounds laid down in these
great arguments that I shall vote against all of the
bills leported in this series.
Mr. PORTER. I now submit the motion that
this subject be postponed till next Tuesday, and
that it be made the special order for that day; and
. on that I move the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that motion will be
voted down.
The SPEAKER. It can only be made a spe-
cial order by unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The previous question seconded, and the main
question ordered; which was on the moiion to
postpone.
Mr. IIICKMAN. On that motion, I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 59, nays 51; as follows:
YMAS—-Mevsi*. Allen, Babbitt, Joseph Baily, Buldlo,
Francis 1'. IJlair, Jacob J?, Blair, Georjre II. P.iown.*, Cal-
vert, Casey, Clement-, Roscoe Conkling, Cox. Cif-field,
Crittenden, Diven, Duntnp, Dunn. F'l-hor, Goodwin,
Giaug'T, Grider, Guilcy, U.iil. Harding, H;un->on, Keru-
gan, Knnpp. Law, Lc'Iiiikui, '}lch"iu ht, Mallory, Mav,
a i euKiOj Aloiri*, ]Yi\on, Noble. No<il, Notion, Oltn, Pot-
tei, Price. Jam''-- S Roihns. Sheffield, Shellabargei, Smith,
John I] Steele. Stratum, Benjamin F. Tlioimw, Francis
Thomn-*, Trimble, Vibbaid,Vo<>iliee<, E. 1\ Walton,Waid,
Wh.ih'j, Chilton A. White, Woochutl', Worce*toi, and
Wught—39.
NAYS—]Uev?r-. Aidnch JJakei. Baxter. Benman, Bing-
ham, s.iniuei S. Blair,"Blake. William G. Biovvn, Buffiu-
ton, Burnhaiu, Cramberlin, (Jollax, Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Covode. Cutle<, Davi-., Duel], Edwauls, Illiot, Ely,
Fenion, Fianeliot, Fiunk, Ilaueiieu, fltckm.ui, Hooper.
Juh.m, Kclle\, Fianeib W KeilosrLr, LntiMiitf, Lnoim.s,
Lovcjoy, MePiier-on, Mooiheud, Justin S. Mouili, Pat-
ton, Timothy (J. IMielp-.. Pike, Kiddle, Edwin S. Roitin-,
Sargent, fcfbank-, Steven-, Turn budge, Vdlhuidighdui, Van
Horn, Van Valkenburgh. Wall, Albeit S. White, Wilson,
and Wmdom—31.
Dunnu the vote,
Mr, JPilvb stated that his colleague, Mr. Fes-
senden, had been obliged to leave the House on
account of sickness.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say to
the House that the motion will be considered as
applying to all bills and joint resolutions on the
Calendar on this subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
that was the intention of the gentleman who made
the motion.
Mr. HICKMAN. That was not the motion,
and I object.
Mr. STEVENS. If the rebels have a majority
in this House, I suppose we cannot help it.
Mr.DIVEN.. I objccttothelanguageaddressed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] to men who have voted in the negative on
this question,as uncourteousand as unmanly. He
said that if the rebels were in a majority here he
could not help it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that a mo-
tion to postpone the whole of the bills together
cannot be made, if objected to. The gentleman
from Ohio objects to applying the motion to all
the bills, and therefore the Chair will have to hold
it as applying only to the bill before the House.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. DUNN. I move to postpone all the other
bills and joint resolutions on this subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The other bills are not before the House now.
Mr. PORTER. My motion was broad enough.
It was to postpone the whole subject.
The SPEAKER. The whole subject would
only cover what is properly before the House,
unless the House understood it otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. I guess we all understood it
in that way.  
Mr. HICKMAN. I make the point of order
that all the bills cannot be included in a general
motion of this kind.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. DUNN. Then I move to postpone the
next bill that is in order, and on that I move the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The next bill in order is
House bill No. 107, to provide for the capture
and condemnation of enemy property, and to in-
demnify the United States for expenses incurred
in the suppression of rebellion,to which thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has offered
the following amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute:
, Stiike out all after the enacting words of the bill, and
insert as follows:
That if any person or persons, within any State or Ter-
ritory of the United States, shall, after the taking effect of
this act, engage in aimed rebellion against the Government
of the United States, oi shall aidoi abet such rebellion, all
the pioperty, money's, stocks, credits, and effects of such
poison or persons are hereby declared lawful subjects of
puze and capture, wheievor found, for the indemnity of
the United States ngain>t the expense* ot suppiesMugsueh
rebellion ; ami it is heieby made the duty of the President
of the United States to cause all Mich propeity, whetever
tound, to be seized, to the end that the same may be con-
fif-c.ited and condemned as hereinafter piovided !oi the use
ot the United States.
Slo. 2. *dnd be it further enacted, That all property so
captured oi seized shall In; condemned in the di.->tuctcouils
of the United States, and that the pioeeedmgs of condem-
nation shall he in rem, and shall be instituted and piose-
cuted in the name ot the United States in any district court
of the United States within any district in which the same
may be seized or situate, or into winch the fame may be
taken and proceeding* first instituted, and which proceed-
ing "-hall eonioim a--; neatly as may be to ptoceedtngs m
puze ease^-, or to ea<e.s of iorfeituie arising under the rev-
enue laws; and in all ca-es the property seized and con-
demned, whether leal or personal, shall be sold puisuant to
such iu!e> as the Secietaiy of the TredMirj may pi escribe,
ami the pioceeds deposited in the Tre;i<my of the United
States for the sole u e ot the United States.
Sec. 3. Jlvd be it farther enacted, That the Attorney Gen-
eral or any district attorney of the United Stales of any
di-tnet iu which ihe«aid propeity or effects may at the tune
be, or into which the fame may be taken, shall institute
the proceeding* ot condemnation as hereinbefore provided.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
modify my amendment by inserting, after the
words "United States," in the sixth line of the
second section, the words " or the district court
for the District of Columbia;" so that it will read:
PjoM.'euted in the name of the United States in any dis-
trict oouit ot the United rftates oi the district court for the
District oi Columbia. *
Mr. THOMAS, ofMassachusetts. I make the
point of older that on this motion tlure can be no
amendment offered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has a right to modify his amendment at any time
before a vote is taken on it, and in any way he
pleases.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I ask to have it mod-
ified in the manner I have indicated.
The substitute was so modified.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on Mr. Dunn's
motion to postpone.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committed on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint res-
olution (S. No. 2G) explanatory of, arid in addi-
tion to, the act of June 3, 1856, granting public
lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the con-
struction of railroads in said State; when the
Speaker signed the same.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY AGAIN.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Joseph Baily, Biddle, Francis F.
Blair, Jacob B. Blair, George IT. Browne, Calvert, Casey,
Clements, Cox, Crisfield, Cnttenden, Diven, Dunlap,
Dunn, Fisher, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Hall, Haiding,
Harrison, Knapp,Law, Lehman, McICnight,Mallory, May,
Menzics, Moms, Nixon, Noble, Noeli, Norton, Nngen,
Odell, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Price, James S.
Rollins, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Smith, John B. Steele,
Stratton, Benjamin F.Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trimble,
Yibbard, Voorhees, Ward, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Woodiuff, and Wiight—56.
NAYS—Mes^s. Aidnch, Arnold, Ashley, Baker, Baxter,
Seaman. Bingham. Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G.
Brown, Buftinton, Burnbam, Chambethn, Colfax, Freder-
ick A. Conkimg, Roseoo Conkimg, Covode, Cutler, Davis,
jDuell, Edwaide, EUor, Ely, Fenton, Fianohot, Frank,
Goocli, Ilanchett, Hickman, Hooper, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Landing, Lootms, Lovejoy, McPherson,
Mooihead, Justin S. Mofrill, Patton, Pike,.Potter, John II.
Rice, Riddle, Edward H- Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Stevens,
Tiowbudge, Vnllamhgham, Van Ilom, Van Valkenburgh,
Wall, E. P. Walton, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Worcestei—58.
So the bill was not postponed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I believe it is now in order
to offer an amendment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to amend by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting as
follows:
That the President of the United States, as Commander-
in-Chief of the Auny and Navy of the United States, is
heteby authorized to make use of all moans not inconsistent
with the laws of wai, which, m his judgment, may be
deemed necessary to ciu-h tho lebellion, including the
seizure and final disposition of all the propeity, ie«U and
pei&ona!, of those engaged in armed lebellion against the
Government of the United States, or aiding in such icbel-
lion, including slaves; and that, in the opinion of Con-
gtes.->, decided measures on the part of the Executive have
already become necessary.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I submit, in the first place, that the resolution is
not legislation, but a mere declaration of the opin-
ion of Congress. It is not in the nature of a bill;
it is not in the nature of legislation, and is not at
all pertinent to the bill before the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman will observe
that the amendment as now offered by me does
notconform precisely to the amendmentas printed,
I have stricken out the words " in the opinion of
Congress," so that it reads, " that tho President
of the United States is authorized."
Mr. BINGHAM. Still it is not in the form or
nature of legislation, and I submit that question
of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will modify my amend-
ment still further, by inserting the word " here-
by," so that it will read: " That the President is
hereby authorized." Thatisinthe formoflegis-
lation.
Mr. BINGIJAM. The gentleman will please
wait until I have stated my question of order be-
fore he interrupts me. I believe that tho amend-
ment, as modified by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, is not legislation under the Constitution
of the United States at all, and therefore cannot
be admitted as an amendment to this bill.
I desire to state further, in support of my ques-
tion of order, or as the ground of it rather, to say
that it is entirely foreign to the bill before the
House, which provides for the seizure and cap-
tutc of the property of the enemy and its condem-
nation in the courts. The bill presented by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, if it is treated as a
bill at all, or as an act of legislation at all, is sim-
ply a declaration that the President of the United
States is hereby authorized, himself, to seize prop-
erty if, in his judgment, it shall be necessary;
and I desire the Speaker, in settling the question
