$730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
. . Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now make
,ray motion. _
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment of
the Senator from "Vermont was concurred in.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not see the necessity
or the propriety of that motion. I believe these
buildings and grounds belong to the United States
now; .they are our property, and a large sum of
money has been expended there. Because of the
vote which has been taken to raise a commission,
which presupposes some little time before this
school shall be permanently located, are we to let
these buildings go to ruin or decay ? The United
States own the property, and there is a propriety
in their keeping it in repair. * If the site for this
academy should be chosen or fixed somewhere
else, this property thus repaired will be available,
in thej market, and the Government will realize
something from it. If we pay no attention to it, if
wc expend no money upon it, we, as the owners,
are not taking care of the public property in the
same way in which we would take care of our
own property. I do not, therefore, see any great
inconsistency in appropriating money to keep
these buildingsin repair, and in our having a com-
mission to select asite for this academy, when the
site selected may be this very one, and, in accord-
ance with the opinion of many Senators, is likely
to be this very one. I see no inconsistency in both
these amendments standing; on the contrary, it
strikes me as being very appropriate and highly
proper. Let the buildings be repaired; let them
be kept from the operation of the weather and the.
destruction of time as much as possible; a want of
proper care and occupancy always works upon
such property as that, and in the mean time let the
commission be looking over the country. They
may go from the Atlantic to the golden coast, if
tliey choose. It is not likely that they will, or
expend so much money as that idea seems to in-
volve. They may go to the lakes and the Gulf of
Mexico, if they sec At; but I apprehend that the gen-
tlemen selected for this commission in the way it is
proposed, will not be guilty of any such miscon-
duct as that. I am not afraid of any vast expend-
iture of money by this commission in going over
the country to discover sites, for the purpose of
amusing themselves in expending the public
money. I am opposed to this proposition to re-
consider, because I think there is propriety in
both amendments standing ill the bill as they are
now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I voted for
the proposition to raise this commission with the
greatest possible reluctance. I voted for it, how-
ever, to gratify gentlemen who thought it was best
to examine this question thoroughly, and see
whether it was best to go back to Annapolis, or se-
lcctNcwport,Perth Amboy, or some other locality
in the country. My own judgment is that this
academy will go to Annapolis; and if I had the
question to decide to-day, I should send it to An-
napolis in view of the expenditure wc have already
made and of its former location. I was willing,
however, as it had been removed from Annapolis
at the breaking out of tins rebellion, that it should
remain where it now is, and that a commission
should examine this question, and it might be
found that there was a better place than Annap-
olis, and that it would be for the interest of the
academy and the country to remove it perma-
nently to some other place. But now,after rais-
ing this commission, wc propose to spend a sum
of money to take care of these buildings. They
do not need any taking care of; I know it person-
ally. Not a dollar need be spent there this year
for preserving that property, unless you preserve
it on the idea that your school is to go there.
These buildings were used for several days before
the school was taken away for military purposes.
I was at Annapolis before the school was taken
away, and when the troops landed there. I know
something of the sentiment of the people, and I
say it was unanimous at the time in sympathy
with the rebellion, and against the troops landing
there or coming through there to the defense of
this city. It was under those influences that the
school was removed to Newport. I think it was
right to make that removal, and the Government
was justified in making the removal at the time.
Those buildings were in good condition at that
time; everything was in fine order. Those build-
ings have since been used for military purposes;
I think they are now used for military purposes;
and it is proposed to send the troops there for
organizing purposes during the present summer.
Now, sir, as this commission has been ordered,
I think this expenditure entirely unnecessary; it
is money to be thrown away; and I think one or
the other ought to be abandoned; and that the
Senate ought now either to reconsider the vote
appointing this commission or reconsider the
vote making this appropriation, which is an ap-
propriation not necessary to be made, unless the
school is to go back to Annapolis. If you have not
determined that question, why spend the money?
If you intend to investigate it further, why throw
away this sum of money during the pendency of
that investigation on buildings which you may
not have to use at all? What you have already
expended for any purposes of protection is of no
use whatever. The buildings may stand three
or four years longer without harm. The Senator
from New York, in making this motion, I think
acted in perfect harmony with the other vote ap-
pointing the commission; but as this appropria-
tion has been made, I move to reconsider the vote
appointing the commission.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to reconsider the vote appointing a commis-
sion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will only say as to the vote
ordering the commission, that it was adopted after
a very long and thorough debate, and the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York has just been
rejected very hastily and inconsiderately. I think
we had better reconsider the last vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had along debate on
that question the other day.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Carlite, Clark, Collamcr,
Davis, Doolittle, Fesscnden, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Sauhbury, Stark,
YVilley, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wnfii'it—ao.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale, Ilowuid, 11 owe, King, Lane ofKansas, Poineroy,
Suimici, Ten Eycli, Tiumbull, and Wilmot—15.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are no
further excepted amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in after the amendment adopted on
motion of the Senator from Towa, authorizing the
President to appoint annually ten midshipmen for
education at the Naval Academy, " who shall be
selected from the sons of officers or soldiers who
distinguish themselves in the service of the United
States, or from the sons of officers and men in the
naval or marine service of the United States who
have thus distinguished themselves." Itis to add
the following:
And who shall be selected ft om the applicants in the
order of merit, to lie decided under such regulations as the
I'resident shai! establish.
My object in offering the amendment is this: I
think it a very judicious one, and I think there
ought to be equal advantages given to alt those
who might make application. Unless a provision
like this be inserted, the officers who are in ser-
vice here in the bureaus and navy-yards, and who
are acquainted with the President, and whose fam-
ilies are acquainted with him, will very naturally
have a great advantage over those serving at a
distance, and who have no opportunity to come
to Washington. I am further desirous of intro-
ducing the practice of appointing both to the Na-
val Academy and to West Point upon the com-
petitive system, so that the finest young men in
the country shall obtain these positions, and not
have them given out, as they are now, by politi-
cal favoritism.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the section to which
this is to be added be read, so that we can under-
stand the connection, i want to know what it is.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlml be ilfmlhcr evaded, That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall be, and he hereby is, authonzed to annually
appoint ten acting midshipmen for education at the Naval
Academy, who shall be selected from the sons of officers or
soldiers who distinguish themselves in the service of the
United States, or from the sons of officers or men in tile
naval or marine service of the United States who have tints
distinguished themselves.
The amendment of Mr. Anthony is to add:
And who shall be selected from the applicants in the order
of merit, to be decided under such regulations as the Pres-
ident shall establish.
Mr. GRIMES. The purpose that the Senator
from Rhode Island desires to accomplish is very
commendable, and one that I would desire to have
adopted if it were possible. This matter was re-
ferred by the Committee on Naval Affairs to me «
at an early day, and I have reflected upon it a
great deal; and I do not know any better way to
accomplish what we all sought to accomplish than
is embodied in that section. The trouble in car-
rying out the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island is this: there may be about Wash-
ington six or seven young men who are the sons
of soldiers and officers in your bureaus, and they
can very readily go before a board to be exam-
ined; there is no trouble in getting them before
the board; but then here is a young man at Fort
Independence, and another young man at Fort
Snelhng, in Minnesota, and another young man at
Fort Smith, in Arkansas, and another one at Fort
Walla-Walla, in Oregon. How are you going to
get them there? How are you going to examine
them ? How arc you going to bring them to com-
pete with the sons of these men who are here in
the various Departments? You cannot do it. They
are the sons of soldiers, men who are poor, who
cannot furnish them the means of coming here,
and the Government has made no provision, and
cannot afford to pay them the expense of coming.
1 should like to accomplish exactly the object the
Senatorfrom Rhode Island desires to accomplish;
but it seems to me our only way is to let it stand
as it is.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose nothing is more ap-
parent than that the Navy will have to be very
largely increased after wcgetthrough our present
difficulties, and consequently the number of naval
officers will have to be increased. I will move an
amendment to the section that is to be amended,
to strike out all after the word " that, "and insert
the words I send to the desk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed by the Clerk that that affects an amend-
ment that has already been adopted by the Senate,
and the only way he can reach his object is by a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. ANTHONY. Lettheamendment beread
so that we may see what it is.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
That each Senator shall have aright to nominate one
person to a midshipman's warrant in the Naval School.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that there are two bills ill the House of
Representatives, coming to us probably, in regard
to the personnel of this scrvice, where his amend-
ment will be more germane than to this bill as it"
now stands.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will propose this as ail addition to the amend-
ment.
Mr. GR.IMES. But the Senator will observe
that it says each Senator shall be allowed one ap-
pointment. Does it mean one appointment every
year, or one in four years ? Is each Senator to
appoint annually ?
Mr. DAVIS. One in four years.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thinlc the Senator from
Kentucky would better accomplish his object if
he would offer that as a separate amendment, and
not complicate it with this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Kentucky is not in order. He
proposes to amend an amendment that has been
agreed to in Committee of the Whole and in the
Senate, and it is not in older. The questi6n is on
the adoption of the amendment proposed by the
Senator fiom Rhode Island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that that is not
ill order if the other has been adopted in the Sen-
ate. If the amendment offered by the Senator
from Iowa was adopted in the Senate, as I under-
stand it was, it is too late now to move an amend-
ment to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, but to
amend the bill.
