1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whether the amendment is in the nature of legis-
lation, to notice that it merely authorizes the Pres-
identto seize this property whenever, in his judg-
ment, it may be deemed nccessary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide
upon the efficiency of the laws which Congress
may pass. The amendmentof thegentleman from
Pennsylvania is upon the same subjectas the bill,
and while the objection of the gentleman may be
a valid one for the consideration of the House in
voting upon it, the Chair cannot sec that it is
properly a question of order. The Chair decides
that the amendment is in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, I have so much
confidence in the judgment of the Chair, that I
believe I will not take an appeal.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
Mr. NOELL. Before the previous question is
seconded, I desire toask the gentleman from Ohio
to accept an amendment to his substitute.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear the gentleman's
suggestion.
Mr. NOELL. It is to insert the word " will-
fully" in the fourth line of the first section, after
the word " shall,"and to insert the same word in
the sixth line of the same section, so that it shall
apply to those who are willfully in arms against
the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will accept the gentleman's
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being on Mr. Hickman's amend-
ment,
Mr. HICKMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. IIICKMAjN" calledTor tellers on the yeas
and nays.
• Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the substitute offered
by Mr. Bixgiiam.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. Is it in order to
offer an amendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The gentleman
from Ohio promised me that I should have the
opportunity of offering an amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will have an
abundant opportunity of offering it before this
matter is disposed of. I call for the yeas and nays
upon my substitute.
Mr. DIVEN. Is debate in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous ques-
tion has been seconded.
Mr. DIVEN. The gentleman from Ohio cer-
tainly gave me the assurance, as a member of the
committee, that he would not cut off debute upon
this subject.
Mr. IJINGHAM. I do not propose to cut off
debate, but I desire the vote may be taken upon
my amendment without further delay. There
will be a further oppoitunity for debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS— Mc^sr*. AkSiich, Ainold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bufhnton,
Buinhaui, Chainbetiiu. Colfax, Fiedenck A. Conkling,
Roseoe Conkling, Covode, Cutler. Davis,Duell, Edwaid.s
Eliot. Ely, Fenton, Fianchot, Fiank, Gooch, Granger, Gur-
Je\. Hooper, Julian, Keller, Fianct> W. Kellogg, Lansing,
Lootms Lovejoy, MeKnight, McPh<jnon, Mitchell, Moor-
head. Nixon. Noel I, Patton. TunothvG. Phelps Pike, Poi-
tet. Pottei, John 11. Rice. lliddie., Edwaid II Rollins, Sai-
genr. Shank*, Shell,ib.ugei, Steven?-, Stratum. Tumble,
Tiow budge. Van I loin, Van Va I kenbuigh, Albert S. White,
Wil-on, Window, and Worcester—62.
N\YS—Mes?-K<. Allen, Joseph Baily, Baxter. Biddle,
Frunci" P. Blan. Jacob B- Blair.'Geoige II. Browne, Wil-
liam G. Broun, CalveiT, Ca-e\. Clements, Cox. Cu^field,
Cnttenden. Diven. Duidap, Guder, Hall, Harding, Hatti-
>on, Hickman, Kenyan, Kn.ipp. Law, Lehman, Malloiv,
M;i\ Menzic*, Ju.-tm S Mori ill, Mori n. Noble, Noiton,
Ode!!, Olin. Jame> S. Rollins. Sheffield, Smith, John B.
Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas Fianeis Thonnw, ^ allandig-
haiu, Vibbaid, Voorheo, C P. Walton, Waid, Chilton A.
White, Woodrutf, and Wuiiiit—48.
So the amendment submitted by Mr. Bingham
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and icadathird time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yens and nays weie oidered.
Mr. POUTER. Is it in order to make a motion
to lecommit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PORTER. I move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions
that they rep'ort the substitute which I presented
to the other bill, and which I now send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph Baily, Diddle, Jacob B. Blair,
George II. Biowne, William G. Brown. Calveit, Casey,
Clements, Crisfield, Crittenden, Diven,' Dunlap, Grider,
Hall, Raiding, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lehman, Mailory,
May, Menzies, Morris, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Puce, James
S Rollins, Smith. John B. Steele, Francis Thomas Vib-
bard, Voorhee>, Ward, Chilton A. White, and Wught—36.
NAYS—Mesais Aldiich, Arnold, Ashley. Babbitt, Ba-
kei, Baxtei, Beainan, Bingham, Francis P. Blah. Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Chambeihn, Coltax, Fiederick
A. Conkling, Ilo-scoe Conkling, Covode, Cox, Cutler, Davis,
Duell, Duiin, Edwaids, Eliot, Fenton, Fi-her, Franchot,
Flunk, Gooeh, Goodwin, Grander, Guilty, Harrison, Hick-
man, Hooper, Julian, Kellev, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovojoy, McKnight, MePhcrson, Modihead, Jus-
tin S. Moiull, Nixon, Noble, Noel!, Olin, Patton, Timothy
G Phelps Pike, Poiter, Potter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Ed-
ward H. liollms, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiimble, Trowbridge,Vallandigham,
Van Hotn, Van Valkenburgh, Wall, E. P. Walton, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. POTTER stated thai his colleague, Mr.
Sloan, was detained from the House by illness.
The question recurrcd on Mr. Porter's mo-
tion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with instructions to report back the
bill indicated.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I move to amend
the instructions by providing that the committee
shall report back the following:
That if any person or persons owing allegiance to the
United States f.hall, alter the parage ot this act, levy war
against them, ot shall adheieto their enemies, giving them
aid and coiufoit, and ; hall thereof he convicted, on confes-
sion in open couit.oi on the testimony of two witnc-f-'>, to
the '■ami1 overt act'of tieason, wheieo! he or they shall stand
indictcd, f-uch person or pei-on^ shall he adjudged guilty
ot nea-on against the United States, and shall suffer death
or imprisonment not le-s than live .yenis and be fined not
less than $10,000 ; winch tine shall be levied and collected
on any or all ot the piopeity, real and personal, of which
the said pei&ou or peisons convicted was owner at the
time of the committing of the said act, anj sale or convey-
ance to the contiaiy notwithstanding; and every person &o
convicted shall be iorever incapable and disqualified ftom
holding am office under the United States; but the Piesi-
dent may paidon or remit the whole or any pait of said
punishment.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the persons to
whose labor or service any person convicted under this act
has claim by the laws of any State, shall thereupon be for-
ever ftee and discharged therefiom.
St.c. 3. And be it further enacted, Th.it this act .-hall not
be confined in any wav to aficct or alter the prosecution,
conviction, oi puni-hment ot any pinion or per-on- gui!t\
of treason again.-t the United States beloic the parage of
this act, unless «uch person i< convictcd under this act.
Spc. 4. And be it further cnactcd, That whenever it shall
be deemed necessary to the speedy and Miccessfnl termina-
tion of <i lebellton by the Prc-idcnt, he is hereby authoiiaeil,
bv such commissioner as he shall appoint, to scqucstei and
seize the piopeitv, real and peisonal, of such peisons as
shall beat arms against the United States, or give aid and
comtort to .-uch poisons wheiever Mfuatcd; and if within
any part of the United State- the inhabitants whereof have
been piuclaimed to be m a state of insuuectlon, to hold,
occupy, lent, and couliol for the United States until the or
dmaiy course of judiei.il pioceednigshall he lestoied in the
State or district w heie the same is situated, and in all eases
until the owneirf ot said piopeity can be p.oceeded <igain>t
by Iceai pio-ecution; but no persons iiolden to >ei vice, com-
monly called slaves.shall be taken underfills section. And
all such pewmal piopeitv as .sh.ill be so taken which is
peii-hable, or expensive in keeping, may b" sold hv said
comnii--iot!eis, \\ hn -hall keep and lender lull accounts of
all the avaiN and receipts fiom said propei t\ so sold, let, ot
occupied, and pay over the avails to the Tua-ury of the
United States.
Spc. •>. And he it fuithcr enactct. That whenever the
Pte-ident, m puisii.ince of exiting law <. -hall, by procla-
niation, have declared the inhabitants ot any State or sec-
tion. oi pait theieof, in a state ot indirection against the
United States, lie i* hereb> authoiuud. at any time theie-
aftei, b\ pioclamatioTi, to extend to any such persons who
may have pattu .pated the,em. and m any such State or
pait thereof a- he shall judge piopor, paidon and amnesty,
with such exception-* and at such tune and with such con-
dition-. as he shall deelaie and pioclaiiu.
SfC.6. And belt /10 the-, enacted. That ,t any State, or
pait theieof, m which the inhabitants have by the Piesi-
dent been declaied m a state of uisuneetion, the said m^ui-
lect'on shall have eoutlnued foi apenodot six month j. then
and in that ea-e the Piesident h heiebv aurhot ized, it in
jiis opinion it shall be necos^atyto fin: <ucce^-fnl «uppies-
sion of said in-unection, b\ pioelajnation lolixandappoint
' a du) when ail pirr-ons holden to service oj labor in anj
such Suite, or part thereof as he shall declare, whose ser-
vice or labor is by the law or custom of said State due to
any person or persons, who, after the day so fixed by said
proclamation, shall levy war or participate in insurrection
against the United States, or give aid to the same, shall be
free and discharged from all such claim tolabororservice;
and thereupon said person slijjll be forever free and dis-
charged from said labor and service, any law or cu&tom of
said State to the contraiy notwithsfauding.
Sec. ?. Jind be it further enacted, That whenever any
person claiming to be entitled to the service ot any other
person as a slave shall seek to enforce such claim, he shall, -
in the first instance, and as preliminary to the trial of such
claim, show satisfactorily that he and the person to whom
said service was claimed to he due during the period of
insurrection or lebelhon was loyal to the United States-
Mr. PORTER demanded the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. I raise the point of
order that the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana is not in order, under the 48th rule, which
is as follows:
"No motion or proposition on a subject dtfferentfroni that
under consideration shall be admitted under color of amend-
ment. iVo bill or resolution shall, at any time,be amended
by uwiiexing thereto, or incorporating therewith, any other
bill or ie=olution pending before the House."
The bill which the gentleman has moved as an
amendment is already pending before the House,
and its consideration has only been postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The rule referred to does not
apply to this case.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The proposition
I have moved as an amendment i« the same, sub-
stantially, as that which was proposed in the Sen-
ate by Judge Collamer. It is upon the desks of
members, and I presume that they all understand it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NOBLE. Is it in order to move to refer
to the Committee on the Judiciary without in-
structions15 Is it in order to divide this question ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Under the rules
the question is indivisible.
Mr. COX. There are many who would vote
for the reference who would vote against the in-
structions.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 33, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baxter, Francis i\ i)!air, William G.
Brown, Calveit, Casey, Clement.-, Itoscoe Conkling, Crit-
tenden, Dmdap,Dunn, Fisher.Goodwin, Gianger, Grider,
Guilev, Harding, Hams-on, McKnight, McPheison, Mal-
iorv, 'iVIenzics, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. MoriiJI,
Nixon, Olin, Edwaid II. Rolling, James S. Rollins, Shef-
licld, Shellabarger, Stratton, E. P. Walton, and Worcester
—33.
N AYS—Mcs^is. Aldrieli, Allen, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Joseph Baily, Baker, Beaman, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B.
Blair. Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George II. Biowne, Buffin-
ton. Chainberlin, Colfax, Fiedcrick A. Conkling, Covode,
Cox. Cutlei, Davis, Duell, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Franchot,
Ftank. Gooch, Hickman. Julian, Jvelley, Francis W. Kel-
loiig, Kctugan, Knapp. Lansing, Law, Loomis, Lovejoy,
May, Mmiis, 'Noble, Noell, Odeil, Putton, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Potter, John If. Rice, Riddle, Sargent,
Shanks, Smith, John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Trimble. Trow hi ldge, Vallandigham, \ <ut
Iloin, Van Valkenbuisrh, Voorheos, Wall, Waid, Albeit S
White, Chilton A. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff,
and Wright—69.
So the proposition of Mr. Walton, of Vermont,
was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. LEHMAN stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Stevens.
The vote was then announced.
M r. M ALLORY moved that the House adjourn.
I Mr. BROWNE,of Rhodelsland, demanded the
| yros and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
! The question was taken; and it was decided in
j the negative—yeas 41, nays 65; as follows:
I VE \S—Mo-rs. Allen. Jo>eph Baiiv, Biddle, Jacob B.
1 Blair, Geoige II. Biowne, William G. Brown, Calvert,
Casey. Clements, Cox, Cre-field, Diven, Dunlnp. Dunn,
Ficdici. Granger, Grider, Hall, JI;ndin<r. Ilanison, Knapp,
Law , Malloiv, May. Menzies Nivon, Noell, Norton, Nu-
gen, Odeil, Piiee, tfhetheld, Smith, John 15. Steele, Strat-
ton, Francis Thomas, Vibbard, Ward, Chilton A. White,
Wooflrull. and Wright— -U.
NAYS—Mcs rs. Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Fianeis p. Uiau, Samuel S. Blan,
: Blake, ]iutiinto ,Cbumbetlm. Colfnv, Frederick A. Conk-
' hu'i, Roscoe Conkhnc, Covode, Cutler. Davis Duell. Ed-
: wauls Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fiancliot, Frank, Gooch. Good-
. win, Guilcy, Hickman, Hooper, Julian, Kellev, Fiancts
- W. lve)lo<'2, Lan-uiL', Looun^. Loveio\,Mcl'her^on. Mitch-
i ell, Mooihead, M"ius Noble, Ohn, Patton, Timothy G.
Pheip-5, Pike, Poitei ,1'ottei, John li. Uiee. Kiddie. Edward
II. Rolling Saigcnt,' Shanks, Sheliabaiger, Bcujautin F.
Tiioina>, Trimble, Trowbudge, Vallandigham, Van Horn,
