1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
37th Cong....2d Sess.
The New Conspiracy—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Reps.
pathizers in their hellish treason. I know that in
the northern States there are at this time men call-
ing themselves Democrats, who are, in reality,
as deep-dyed traitors as Jefferson Davis or ex-
Secretary Floyd. Yet they are the very men who
talk unceasingly of adherence to the Federal Con-
stitution. They are the men who would seem to
be unstinted in their admiration of the Constitu-
tion, which we know they have trampled under
their feet whenever the leading scccssion traitors
demanded it with as much indifference as the ele-
phant treads down the grass. This address of
the panic Democracy, stripped of its verbiage and
brought out in its true light, would read nearly as
follows:
" The great Democratic party has been broken in pieces.
What John Randolph predicted has come to pass. The
masters, our natural allies, are running fiom their niggers,
and the niggers are running from their masters. The fearful
auguues of Jefferson are being fulfilled. The judgments of
on offended God arc already upon us. There is no other
way to reunite our Ibices and get into power again but by
a louder and more vigorous cry against the rascally aboli-
tionists. The old talking horse, abolition, on which so
many Democratic victories have been won in days gone by,
must be again brought into the field with renewed energy,
and if all Democrats will but cry loud enough, they may
cxpcct one more Democratic victory, and perhaps another
'twenty years of power and rule,'with like glorious re-
sults. Though our old friends, the apostles of secession
and rebellion, Messrs. Yancey, Host, and Mann, most
stoutly declared to Earl Russell that 'it was from no fear of
losing their niggers that they got up the rebellion,' we all
now see the deplorable state ot things btought about by the
pernicious doctrinc of the infatuated abolitionists, that the
Declaration of Independence is true to the letter, that all
men are entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness. The very {corner-stone' of the Democratic party 1ms
been knocked out,and if we cannotreunite the masters and
their niggers, to say nothing of that numerous company of
all shades and complexions as the result of the hajmy con-
nection of master and slave, the Democratic party cim never
recover its former status, and slavery will be no more for-
ever. Freedom for 'all men,' that gieatheresy of the fath-
ers of the Republic, will be the established law and prac-
tice of the nation, when no labor can be had without pay,
no man can sell his own children, or separate at will hus-
band and wife, parent and child, biothcr and sistei. Our
e southern brethren' will be no better oft* than the £ mudsills,'
i greasy mechanics,' and 1 hard-fisted farmers' o'f ficcdom.
The ' white trash'of the South will haveachancetogetup
a little in the world, and learn to read and write, and, per-
haps, cipher, and get a great many other Yankee notions
into their brains as the result of abolition. What Jeffer-
son, Washington, and a host of revolutionary worthies said
about slavery, can be said anywhere with perfect safety—
no lynching, no tar or featheis. We shall have no more of
the barbaious treatment of the dead and dying, no more
brutal exhibitions of chivalry in the I] alls of Congress upon
unaimed Senators for freedom of speech. In view of such
a &ad state of things as will exist under the abolition of sla-
very, the Democratic party are called upon by all their past
associations with the ahiveocracy, to- rally around the old
standard of slaveholding alliance. The great rebellion of
our 'southern brethren' must be treated with extreme
kindness, without reproaches or complaints.
" In case that the powers that be, or expect to be, should
demonstrate the fact that one slaveholder is not a match
for five Yankees who work for a living, then we must take
measures to restore our old friends, the ringleaders in the
rebellion, to their former standing in the Democratic ranks,
giving them all they ask, and thus with the time-honored
ciy of abolition, clutch again the reins of Government, share
its honors and its spoils, yielding in a magnanimous spirit
to the lords of creation.
" For more than twenty years, maik the period, the Dem-
ocratic party, with short interval;?, controlled the -povcr and
policy of the Government, and had everything their own
way, and ' behold the fruits' at the end of their rule ; Bu-
chanan, Breckinridge, Floyd, Cobb, Toucey, Davis, Ben-
jamin, Toombs, Wigfall. and a host of other distinguished
worthies, graduates from the great Democratic school, hav
ing shared the honors and emoluments of the pure and ele-
vated rule of the party—having had access to the nation's
Treasury, taking its mints., custom-houses, arsenal*, forts,
&c., as trophies of this long and happy period of instruc-
tion in the science of government; and following in its
wake the uprising of a chivalrous people, skilled in all the
arts of civilized warfare, as exhibited by their extraordi-
nary valor, and the humane treatment ot their captives;
bidding defiance to the 'corrupt,venal wircwoikers of Al-
bany, the sour-krout Germans, the vile, sensual, animal,
brutal, infidel, superstitious demociacy of the North and
Northwest, the stupid democracy of Canada, and arrogant,
tyrannical New England,' and the rest of mankind, as more
fullv set foitli in De Bow's lie view, the very elite of slave-
holding literature,which says that all government is a usurp-
ation, that the few of the chivalry must govern the masses.
"Now, in view of these transcendent results of' twenty
years rule,' and the ' broken and di&honoredfiagmentsof a
once glorious' Democratic party, and the terrible conse-
quences which will ensue it we cannot put things back
just as they were, and reestablish upon an enduring basis
the time-honored relation of master and slave, as the true
platform of Democratic ' powei and rule,' the party can
never rise to its former grandeur, and the nation will be
lost fotever if the Demociaric pauy don't save it. We see
but one way by which our hopes can be revived. There is
but one fulcrum which will wake the sluinbeiing energies
of the party, as we said m the outset, and that is the old
cry of abolition—no matter what Yancey, Host and Mann,
honest, high-minded souls, said to JBarl Russell, that was for
the English and French abolitionists, and a master stroke
of Democratic policy. Our policy here is to save the Dem-
ocratic party, and if it cannot be saved by the masters and
their niggers—allowing every white man to have as many
niggers as he wants—then there is no salvation for us. Let
all Democrats then come to the rescue. Let the watch-
woul be, death to abolition! Long live slavery and the
Democratic party ! All yoke in side, by side with marked
and branded slaves, and the year of jubilee will come."
But, Mr. Chairman, I cannot dwell longer on
this point. I have other matters to attend to, and
unless I hurry on, I fear that my hour will have
expired before I can finish them. Now, I have
said that my colleague from the Dayton district of
Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] was the father, the
concoctor, and the writer of this address. It. is
proper, therefore, that we. should look into his
record, for it is an invariable rule that the offspring
will ever partake of the nature of the parent. It
is my purpose to trace the record of my colleague,
and to show what has been his action in the past.
I want to show what were his sympathies and
his feelings in the very recent past, so tnat we may
better judge of the real character of the movement
which he has inaugurated. So long ago as 1860
my colleague, in an address which he delivered
before the Cooper Institute, of New York, made
use of the following very remarkable language:
" If any one or more of the States otohis Union should at
any time secede for reasons, of the sufficiency and justice
of which, before God, and the great tribunal of history, they
alone may judge, much as I should deplore it, Inci-cr would,
as a Representative in the Congress of the United Stales, vole
one dollar of monetj whereby one drop of American blood
should be shed in a civil war."
In 1860,then, he openlyavowed that he would
vote no money to stay the rising of this rebellion,
or to prevent the consummation of the infamous
doctrine of secession. He would vote no money
to disperse and destroy the men who appeared
defiantly in arms against the honor and the dig-
nity of this nation, and who threatened the integ-
rity of the Constitution and the destruction of the
Government. I will say for my colleague that
this bold declaration, which he made in I860, he
has lived up to with scrupulous fidelity, for, so far
as I know, he has never yet voted one dollar to
sustain either the Army or Navy of the country
in the prosecution of this war.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask my colleague to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. EDGERTON. Certainly.
Mr. PENDLETON. I want to call my col-
league's attention to the fact that the gcntlemtfn
whose record he is attacking is not in his seat at
this time.
Mr. BLAKE. But the gentleman was in his
seat when my colleague began his speech, and
could not have helped knowing that it would have
special reference to his record.
Mr. EDGERTON. I saw my colleague from
the Dayton district in his seat when I rose, and I
made particular allusion to him and his connec-
tion with the Democratic address long before he
left the Hall. It is my purpose, in following his
record, to point to that which is patent to every
member of this House. I shall certainly do him
no injustice.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman will un-
derstand that I do not ask him to desist from the
speech which he is making, and that my only
purpose is to call his attention to the fact which
I have already stated. I call my colleague's at-
tention, and the attention of the House, to the fact
that the gentleman whose record is being attacked
is now absent from the Hall.
Mr. EDGERTON. It is not my fault if my
colleague from the Dayton districtis not present.
Allusion was made to him before he left, and he
could not have been unaware of the fact that I
intended to trace his record upon these questions.
That may appear cruel, and I do not wonder
that my colleague left; who could endure such a
record ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have said that my col-
league was the leader. I wish to show in that
connection that all the speeches which have been
made by men of the same sympathies and opin-
ions are only a rehash of the speech of my col-
league at the extra session. While thev have no
complaints to make of the rebels, they 'denounce
what they call the extravagance of the Admin-
istration, and they attempt to paralyze the ener-
gies of the Government by charging before the
people that we are running hopelessly into debt.
On the 7th of January, 1861, after Major An-
derson had made his masterly movement from
Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, Mr. Adrain, of
New Jersey, introduced the followingresolution:
tl Resolved, That we fully approve of the bold and pa-
triotic act of Major Anderson in withdrawing from Fort
Moultrie to Fort Sumter, and of the*determination of the
President to maintain that fearless officer in his present
position, and that we will support the President in all con-
stitutional measures to enforce the laws and preserve the
Union."
Voting for that resolution there were 124 mem-
bers, and against it 53, among whom was my
colleague, the author and signer of the Demo-
cratic address.
On the 19th of January, 1861, Mr. Howard, of
Michigan, introduced the following resolution:
<l Resolved, That the message be referred to a special
committee of five members of this [louse, and that they
be instructed to report on the same as curly as possible ;
and that said committee make immediate inquiry, and io-
port: 1. Wbetheranycxeeutiveofficerofthe United States
has been oi is now treating ot holding communication with
any person or persons concerning the surrender of any forts,
fortresses, or public property of the United States, and
whether any demand for such surrender has been made,
when, and by whom, and what answer has been given. 2.
Whether any ofticor of this Government has at any time
entered into any pledge, agreement, or understanding with
any person or pcisons not to send reinfoicements to the
foil* of the United States in the haiboi of Chaileston, and
the particulars ot such agreement, pledge, or understand-
ing; when, where, and with whom it was made, and on
what consideration. U. What demand for reinforcements
of the said forts has been made, and for what reason such
reinforcements have not been furnished. 4. Where the
slups of the United States arc now stationed, with wliot
commands, and with what orders. 5. Whether the custom-
house, post ofiiee, arsenal, and other public buildings of the
United States at Charleston have been seized and are held
ir  possession by any person or poisons, and the paitieulars
of such seizure and possession. 6. Whether any revenue
cutter of the United States has been seized and Is now
held in possession by any person or persons, and the par-
ticulars theieof; and whether any dibits have been made
by the head of the Tieasury Department to leeaptuie or re-
cover possession of said vessel. Th.it the committee have
power to send for peisons and paper-, to take testimony, and
report from time to lime, as iaets material to the national
salety and national honor may be disclosed by the evi-
dence."
That very reasonable proposition received a vote
of 133 to 62, and among those who voted in the
negative was my colleague fiom the Dayton dis-
trict.
January 14, 1861, Mr. Stanton, of Ohio, intro-
duced the following resolution. It was during
the terrible days when this city was in imminent
peril of being seized by assassins and traitors. It
was when the Government was in hourly danger
of being subjugated, and when this city was
thronged with the hordes of secession, that this
House was called upon to vote for the following
resolution:
"Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further consideration
of lloufC bill No. 860, to provide for organizing and disci-
plining the militia of the District of Columbia, and that the
same may be made a special oider for to-moriow, the 15th
instant, and from day to day until finally dispo-ed of."
Voting against that resolution I find the name
of my colleague from the Dayton distiict. 1 will
say, also, that he voted against the loan bill dur-
ing the same session.
I come now to the extra session of Congress.
On the bill reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means for the collection of duties on imports,
the vote was, yeas 156, nays 10; and among the
latter I find the name of my colleague. It is an
important fact, too, that of the ten who voted
against it two are now in armed rebellion against
the Government,
A Member. What are their names?
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Burnett, of Kentucky,
and Mr. Reid, of Missouri. On the bill for a na-
tional ioan and for other purposes, the vote was
153 for, to 5 against it. i find the name of my
colleague of the Dayton district recorded in the
negative; religiously true to his pledge, he would
vote no money, though the enemy was insight
of our capital. Of those live, two arc now in the
rebel army. I will say that on every measure
which has been brought forward in this House to
sustain the Government in its present struggle,
and to give it power to crush this rebellion, my
colleague has persistently, uniformly, and con-
sistently—if it is proper to use the word in that
connection—voted against them. I say, so far as
my knowledge goes, he has voted against theGov-
ernment at all times.
