1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2781
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand it is a prop-
osition to add to that amendment which has been
adopted, and provide for the examination of can-
didates.
Mr. ANTHONY. Only the ten appointed by
the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been adopted
as an amendment to the bill by a separate and dis-
tinct vote in the committee, and has been con-
curred in in theSenate. Now, howcan you amend
that without a reconsideration?
Mr. COLLAMER. He does not amend it; he
adds a clause to come in afterwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It comes in afterwards,
and is applicable to that very thing.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not propose to amend
that amendment; but to amend the bill.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator offers it as a separate
and independentamendment, and that is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot be, for it
means nothing. It applies to that particular
amendment which has been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island to be adding to the bill,and aprop-
osiiion to add to the bill is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With all respect, that can-
not be. It is not added to the bill. There wasa
distinct proposition offered by the Senator from
Iowa which was adopted as an amendment to the
bill. Now the Senator from Rhode Island moves
to add words to that, after it has been adopted by
the Senate. That cannot be done. He says he
does not offer it as an amendment to the amend-
ment; but it is an amendment to the amendment,
no matter what he calls it. It is adding words to
those which the Senate has already adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, no amendment is in
order, for certainly there can be no additional
words put in without coming in somewhere, and
if they cannot go ill anywhere where they will
follow an amendment that has been adopted, we
cannot amend the bill at all. However, the Sen-
ator from Vermont says it is in order,and I take
it we will accept his authority on that point.
Mr. FOOT. I am opposed to the amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island; butasan inde-
pendent proposition, as an additional section,there
is no doubt but that it is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it were offered as an
additional section, I should not object to it; but it
stands in this way: he proposes to put in these
words not as an additional section, but as part of
the original amendment, following on right after
that. Let the Secretary read what was adopted,
and then read what the Senator proposes, and the
Senate will see it at once.
The Secretary. The following was adopted
as a new section:
Jini be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and lie is hereby, authorized to annually ap-
point ten acting midshipmen for education at the Naval
Academy, who shall be selected from the sons of officers
or soldiers who distinguish themselves in the service of the
United States, and from the sons of officers or men in the
naval or marine service of the United States who have thus
distinguished themselves.
The amendment is to add:
And who shall be selected from the applicants in the order
of merit, to be decided under such regulations as the Pres-
ident may establish.
Mr. SUMNER. It may be reached by a mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not require a mo-
tion to reconsider: it is in order as it is, the Chair
decides.
Mr. FOOT. If the Senator from Rhode Island
offers it as a separate and independent section, it
is in order. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. He does notoffer it as an
independent section.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say to the. Sen-
ator from Rhode Island that the object he seeks to
reach is a very legitimate one if it could be fairly
reached; but I should like to inquire how he would
expect the applicants from the coast of the Pacific
to be examined here by the President under any
regulations of his, so to have a comparison be-
tween those persons and persons applying from
here ? Observe, we have a large number of naval
officers always and a large number of Army offi-
cers whose home is in our Pacific States. The
thin" cannot be done; it is impracticable.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot tell how the Pres-
ident will do it, but I think the experiment is worth
trying. If he should decide to appoint two or three
from the Pacific coast, he could have an examina-
tion there. I think a young man who presents him-
self as a candidate for appointment under this pro-
vision will go to the expense of a little travel.
Even if we give everybody a fair chance, there is
somethingelse to be considered; there issomething
due to the service. I would rather have the very
best young men we can get, if it was not exactly
fair;ifsomebody is put out who is quite as good if
not better than somebody who gets in. If on the
whole we can get better young men by that sys-
tem than any other, I am in favor of it even if it
is not equal. We cannot expect to make it equal
to everybody. We certainly cannot make it more
unfair than it is now, when the appointments are
made from family and political influence, and
when boys who have been discarded and dismissed
are sent back three or four times.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island is not in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I shall endeavor to
perfect it so as to make it in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can reach his object by reconsidering the vote.
Mr. HAJjE. I cannot agree to that decision.
I do not pretend to be conversant with the rules;
but I wish somebody would point me out the rule
forbidding an amendment to the clause of the bill
which has been amended, even although that
amendment is an addition to what has already
been adopted.
Mr. FOOT. A motion to insertadditional words
that do not qualify what has already been adopted
would be in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate have passed
uipon that.
Mr. HALE. Suppose they have passed upon
it: they can make additional qualifications.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Rhode Island
can offer his amendment as an additional scction.
It will have the same effect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I propose this amendment
to come in as an additional section, next after the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, if that be
in order:
And the appointments provided for in the foregoing sec -
tton shall be selected from the applicants in the Older of
mciit, to he decided under such icgulations as the President
shall establish.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The following
amendment, as a new section, is proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island:
rfnd le it further enacted, That the appointments provided
for in the foregoing section shall be selected from the ap-
plicants in the order of merit, to bo decided under such reg-
ulations as the President shall establish.
Mr. COLLAMER I have nothing to say about
the order of the thing; perhaps it is in order; I am
not learned in that question, nor do I care about
it. But it seems to me the proposition is in its
nature impracticable, and I dislike the wording of
it. It says the selection shall be made among the
applicants; and any meritorious, modest young
man that does not apply never can be examined
at all.
Mr. HALE. You do not find any such.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know that those who are
in office never find such men, but they exist, nev-
ertheless, and it would be well if they were found.
I dislike this business of undertaking to examine
only men w*ho come to apply, who thrust them-
selves in on the board, and pay their own ex-
penses, &c. If really the matter of merit is to be
settled by the President as lie may direct, let him
settle it without the direction here contained.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am willing to accept any
modification the Senator may suggest in that view
I think the objection is well taken.
Mr. COLLAMER. Of course, among the ap-
plicants he will select those whom he thinks best.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will accept any modifica-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. That modifies it all away
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I am not particular about the
mode, but 1 think some qualification, such as is
suggested by the Senatoi from Rhode Island, is
absolutely necessary. I think I may say and I
think the observation of those who have paid any
attention to it will bear me out—that the powet of
making appointments of this kind, which has been
vested in the President—1 do not speak of it m
reference to the present President, but in time
past—has been the worst exercised of any discre-
tion that ever was reposed in anybody; and the
results at the Military Academy will, show it.
They have not been selected according to merit,
nor anything else, except the influenfce that could
be brought to bear upon the President. It was so
with the appointments to the marine corps, and
the ten cadets that he is allowed to select from can-
didates at large to West Point. The power has
been miserably exercised; it has been exercised
without discretion; it has generally been done by
half a dozen women, who have got about him and
teased the appointments out of liiia, or out of his
wife, or some of the ladies of the White House;
and it has been the most miserable abortion, so far
as the selection of proper candidates has been con-
cerned, that could possibly be. If you are going
to give power to the President to select candidates
for the Naval Academy, I hope some such sug-
gestion as that which has been made by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island will be adopted; and if the
system that is adopted at first does not carry it
out, let some other system be adopted. But my
friend from Vermont, in the idea that there is ever
to be appointed under this Government to the Na-
val Academy, or the Military Academy, or any
other place under heaven, modest merit that has
not sought the place, is as much mistaken as Gen-
eral Taylor was when he thought he was going to
bring this Government back to its original purity.
The thing is absurd, impracticable; it cannot be
done. The time for modest men has gone by long
ago. [Laughter.] A selection will be made from
candidates, and as it will be made from candidates,
I hope that some such restriction as this will be
adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Do I under-
stand the Senator from New Hampshire to say
that the appointments made by the President of
the United States for the Military Academy are
not on the average as good as the appointments
made by the Representatives in Congress? I be-
lieve they arc; and I think the President of the
United Statesat the present time,although pressed
by ladies to make appointments, and pressed by
others who are pressed by ladies to urge him to
make appointments, as some Senators happen to
know, [laughter,] is making his selections with a
great deal of care, and they are mostly made from
the sons of officers and soldiers who have served
the country in the field or who have fallen in the
service. I think that unless we adopt a general
rule requiring an examination of all the persons
appointed to the Naval and Military Academy,
until we devise a general plan, we had better not
impose this restriction upon the President of the
United States in this respect. It is suggested—it
has been suggested many times—that some plan
should be devised by which a proper examination
could be made of candidates; but no plan has ever
yet been devised to correct what is admitted to be
an evil, and I venture to say that if any plan is
adopted you will see evils creep into that; partial-
ity will occur, and decisions will be made which
will do injustice to some. I think the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island, al-
though it has a good purpose, is impracticable,
and I shall vote against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
friend from Massachusetts if he can inform me
how many of the ten cadets appointed at West
Point by the President are taken from the State
of Illinois. ,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
say. I went on a certain occasion with two Sen-
ators now present, under the pressuie I will not
say of ladies, but of the friends of a young man
who asked the President to make an appointment.
He was the son of an officer of the Army, who
had served for many years on the Pacific coast
and in the interior of the country, and who had
been in the field a great many years. The Pres-
ident stated as an objection to making the appoint-
ment, although he had given almost a pledge
months before that the appointment should be
made, that he intended to make these selections
from fatherless children, that he intended to make
these selections from the sons of men who had
fallen or should fall in this contest; but feeling that
he was under a partial pledge to make this ap-
pointment lie agreed to do it. I do not know uf
any other appointment that he has made. It is
the only one upon which I have approached him,
with one exception. I understood thatan appoint-
