::1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Van Valkenburgh, Wall, E. P. Walton, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Wimlom, and Worcester—65.
,So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Porter's mo-
tion; and being taken, it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 25, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Francis P. Blair, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Casey, Clements, Bunlap,Dunn, Fisher, Granger,
Gnder,Gurley, Hainan, McKmght, McPherson, Mallory,
Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon, Patton, Porter,Shef-
field. and Stratton—25.
AYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Joseph Baily, Baker, Beaman, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B.
Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Gcoige H. Browne, Buffin-
to , Chamberlin, Colfax, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Duell,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Franchot, Frank, Gooch,
Hickman, Hooper, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kerrigan, Lansing, Law, Loomis.Lovejoy, Ju«tin S. Mor-
rill, Morris, Noble, Noell, Nugen,'Odell, Olm, Pike,Potter,
Price, John U. Rice, Kiddle, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent,
Shanks, Shellabar«er. Smith, John B. Steele, Benjamin F.
Thoma<. Francis Thomas, Tiowbridgo.Vallandighain, Van
Horn, Van Valkeubuigh, Vibbard, Vooihee*-. Wall, E. P.
"Walton, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, Wilson, Wm-
dom, Woodruff, and Wiight—73.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is not the previous ques-.
tion operating on the final passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is.
BOUNTY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. J ask unani-
mous consent of the House to report hack, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, House bill
No. 413, makihg an appropriation for the pay-
ment of bounty to the widows and legal heirs of
volunteers who have died or may die, or have been
or may be killed, in the service, as provided by
the act of July 22,1861, which was introduced by
the gcntlemun from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ed-
wards,] with a substitute.
There was no objection; and the bill and substi-
tute were received, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 58, nays 48', as follows:
YFiAtf—Messrs. Allen, Joseph Bally, Baxter, Biddlo,
Francis P. Blair. Jacob It. Blair, Oeoig'1 II Biownc, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Calveit, Ca.M'y, Clement*, Cox, CiiJ-field,
Ciittemlen, Diven, Uunlap, Dunn, Fishei. Goodwin,hun-
ger, Gudet, Hall, il.mling, ll.un^on, Keuii.tii, Knapp,
Lnzuai, MeKnight, Mallory, May, Meii/ue-, Mitch-
ell, Moms, Nixon, Noble, Noell, \oiton, Nuaen, Odell,
Olm,Timothy G. Phelps, Portei, Price, Sheffield, Shcllabat-
ger, Smith, John B Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomti>, Vallandigham, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Waul,
Chilton A. White, Woodruff, and Wright—58.
NAYS—Messrs Aldiich. Arnold, A hle\, Bakei, Bea-
man, Bingham, Samuel S- Blan, Blake, Bullinion, Cham-
beilm, Collax, Ro^coe Conkhns, Covode. Culler, Davis,
Edwaids, Eliot. Ely, Fenton, Fianohot, Fiank, Gooch,
Hickman, Hooper, Julian, Kclle.y, Fumcin W. KcIIojik,
Lansing, Looiuis, Lovejoy, Mel'lier.^on. Moorhead, Patton,
Pike, Potter, John II. Kiee, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Sargent, Shank-, Tumble, Tiowbrldge, Van Hoin, Wall,
IS. P.,Walton, Albert S VVhit'\ Wils-ou, and VVindoin—48.
So the motion was agreed to.
And theieupon (atfivcminutespastfiveo'clock,
p. tn.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 23, 1862.
Prayer hy the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was load and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pine county, Minnesota, praying for the
establishment of a weekly mail route dumig the
opening of lake navigation by steamboat from
Detroit, Michigan, to Superior, Wisconsin; winch
was refeircd to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Pine
county, Minnesota, praying that mail loute No.
13o81. from St. Paul to Bayfield, and loute No.
135«G, trom. Sunrise City to Superior, be abolished,
and that one consolidated route be established
irotn St. Paul to Bayfield, via Superior; winch was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Air. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens oi K.-ulnor, Peona county, Illinois, praying
for the construction of a ship cu «d between Lake
Michigan and the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also been requested
to present the memorial of William C. Jewett, of
Colorado, praying for a defensive stand-still policy
at Yorktown and western points, and to secure an
additional reserve army of two hundred and fifty
thousand men for final success. It is hardly ne-
cessary that I should say that such a petition does
not meet my views at all. I regard it as very
unwise; but upon the principle which I have
adopted to present all petitions respectfully ad-
dressed, I present this, and move thatitlieon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
•Jhe PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, m answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 18th instant, information in relation
to the amount paid to different parties on account
of legal and other services for investigating land
titles in the State of California, during the years
1857, 1858, 1859, I860, and 1861; which was or-
dered to lie on the table,and bo printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S.No. 248) for the re-
lief of the owners, officers, and crew of the Danish
bark Jorgen Lorentzen.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A joint resolution (S. No. 26) explanatory of
and in addition to the act of June 3, 1856, grant-
ing public lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in the construction of raihoads in said State.
An act (S. No. 10G) to authorize the district
court of the United States for the northern district
of California to hear and determine upon its merits
the claim of Pedro Chaboya to a certain tract of
land in California, called La Posa de San Juan
Bautista.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LA N"R, of Indiana, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Milma, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of
Robert M. Evans, reported it withoutamendmeru.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of >Spnngfield, Vermont, praying that action
may be taken to accept the punposition ofMessis.
Ellis, Biitton, and Eaton, to furnish employment
to liberated negroes, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memotial of F. C. Treadwell, of
Brooklyn, New York, representing that certain
judicial officers had failed in their duty in securing
the apprehension and conviction of persons ac-
cused of treason and praying for the application of
the proper remedy, asked to be discharged from
its further consultation; which was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 281)
prescribing an additional oath to be taken by grand
and petit jurors servingin the United States courts;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY. TheCommittee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution for printing
three thousand copies of the Army Register, have
directed me to report the same back with an amend-
ment and lecommend its adoption, and I am in-
structed to ask for us present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolved. That thoie be printed for the use of the Senate
three thousand copies of the Ai my Register tor the year 1862
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment of the com-
mittee is to add as a proviso:
PxovideiL That the Mime benot printed until it shall have
been perfected. oi a-? neat Jv so as practicable.
The amendment was agreed t >; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
PAY OF FIRST MINNESOTA MEMBERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 33) in relation to the pay of the first
Senators and Representatives in Congress from
the State of Minnesota, have directed me to report
it back to the Senate with an amendment; and as
it is a small matter, if there be no objection, I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which declares that the Senators
and Representatives elected to Congress from the
State of Minnesota, under the enabling act of Feb-
ruary 26, 1857, are entitled to compensation as
such from the commencement of the Congress at
which the State was admitted to the Union.
The amendment was to stiike out all after the
word " the," in the seventh line, and insert:
Ses&ion at which the State was admitted into the Union,
and the money icquired for that purpose be, and the same
is heicbv, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to know
how the resolution would read as amended.
The Secretaiy read it, as follows:
Resolved, $'c., That the Senators and Representatives
elected to Congress from the State of Minnesota under the
enabling act ot 26th Febiuary, 1837, be and they are hereby,
entitled to compensation as such, from the session at which
the State was admitted into the Union, and the money re-
quired for that purpose be and the same is hereby appro-
| pnated out ot any money in the Tieasuiy not otherwise
appiopuated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a thir^ reading* was read the third
time, and passed.
ALLEGED DRUNKENNESS OF A GENERAL.
Mr. HALE. 1 have a resolution that I wish to
present, and I ask for its present consideration:
Resolver/, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia be instructed to inquire it' any general of the Army
of the United States befoic Yorktown has exhibited him-
self drunk in the tace of the-enemy on duty, and if so, if
any measures have been tak&ji for the trial and punishment
of such officer.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I would simply inquire of the
Senator from New Hampshire whether his reso-
lution should not be addressed to the committee
on the conduct of the war, if that committee has
entered upon inquiries of that nature. I do not
know that it has had any so disgusting and so
painful as that.
Mr. HALE. I have no choice as to what com-
mittee it goes to, but if the Senate will indulge me,
I desire to read a statement that was made yester-
day in tho House of Representatives. Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, offered a resolution in these
words:
"Resolved^ That the President be requested to strike the
name of any officer fiom the rolls who has been known to
be at any time while in service intoxicated by the use of
spirituous liquois."
And he made this statement:
" 1 am willing that the resolution shall be modified as sug-
gested. Mi. Speaker, it will be noticed that in the recent
engagement of our lorces at Yorktown on the 16th of the
month, a very few companies of Vcunont troops weie or-
deiedto a position of e.uieme penl, and peifoimed, per-
haps, one ot the most gallant exploits that has been witnessed
dining this wai About two companies weie ordered to
take r coitain bntteiy, and thej went across a stream and
did take the pOMtion, duvmgout the enemy, and held it for
fifty mmutes in the taee of a toe numbeting something like
three thousand men—three regiments under General Cobb
—and duung all that time weie not buppoited orreinforced
by the general who was upon the ground. At'last they re-
tiied, and the rebel papers ieport that all but eight were
slaughtered. That is not true, but the slaughter was not
onlj gieat, but useless.
" Now, I am mfoimed by a most respectable gentleman,
a civilian, who was present at the time, and saw the gen-
eral, that he was grossly drunk, and it was lepoited had
fallen from his horse twice on that day; that one side of his
pei^on was covered with mud, and that his face was also
covered with inud and had «ome blood on it. Under these
circumstances, while I do not know that he was responsi-
ble for thi< blunder, yet if theie are any men in the Aimy
who get into the condition that I am assured he was in,
they deseive to be stricken from the rolls. No such man
ought to be allowed to eontiol the destinies of brave men."
Mr. President, it seems to me that things have
got to a pass where Congiess ought to vindicate
itself as a pait of the governing power of this na-
tion. Are these blunders, or whatever they may
be called, to be repeated from time to time, and
