2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
m«it was made of a son of Colone! Lee who was
taken at Ball's Bluff, and who was a prisoner at
Richmond at the time. I do not know that to be
the ease, but I have that impression.
Mri GRIMES. I do not want this amendment
to be prejudiced by anything that has been done
or that may be xlone in regard to the Military
Academy, and therefore I desire to say that the
authority with reference to the appointment of
cadets to the Military Academy is general; the
President of the United States can appoint any-
body he.pleases; but this amendment confines
these ten appointments at large to the Naval Acad-
emy to the sons of officers and soldiers in the
Army and in the Navy who have distinguished
themselves in the service of the United States.
That is the only qualification. The President is
confined to them; and I apprehend that he would
desire-to be confined to them, and it will be a great
relief to him, I have no doubt.
Now, sir, a word in regard to the proposition
of the Senator from Rhode Island. There have
been two or three cases where persons have been
selected as cadets to the academies, military and
naval, under very similar circumstances to those
which he proposes to adbpt as the rule. The ear-
liest case that I know of in the Naval Academy is
in the second class, what would correspond to the
junior class in the college. Having this matter
under discussion in committee in regard to another
bill applying to all the districts, in order to inform
myself as far as possible, I went the other day to
get the returns from the Naval Academy, and see
what was the position of the young gentlemen who
had been selected by boards ofcxaminers appointed
to select the best scholar from the common schools
of the city or district; and I found that in that class
the young man'who stood at the head was a coun-
try boy picked up in Illinois; the next one was
from New York; and the seventh in the list was
' a young man who had been taken as being at the
head in the common schools ofthecity from which
he came.
If you submit these young men to an examina-
tion, the commissioners may decide upon them
according to their present qualifications, and some
"rough diamond" of a boy from the country,
whose chances for the acquirement of an educa-
tion have been very small, may be neglected, and
cast aside because he has not reached the proper
standard that the commissioners may have ele-
vated for themselves, and they may take an inef-
ficient boy and send him there. It should be ob-
served, too, that when young men go there, they
are examined physically, as well as mentally; they
are examined by aboardofsurgeonsas well as by
aboard of examiners as to their intellectual capa-
cities; and we may have under the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island, a lot of young fel-
lows put into the academy who may be intellect-
ually perfectly competent, but not physically.
Then the objection which the Senator from Cali-
fornia urges,it seems to me, is a very strong one.
I want to accomplish the very purpose the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island does; but 1 do not see how
we can do it and do justice to the young men in
remote parts of the country. You may have a sol-
dier at a fort up on the Aroostook river—a man
who may have enlisted for several successive
terms, and who, alter his long and continuous ser-
vice may deserve well of the country; he may have
a very likely boy, and the Piesident may be anx-
ious to appoint him; but how is he to get him here?
Who is to pay his traveling-expenses? His father
is drawing thirteen dollars a mouth only, and sup-
porting his family up in the back woods of the
Aroostook; he cannot afford to send him; and the
Government makes no provision for bringing him.
It will not work.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will modify the amend-
ment by leaving out the words " from the appli-
cants," as suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont. I do not see any necessity for them.
,JMr. DOOLITTLE. I desne to say that all this
species oflegislution upon appiopridtion bills is al-
ways attended with difficulty and discussion, and
as a general thing I am opposed to it, and there-
fore 1 shall vote against this amendment, as I have
voted against one or two other propositions which,
standing by themselves, I should be disposed to
favor.
Mr. President, I desire to say a single word in
relation to the appointments, so far as they have
been made by the present Executive, and so far
as they have come to my knowledge. I believe the
appointments to the Military Academy have been
wisely made, and I am not aware that they are
subject to any of the criticisms which we have
heard. As to what may have transpired under
other Administrations, with other Executives, I
cannot say. In relation to the appointment of one
young gentleman to the Military Academy, l4hink
it would be impossible that the President could
have acted wiser than he did. A young man, from
the State of Wisconsin, about eighteen years of
age, a well educated young man, an orphan, en-
listed in the army of the Potomac as a private sol-
dier; he was wounded at Bull Run, captured there,
and was imprisoned at Richmond for six months.
On his return he came by the way of Washington,
and called upon the President. The simple facts
were sufficient, and the President nominated him
to the Military Academy, and I have no doubt
that he will be an honor to himself, and an honor
to the country. I believe, so far as I know, the
President has acted wisely in relation to these
appointments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
The amendment was rejected—ayes five, noes
not counted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to have one more
question taken; I will try to speak one more word
for oldNewport,although there are so many weak-
kneed brethren here that I do not expect to suc-
ceed. I move, on the 11th page of the bill, after
the appropriation for the Naval Academy, to add
the following proviso:
Provided, however, That nothing herein contained shall
he construed as directing tiie reestablishment of the Naval
Academy at Annapolis.
And upon this amendment I ask for the yeas
and nays. , #
Mr. HALE. We have voted upon that once,
have we not ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not in the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Howard,
Flowe, King, Lane ot Kansas,Pomeroy, Sumnei,TenEyck,
Trumbull, and Wilmot—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Clark. Collamer, Da-
vis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Grimes, Hale, Hat Jan, Hender-
son, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDougall. Moriill, Nes-
mith, Saulsbury, Stark, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts,
Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment in the form
of an additional section:
 $jid he it further enacted, That each Senator shall have
the right to make one nomination to the Naval School, and
as often as there may occur any vacancy in such nomina-
tion the Senator making it, or his successor, may lenevv it.
The question being put, it was declared that the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas ]3, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Davis, Foot, Howard. Lane
of Kansas, Nesmith, Pomeioy, Powell, SauNbmy, Stark,
Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Missouri—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carhlc, Clark. Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fes&cnden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Henderson, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDougali,
Morrill, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wiight—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The-bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the title of the bill
should be amended by adding the words " and for
other purposes," there are so many other things
in the bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be so
amended.
BILL INTRODUCE!}.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 90) authorizing the President of the United
States to purchase Jones's improvement in oper-
ating heavy guns; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
noun OF DAILY MEETING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business reg-
ularly in order before the Senate is the Pacific
railroad bill, so called.
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Senator
from California, I move to take up the resolution
fixing the daily hour of meeting.
Mr. LATHAM. Let the bill be laid aside in-
formally to consider the resolution.
Air. McDOUGrALL. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires a vote
to take up the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that resolution will
not be taken up. I am opposed to considering it,
or, certainly, to adopting it. I see no occasion to
take it up and consume the time of the Senate with
it. I hope the Senate will not agree to meet at
eleven o'clock. Perhaps, however, it is better to
say that after the resolution is taken up, rather
than at this stage; but if it comes up it will cer-
tainly lead to discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we are to have discus-
sion on it we may as well have it at one time as
another.
Mr. McDQUGALL. If the resolution is to be
discussed, we may as well take it up in the morn-
ing hour to-morrow, when we shall have a fuller
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is to be discussed, I
think we may as well take it up now. Certainly,
gentlemen with all their ingenuity cannot spend a
great-deal of time upon it. We ought to have the
matter settled. I think it is getting so near what
ought to be the end of the session that we may as
well meet at eleven as at twelve o'clock. I am
myself quite anxious that we should bring the ses-
sion to a close within a reasonable time. This
resolution, I understand, is merely changing the
hour of meeting in the morning. I hope it will
be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
taking up the resolution.
The question being put, the ayes were 21, and
the noes were 10.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken resulted—
yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Clark, Collamer, Dix-
on, Dooiittle, Fesseudcn, Foot, Foster, Hale, Henderson,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDoug.il!,
Nes-mith, Pomeioy, Powell, Saul>bury, Stark, Ten E\ek,
Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—25.
NAYS—Mes-is. Browning, Davis, Grimes, Harlan, How-
ard, King, Moil ill, Sunniei, Trumbull, and Wilmot—10
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
before the Senate. The Chair will suggest that
the phraseology of the resolution, as offered by the
Senator from California, requires amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I will modify it by fixing the
time " on and after the 17th of June."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that it he would defer it for one or two days
longer, it would be much more convenient, as' the
committee of conference on the tax bill meet in
the morning.
Mr. LATHAM. I will say "on and after the
18th of June," if that will suit the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may take us two days
to get through.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I will fix it for " on and
after the 19th.9>
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeingto the resolution asmodificd by the mover,
as follows:-
Resolved, That on and after the 19th of June, the daily
hour of meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, a. ni.,
instead of twelve, m.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. The vote which has just
been taken may perhaps be regarded as indicative
of an expression of opinion by the Senate that it
is prepared to hasten through with its business and
adjourn. That is avowed, in fact, by the Senator
from Maine. lie considers that we are near the
close of the session; and it should be remembered
that itisa session during which the members have
labored more hours than in any other session m
the history of the Government; we have met more
days; there have been fewer adjournments over,
comparatively; we have r^ptevery day m the week
for a number of weeks; we have sat more hours
each day than was ever before known jn tho his-
tory of the Government; and now it is proposed
to commence thedaily sittings an houreailier.with
a view of hurrying the session to a close. 1 ex-
pected this. I think it is the policy of some per-
ons to hurry through the business of appropn-
