750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
decided by the Senate, without any feeling at all
upon my part.
Mr. DIXON. As to the question which seems
to interest these two Senators so much—tiffe dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine and the distin-
guished Senator from Illinois—which shall be in
this matter the leader of the Senate, it is not to me
a question of the slightest interest whatever. Fur-
thermore, if Agamemnon and Achilles see fit 10
quarrel, the rest of us, as privates, must do the
best we can. I think, sir- 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Piesidcnt 
Mr. DIXON. J have never known the Senator
to yield the floor to me, and 1 will continue with
what 1 have to say. 1 have known him to claim
his rights, and 1 have known him sometimes to
tell me that when he was through I could speak.
I will not say the same thing to him, because I
think it would be rude.
Now, sir, with regard to this motion to recom-
mit the bill, 1 am in favor of it, and I hope the
Senator from Illinois will notwithdiaw it. 1 will
State why 1 am in favor of it. When this bill
was first called up to-day, we had not received
certain information which we now have with re-
gard to the feeling of foreign Powers towards us.
i would not make this expenditure unless it seemed
lo be absolutely necessary, or at least unlesstheie
seemed to be a probability of its being absolutely
necessary. If we can save it we ought to save it.
We certainly are called upon to make sufficient
expenditures m every direction. I should be very
glad if this narticulai expenditure could be avoid-
ed, although it is pioposed to he expended in that
region of the country in which 1 have, of course,
the most interest. I think it may bo very well to
refer this bill to the Committee <><i Military Ailairs
and let them nseenain whethe) it is neoessai y and
important that the expendituu: should now be
made, it may be (hat time will show that, theie
is no pressing; emergency of this sort, that there
js no danger 1,1 uny quaiier of any hostile demon-
strations. If that should be the case, I foi one
should be extremely glad to avoid this expend•
ituro at the present time.
Mr, FESfcJENDEN. Air. President, I supposed
the. Senator had finished when I addtessed (he
Chair, or 1 would not have incurred his indigna-
tion by doing so. 1 merely wish to say a word
to my honorable friend from Illinois, lie did not
state exactly (and carelessness of words very fre-
quently leads to misundei standing) what 1 did' say.
i did not say that 1 should take it, if this motion
were adopted, as an intimation of the Senate, by
any manner of meauH. 1 said 1 should consider
that the Senate had no further occasion for my
.services-—in my own opinion, and not that of the
Senate.
1 merely rose to make that explanation, not to
continue this debate; hut n lemark made by the
honorable Senator from Connecticut would call
for some notice both fi "in the Senatoi fi om i 11 tnois
and myself— the remaik that he made of (his be-
ing a < ontest between the Senator from Maine and
the Senatoi from Illinois as to wlmh should be
the leadei o] the Senate. The return k wa^s unwor-
thy of the Senator from Connecticut, and [ am sui -
prised that he made it; and on rejection 1 think
he will regret that he did mnke it. because nothing
of that kind could po.ssibly'be inferred at all from
the debate between the Senator fi om Illinois and
myself by any gentleman who wished to draw a
eoneet and proper inference from what i did say.
As to being the leadei of the Senate, or t he leader
of any body, I believe I never have expies.sed a
desire to do so, and certainly the Senate will jud^e
whether my mam.ei of tieatmg them would lead
to any such assumption on mypait. i confess
with all humility my utter inability to lead in any
direction even the Senator from Connecticut. 1
am perfectly willing to yi"Ui all the h-iidership to
him, feci in ^ conscious that Ins gieat and ackno wl-
edged ability and his wonderful power in this Sen-
ate and out of it amply lit him for the station.
11 MP \ r. ' -ii.. .i ..
Mr. .Mi. Pnsident-
WnltheScn ator allow rue a sin-
gle1 w o; d ?
Mi. HICFi. Mr; 1 wdl not yn Id.
Mr. DiXON. ihit a single word.
Mr. iUCi^. JN1 ' one word
Mr Prevalent, i ueheve theie have been buttwo
week days since the commencement of this session
that 1 have not been at this Senate early in the
morning, attending one of the three committees
of which I am a member. I make, it a practice to
attend punctually. I am willing to remain here;
it is seldom that I move an adjournment or vote
for one; and i am willing to listen to every sub-
ject that is properly discussed. Eat it is painful
to mc to hear these personal discussions and allu-
sions, and I think the old and reverend Senators
are to blame m setting us young ones the bad
example.
In icgaid to the measure before us, I have en-
deavored to ascertain what the practice of the Sen-
ate has been, so as to vote understandmgly. I
admit that but a short time ago I was laboring
under a great misapprehension. Upon inquiry,
1 find that it has been the universal practice for
these bills to go to the Committee on Fmancc, and
that committee to report upon them. It has also
been the piacticc for the Committee on Military
Affairs to informally consider the bills, so as to
be piepared to offer such amendments as they
deem pioper. We have not had time in the Mil-
itary Committee to consider this bill. Business
has pressed upon us there, and we are at least two
weeks behindhand.
I make this statement believing that my friend
from California and some others will be satisfied
that the bill has taken thus far the proper course,
and in no instance has a bill of this character,
repoited from the Finance Committee, ever been
referred to the Committee on Military AfTaiis.
Now I will yield to the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. I ceitainly have been very un-
happy in not being able to allude to the supposed
leadership of these two distinguished Senatoi s in
what was intended to be a jocose strain without
being no seriously taken to task by the Senator
fiom Maine. He thinks that the Senator from Il-
linois ought also to resent it. I do not see that he
does. lie seems to ha\e been willing to take the
joke a little more pleasantly than my friend from
Maine. The fact was, 1 compaied these two Seu-
atois to the leaders of the Gieek army; and as it
seemed to me, pi-rhaps I might say an unseemly
spectacle—if the Senator ft om Maine would not
take oifense at it, but I am afraid he would, and
therefore 1 will not say it; but, sir, it did not seem
exactly proper that these two Senators should be
taking up the time of the Senate in an altercation
having no lofercnce to the public inteiest at this
late hour, one of them threatening, as iho Senator
from Illinois said—I did not say it—the Senator
from Illinois said, the Senator from Maine threat-
ened to leave; a curtain blanch of duty unless he
could have his own way. That was not my lan-
guage; it was the language of the Senator from
Illinois; while, on the other hand, the Senator
from Maine charged the Senator from Illinois with
having made the same spec ch three times. I did
say that m the rivalship between the leaders 1 took
no interest; and if Agamemnon and Achilles fell
out, (he pnvatesm thearmy mustdo the best they
could. The«Senaior from Maine saw fit to take
oifen^e at that. 1 think, however, the Senator
ou'?,ht to have taken my ic mailt m a somewhat
dlife11 ni manner.
Mr. WAD]-]. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
[" Oh , ])'"> ! ''J
Mr. KESSENDEN. Ihopenot. Weare ready
to dispose of this matter. I shall not reply at all".
The bill oiiiiht to be passed to-night.
The VICE PP«-ESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio withdraw his motion?
Mr. WADE. 1 have not been heie much, and
if it is the sense of the Senate to take the question
now, ( withdiaw the motion.
Mr. TliUMljULL. The yeas and nays were
not railed on the motion to refer, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were not.
Mi. TIH7M HULL. After the statement that
has been made by the Senator from Minnesota,
1 thattliLse bills have never been lefeired to the
Committee on Military Affairs, but that it has
, been the practice for them informally to consider
j them, it seems that the object which 1 had in \iew
! is accomplished without a leferoace of the bill to
I that committee. My object was to have it in
1 such <• shape that the y could consider it, although
j I learn from hi m, as the Senate does, that this bill
■ has not been considered by ihem. 1 think that is
j to be >"grettod. U should have been consideied
by them, and an oppoituinty should have l.aen
i afforded to them to do so; an informal examina-
I tion, of couise, would have answered all the pur-
( poses. Under the circumstances, after what has
been stated, I will not persist in the motion to
refer the bill to that committee.
Now, a single word to the Senator from Con-
necticut. I think his remark was entirely uncalled
for on the motion which I had made, and the little
inteiest that I had taken in this bill, for I have had
no time to examine it particularly. I do not tlunk
it called for any such remark as he made, or that
there was anything to justify it But I do not
wish to pursue that matter. I will withdraw the
motion for reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Ohio, to strike out all of the first section of
the bill and insert what has been read; and upon
that question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
lesultcd—yeas 5, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Giimcs, Ilendcison, Lane of Indiana,
McDnugali. and Sherman—5.
NAYri—Messrs. Anthony, Browr.ing, Chandfer, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Ilailan, Ilowaid, Howe, King, Latham, Morull. Pomeroy,
Powell, Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wilson of Missouri—29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 11, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Re\. Thomas* H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That four thousand additional copies of the
Commcicsal Relations ot the United States with foreign na-
tion-) Coi the year 1861 be printed for the use of the House,
and one thou*and additional copies for the use of the State
Depaitment.
GUAltD-HOUSE IN ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. CLAX1E. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Revoked, Tuat the committer1 on thf> conduct of the war
be nwtucted to mqunc into tfio following statement. and
if found to he tme, to take measmes to leniedy the' evil
complained of-
SPECIAL DISl'ATCHbS TO THE INQUIRER.
The Alexandria slave pen—(he dijfet enre hctu cen rebclpris-
onei t nnd our own.
washington, February 9.1862.
The old slave pen of Alexandua, to the burning shame
of out otheeis though it he, is «ttll used as a guard-house for
the soldieis. Wc visited it on Saturday morning asrairi, with
Mr. Luniley, the artist o( the New Yoik Illustrated News,
who succeeded in making one of hi-s u ual accurate sketches
ot the bleak walla and iron gates. Itismcieh a-quaie pen,
made by lour briek walls, about twenty lent high and two
loot thick, covet ing a space of about sivty feet square.
Then1 ate no window-, and hnt one dooi ; no t oof over
it, except a nanow Ptiip o\oi ono comei, to keep off the
poltuur st oini oi cold and poisonous mal.iiia that tills the
an at night A sheam ot filth} waiej unis thtoughtiie een-
tei and the llooi is ot" In ick—always cold, damp, and duty,
llete the '•oidu'isnie placed who ate airestedfot any cause.
II a man ovetstays Ins tune hom camp, gets into a quatiel
with another soldier, or a j-'ecrsh, if lie comes into town
without a pa^, or violate j any ot the oidei--. away lie is
matched into this den. The iubol« us-< d it a> a place ot
punishment foi sdave5, or a s-tote house for <'• piupeity,"
alius nogioc^. We depiecate then coodaet nn inlunnamty,
and then dogiade oui o*vn tioop-, by putting them on a level
with the ** piopeity.5' We do not question the piopnety
of atre^ting the soldicns foi divets oll'on=ee, (ot it i^ abso-
lute!} ncee-?*ai\ to maim<u.i older and di^cipInK', but way
' win a idud vnldiers are iaiijn, when ffcesh emnsauesand
1 tfpies ai.< aite-ted. aie they taken to good qucuteis in clcan
! hou^e* and ;vell pro> idei fori Tilde i-i a guevous wtoug
j here that -honld be tetncdied at once. Goneial Montgom-
I ciy and Colom I McLean aie men of kiud health, and m
! who^e biea^ti? theic links not the ^lightest sympathy tor a
, -•eees.sioni^T, but somebody is to blame for this inhuman
I state ol alfair-. We cannot leain who it is. Why tie up
\ the hands of our oiTicein whose whole souls are m the war?
■ Why disheaiten and d^gnst our volunteers by such mvid-
i iou> distinctions? Last Tuesday night, a puvateot the
{ New Yoik sixty-thiid was placed in this pen, intoxicated.
, He laid down on the only vacant ^pnee, in bed. :-innv and
■ slusii over three inches deep, and next lnoinina:, whon the
I Lion giato wuti .-wung open, he win cat tied our n eotp%e.
! An inquest was [sold, and a sutgeon te^'itu'd that be died
fiom atunkenne.^ and exposuie; hut the &uigeon-ni-clnet
i says he was frozen to death. *
! There are hundieds of nicely furnished houses ail over
I the city, who=e owneis are in the rebel aryiy. A number
! ot fine public building? are unoccupied; why allow them
