1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2733
ation and revenue bills and get the Congress of
the United States out of the way. In this crisis of
our affairs, with these large armies in the field,
with the policy of the Government undecided, with
great questions unsettled, with, in fact, 110 policy,
Congress proposes to meet at an earlier hour for
the purpose of hurrying through its business and
leaving everything at loose ends in this way in
the present condition of the country. Now, sir,
so far from meeting at eleven o'clock, I would not
meet until twelve o'clock, and I would sit here
reasonable hours, and do the business leisurely,
deliberately, and try to do it properly. I have all
the time been opposed to this haste. I am opposed
to an adjournment of the Congress of the United
States in the present condition of the country. T
believe it due to our constituents, due to the people
of this nation, that we should remain here while
the country is in its present condition, unless it
is the intention of Congress to abdicate its powers,
to give up its authority, to do nothing more than
to raise men and money, and not attempt to indi-
cate the policy of the Government, but to leave
the Executive of the nation, without any expres-
sion of opinion, to assume responsibility, and to
compel him to assume responsibilities because
Congress has refused to discharge its duty. This,
I think, we ought not to do.
There are great measures that ought to be con-
sidered and acted upon by this Congress before it
adjourns; and this haste for personal convenience
by persons who are paid an annual salary to at-
tend to the business of the country, to bring about
an early adjournment, and get away from here, I
think is unjustifiable. I do not believe in the pol-
icy of adjourning Congress in haste. I believe
we ought to stay here until we can see a different
condition of things in the country, for I trust that
we are to see it; I trust that we are not to remain
very long in the condition we are now in; that our
armies will do something, that some advance will
be made, and that the condition of things will be
such that we shall have some action in regard to
the territory of the southern States. Are we pre-
pared to adjourn and go home without any law
to regulate the condition of things in the South as
our armies march South? Is the Executive to be
compelled to assume unwarranted authority and
appoint Governors for States or Governors for
districts of country because Congress will not act,
and to do all this without regulation of law? I
know there are some persons who assume for the
Executive, in a time of war, all the powers per-
taining to Government, who think that under a
war power, a sort of undefined power, the Exec-
utive may do anything. I do not so read the Con-
stitution. According to my understanding, the
war power, as it is called, exists in Congress, and
nowhere else. I deny that the President of the
United States can any more make an officer in time
of war than in time of peace. I deny that the
Constitution is enlarged in time of war. Powers
may be exercised which it is unnecessary to ex-
ercise in a time of peace; but the powers are in the
Constitution. The Constitution, which requires
that every officer to be appointed by the President
shall be appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, except that Congress may
by law authorize the President and heads of De-
partments to appoint inferior officers, is just as
binding in time of war as in time of peace.
I look upon this proposition to meet early as
indicating an intention to adjourn early; and as I
am opposed to an early adjournment, and think
it the duty of Congress to remain here when the
country is in peril, I shall vote against the reso-
lution. We know not what will happen between
now and the meeting of Congress in December
next; and the condition of things is so uncertain
that 1 think we ought not to vote for adjourning
until they become more settled. This is the reason
why I am opposed to the resolution; and I offer,
as an amendment to it:
That tlie daily Ijour of adjournment shall bo at lour
o'clock, p. 111., unless tho Senate shall adjourn at ail eailicr
hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Piesident, I do not
understand from what the Senator fioin Illinois,
has said whether he desires that we should have
110 adjournment whatever and lemain in perma-
nent session; he does not distinctly define his opin-
ion on that point; but his argument would go, as
it seems to me, that length. Ho says that it is
improper in the present condition of the country
that Congress should adjourn. He seems to think
that it should be constantly in session, I really,
so far as I am concerned, although I am in favor
of adjourning Congress at a reasonable day, do
not feel any pricks of conscience with reference
to the matter, if we do that. So far as my dis-
charge of my own duties has been concerned,'!
think I may say that I have devoted as much time,
to say the least, as any other Senator, to the busi-
ness of Congress, and 1 have labored as hard for
effective legislation. If the Senator from Illinois
has labored as hard and as constantly as I have,
he stands precisely in the same position, and he
can have nothing of which to accuse himself. If,
on the contrary,he has been desirous that the busi-
ness of Congress might be protracted and might
not be finished, but be left unfinished for the pur-
pose of keeping us in session as long as possible,
he then does hardly stand upon the samcground
that I do. He knows better than I do whether
that is the case or not.
I confess, sir, to a little selfishness about the
matter, and I am willing that my constituents
should understand me. There is a limit to my
powers of endurance and my powers of labor; and
I confess that I cannot feel that it is my duty to
sit here permanently unless I see some pressing
and immediate danger, or even, if you please, a re-
mote danger which renders it necessary so to do.
Perhaps if I had my family all about me and a
house in Washington, as the Senator from Illinois
has, and found it particularly stupid and dull here
when Congress was not in session, I might be
more reconciled to sitting here during the whole
year; but that is not my condition, and I really
feel that I have a right to take some time to recu-
perate my energies by going out of Washington,
after having been here more than seven months
and steadily laboring 111 the business of Congress,
unless, as 1 said before, t lit re is some pressing or
some foreseen emergency which makes it my duty
to sacrifice everything to that consideration.
Now, sir,whatdoestheSenatorforesee? Every-
body knows that it is in the power of the Presi-
dent of the United States to callus together at any
moment he pleases. If we adjourn to-morrow,
the President can the next day or the next week
call upon Congress to return, and no mileage will
be paid and there will be 110 additional expense to
the Government. If wo are wanted we are ready,
and the power is in the Government to call us.
What, then, have we to stay for after we have com-
pleted the necessary legislation ? What is to keep
us here ? What are we to do ? Whom are we to
watch ? Are we to stay here and watch the Pres-
ident, see that he does not break the laws or vio-
late the Constitution ? Is that what the Senator
from Illinois wants us to do ? For my part, I do
not think it is necessary for me, after I have com-
pleted the necessary legislation of Congress and
put into the hands of the executive Government
all that they ask for, all that they need or can pos-
sibly use for the defense of the country in this its
exigency, to stay here and watch the Govern-
ment and see that they do it, and see that they do
no wrong.
The honorable Senator speaks of our adjourning
when the policy of the Government is not declared.
Why, sir, can we make the Administration declare
their policy ? Can wo compel them to declare it?
They have had ample lime. We have been in
session nearly seven months, and if we have not
had a declaration of policy thus far, I should like
to know whether we have any right to expect one
if we sit here three or four months longer. Are
we to make a declaration of policy? We have
been 111 session nearly seven months, and we hove
not begun to do so. Why has not the Senator
introduced some expression of the policy of Con-
gress, if it was necessary that we should declare
11? What have we been about all this time ? If
there was anything in the state of ullairs in the
country which required an expression of policy,
why have you not introduced resolutions to that
effect, and had a declared policy ? I do not under-
stand what Senatois are driving at. Wo cannot
compel the Executive to say what they intend to
do 011 this thmgor the other,and we have declined
to say ourselves what we think is necessary to be
done.
With reference to the bill which the Senator
speaks of, and which he says it is neccssary to
pass, I agree with him that we should pass a bill
authorizing some government for the States re-
stored to the Union, but I believe that bill lay m
the files of the committee of-whicb the honorable
Senator is chairman for months and months. We
sent it to the committee, if I recollectaright, in the
very beginning of this session, and it lay there until
within a week or two. Now, if it takes as long to
get that bill through the Senate as ittoolc to get it
through the hands of the honorable chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, 1 should like to know
in God's name when we are to dispose of it? Not
certainly by the 1st of December next, I a^ree
with him that we should take it up and consider
it. Why not take it up to-morrow?
Mr. SUMNER. It was introduced on the 14th
of February.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And when reported?
Mr. SUMNER. On the 11th of June.
Mr. FESSENDEN, A bill of how many sec-
tions?
Mr. SUMNER. Seven sections.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary from the 14th of February
to the 11th of June. What were the committee
about all that time ? Why was not that bill brought
here before? Now, it seems from tlje showing of
the chairman of the committee, it is absolutely ne-
cessary to take it up and pass it, Why was it not
here long ago? Why not take it up to-morrow? Our
meeting at eleven o'clock does not fix the time of
our adjournment. It gives us an additional hour
and gives us an additional chanceto pass the bill if
it is necessary, and 1 am for taking it up immedi-
ately, and 1 am for taking up the bill with refer-
ence to the confiscation of rebel property as soon
as may be and passing that bill also. Why not
take them up and act upon them? Why keep
them back? And why keep them back in the files
of a committee for months, and then talk about
the necessities of staying here to pass them? It
strikes me that the logic of the whole proceeding
is remarkable.
Then the Senator says that we do not know
what the Army may do; wc cannot tell, and we
must wait until some result happens. Have we
not been waiting for a declaration of policy with
reference to the Army, for something to happen,
something to be done, ever since we came here?
We came here last November; we wanted some-
thing done then, and if I read the newepapers
aright—and that is all I know about it—the Army
has been about to do something from that day to
the presentevery day in the week, 1 do not know
when it will do something, but it has been about
to do it. I heard that there was apian in the re-
cesses of some great mind which was developing
itself, and it has been developing ever since, and
does notseem any nearer to being understood than
it was when wc first heard of it. How long are
wc to wait for that? We cannot hasten it; we
cannot find out what the plan is; we cannot push
it. Legislation cannot do it.
I agree with my friend fiom Illinois in his views
in reference to the power of Congress. I never
have acceded to the notion that Congress could
abdicate any of its powers. I think it should hold
on to them all; and f agree with him that it should
direct the Army to a certain extent, not the details
of proceeding in the field, but everything in refer-
ence to the war. We may make regulations, and
until we do make them the President acts. We*
have the power to make them. I agree with my
friend about that, and we have the power to con-
trol all, and wc hold the purse-stiings. We rep-
resent the people. I agree with the Senator m ref-
erence to these doctrines in full.
But,sir,ail that makes nothingin my judgment
against our meeting at eleven o'clock instead of
twelve. If there is so much business to be done,
the argument would seem to be the other way.
And while I say that I believe we ought to ad-
journ in a reasonable time fiom a regard to our-
selves and our own necessities, and because there
is no immediate pressing necessity or prospect of
one that should keep us here, i by no means
say that, because we meet at eleven o'clock to-
' morrow, wc arc to adjourn without day the next
I day, or the next week. I hold that we ought to
i stay here as long as there is any essential busi-
| ness that requires to be done at this session, and
i until it is done; and I hold, moreover, that we
ought to take our time, and a reasonable time, to
adjourn for our own sakes, if the country is not
to be injured by U; and yet i hold that at this sea-
son of the year, in this weather, we had bct'ter
