1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
the heroic and patriotic men who have left their
homes and given up everything for their country
to be slaughtered like wild beasts as they were at
Ball's Bluff? In this last case, it appears that they
were marched in the mud up to their armpits, and
shot like dogs in the presence of their command-
ing general, who was too drank to sit on his horse.
If this be true, there is no punishment known to
the military law too severe to be promptly visited
upon him. These statements are publicly made
in Congress and in the public prints, and as yet
no notice has been taken of them, and no one has
been brought to trial. In regard to the reference
to the committee on the conduct of the war, if that
is the sense of the Senate, I have not the slightest
objection—I have discharged my duty—though,
as a matter of propriety, I think these specific
questions ought to go to a committee that is under
the control of the Senate. • If, however, the Sen-
ate think differently, I shall acquiesce.
Mr. FOSTER. I am in favor of the inquiry,
and should be disposed to have the resolution go,
as the Senator fiom New Hampshire suggests,
to a committee of the Senate, rather than to a
joint committee of the two Houses; but to which-
ever committee it goes, [ want to say a word be-
fore its reference; and it is this: the Senate can-
not plume itself upon the high moral ground it
has taken upon the question whether the officers
of our Army should be sober men or not. It is
very well for us, no doubt, whenever we have the
right to exert that prerogative, to hold all de-
partments of the Government responsible to "us,
if those who administer those departments are
derelict in duty; but jt is far better than that for
us to discharge properly the responsibilities be-
longing to us; and I say, and I say in face of the
Senate and in face of the count! y, that the Sen-
ate has not taken the ground it ought to take in
refusing to confirm men who were known to be
intemperate. Such men have been nominated to
us for officers of the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States. Having taken'the ground we have on
that subject, it becomes us, 1 think, to weed our
own garden first, correct first our own laxity—I
am pained to add, what I think a more appro-
priate teim, our own criminality in having con-
firmed men to high positions in the Army and
Navy who were charged, and apparently truly
charged at the time, with habitual intemperance.
Having done that, we certainly should be a little
cautious before criticising very severely the con-
duct of other departments of the Government m
regard to men of that character.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Chair
takes occasion to say, as a Senator fiom Vermont,
that the commanding general on the occasion re-
ferred to has not yet been confirmed.
Mr. HALE, i agree very much in what the
Senator from. Connecticut has said. know that
the standard of the Senate in that respect has been
very low, and that there have been some peculiar
notions prevailing in the Senate in regard to such
matters. I remember that the Senate is apart of
the Congress of the United States, and I recog-
nize as belonging to the Congress of the United
States the supreme legislative power of the coun-
try, and I hold it to be the duty of the Congress
of the United States, while they are in session .at
least, to exercise their vigilance and their care over
these matters. 1 have been asked frequently,
" when will this Congress adjourn?" and in an-
swer to that question 1 have saiu "Ido not know;"
and the suggestion has come back, " they ought
not to adjourn while this war continues, and con-
tinues m the condition it now is." Why not?
Why may not Congress go home to-morrow, after
having voted the supplies, just as well as not, it
they a"rc to take no notice of these things r If they
are to let our soldieis be h-d into the mud and shot
down like dogs, m the face of a drunken general
who cannot sit on his horse, and they are to take
no action and institute no inquiry about it, why
not go home ? Why stay here ? They could not
do any worse if we were at home. I say it is the
bounden duty of Congress to inquire into these
matters.
Agreeing in very much that was said by the
Senator from Connecticut, let me suggest to him
that this is not an analogous case to that winch he
put. When questions nre made such as those to
which he leferied, there are disputes, there are
inquiries; and I will mention a fact that occuired
here years &go. 1 had occasion to mention it once
before. I was attending a private party in this
city when I was first a member of the Senate, and
I saw a young man whose name was pending
before the Senate as a nominee for a lieutenancy
in the Navy. 1 met him at that private party
drunk, and he had to leave the house because he
was drunk; and as he left the house he stole another
bottle of whisky of the host at whose house he
was entertained. His nomination came before the
Senate. I stated these facts to the Senate just as
I state them here to-day, as having taken place
under my own eye. What was I answered?
{< That is no reason why he should not be con-
firmed. If it is a regular case for promotion he
must be confirmed, and you shall not try a man
for these moral offenses behind his back; let the
Secretary of the Navy order him to a court-mar-
tial;" and he was confirmed; and on a subsequent
occasion something very similar occurred, and I
stated the same facts, and the Senate came to the
same conclusion again.
Mi. SUMNER. That was during the old pro-
slavery days.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, we have not made much
reformation in the new anti-slavery days in regard
to confirming drunkards, not an atom. We may
have made progress in other matters, but in that
we have nothing to boast of, nothing to brag of.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a good point.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to confess our sins
when occasion requires. We have made no prog-
ressin this direction. 1 think this inquiry should
be made. 1 have not the slightest preference about
the committee; only as a matter of propriety, I
think it should more appropiiately go to one of
our own committees, because it is a specific in-
quiry relative to a specific offense by a single offi-
cer, and does not relate to the geneial conduct of
the war.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is a mat-
ter of mdilference to me to what committee this
resolution goes. I suppose the reference which
has been made here this morning is to General
Smith. He has not been confiimed. He is now,
I believe, in the hands of the committee, or before
the Senate. I know nothing about any of the
facts in this case. All I know is that it has been
whispered through the winter that he was guilty
of intemperance, and his name has been held back
to a considerable extent on that account. The
Senator from Connecticut reads us a proper lec-
ture here this morning, and I take it kindly. I
think we have been very caieless in some of our
confirmations; but for myself I say hero openly
before the Senate what I have said within closed
doors, that I have recommended no man and voted
for no man who is guilty of intemperance; and I
do not intend to do it. Whatever hia merits may
be in other respects, 1 will not trust the life of any
American soldier under any officer who is guilty
of intempeiance, if I know it.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special older
fixed for half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
desite to prolong these remarks, and I will simply
say that it is a matter of indifference to me whether
it goes to the committee of which I am a member,
or to the joint committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
Older for this hour is bill S. No. 184, to authorize
the President of the United States to appoint dip-
lomatic representatives to the republics of Hayti
and Libeila, respectively.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take a vote on this
resolution.
Mi. SUMNER. If the vote can be taken on
this resolution 1 shall be very glad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the Chair will put the question on the
resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
IIAYTI AND LIBERIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 184) to
authmize the Piesideut of the United States to
appoinuhnlomatie representatives to the republics
j of l-Jayti and Liberia, respectively.
I The" bill pioposes to authorize the President of
: the United States, by and with the advice and
j consent of the Senate, to appoint diplomatic rep-
I resentatives ot the United States to the republics
! of Hayti a,111 Liberia, respectively. Each of the
representatives so appointed is to be accredited
as commissioner and consul general, and is to
receive, out of any money in the Treasury no',
otherwise appropriated, the compensation of com-
missioners provided for by the act of Congress
approved August 18, 1856; but the compensation
of the representative at Liberia is not to exceed
$4,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before pro-
ceeding with the statement which 1 am about to
make, I desire to move one or two small amend-
ments in the bill. In the eighth and ninth line's,
I move to strikeout the words " out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated." If
these words do not amount to an appropriation,
they are superfluous; if they do amount to an
appropriation, I have no desire to have them in
the bill; therefore, I move to strike them out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In line ten, instead of the
words "provided for by," I move to substitute
the words " according to." ltis merely a verbal
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That altera-
tion will be made according to the suggestion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, it being a mere
verbal amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. In line twelve, after the word
"the," and before " compensation,'' I move to
insert the word "annual;" so that the sentence
shall read, "that the annual compensation of the
representative at Liberia shall not exceed $4,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the independ-
ence of Hayti and Liberia has never yet been ac-
knowledged by our Government. It would at
any time be within the province of the President
to do this, either by receiving a diplomatic repre-
sentative from these republics, or by sending one
to them. The action of Congress is not necessary,
except so far cis an appropriation may be needed
to sustain a mission. But the President has seen
fit, in his annual message, to invite such action.
By this bill Congress will associate itself with him
m the acknowledgment, which, viewed only as an
act of justice, comity, and good neighborhood,
must commend itself to all candid minds.
But, in proposing to appoint diplomatic repre-
sentatives, we necessarily contemplate the nego-
tiation of treaties and theestablishmentof friendly
relations with these two republics under the sanc-
tions of international law and according to the
usage of nations. If it be important that such
treaiies should be negotiated, and such lelations
be established, then the present bill is entitled to
your support. Thus far our Government, ha-
bitually hospitable to all newly-formed republics,
has turned aside from Hayti an'dLiberia, although
the former has been an independent Power for
nearly sixty years,and the latter for neatly fifteen.
Of course, our national character has suffered
fiom this conduct, while our important commer-
cial relations with these countries have continued
without the customary support of treaties-or the
active protection afforded by the presence of an
honored representative of our Government. It
is time to put an end to this anomalous state ot
things.
It was my purpose, originally, to consider this
question at length in some of its general aspects;
to trace the character and histoiy of the two re-
publics; to exhibit the struggles in ourown coun-
tiy foi the acknowledgment of their independence,
and to vindicate this act in all its manifest relations
to civilization. But such a discussion is, I trust,
unnecessary, and I shall content myself with a few
considerations of a practical character—especially
in reply to the suggestion that diplomatic repre-
sentatives are not needed m our concerns with these
two republics.
Hayti is one of the most beautiful and import-
ant islands m the world, possessing remarkable
advantages in size,situation,climate,soil,produc-
tions,and mineral wealth. It is about three hun-
dred and thirty-eight miles ill length from east to
west, and in breadth, from north to south, varies
from one hundred and forty-five miles to seventeen.
Its circumference, without including bays, meas-
ures eight bundled and forty-eight miles. Its sur-
face, exclusive of adjacent islands, is estimated at
thirty thousand five hundred and twenty-eight
square miles, being about the area of Ireland. !n
size it is so considerable as to attract attention
among the islands of the world. In situation it is
