i m
THE CON(tRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
e&mmanding, being at the entrance to the Gulf of
Mexico, and within easy reach of all the islands
titere. In climate, it is salubrious, with its natural
hfeats tempered by sea breezes. In soil, it is rich
with tropical luxuriance; various with mountains
and plains; watered by numerous rivers, and dot-
ted with lakes. In productions, it is abundant
beyond even the«rdinary measure of such favored
regions. The mountains yield mahogany, satin-
wood, and lignumvitEe, while the plains yield all
the bountiful returns of the tropics, including ba-
nanas, oranges, pine-apples, coffee, cocoa, sugar,
indigo, and cotton. Among the minerals are gold,
silver,platinum, mercury, copper, iron, sulphur,
and several kinds of precious stones. Such, in
brief, is the physical character of this wonderful
island, which, like Ireland, is a " geivr&f the sea."
Originally discovered by Christopher Colum-
bus, who named it Hispaniola, or Little Spain,
this island was for a long time among the most
valued possessions of Spain, from which Power
it passed to France. Throwing1 off the Govern-
ment of the latter country, it has for nearly sixty
years maintained its independence before the
world, and performed honorably all its duties in
the family of nations. The republic of Hayti
once embraced the whole of the island. At pres-
ent it occupies a portion only, with a population
of six hunured thousand souls.
The republic of Liberia ex tends along the west-
ern coast of Africa for a space of five hundred
miles, beginning at the British colony of Sierra
Leone, with an aveiage breadth of fifty miles,
between latitude 4° 20' and 7° 30' north, embra-
cing an area of thirty thousand square miles, being
almost precisely the area of Hayti; so that these
two regions—one an island, and the other a strip
of African sea-coast—arc of the same size. I say
nothing of the origin of this republic, although it
cannot be contemplated without the conviction
that it is, perhaps, one of the most important
colonics ever planted. At last civilization has
obtained a foothold in Africa, almost under the
equator.
In soil and productions, if not in climate, this
region seems hardly less favored than Hayti.
Though so near the equator, the mercury seldom
rises above ninety degrees in the shade, and
never falls below sixty degrees. Most of the pro-
ductions which are found in the one are also found
in the other. But Liberia abounds in iron ore,
and it is said that copper and other metals exist
in the interior. It is, however, in sugar, cotton,
coffee, and palm-oil lliat Liberia seems destined
to excel. It has been said by a person familiar
with the country that it " bids fair to become one
of the greatest sugar-producing countries in the
world." The population embraces some fifteen
thousand persons, emigrants or their children,
from the United States, with a large native popu-
lation, held in subjection and already won 'to-
ward civilization, amounting to more than two
hundred thousand souls.
_ Tho argument for treaties with two countries
like these is strong, without pursuing the inquiry
further. But it becomes irresistible when we con-
sider the positive demands of our commerce in
these quarters. Even in spite of coldness, neglect,
and injustice, our commercial relations with these
countries have grown to a great importance. If
assured of the customary protectioo afforded by
treaties and the watchful presence of a diplomatic
representative, they must become of greater im-
portance still.
I have in my hands a tabular statement of the
commerce and navigation of the United Stales
with foreign countries, arranged in order accord-
ing to their amount, so that the country with the
largest commercial intercourse stands first. This
authentic statement has been prepared under my
directions at the Treasury Dcpuitment for this
occasion. It will be found most interesting and
instructive. It is, however, too minute to be read j
in debute. Here, under one head, will be found the !
exports from the United States; under anotherhcad j
the imports; and under other heads the number !
of ships and tonnage; the whole so classified that i
wo may see at a glance the iclative importance of !
foreign countries in their commercial relations
with the United States. Such a statement is in
itself an argument.
It is m order to exhibit the precise position of
Hayti and Liberia in the scale that I have intro-
duced this table. When it is said thatout of sixty
countries Hayti stands the twenty-seventh, and Li-
beria at least helps to make the twenty-ninth, this
is not enough. It must be observed that there
are no less than nine countries, like Canada and
Cuba, which, though enumerated separately, yet
belong to othernationalities. If these arc excluded,
or added to their proper nationalities, Hayti will
rank as the sixteenth, and Liberia will take her
place under the eighteenth. But if we examine this
table in its details, we shall find the important rel-
ative position of these two countries amply sus-
tained. Confining ourselves for the present to
Hayti, we have these remarkable results.
Hayti, in the exports which she receives from
us, stands next to Russia. The exports to Hayti
are $2,673,682; while those to Russia amount to
$2,744,219. But the imports from Hayti are
$2,062,723, while those from Russia are only
§1,532,190. In the number of vessels employee!
Hayti is much the most important to us. Only
88 vessels are employed between the United States
and Russia, while 490 vessels, with correspond-
ing tonnage, are employed between the United
States and Hayti. So that, in the importance of
commercial relations, Hayti stands above Russia,
where we have always been represented by a
minister plenipotentiary of the highest class, with
a secretary of legation, and have at this moment
no less than eight consuls besides.
It appears from the table that there are no less than
thirteen countries with which the United States
maintain diplomatic relations, although lower than
Hayti in the scale of commerce and navigation.
But this is not all. In point of fact, there are no
less than eight other countries, where we are now
represented by a minister resident, which do not
appear in any commercial tables. I refer to Swit-
zerland, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Hon-'
duras, the Argentine Confederation, Paraguay,
and Bolivia. So that there are twenty-one coun-
tries of less commercial importance than Hayti,
with which the United States are now in diplo-
matic relations.
The exports to Austria, (including Venice,)
where we aie represented by a minister plenipo-
tentiary of the first class, with a secretary of lega-
tion, and four consuls, are less than one half of
our exports to Hayti, while the number of ships
in this commerce is only 45, being 450 less than
in our commerce with Hayti. The exports to
Peru, where we are represented also by a minis-
ter of the first class, with a secretary of legation
and five consuls, arc still less than those to Aus-
tria.
Hayti, in this scale of commerce and naviga-
tion, stands above Sweden, Turkey, Central,
America, Portugal, the Papal States, Japan, Den-
mark, Prussia, and Ecuador, where we are rep-
resented by ministers icsident. It also stands
above the Sandwich Islands, where we are repre-
sented by a commissioner. Out of these countries
there aie several whose united commerce with the
United States is inferior to that of Hayti. This
is the case with Turkey, Portugal, Denmark, and
Prussia, which altogether do not equal Hayti in
commercial relations with our country.
Our exports to Tuikey in Europe and Turkey
in Asia combined are nearly two millions less than
tollayti; and yet, with this Mohammedan Gov-
ernment we have felt it important within a few
weeks to negotiate a treaty of commerce.
The commerce with China is among the most
valuable we possess, and the ships engaged in it
are of a large size; but in number they are inferior
to those engaged in the trade with Hayti. And
yet at China we have a minister of the first class,
with a salary of $12,000, an interpreter with a
salary of $5,000, two consuls, with salaries each
of $ 1,000, one other con sul, wi th a salai y of $3,500,
two other consuls with salaries each of§3,000,and
two other consuls paid by fees.
Perhaps the comparison between Hayti and the
Sandwich Islands is the most instructive. Both
arc islands, independent in government. Hayti
has a population of 600,000; the Sandwich Islands
i have a population of little more than 70,000. The
| exports to Hayti, as we have already seen, are
$2,673,682, while the expoits to the Sandwich
Islands are only §747,462. And the difference in
navigation is us great, fn commercc with Hayti
there are 489 ships, with an aggregate of 82,360
tons, while in commerce with the Sandwich Isl-
ands there are only 85 ships, with an aggregate
of 35,368 tons. And yet, at the Sandwich Islands,
with this inferior population, inferior commerce,
and inferior navigation, we are represented by a
commissioner, with a salary of $7,500, one consul
with a salary of $4,000, another consul with a
salary of $3,000, and still another who is paid by
fees.
Nor is the interest in the trade with Hayti con-
fined to any particular State or section of the Uni-
ted States. Fromotherauthentictablesitappears
that the New England States send fish and cheap
cottons; Pennsylvania and the western States
send pork; Vermont, New York, Ohio, and Illi-
nois send beef, butter, and cheese; Philadelphia
and Boston send soap and candles; while Maine
sends lumber, and southern States, in times past,
have sent rice and tobacco.
Offish, Hayti took from us in 1860, 55,652 cwt.,
being much more than was taken by any other
country except Cuba, which took 59,719 cwt.;
and much more than was taken by all the rest of
the West Indies. Of cotton manufactures, Hayti
took from us goods to the value of $228,000, being
more than was taken by many other countries to-
gether, and much more than was taken by Cuba
and Porto Rico together, the two remaining, but
most valuable American possessions of Spain. Of
butter, Hayti took 211,644 pounds; of cheese,
121,137 pounds; of lard, 675,163 pounds. But of
soap she took 2,602,132 pounds, being more than
twice as much as was taken by any other country.
Cuba, which stands next, took only 867,823
pounds, while Mexico took only 66,874 pounds.
Such are some of the articles, and I mention
them that you may see the distribution of this
commerce in our own country, as well as the ex-
tent to which, though pursued under difficulties,
it has already gone. (Sec Report of Secretary of
Treasury on Commerce and Navigation for 1860,
Statement No. 1.)
The practical advantages to be derived from the
recognition of Hayti were directly urged upon oar
Government by one of its agents, even under the
unfriendly administration of President Pierce. I
refer to the consular return of John L. Wilson,
commercial agent at Cape Haytien, under date of
June 5, 1854, as follows:
" By a recognition of the independence of Hayti, our com-
merce would be likely to advance still more. Ourcitizons
trading theic would enjoy moie privileges, besides standing
on a better fooling. Many deculcd advantages might aho be
obtained thiough U ealy, and our own Government e.xeieisc a
wholesome iniluenee over theirs, of which it stands much
in need.''—Commercial Relations, vol. 4, p. 509.
Of course, this is to be regarded as testimony;
and, when we consider his political relations, testi-
mony from an unwilling witness. But there is
other testimony of a similar character. In the
text of the elaborate report by the Department of
State, from which the above is taken, will be
found the following weighty opinion:
" There being no tieaty between the United States and
Hayti, the commerce between the two countries is gov-
ei ned by such local laws and regulations as may from time
to time be enacted. These are always subject to changes
and alteianonss, sometimes so sudden—deciees of to-day
superseding the laws infnme but yesteiday—that commer-
cial mtere&ts, especially those of the United States, have
been in man> instances mon seriously affected.V—Com-
mercial Relations, vol. 1, p. 559.
It appears that as late as June 25, 1850, a law
was in foicc subjecting the vessels of all countries
thut had not acknowledged the independence of
Hayti to an additional duty of ten per cent. Amer-
ican vessels, being within the operation of this law,
could not compete with the vessels of other na-
tions which had satisfied its requirements, even
in expoiting to Hayti our own staples. Then,
again, there was a tariff, which took effect in Jan-
uary, 1850, according to which certain articles
were not to be sold above certain fixed prices, the
effect of which was to make a most injurious dis-
crimination against our trade. A dispatch from
Aux Cayes at that period to the Department of
State, says: " While the citizens of France are
scarcely affected in their importations to Hayti,
the Americans here import, and our merchants at
home export, scarcely any article that is free."
(Commercial Relations, vol. I, p. 560.) And yet,
in the face of these annoyances, and notwithstand-
ing the embarrassments which they must have oc-
casioned, our merchants have secured at least one
moiety of the foreign trade of Hayti. With the
same encouragements which we give to our rela-
tions with other countries, it cannot be doubted
that we snail enjoy a much larger proportion.
It any additional motive were needed, it might
