THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, -D. C.
    — t    — ^   
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d-Sessiok.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1862.
New Series No.'48.
stranger outside of his native State of Virginia,
though well known there. By the ostracism of
political opinion, he has been hitherto excluded
from'national affairs. Jble is in this rcspect like
many other men in all our States who have high
repute at home, and are only prevented from having
high repute the country over simply because it has
not happened to them to participate in the Federal
Government. But he is known and appreciated
at home. For twenty years and more he has been
a member of the Legislature of Virginia. He was
a member of that body-when these difficulties broke
out, and when rebellion reared its head last win-
ter in Virginia. We all remember how much was
heard last winter on the subject of coercion. There
was a certain class of men in the secession States
who were very apprehensive of coercion. When
the commander of Fortress Monroe, in the ordi-
nary practice of his artillerists, turned his barbette
guns inward, instead of seaward, a great cry was
raised that Virginia had been coerced at the mouth
of the cannon of Fortress Monroe. Shortly after-
wards, when the Ordnance department in this city
directed certain guns that had been contracted for
several years before at the Bellona arsenal to be
removed from there to Fortress Monroe, that the
contractor might receive his pay, a cry went up
throughout that class of people that Virginia was
to be coerced. A joint resolution was introduced
in the Senate of that State, then in session, in-
structing the Governor to seize on these guns, and
to hold them in the name of Virginia; but being
a little too honest to steal, and too modest to rob,
he was to pay the United States their proper and
just value. That resolution passed the Seriate.
It came into the House, of which the present ap-
plicant was then a member. He opposed it in a
speech, a copy of which I hold in my hand, and
which I wish could now be read, in the light of
subsequent events, by every man in the State of
Virginia. He says:
a I call you, to witness, Mr. Speaker, that hitherto I have
been strictly silent as to the great questions of Federal im-
port that have been discussed off and on during the session;
but the extraoidinary lesolutions which have been sent us
from the Senate forbid my longer silence. They duect the
Governor to seize and hold, by mihtaiy foice, the propeity
of the United States, and F cannot sustain them. I would
—so help me God!—sooner die in my seat than cast my
vote for them."
I would ask the attention of the House, Mr.
Speaker, to a single passage that occurs in that
address, if the House will indulge me in the in-
troduction of matter which, after all, may not per-
haps be wholly irrelevant:
" Pcaccable secession—secession without war! You can
no moie have it than you can crush in the rack every limb
and bone of the human fiame without agonizing the muti-
lated trunk. 'Pcaccable secession,' haul Mi. Webster,
1 peaceable secession ! Sir,5 continued the great expounder,
i your eyes and mine arc not destined to see that muacle.
The dismemberment of this vast country without convul-
sion ! The breaking up of the gioat fountains of the deep
without ruffling the surface!' No! Secede when you will,
you will,have war in all its horrors. Thero is no escap.:.
The Piesidentof the United States is swoiu to see that the
laws be faithfully executed, and he must and will—as Gen-
eial Washington did, und as Geneial Jackson would have
done in I8u3—use the Aimy and the Navy and the militia
to execute the laws and defend the Government. If he docs
not, he wilt he a perjured man. besides, you cannot bnn!£
the people of thc'South to a perfect union Un secession.
Theie aie those—and * their name is legion'—whom no in-
timidation can duve into the disunion ranks. They love
the old Union whieli their fatheis tiansmitted to them, and
undci which their country has become gient, and under
winch they and their children have been and liappy.
Circunwtancomnay repress their sentiments for a while, but
in their hcaits they love the Union ; and the first hour they
shall be! ice to speak and to act, they will gather under and
scud up their joyous .-bout* for tho rtars and strip"--. Tlioy
will nor fignt with you against the lkur; so that 1 here mu t
be a double war— aFedeial war and a war among om selves.
And it may be that whole States ma\ ielusc to join in the
bticession movement, (which i-s mo->t piobahlc,) ami then
we shall witness the revolting spectacle of one southern
State warring against and m deadly conflict with anothei;
and then, ala*! will be ovet our unhappy countiy u reign of
terror none the less ten die than that winch deluged with
blood and strewed with carnage revolutionary Fiance."1
Mr. Speaker, had that been written after the
events of the summer and autumn, it could not
have^ more truly characterized and depicted the
condition of tilings that has come to pass in cer-
tain portions of the southern States—in the State
48
of Missouri, and in the neighboring State of Ken-
tucky. That speech was delivered on the 30th
of March, 1861, less than two weeks before the
fall of Fort Sumter. The bandogs of secession
were put on his track; and from that day to this
the author of those sentiments has been a refugee
from his native State. Do you wonder that the
loyal men there love him? Do you wonder that
they were eager to secure him a position here as
their Representative in this House? Do you
wonder that they follow him with their letters,
requesting and urging his admission here ? .Do you
wonder that when the eastern shore of his district—
Accomae and Northampton counties—is disen-
thralled by the entrance of our troops, the people
held a voluntary election and sent a return of it
here, not as evidence of the original vote, but as
supplementary evidenccof a persuasive character,
to show that he is the choice of the loyal men of
his district.
Let me now, Mr. Speaker, invite the attention
of the House to another short paragraph that
speaks for itself, and requires no comment from
me.
"Joseph Seoar.—The Raleigh Register, noticing a state-
ment that comes from Yankee land that Joseph Sogai, of
Elizabeth City, has been elected to the Yankee Congress,
says : ' Hut tor the lies told by this twister, whose morals
aie as oblique as his vision, Forties? Monroe would now
be in possession of the South. When it was reported in
Richmond last winter that the gariison at the fort were en-
gaged in mounting guns and pointing them inland, Segar,
who owns the hotel at Old Point, wiote a letter positively
denying the truth of the leport. As Sugar's true chaiaeter
was not known at the time, and as lie had for many years
been a. prominent member of tho House of Delegates, his
statement was believed and appieherision quieted. In all
probability, but for thi* false statement of Segar, the Vir-
ginians would have seized the (ortbefoie it couldhave been
lemfoieed."
Do you wonder, Mr. Speaker, that such a man
is hated by the enemies of his country and loved
by its friends? Do you wonder that they are eager
to be heard in this House through such a Repre-
sentative ? I have said that he was a refugee. He
is, to some extent, a voluntary exile. The absence
of such a man from the State was an emphatic re-
buke to the treason that was in it. So did the trai-
tors know. Approaching him through a relative,
they besought his return, on conditions which were
prescribed—conditions, physically, that wore not
very hard to comply with. To that application
he addressed a reply on the 3d of November, dated
in the city of Boston. One paragraph from that
reply I ask permission, still further, to present:
"My Dear" x > You uiee me, on account
of my di^uosbod wife and ehildien, to loturn to Vnguiia, if
I can possibly ; and with characteristic£renL rosity yon oflei
to divide with them and ineyourhumbie home. God knows
that, next to peace for our afflicted country, the fondest wi^>h
of myhen.it is to be once inoic with the lovod ones who, as
yon so truly s,ay, once made my home so happv. But we
can novei meet on the soil of oui native land, at lea>t dur-
ing the continuance of this unhappy war; nor shall we evi-j,
save on some blessed ^pot where waves that proud emblem
of piotectirsg powei, the stars and stupes.
SkAil coiiMdeiauons of mere pei'-oual safety aMde, the
conditions on winch 1 am advised I may lotnm to Virginia !
and hp safe, me totally inadmissible.
" Those conditions me, hr>t, that I co bv flag of liuce to
Norloik, and then: obtain fiom Geneial linger a guard of
pioteetion; secondly, that under that guaid I proceed to
Richmond, and theie take the oath of allegiance to Vireinia
betoie Govt) nor Letcher; and, thndly, that! also take there
the oath of dUesjuuieo to the confederate States of America.
uIrcgiet that I find it impo-Mblo to comply with these
hardteims. lean accept no gumdriom Geneial Ilugcr, 1101
fiom any one eNe who daies, in the land of Washington
and Ilemy, uplift the flajjot the confederate States. When
I tread the soil of Virginia, I must tiead it tree as the aii I
quaff, with no guard to make me feel the humiliation of a
craven >lave, with 4 none tv> m^ke me afiaid.: "
I am only sorry that both these documents are
not in such a foim as that they could be presented
to the mind of the people of Virginia, as well as of
other secession States. He has alluded—and he
could hardly do loss—to the destruction by rebel
troops of his beautiful residence at Hampton in the
eastern pait of the State. He was exiled, plundered,
his property destroyed, all because he preferred to
be ioyal rather than to be a traitor. Is it to be won-
dered at that the loyal men of his district desire to
be represented by him? I regard this asevidence
that he is a proper Representative of the loyal,
sound men of his district. This is outside evi-
dence whichconfirmsitmostemphatieixUy. Therfe
is the certificate of the Governor, under the seal
of the State, affirming that the forms of" the Jaw
have been complied with in the election of Mr.
Segar, and that he is the legally elected Represent-
ative from that district. And I submit—I do it
most earnestly, kindly, and I hope in no disre-
spectful manner—that wo owe it not merely to
his constituency and to him, but to ourselves and
to the country, to admit him with a joyous wel-
come into our counsels,
I have already, Mr, Speaker, consumed more
time than I ought to have done, and seeing my
venerable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] ready to obtain the floor, who will bring to
this discussion the benefit of his ripe experience,
I yield to him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise for the purpose of indulging in any general der
bate upon this subject, but merely for the purpose
of making a suggestion in reference to one point
of law presented in the report of the Committee
of Elections as to the power of a convention to
prescribe the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections for members of Congress. The point
was mode that this election was held under the
order of a convention which was then held, and
that the election was therefore irregular and.void.
Mr. Speaker, this, at least, is a very nice dis-
tinction. The power with which a convention is
clothed is the sovereign power of the people, The
extent to which it may go, and the limits that di-
vide it from the ordinary legislative power, is a
very nice and uncertain one. Why cannot a con-
vention consider the election of members of Con-
gress as of importance enough to be regulated by
the fundamental law of the land, and give to it a
place in the constitution? And will not that, in
a liberal and just sense, be a compliance with the
provision of the Constitution of the United States
which requires that the rules and regulations for
holding such an election in a State shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislature thereof? It is, in the
highest sense of the term, if we will not allow
ouiselves to be embarrassed by the names tf con-
vention" and " legislature"—it is, in the highest
possible sense, the legislative power of the people.
But what was the object in putting this provis-
ion into the Constitution of the United States? It
was to give to tho States the power of regulating
and conducting those elections. The use of the
term " legislature," in that connection, should, I
think, be taken in the most broad and general
sense. There ought to be no difficulty in a time
like this in recognizing theauthority of aconven-
tion in a matter of this description. It is a ques-
tion which it seems to me should be decided by
the proper authority of the State. In tkM Supreme
Court of the United States the rule laid down, and
invariably followed, is to go with the decisionsof
the State courts in the construction of State law.
Else infinite difficulty will arise from the laws of
the State being construed one way by the supreme
court of that State, and another way by the Su-
preme Court of the United States. The Supreme
Court of the United States have, in their wisdom,
therefore, adopted the State construction of aState
law.
Well, sir, in determining the question whether
the act of the convention in this instance complies:
with the action of Congress and with the require-
ments of the Constitution m regat d to this election,
itseemsto me our construction of the law in thisre-
spectshuuld followthesameprmciple. Thejudges
of the courts are ordinarily the eonstruers of law;
but there are laws that require executive construc-
tion. The Governor of a State is the authority in
whom is vested the right of saying whether'an
election was legal and valid. If the election be held
upon improper authority, or upon no authority,
it is the duty of the Governor to give no certificate.
But the Governor in this instance gave a certificate
that! his gentleman was legally elected. Now, shall
we differ with him upon the question of a Virginia
understanding of a Virginia law as to what was a
compliance with the requirements of the Consti-
tution of the United States, as to whether a con-
