754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
vention in a fair and liberal sense of the Constitu-
tion was a legislature? Shall we undertake to
overrule the decision upon a matter committed to
him, after he has given, in accordance with the
forms of law, under the broad seal of the State, a
certificate under his authority that this gentleman
was regularly and legally elected?
If the election be subject to impeachment upon
any ground of fraud in the -conduct of it, that is
another matter to be considered in our action. I
will not undertake to say that this question of
legality may not be properly canvassed and de-
cided here, but we ought to do it with great for-
bearance. We ought to render great deference
to the decision of the Governor upon the question
of Virginia law. Did the people of Virginia un-
derstand, when they elected that convention that
they gave to it power to arrange anything that
was proper pertaining to the government of the
State? The Governor says they did. The Gov-
ernor says in fact that the convention was a legis-
lature, the chief and' highest form of legislative
authority—the highest power within the State,
the sovereign power of the people. They have
decided the extent of their own power, and will
we undertake to overrule that? That convention
has decidcd that it had the power to order this
election, and to prescribe the mode of conducting
it. They have done it, thus affirming that to be
a power granted to them by the people. Is it our
business to step in and overrule that decision of
a convention of the people, and say that they have
not legislative power, that it was not a legislature
as well as a convention, or that the legislative
power is notincludedin the great sovereign power
of the people? Speaking modestly upon this
subject, \ submit that it is our duty to respect,
the decision of this Governor and this conven-
tion.
This is about all, Mr. Speaker, that I proposed
to offer upon this case, and I have not desired to
argue it m what I have said so much as to make
a suggestion for the consideration of other gen-
tlemen. It seems to me that we should respect
the great seal of this renowned, regenerated State,
and respect this election. Do gentlemen remem-
ber that all the State of New Jersey was in a ilarne
when the great seal of that Slate certifying that
A, B, and & were elected as members of Congress,
was disregarded, and the members so certified as
elected refused their seats? That, too, was a case
in which the action of the House was to some ex-
tent in consequence of the allegation of fraud m
the election, and of other questions of fact in ref-
erence to the election. But here is a stronger case,
so far as regards the question to which 1 have ad-
vened. In this case there is no imputation of
fiaud, there is no question of fact involved.
But, Mr. Speaker, them i.s another thing to be re-
membered. Even in eourts of law, whet e, as it is
supposed, the most (echniea! rule of proceeding id
observed, there are cases in the early settlement
of States in which much infoi mality is overlooked.
I rccollectvUtthis moment, one in the State of Ohio,
in which me record of the judgment rendered was
so brief, so irregular, and so unsatisfactory that
you could not make out, except by the most lib-
eral inteipretation, that the judgment appeared
upon the record at ail. It was brought up at a
late day for revision by the Supreme Court of the
United States, and that court decided to overlook
these irregularities in a decision made in the in-
fancy of the State, in its first settlement, when the
country was wild and unsettled, and when com-
petent men could not always be found to preside
in courts of justice, render formal decisions, and
make up a perfect record. They said they must
consider the state of the country at the time.
And so,in a great case in which more than one
hundred and seventy thousand d ollars was at stake
with the heirs of a certain gentleman m the city
of Philadelphia—I do not remember the name—
there was a judgment given against the United
States contrary to law. The United States sued
theexecutorfortheamount. Theexecutorcluimed
as an offset a balance due him by the United States.
The record was so brief that no formal judgment
whatever appeared to have been rendered. There
was nothing whatever to show that the United
States was indebted to this man, yet upon an in-
vestigation it appeared that the claim of the execu-
tor was well founded,and the money was awarded
and paid. Notwithstanding the want of formal-
ity in the judgment, they did sustain it, and you
paid out one hundred and seventy or one hundred
and eighty thousand dollars upon it.
I therefore say that we ought to look with an
indulgent eye upon the proceedings of States in a
convulsion of revolution, where a few loyal men
are bravely struggling to maintain the Union,
and where the laws are all in conflict. In this day
of rebellion and of anarchy and confusion we see
Virginia making an effort to sustain her relations
with this Government, and to maintain the Union
and the Constitution, One of the first acts of her
resurrection from chaos was to order this election.
But you say that it is not regular, that it is not
in conformity with law. You say that the Gov-
ernor has omittedsome matter. You say that this
gentleman was not elected. You say that the
convention had not the legislative power that the
people said it had. Upon these grounds, regard-
less of the difficulties, regardless of the struggles
in which Virginia was then engaged; when arms
and not laws were in the ascendant; when they
were struggling to prevent the laws from being
silent in the midst of arms—upon the grounds
mentioned it is asked that we shall reject this ap-
plication. I hold, on the contrary, that the con-
vention was competent for the purpose of order-
ing this election, and that the people who returned
the memorialist made a lawful election.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it the purpose of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to call for the previous
question, and to close the debate?
Mr. DAWES. This debate has gone on as far
as I thought useful. I do not want to cut off any
gentleman, however, from expressing his views.
Still, if the gentleman will look at it he will see
that there must besome limit to this debate. Thus
far everything that has been said upon this sub-
ject has been said on the part of the memorialist.
No person has occupied any portion of the time
of the House in favor of the adoption of the con-
clusion of the Committee of Elections. 1 think
that the matter is fully before the House; but if
the llouse is not impatient, I am not. I will yield
to the gentleman from Vuginia.
Mr. BROWN,of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I am
from Virginia, and I desire to make a few remark?
on this case. Yesterday I listened with a great
deal of attention to the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Elections, whose acquaintance I
have not had the honor to make, and from his
frankness and candor, I was led to propound an
interrogatoi y to him when he concluded Ins argu-
ment. 1 understood him to say that his princi-
pal objection was the irregularity of this election;
that there ought to have been a wiit of election
issued by the government authorizing the elec-
tion to be. held. If the gentleman will look to
the laws of Virginia, he will And that the writ of
election there spoken of is where a vacancy oc-
curs. The legislators of Virginia never dreamed
of such a ease as the one now before us, and they,
of course, made no provision for any such case.
There was no law piovuhng for the case that arose
in Virginia. Now, 1 will put this question to htm
as a lawyer, and 1 know fioni the niannei in which
he aigued the ease yesterday that he is a sound
one: if the convention at Wheeling had the power,
from the necessity which existed, to icorganize
the government of Virginia, was not there an equal
necessity for passing a law without which no Rep-
resentatives could come here? Had the necessity
ceased when the convention provided a provis-
ional government and ordered a Legislature to
assemble? Were the people of Virginia to be
without representation here? Were we to be left
without an election law, when there was a con-
vention assembled for the purpose of making one?
It wa.s necessary, in order to put Virginia again in
its full relations with the Federal Government
I am satisfied that a convention, unless tram-
meled by the terms of the law creating it, has
unlimited legislative powers. The Constitution
is nothing but aiule of action prescribed by the
people themselves. The ordinary Legislature is
forbidden to interferexwith it. Where rhe conven-
tion is not prohibited from doing anything, they
[| have the right to legislate upon anything. They
| have the consideiation of impoi tantxubjects, such
, as arc not intrustrd to the ordinary Legislature.
I had the honor, if honor it can be called, of being
a member of the lebel State convention In the
organization of that convention the people put a
restriction upon its action. The law organizing
that convention directed that it should not have
the power of passing any ordinance, changing the
relations of the people of Virginia with the United
States. The election for members of that conven-
ffon took place, and tlie people of Virginia were
almost unanimous in declaring that that conven-
tion should not have the power of passing any
ordinance changing the relations of the State of
Virginia with this Government, unless it was
provided that it should be submitted to them for
ratification or rejection. That convention, when
it assembled, passed three ordinances that did
change the relation of the people of Virginia with
the Federal Government. First, it proposed the
ordinance of secession ; secondly, it passed an
ordinance forbidding the people to elect any Rep-
resentatives to this Congress ; and thirdly and
lastly, an ordinance transferring the military
power of Virginia to the southern confederacy.
All three of these ordinances were expressly
forbidden by the people of Virginia when they
created the convention, and when they elected
members to that convention. Not one of them
had even the form of law, or were entitled to any
effect until they were ratified by the people. One
of the ordinances was sent to the people—the one
called the ordinance of secession. The ordinance
forbidding the holding of elections for Congress
was not sent to the people, and neither was the
one transferung Virginia to the southern confed-
eracy. Immediately after the passage of the ordi-
nance of secession, parties in Virginia were organ-
ized in a new form. In almost every district the
secessionists nominated candidates for the confed-
erate congress, and the Union men nominated can-
didates for this Congress. Then the convention
nt Richmond, for the wicked purpose of prevent-
ing a canvass in Virginia, passed an ordinance
forbidding elections for this Congress, and mak-
ing it treason for any person elected to take his
seat in this body. The Wheeling distuct was the
only district in Virginia that was not intimidated
on the 23d day of May last. In that district no
southern troops had yet arrived, although they
had arrived m the next district. In the Wheeling
district the vote against the ordinance of secession
was almost unanimous, and the member of Con-
gress was elected by almost fifteen thousand ma-
jority.
Now. sir, I want to compare for a niomentthe
district of Mr. Segar with the Wheeling district.
One is called the pan-handle of the East, and the
other the pan-handle of the West. The people
of the gentleman's district weie intimidated and
duied not go to the polls on the day fixed for the
election. They were kept away from the polls
and from exercising the right of suffrage by bands
of armed men, who obeyed the high behests of
the ivbel convention at Richmond. But subse-
quently,and while the icbels still held possession
of that district, these loyal people did hold an
election and return Mr. Segar to this Congress.
That district is now represented m the rebel con-
gress. I do not know how many votes that Rep-
resentative received. And the Wheeling district
is also represented at Richmond, although it has
fewer secessionists in it than there are m many
of the districts in the North. Mr. Charles W.
Russell is that repi esentative, and he was elected
not m the district, but in Virginia, by some few
refugees who were there. There was one county
in the district from which the claimant now hails
in which the loyal men could meet. They did
meet, and met in pursuance of the proclamation
of the Governor, issued m pursuance of the ordi-
nance of the convention which bad put the loyal
government of Virginia in motion. They met
and held their election regularly according to ap-
pointment. The conductors of that election cer-
tified the result in the ordinary forms in which
elections were certified in Virginia.
Now, sir, a loyal Representative, as we term it,
' comes here with a certificate of an election held
I within his own district, and asks us to admit him.
I Nobody complains; no loyal man from the east-
' em shore complains of ins taking that seat. Sir,
I I do not want to tell you that there arc only twenty-
; five loyal men m that district. I want to call the
; attention of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
j sachusotts, [Mr. Dawks,] the chairman of the
| Committee of Elections, to the fnet that since Ac-
comae and Northampton, the two counties lying
north of the bay, have been rescuedtfrom southern
arms and from southern terror, they have elected
