1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23.
trated so> completely the relative importance of
Hayfif, areless precise with regard to Liberia, in-
asiiYmch a;s this republic, owing to unhappy pre-
judices in recent Administrations, was not allowed
a separate'place in the tables, but was concealed
under the head of " other ports in Africa." But
from authentic sources I learn that the exports
from the single port of Monrovia for the year
I860, amounted to near $200,000, while those from
the whole republic amounted to as much as
$400,000.
"1 forbear from entering into details with regard
to the commerce of Liberia. It is enough that it
is>already considerable, and that it is increasing
in value. Already Great Britain, by a treaty, and
the cultivation of friendly relations, has done
something to divert this commerce from the Uni-
ted States. But it is not too late for us also to enter
into a treaty, and to establish similar friendly re-
lations. If beyond the impulse of self-interest we
needed anything to quicken us, we should find it in
the example of Henry Clay, who, in a letter dated
Ashland, October 18, 1851, uses those positive
words:
" I have thought for years that the independence of Li-
beria ought to be recognized by our Government, and 1 have
frequently urged it upon persons connected with the Ad-
miniatiation, and 1 shall continue to do so if I have suita-
ble opportunities."
In taking this step, and entering in to a treaty with
Liberia, we shall only follow the example of the
larger part of the commercial nations of the globe.
Nor c&n I doubt that wc shall m this way essen-
tially promote ourown commercial interests. Li-
beria is so situated, that, with the favor of our
Government, it may become the metropolitan
Power on the whole African coast, so that the
growing commerce of that continent will be to a
great degree in its hands.
I do not dwell atlcngth on the advantages which
will proceed from the recognition of these two
Governments, nor do I enlarge on the motives of
justice. I mean to state the case simply, without
introducing any topic which can justly causc de-
bate in this body. It is enough that the acknowl-
edgment is required for ourown good. Happily,
in benefiting ourselves, we shall promote the inter-
ests of others.
But there is one consequence which 1 cannot
forbear to specify. Emigrants to these republics
will be multiplied by such a recognition. But
every emigrant, when happily established, will
create an additional domanu for the productions
of our commerce, and contribute to the number
of American keels which plow the ocean.
And there is yet one other consequence, which
ought expressly to be presented. Our commerce
will at once be put under the solemn safeguard of
treaties, so that it will enjoy that security which
is essential to its perfect prosperity, and can no
longer suffer from discriminating duties or hostile
legislation, aroused by a just sensibility at our
persevering illiberally. If you would have such
treaties, you must begin by an acknowledgment
of independence.
Sir, there is one business only which can suf-
fer by this measure. I mean that of counterfeit
money. You know, sir, that by a familiar rule of
international law, declared by the Supreme Court
of the United States, (ICensett vs. Chambers, 14
Howard's Reports, 38,) it belongs exclusively to
the political department of the Government to
determine our relations with a foreign country.
And, since our Government has refused to ac-
knowledge Ilay ti, our courts of justice have been
obliged to do so likewise; and when criminals
have been a\raigned for counterfeiting the money
of Hayti, they have dcchned all jurisdiction of
the offense. As Hayti was not a nation, it could
not have money. Such has been the reasoning,
and the counterfeiters have gone free. It is said
thatduring the post thirty years millions of false
dollars have in this way been put in circulation. A j
case has occurred only recently, where the eoun- [
terfeiter was promptly discharged, while the wit- j
ness seemed alone to be in danger. Surely, it is |
time that such an outrage should he stopped. j
It may be said that the same objects might be
obtained by consuls, instead of commissioners.
But it is clear that it has not been the habit of the
United States to enter upon negotiations and open
friendly relations with foreign States through
consuls. And it is also clear that, according to the
usage of nations, consuls would not be entitled to
the same consideration with diplomatic represent-
atives. Their influence would be less, whether
in dealing with the Government to which they
were addressed, or with the representatives of
other Powers at the same place. On this point I
content myself by reading the words of Mr.
Wheaton:
" Consuls are not public ministers. Whatever protection
they may be entitled to in the discharge of their official du-
ties, and whatever special ptivileges may be conferred upon
them by the local laws and usages, or by international com-
pact, they are not entitled, by the general law of nations, to
the peculiar immunities of embassadors. No State is bound
to permit the residence of foreign consuls, unless if has
stipulated, by convention,to receivethem. They ate to be
appiovedand admitted by the local sovereign, and, if guilty
of illegal or improper conduct, are liable to have the exe-
quatur which is granted them withdrawn, and maybe pun-
ished by the Iaw  of the State where they reside, or sent
back to their own countty, at the dbcietion of the Govei n-
ment which they have offended. In civil and criminal eases,
they are subject to the local law in the same manner with
other foreign lesidents owing a temporary allegiance to the
State."—-Wkcaton's Elements of International Law, p. 304.
It may be true that negotiations have sometimes
been conducted by consuls, but very rarely; and
the exceptions testify to the prevailing policy.
Ministers are the received agents of diplomacy.
Any other agent must be inferior in weight and
character. If this be true, and it is undeniable, it
is obvious that the objects now proposed can be
niost fitly and effectively accomplished only by
diplomatic representatives. And since what is
worth doingis worth well doing, I hope there will
be no hesitation on the present occasion. Here
again the example of the great Powers of Europe
may properly influence us. England, France, and
Spain all have diplomatic representatives at Hayti,
who are reputed to discharge their responsible
duties with activity and ability. Butnll these have
already the advantage of subsisting treaties. Our-
treaty remains to be negotiated. To do this in"
such a way as to secure for our various interests
all proper advantages must be our special aim.
Surely any further neglect to do this can be noth-
ing less than an open abandonment of these va-
rious interests. Too long already this sacrifice
has been made.
Mr. President, a full generation has passed
since the acknowledgment of Hayti was uiged
upon Congress. As an act of justice too long de-
ferred, it aroused even then the active sympathy
of multitudes, while as an act for the benefit of
our commerce it was ably commended by emi-
nent merchants of Boston and New York without
distinction of party. It received the authoritative
support of John Gtuincy Adams, whose vindica-
tion of Hayti was associated with his best labors
in the other House. The right of petition, which
he stead!.ustly maintained, was long ago estab-
lished. Slavery in the national capital is now
abolished. It remains that this other triumph
shall be achieved. Petitioners, who years ago
united in this prayer, and statesmen who pre-
sented the petitions, are dead. But they will all
live again in the good work which they generously
began.
Mr. President, tins is the statement I have to
make on this important question. As 1 know that
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] desires
to move an amendment to this bill, I shall not ask
a vote upon it to-day; but I move that its further
consideration be postponed until to-morrow at
half past twelve o'clock, when I hope wc may
have a vote upon it.
The motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
hill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of icbels
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have manifested
a great deal of interest in the bill which is under
consideration,and 1 have occupied a considerable
portion of time in its discussion. I have done so
from my deep convictions of the great importance
of the measure. In its extent and in the magnitude
of material interests involved by if, in its influence
upon the present and the future condition of the
whole country, if it should become a law and
should be carried into effect, and especially upon
my own State, in my judgment, it never has had
a parallel m any proposition that was ever pre-
sented in the Congress of the United States. In
the objections to its constitutionality, to its expe-
diency and policy, to its justice and practicability,
it is also without any parallel. That I have not
overstated or conceived too largely the great in-
terest of this bill, I will read a concluding sentence
of the speech made by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Trumbull,]
who reported it:
" I appeal to Senators as philanthropists, a5? patiiots, as
lovers of the Union and of constitutional liberty, not to let
pass this opportunity which a wicked rebellion presents of
making it the means of giving freedom to millions of the
human race, and thereby destroying to a gieat extent the
souice and origin of the rebellion, and the only thing which
has ever seriously threatened the peace of the Union."
I concluded yesterday,Mr. President, the view
of the constitutional objections which I conceived
to arise against the measure, and I will sum up
that argument now in a sentence or two. Con-
gress has, by the Constitu tion,expressly the power
to make war. Congress has, by the Constitution,
every necessary and proper power to carry that
expi^ss power to make war into execution. Now,
sir, what is the effect of these two provisions?
The whole war-making power, except so fai as is
involved the responsibility and the action of the
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the United
States and of his subordinates, is exclusively with
Congress. Congress, as auxiliary to that primary
and express power, has every necessary and in-
cidental power to give it full effect. How are those
incidental powers ascertained; how are they put
into active operation ? In no other form than by
the enactment of laws of Congress embodying
those powers. The idea of claiming from interna-
tional law, or from any other body of law outside
of the Constitution and the laws of Congress, an
auxiliary power to enable Congress to carry on
the war, before that power has been invoked by
Congress itself and embodied in the passage of a
law, to my mind, is perfectly preposterous and
absurd.
Congress has power to call out the militia of the
United States to suppress insurrection. That is a
primary and express power vested by the Consti-
tution in Congress. What powers have Congress
in connection with that .power and auxiliary to it?
It has the power to invoke every other necessary
and propei power to carry into complete opera-
tion and effect this power to call out the militia to
suppress insurrection; but how are those powers
to be ascertained and identified? Precisely in the
same'mode. Nopower,asincidentnl to the power
to suppress insurrection, can be available or can
be brought to the work of suppressing the in-
surrection until it is embodied by Congress in an
act as auxiliary to the main power of suppressing
the insurrection. I then reject and condemn as
heterodox entirely the principle that would invoke
the general war-making power as recognized by
international law, or any other law, to assist Con-
gress in suppressing insurrection until Congress
itself has adopted that power by the passage of a
law for that purpose. Whenever Congress puts
itself m that position and asks the agency and the
aid of any auxiliary power, the question imme-
diately arises, is that auxiliary power constitu-
tional or not? If, upon the examination of that
question, it is found to be in conflict with an
express provision of the Constitution, or if it is
incompatible with any right that is recognized
by the language of the Constitution, there is no
other conclusion than that such an act of Con-
gress would bo against the Constitution, the para-
mount law of the land, and would therefore be
void.
Mr. President, I will bring to my aid another
authority in support of these positions, an author-
ity that ought to challenge the respect of the abo-
lition members of this House at least, and of all
the abolition party,in or out of the Senate, in the
United States—the authority of Wendell Phillips.
I read from the Philadelphia Inquirer:
" One of the most powerful arguments ever made to piove
that slaveiy is sanctioned and piotected by the Constitution
of the (Jruted States wa=? made by Wendell Phillips, it is
because that is the law that, to use his own wotds, he has
advised his follower to ' disavow the Constitution' and 4 to
ti.unple it under foot;5 and it is because he lears that the
Piesident, Geneial McClellan, and our brave soldiers are
now battling to maintain, and not to subvert, that Constitu-
tion and the Union under it, that this itinerant mischief-
maker and disumonist is so abusive of the President, Gen-
eral McClellan, arid the mode in which the war is being
conducted. What! say jou, did Wendell Phillips ever
aigue that slavery was leiral and constitutional ? Yes. good
readei, he did, and we mean to ventilate his recoul of that
and of his secession doctrines.
"In or about 1843. one Ljs-ander Spoon er wrote an essay
to prove that slavery was unconstitutional; and in 1817,
I\Ir. Phillips took up the cudgels to belabor poor Spooner
and to convince the anti-slaverj public that the institution
of slavery was as much protected by the Constitution as
