2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
from Illinois, and with those who make the high-
eatfel&iros for Congress, and for the power of Con-
gress, and.for the duty of Congress; but as my
friend from Maine says, we have sat here nearly
seven months? and nothing has been done, or even
suggested, so far as I know.
*£here is a great power and force in the sugges-
tion that if the President wants us here he can call
«s back. I remember an occasion when we ad-
journed one day, and the President callcd us back
the,next day, or the next but one. Whenever
fchere is any emergency thatrequires us to be here,
weshall becalledback. Wehavesathere already
quite the usual time of the session, much longer
than Congress used to sit here a few years ago.
If there is a great amount of business to be done,
we ought to come here a little earlier in the day
to do it, and it will not be very grievous if the
committees meet at nine o'clock, and sit twice a
week instead of once. I think every consideration
which the Senator from Massachusetts has ad-
dressed to us, when viewed through a proper
medium, and from a proper stand-point, indicates
the necessity of meeting as early as eleven o 'clock,
if not earlier. . -
Mr. FOSTER. This seems to be a very im-
portant question, Mr. President. I have not had
time to make the preparation that perhaps the
importance of the question demands, and I must
therefore be brief. The vote on this question seems
to be a test of patriotism; and grave and distin-
guished Senators have given reasons for their votes
lest it should be understood that they might by
possibility be in favor of a hasty adjournment,
and in that way be considered as not properly dis-
charging the duty we all owe to our country. I
confess the question did not impress me so gravely
when it was suggested. I could not see how it
was distinguished from the same question that has
been brought before the Senate, 1 believe, always
in along session of Congress for many years past.
I have not had time since the question was pro-
posed to examine the precedents to any extent. I
have the Journal of two years ago before me, when
it appears that wc adopted this rule in the month
of May, a month earlier than it is proposed at
this session to fix the hour of meeting at eleven
instead of twelve o'clock. I apprehend if we look
back we shall find that almost always before this
period of the session we have fixed the time of
meting at eleven instead of twelve. Ido not think,
therefore, the country will take any alarm in con-
sequence of our changing the hour now from
twelve to eleven. I do not believe it will affect the
price of stocks, or the enlistments into the Army,
or disturb our foreign relations; nor do I believe
that the character really of any member of the
body will suffer specially if he should happen to
vote for changing the hour and fixing it at eleven.
I think no inference could fairly be derived from it
that the persons so voting were disposed to hasten
the business of the session through and leave it
really undone at the end. It seems to mc that
.such inferences would be altogether unwarrant-
able and unjust.
But, sir, if I should be wrong in all this, and if
voting for this early hour is after all some im-
peachment of a man's patriotism, or sense of duty
to his country, let me suggest another view, and
that is that if it is so important that this Congiess
is to continue in session indefinitely m respect to
the future, may we not build up a reasonable ar-
gument on the fact that jt js not only important
that our session should be prolonged, but that wc
should begin early in the day, tluit wc should be-
gin early, and keep on just as long as anybody
wants thatweshouldsit? Whynotbegin at eleven
o'clock, or ten o'clock even, instead of twelve,
for if prolonging the session is evidence of pa-
triotism, why is it not evidence of patriotism that
we begin at a very early hour in JLhe morning? I
see no reason why we may not build up some
reputation for patriotism, if that is really an ob-
ject of ambition here, by meeting at nine as our
State Legislatuies do, as the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire says, instead of eleven.
We can meet in the morning at nine o'clock,and
have a very respectable session in point of time
before twelve, and so on from day to day, and if
'there be such an amount of patriotism in having
Congress in session, let us keep it in session, and
not be idling our time here, either in committee
or elsewlicio, foi the public do notknow what wc
are doing in committee; while we are here in open
session the public are admitted, and it is then
known that Congress is in the performance of its
duties.
Really, Mr. President, I am at a loss to con-
ceive any grounds on which this change is a matter
of so much importance. It seems to me that we
might change the hour without all this parade.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a very interest-
ing and a very important subject, and I desire to
make a prolonged speech upon it, but as I should
like to have the morning hour for that purpose I
move that the Senate now adjourn.
Mr. TEN EYCKcalled for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 10, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Harlan, Howard, King,
Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wil-
—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, {"Mark, Col-
lamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Henderson, Lane of Kansas, Latham, IVlcDougall,
Morrill, Nesmith, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark, Ten Eyck,
Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have said noth-
ing further about this matter, but for the remark
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to save trouble
about that. [ probably misunderstood the gen-
tleman. I alluded not to what he said to-day, but
to what he said some week or two since, when I
understood him to lay down some very good rea-
son why Congress should not adjourn at all in
time of war, and especially of civil war. I thought
he laid down good reasons for it. It seems I was
entirely mistaken, and I take it all back, so as to
have no time taken up in answering my misap-
prehension.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
used the word " permanent," I think; and in re-
plying to something I had said, drew the inference
that I was for a permanent session; but as I had
said nothing of the kind, I was quite willing that
what I had said should speak for itself, and I was
not anxious to reply to the inference he had drawn
from the remarks I had nmde. When I have pre-
sented my own views, and am replied to by others,
in the way of argument, if they choose to draw
inferences from what I have said to base remarks
of their own upon, if they do not misrepresent
what I have said, I am not m the habit of reply-
ing to every argument which is made. A man
would have to be upon his feet all the time if he
did.
But my view in regard to the adjournment of
Congress is this: I think I said that in the present
condition of the country, when the fate of the
nation was at stake,* when it was questionable
whether the Government was not to be dismem-
bered even, I thought the Congress of the United
States ought not to adjourn. I think we ought to
have some policy, to see how things arc going on,
to get out of this critical position in which we are
placed before Congress goes away. These were
the views that I entertaintd, and therefore I was
not for an adjournment at this time.
In regard to the hour of meeting, my objection
to meeting at eleven o'clock is that wo can accom-
plish no more by it. I did not reply to what the
Senator from Maine said in regard to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary having had a bill under
consideration since February, and only reporting
it back to the Senate a few days ago. I supposed
that the people'of thecountry, if they should ever
take the trouble to read what was said here, would
undeistand that there would have been no good ob-
ject in reporting it back. They would sue from
this debate that this Congress had been in session
more hours than ever any Congress before sat.
They would see from it that members remained
here until they were worn out. They would learn
further from the debate that the Senator from
Maine hail bccome exhausted by his arduous la-
bois, and they would know, as he knows, that the
biin mg of that bill back into the Senate months
ago would have done no good. How could we
have considered it when he came in here day after
day, and week after week, announcing that the
Committee on Finance had a bill which they in-
sisted should be taken up, and when he rose and
gave notice that he should consider it his duty, as
chairman of the Committee on Finance, to call up
a particular bill on a given day ? He has always
been gratified in these matters. The Senate has
been occupied; have we not done all we could?
Would any one, would the Senator from Vermont,
or theSenatorfrom Maine, ormy industrious friend
from New Hampshire, who rises with the sun,
and who is always in his place, who wants to have
two sessions a day, and two committee meetings
a day, [laughter,] would even he have us remain
here more hours than we have this session? 1
supposed that everybody would understand that
if the bill in regard to the organization of govern-
ments of some sort in those districts of country
where our armies are successful had been reported
to the Senate, it could not have been considered.
There has been no opportunity to consider it.
Sir, it is not- because there is not business to do
that I would not meet at eleven o'clock; but it is
because I think we shall accomplish no more by
meeting at that hour. We already sit as many
hours as it is profitable for us to be together here.
Notwithstanding what is said by the Senator from
New Hampshiie, who being an early riser, and a
businessman, can accomplish morethan the rest of
us, others of us have a great deal of business to do
out of this Chamber. We have to go to the Depart-
ments. In connection with this war, the duties of
a member of this body are magnified many fold.
There is not a single day that! do not receive letters
requiring attention in connection with the Army;
and in order to get attention it becomes necessary,
sometimes, to go from one Department to another
and to see the subordinate officers. I know that
you may inclose the letter of your correspondent
to the head of the Department, and it will receive
attention, perhaps, in due time; but the heads of
Departments are now receiving letters by the
bushel; they are unable to read them; they have
to be turned over to clerks. Matters that require
immediate attention have to be seen to personally.
I have found it difficult, within a week, to reach
this body at twelve o'clock, after being as diligent
as I knew how to be during the whole morning.
I know too, sir, in regard to the committees,
that there has scarcely been a meeting of the Ju-
diciary Committee of the Senate this session that
we have got through with the business before us.
It is because I think it is injudicious to meet at
eleven o'clock, because I think it is not profitable
for us to be together more than five hours in this
Hall, that I am opposed to this resolution. I am
also opposed to it forthe reasonthat it is proposed
as a measure to bringaboutan early adjournment
of Congress, which at this time I admit I am
not for. I do not think the country is in a condi-
tion to justify our adjourning, or fixing a day of
adjourning, or putting ourselves in readiness to
adjourn. I know that when we shall have got
through with some of the important measures,
Senators will become anxious to getaway and the
pressure will he such that when theappropnations
are through I anticipate a speedy adjournment,
though I am opposed to it. The Senator from
Maine wants to meet at eleven o'clock, and we all
know he never wants to adjourn. He says to
the Senator from Massachusetts, who has stayed
here as many hours as himself, that he did not
stay willingly, that he had voted to adjourn. The,
Senator from Maine never votes to adjourn; the
dinner hour never comcs to him; he seems to be
one of those fortunate persons who can live with-
out food pretty much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If some of my friends
could, we should get along better with business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are not so fortunate as
the Senator from Maine. Manifestly he seldom
eats dinner; but those of us who have appetites
have to indulge them to a reasonable extent. But,
sir, I have taken up more time than I intended on
this question.*
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Anthony, Ca Iile, Clark. Collamer, Dix-
on, Doolittle, F&ssenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hen-
dciHon, Lane or" Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Me-
Douqall. Morrill, Nesmith, Powell, yaul&bury, Staik, Ten
Evelc. Willey, YVilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wright—26.
NAYS— Mesais. Biowmng, Chandler, Davis, Harlan,
Tlowaid, King. Pomeroy. Sunmei, Trumbull, and Wilmot
—30.
So the resolution was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. DfXON. There is a resolution on the table
from the House of Representatives, fixing this
day, the 16th of June, as the day of final adjourn-
ment. I propose to move to take up that resolu-
