THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL' PROCEEDINGS OF CONGBESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN' C. RIVES, WASHINGTON", J>. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1862.
New Series.,.,.No. 172.
tion, merely with a view of changing the day, and
then postponing it, say for two weeks, or for some
given time, merely for the purpose of keeping the
resolution alive, partly out of respect to the House
of Representatives, and partly because I think we
ought to act on it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe I was entitled
to the floor on the Pacific railroad bill according
to the understanding, and I yielded to the Senator
from New Hampshire for the purpose of allowing
him to move to take up the resolution which has
just been disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Calrfornia is correct. He is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Now, having yielded to
a motion which I supposed would only take a few
minutes and which has taken the whole afternoon,
I am not disposed 10 yield the floor a^ain unless
it should be for the purpose of an adjournment,
leaving me with the right to the floor at one o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to say to the Senator 
_Mr. McDOUGALL. The gentleman can make
his motion in the morning hour to-morrow; the
railroad bill will not come up till one o'clock.
Mr. DIXON. To-morrow will be too late to
, take up the resolution to Which I refer, because it
fixes this day, the 16th, as the day of adjournment.
Mt. McDOUGALL. Then it falls, and a new
resolution is necessary.
Mr. DIXON. What I propose, if the Senator
wili give way to allow me to make the motion, is
to take up that resolution merely for the purpose
of moving that the day be changed, and then to
postpone it to some given time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any diffi-
culty in taking it up at any future day, if we please.
To be sure, the day named in the resolution will
have expired, but the resolution will be on the
table, and we can take it up at any time.
Mr. DIXON. I do not know that there is any
objection to that; but I thought it would be more
proper and respectful to the House of Represent-
atives if we acted on it to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think the House
will consider it disrespectful.
Mr. DIXON. If the motion can be made to-
morrow, very welt.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President -
Mr. CARLILE. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from California, 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I give way for that
purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 16, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
UNITED STATES COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Piesident of the United States, in
obediencc to a resolution of the House of the 9th
instant, requesting certain information in refer-
ence to the circuit court of the United States in the
State of California and the judge of said court,
transmitting a letter from the Attorney General
with copies of two other letters, with an indorse-
ment of the President's on one of them; all of
which, taken together,contain all the information
in the President's power to give on the subject.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled the following bills; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (8. No. 2«2) for the relief of Oliver
Spencer Wood;
An act (S. No. 281) defining additional causes
172
of challenge and prescribingan additional oath for
grand and petit jurors in theUnited States courts;
and
An act (S. No. 339) making provision for rais-
ing property of the United States sunk m the
waters thereof.
ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, rec-
ommending a reorganization of the enlisted force
in the ordnance department; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and ordered
to be printed.
RELIEF TO INDIAN REFUGEES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior
in answer to a resolution of the House, of May
28,1862, relative to the mode and amount of relief
extended to Indian refugees in southern Kansas;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am directed by the Committee of Elections, to
whom was referred the memorial of sundry citi-
zens of the second congressional district of North
Carolina, praying that Charles Henry Foster
should be admitted to a seat in this House as a
Repiesentati ve fi om that distiict, to make arepoi t,
accompanied by a resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Retohcdy That Ch:ul<*< Henry Foster is not entitled to a
ceat m thu IIou^c as ;i Representative tiom the second dis-
trict of Noith Carolina.
The report and accompanying papers Were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed. ,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAWES. I ask consent, to introduce a bill
for reference to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of bills
on leave, commencing with the State of Maine.
ELECTIONS BY SINGLE DISTRICTS.
Mr. DAWES, on leave, introduced a bill in ref-
erence to the election of Representatives to Con-
gress by single districts; which was read afirst and
second time, referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr.McPHERSON, on leave, introduced ajoint
resolution to create the grade of lieutenant general
in the Army of the United States, to be filled upon
the cessation of present hostilities; which was read
a firstand second time,and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
NAVIGATION OF PATAPSCO HIVEIt.
Mr. LE ART, on leave, introduced a bill for the
improvement of the navigation of the Patapsco
river; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MARGARET BAILEY.
Mr. TRIMBLE, on leave, introduced a bill to
secure one month's pay and pension to Margaret
Bailey, widow ofGeorgc B. Bailey, lieutenant col-
onel of the ninth regiment of Virginia volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and le-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HENRY CLAY WOOD.
Mr. DUNN, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Henry Clay Wood, which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
IOWA PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WILSON, on leave, introduced a bill con-
cerning certain lands heretofore granted to the
State of Iowa; which was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PUGET SOUND COLLECTION DISTRICT,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back Senate
bill No. 241, to change the location of the port of
entry forihePuget Sound collection district, with
an amendment. It is a matter of some urgency
on the part of the Treasury Department.
The bill was read. It enacts that from and af-
ter the 1st of May, 1862, the port of Port Town-
send, in the collection district of Puget Sound, in
Wasnington Territory,shall be abolished as a port
of entry, and that Port An^elos shall be estab-
lished as a port of entry and deltveiy for said dis-
trict, from and after that date.
The amendment of the Committee on Commerce
was to strike out "May,"and insert "Septem-.
her."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois to make it commence with
the last quarter of the year—say October.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Very well. Let the
amendment be so modified. The committee will
present a ieport to accompany the bill, which I
ask to have printed.
It was so ordered.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Tile bill was oidered to be read a third time,
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
AMERICAN MISSIONARIES IN EGYPT.
Mr. WASIIRURNE, from the Committee on
Commotio, repoi ted back a memorial asking in-
demnity for m.ilti eat mom of the agent of the Amer-
ican missionaries in Egypt; which \\ as referred to
the Committee on Foieign Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be tiie call of the States and Territories
for resolutions.
REGIMENTAL CHAPLAIN'S.
Mr. McPHERSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which wad read, considcred, and adopted:
Renolcedy That the Sccietaiy of War bo lequettcxi to in-
form the House of Representatives what number of regi-
mental chaplains are in theseiviec; how many are in pay ;
how in any on duly; and wh.it mc^uies me, in hh opinion,
nece^saiy to puuiy and mvigmate tin5? branch of the pub.
lie sci vice.
NEGLECT OF WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
Mr.SHELLABARGER submitted the follow-
ing resolution, upon the adoption of which he
demanded the previous question:
Resolrcd, That the committee on the conduct of the war
bo directed to inquire and report to this House whether
our soldieis who weio wounded at the battle of Poit Re-
public upon the 8th andOih instants, wore subjected to any
unnecessary neglect, either by teiusal ol anv odicerorsur-
geon to peimittisom to receive suigicnl attendance or medi-
cal r,uppl.e-> tiom other than thou own brigade ordivision,
oi fiotii any other cai^e; aho, whether they weie subjected
to any j-uch inflect by b.mig left upon the cars or other-
wise aftet theininivai in thi^csty; and if <my such neglect
oceimed, that they ascertain and leport the cause theteof.
Mr. BLAKE. I wish to>nake a single remark
in regard to that.
The SPEAKER. Debate would carry the res-
olution over.
Mr. BLAKE. I have no desire to do that. I
want to sec it adopted.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to bo put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to rcconsidcr
the vote by winch the resolution wfts adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ULAKEsuhmirtcd thefollowingresolwtion;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcwlved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inqnne what legislation iti necessaiy to secure
the piopei eaie of sick and wounded soideis who are sent
to tin? city fiom the vaiiou^ divisions of the Army} and
report by bill oi oihcrwi-e.
UNITED STATICS PENSIONERS.
Mr. 130LMAN Nubmitti-d the following res*
ulutiun; which \v\is i ead ,eon.sideied,and agreed to.*
RcwlitJ, That the Secietaiy of tiie Interior be directed
to iumi^h the Hott^e, at as early a day as may be practica-
