•258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Agricultural Colleges—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. op Reps.
edy. Ohio is the eldest of the great western
States—large,populous, and neither old and worn
out, nor young andxmdeveloped—the golden link
between the old States and the new. Iier fate
may he anticipated by some, and will be followed,
perhaps, with unequal steps, by all the vest. It
will not soil a phrase of politicians to say, " as
goes Ohio, so goes the Union."
By the reports referred to it appears that 87,821
acres more land devoted to the culture in 1858 than
in 1850, produced 1,454,412 bushels less wheat.
(Vide Report 1854, p. 542.) The average product
is also sfated to bo 11.35 per acre in 1858, against
18.78 in 1850, or a failing off of nearly 7.50 bush-
els per acre. That this is notconfined to one sea-
son may be seen by taking the whole eight years
after 1850 together, and the falling off was over
four bushels to the acre for the entire crops. This
proves the steady and unmitigated decline as to
the whole State, whatever particukrlocalities may
exhibit, in the capacity of the soil, at the yearly
rate of neaily one bushel per acre. The sub-
stances neccssary to the production of wheat are
in the process of being annually exhausted, and
they are not returned, though not lost to the world
where they go, for we have long fattened British
Durhams according to the magnitude of our ex-
ports, and, 1 regret to say, British hate, by any
diminution of our imports. It is no answer to say
that the profits of the farmer have not diminished
because prices have advanced in even a greater
ratio than the diminution of the crop. The fact
will still remain that the land grows less and less
capable of supporting its population. Other fields
may open, but this is closing. Starvation, though
distant, is still visible in the skeleton at the end of
the road. Land tiiat will not produce corn or
wheat may be devoted to some other crop, but
the product is likely to be less valuable. It may
sustain cattle, but not men. Grazing, properly
conducted, may renovate the soil, but that hus-
bandry, while it requires fewer numbers in its
conduct, also supports fewer numbers. Its profits
may be gratifying to the few, but they are banish-
ment to the many. In China few animals are
raised for slaughter, because all the land is needed
to supply-food tor man. In Ireland their live stock
has recently increased, but Irishmen have sadly
dwindled. Drive out men and you give room for
brutes, but the change is not pleasant to contem-
plate.
It must be remembered that even the old States
have a vast amount more of land# improved now,
and a greater population, than they had ten years
ago, and from these causes alone should "have
made a laige increase of crops. But it would ap-
pear that these new lands and larger forces are
becoming necessary to counterbalance the dete-
uoration of the older fields. It is a striking fact
that the increased production is derived from new
lands, either in the new States or lands freshly
cultivated in the old States. The long cultivated
lands appear to be declining at the very time when
they should be advancing to a higher and more
remunerative fertility. Our grain growing region
is rapidly retreating westwardly. The States
that now furnish corn to any extent beyond their
own consumption are few m number, and des-
tined soon tu be less.
I hut there is a gratifying advance of agricul-
tural wealth within the past ten years in many
respects is true, but with our magnificent oppor-
tunity, and with an eye on the future, it certainly
w not wholly satisfactory. We are in the rear of
kurope, and that will never be satisfactory. The
knghsh have what they call exhausting restor-
ing and cleaning crops. But we seem to'have got
so far only as to adopt the exhausting crops.
1 iici 6 capital finds the most solid security in vested
in land atld its improvements. Here such enter-
prises spoil a man's credit on the exchange. The
true system of farming would seem to be to make
the land more fertile than it is in its natural state
and every succeeding crop better than the last!
By our mode, the earliest crops are seldom sub-
sequently equaled, and the last are apt to bo the
worst.
The proportion of population of the United
states engaged in agncttltuie in 1840 was 77 4
per cent., but in 1850 it had fallen to 44.69 per
cent. In M>0 the percentage is doubtless still less
as we flnd the 'increase of population much the'
largest in towns and cities, and in some rural dis-
tricts the population has positively diminished.
Taking the cities and towns with over five thou-
sand inhabitants, the increase has been 00.43 per
cent., and all the rest of the country only 31.96
per cent., or the former nearly double of the latter.
If all the villages, towns, and cities should be in-
cluded the fact svould be^hown in a much stronger
light. This tendency to desert the rural districts
and to shun manual labor can only be checked by
making the country more attractive and more le-
munerative. The architectural monuments of op-
ulence have risen in the towns and cities at the
expenseof the more solid and pervading evidences
of a nation's prosperity, which are to be mainly
found in tile unostentatious improvements of the
buildings and cultivated fields of the rural popu-
lation .
I will not attempt to enumerate what has been'
done and is now in progress by European nations
to promote agricultural education. It would oc-
cupy too much space. It is enough to know that
they all seem eager to place their people ahead in
the great race for the mastery. Our nation has
been the first to test the value of iron-clad ships,
but we lag immeasurably behind in improving the
resources necessary to support such ships. The
efforts of our foreign rivals are on the most lib-
eral and persistent scale, and have thus far been
in the main successful, and this is proven by their
continued animal appropriations for this object.
Among these Governments, that of Louis Napo-
leon, us usual, occupies a prominent position.
Many crops in France, within a few years, have
been doubled; some have been quintupled; live-
stock has been doubled in number and value; and,
while the profits of farmers and the wages of
laborers have also been doubled, taxes on land
have been actually diminished. The Second Em-
pire may not claim credit for the whole of these
improvements, but the services of the present Em-
perorhave been so great,according toalate writer,
" that one of the charges brought against him by
his uncompromising opponents is.thatthese bene-
fits have caused the nation to forget even that loss
of freedom by which they have been purchased."
Coveting, as we do, American freedom, let us
show that it is not held with the smallest diminu-
tion of other blessings, material or educational,
so dearly purchased under other forms of gov-
ernment.
Iieland, with a soil of much more natural fer-
tility, and a climate of far greater salubrity than
England or Scotland, has been oftoner threatened
with the perils of famine than any other civilized
country of the world. All this is traceable to bad
farming, through a system possibly forced upon
the people by political and social connection with
England. They have raised gram crops in abund-
ance and some cattle; but too poor to consume
them at home, these have been sent to England,
while potatoes remained the chief fare for gaunt
Irish laborers. Even the bones of tho few cattle
slaughtered at home, carefully gathered, have
been sent to England, where science and capital
had made the discovery of their agricultural
value.
After the failure of the potato crop in 1847, in
the brief period of about eight years, cholera and
emigration reduced the population of Ireland
from eight millions to six millions, or fully one
fourth, and those who remained were either too
feeble to ariest the downward tendency of their
soil to sterility, or they were preparing to emi-
grate, and therefore scourged the reluctant soil to
bring forth one harvest more, and then, farewell!
liiigland could have borne the exodus of the Irish,
but the vanishing rent was less tolerable. The
fishmongers' Society and others owned estates
there, and these must be rescued. England de-
serves praise for the hearty manner with which
she undertook the task of improving Irish farm-
ing and Irish farmers; and it is to be noted that
no capital was used mure effectively than that
which has been and is being expended for the
establishment and support of agricultural schools
and colleges. Already the face of the country
piesents a nobler aspect; the number ofeatlle
raised has been largely augmented; labor is better
paid and fed; and we are now beginning to recoe-
mze Ireland asm fact the Emerald Isle, or the first
grass country of the world.
"Whether our own country is following the
cast-off system of Ireland or not, ia a grave ques-
tion. If we export to England the virgin prod-
ucts of our soil—and those the most exhausting
crops cultivated, the cereals, tobacco, and oil-cake
—it is a process which makes England a garden
at the expense of American farms; and we may
well forebode the day when it will be no longer
possible to furnish cheap food to our multiplying
arid dependent millions, and certainly not possible
to respond to the foreign demand of either com-
merce or famine. If it be tine that the man who
sells hay will soon raise no hay to sell, because
there is no return of manure, tho same result is
equally apparent from the export of other crops
upon the consumption of which on the farm the
reproductive energies of the soil depend for sup-
plies.
Should no effort be made to arrest the deterio-
ration and spoliation of the soil in America, while
all Europe is wisely striving to teach her agricul-
turists the best means of hoarding up capital in
the lands on that side of the Atlantic, it is easy to
see that we are doomed to be dwarfed in national
importance, and not many years can pass away
before our ships will be laden with grain not on
their outward but homeward voyage. Then, with
cheap bread no longer peculiar to America, our
free institutions may be thought too dear by those
of whom even empires are not worthy—the men
with hearts, hands, and brains—vainly looking to
our shores for life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness.
There is and can be no mode by which the re-
sources of a country can be so fully developed as
by educating the vast numbers who are to devote
their lives to agricultural employments as tillers
or owners of the soil. By this means each man
is trained to bring into action his whole mental
and physical force. The immense loss of power
through ignorance is saved. The factory girls in
America receive two or three times the pay that
the same class obtain in other lands; but this is
not all the generous gift of the employers, for they
secure, in the bettereducated American girl,a su-
perior and more valuable labor. Intelligent labor
is found to be hardly too dear at any price. This
is eminently true in agriculture. A dull, uncul-
tured man, though physically a giant, does little
work for which brute power might not often be
easily substituted. He may move mountains, but
the inevitable mouse only appears. The skilled
and thoroughly trained farmer is sure to harvest
larger crops and with less labor than hisunskilled
and untrained neighbor. Science, working unob-
trusively, produces larger annual returns and con-
stantly increases fixed capital, while ignorant
routine produces exactly the reverse.
The mere dispersion of population over a wider
territory improves neither the soil nor the culti-
vators of the soil, but both for the time are made
rather the worse by experiments and theories
which new conditions ever impose.
There are evils in an extremely dense popula-
tion, but, except in cities, our country as yet has
reached no such point. The rural population is
nowhere crowded. The new Territories, sparsely
settled, naturally desire accessions. Their unoc-
cupied spaces furnish none of the means to sup-
port a State. If they suddenly make drafts upon
the old States to fill their vacant spaces, the aggre-
gate wealth and power of the country is weak-
ened, for not so much is contributed to the new
as has been subtracted from the old. The disper-
sion tends to destroy, not markets merely, but
that skill a dense population by a division of labor
always assembles. Whatever advantages were
held under the old condition of things have been
abandoned, while whatever advantages may re-
sult from the new order of things are yet distant
and imperceptible.
It is the destiny of many young men of the
East to find homes in the West. They can only
be retained on the Atlantic slope long enou°h to
leceive their education, and that will not repress
their enterprise for tiavel. Foreign emigration
and eastern combined, will bring gray hairs into
the western prairies full soon in the life of a
nation. "In every nook of the world where any
good is to be got," a is said, "there is to be found
a ocot, a rat, and a Newcastle grindstone," and
perhaps it might be added, a Yankee and a jack-
