1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
teen colonies to the mother country. It did not
regulate, nor was it intended to regulate property.
It had no effect whatever upon the rights of indi-
viduals as related to their poisons or their prop-
erty, whether property in slaves, in land, or any
Other subject of property.
"He then cues in proof of that the declaration of John
Cluincv Adams, and adds: 'Everyone knows, and every
pa<*e of our history proves, that the Declaration was nei-
ther intended nor supposed to abolish slavery.' "
A man would have been thought a dreamer, a
madman, or an idiot, who would have assumed
that position at that time. That is one of the vast,
monstrous ideas that have loomed up from the
distempered imagination of the present and the
immediately preceding generation. It is false in
principle; it is false in fact; itis false in all its rela-
tions and consequences.
"5. That the Articles of Confederation do not refer to
slavery. Mr. PUiHip3 replies: they refer to 1 free inhab-
itants,' meaning those not enslaved; and we shall merely
remark that any plain reader of them will at once say that
they do' (speak of slaves) Lastly, < the Constitution of
the United States deals with slavery as a fact'
As an existing fact, as a fact that had existed
for two hundred years under the national law of
the whole civilized world, and every nation of the
civilized world engaged in the traffic of buying and
selling slaves, and owning them as property—
" the Constitution of the United States deals with slavery
as a fact, and gives it, as such, ceitain rights."
The judgment of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the case of Pi igg vs. the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania rendered by Justice Story,
decided that the owner of a slave had a right to
pursue him into any State of the United States,
even where slavery was proscribed and abolished
by the laws of that State, and then and there to
seize and rcclaim his slave if he could do so with-
out a breach of the peace; that he had the same
right to recapture his slave that lie had to recap-
ture his horse or any other property; that he had
a right to retMke it wherever he found it, and in
that way to assert his tightand his dominion over
it, so as not to make a breach of the peace; and
that principle was as legally and legitimately ap-
plicable to a slave as to a horse or any other prop-
erty. Yet, in this day, at this very session, we
have passed laws that throw obstacles in the way
and that practically prevent the master of a slave,
although he be a loyal man, from exercising that
right which the Supreme Court by the concurrence
of all its judges and by the judgment of that en-
lightened' jut ist, himself an anti-slavery man, Jus-
tice Stoi y, decided the slaveholder had the right to
exercise wherever he could in any free State, al-
though slavery might be prohibited in that State
by its constitution and laws. But I will continue
the reading of this extract:
"Such, then, is a very brief but accurate outline of the
extraordinary argument of Wendell Phillips in favor of tlie
legality ot hlaveiy, by the commom law ot England, by the
common law and chui tors of all the colonies loeognized by
the Articles of Confodeiation, expressly protected by the
Constitution of the l/nited Wutcs and not in the slightest
degree impugned by the Doelaiation of independencei"
If those gentlemen, who have their ears, their
minds, and their hearts so wide open to receive
the mischievous errors, heresies, and dangerous
untruths that Wendell Phillips is promulgmg
through this land, would just open those organs
to those great and important truths that he has
told with a force that no tnan can controvert, it
would be much better for the peace and the tran-
quillity of the country.
" But why did Wendell Phillips make it? Was it be-
cause he loved jlavciy? Not at all. It was because he
hated and determined to destioy the Constitution of the
United States."
And for what purpose5 To effect the destruc-
tion of slavery. He had constituted himself the
great advocate and propagandist of the freedom of
the black race in this country. He boldly and
recklessly enteied the lists to effect that woik, and
to bring it to a successful issue. He declared that
he was willing to walk over the ruins of the Con-
stitution itself to effcct that object; and that is
what his followers are now attempting to do, not
in his bold, courageous, and manly manner, but
by skulking under false pretenses.
" But w It\ did Wendell Phillips make it; was Jt became
ho loved Mdvei} ? Not ai all It was became he hated and
detounin"d to d^troy the ConsiUulionof the United States!
lie adutiuci! that the Constitution so protected the r'ghtsof
southern men that they could not be argued awaj. llentc,
in the same . lie s ays: ' The people have seldom ie-
gaiaed their freedom by finding a loose joint in the har-
ness of their tyrants. No, u has usually been necessary to
trample armor (!hc Constitution) and armor-wearer in the
dust"—Page 86.
Yes, sir, he admits that slaves are property; he
admits that the rights of the slaveholder are pro-
tected by the Constitution; he admits that the
Constitution has no joint or break, no weak place
in it that permits slave property to be successfully
assailed; and the only way by which it can be
successfully assailed is by trampling both armor
and armor-wearer, the independent and conscien-
tious officers of the law sworn to support the Con-
stitution, and supporting it in truth, under the feet
of the assailants; and th«re is no other mode of
effecting the object.
Mr. President, I am no advocate of slavery in
the abstract. If my will could remove the slaves
from the United States to-morrow, every one of
them should go. If my will could place in my
own State in operation a system of gradual eman-
cipation that would take about three generations
to consummate it, I would not hesitate to adopt
it. But this matter of slavery belongs to the States
themselves and to their people. The free States
have no more right to force the emancipation of
slaves upon the slave States than the latter have
to enforce slavery upon the North. Suppose,sir,
that the men of the South, which was once the
dominating power in this Union and in this Gov-
ernment, in the arrogance of their nature, in the
intoxication produced by the possession of power,
had attempted, by a series of similar measures to
those which have been originated at the present
session, and have been so perseveringly pushed
forward, to force upon Massachusetts and New
Hampshire, and all the free States, the institution
of slavery; suppose that they had had the power
in the two Houses of Congress to pass bills to
that effect; would the free, stalwart, brave, anfcl
invincible true men of the free States ever have
submitted to such an interference with their do-
mestic concerns, to the exercise of such an oppres-
sive power of the Federal Government, in denial
of a right assured to them by every feature and
every principle of our Constitution, and of our
complicated form of Government? No, sir; no.
But Mr. Phillips says again, "the only way
their sons," speaking of the framers of the Con-
stitution, " can free themselves is to disown their
fathers5 act, the Constitution itself."
If gentlemen intend to do that practically, let
them do it by open and bold declaration as well
as by deed; do not let them do it furtively; do not
let them do it by indirection; let them do it as the
reckless Phillips himself proclaimed that lie would
do it.
uThc only way then aims can fiee themselves to dis-
own their latheis' aef, the Con-ammon itself. The only
path to such iolca«e is over the Constitution, trampling it
under foot, not under it tiying to evade its fair meaning."
Sir, this apostle of negro freedom, in defiance
of the Constitution, declares his willingness to
overturn that instrument to achieve the result at
which he aims. This argument in favor of the
constitutional rights of the slaveholders and against
the policy and measures that the party now in
power have oiiginated in both Houses of Con-
gress, none of them can answer successfully.
But, sir, a change has come over the spirit of
Mr. Phillipsdream, and what has produced that
change ? He thinks he has found his own party in
power, in the possession of the executive and the
legislative branches of the Government; or if his
own party are not in power, they have such skill-
ful, dexterous, able, and unscrupulous leaders
here that they can cajole the simple, moderate,
conservative, constitutional Republicans into then-
extreme measures, and I expect that lie lelies vet y
much upon the two Senatois now in my eye, one
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and one from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale ] What does he
now say? Mr. Phillips was arguing recently in
this city. [" Did you see him?"] I hold no fellow-
ship with him. i disdain to know any such man.
j Any man who audaciously avows himself a tiaitor
i to the Constitution, and is willing to subvert it for
! the purpose of achieving the emancipation of the
slaves, or of dismembering the southern States and
establishing a southern confedeiacy, or foi any
other purpose under God Js heaven, 1 condemn and
denounce. Ho is a traitor, and his heart is filled
11 with nothing but treason and treasonable projects;
he ouffht so to be treated: and when that man Wen-
dell Phillips was here in this city lecturing as he
did lecture, he ought to have been seized by the
President or the Secretary of War and manacled
and confined at Fort Warren or Fort Hamilton.
He was a much more wicked, mischievous, and
dangerous man than many who were so treated.
What did he say in his lecture here in Washing-
ton ?
" Now, I love the Constitution, though my friend, (Dr.
Pierpont,) who sits beside me, has heard me curse it a
hundred times, and I shall again, if it does not mean jus-
tice."
Oh, it is to receive a new interpretation! I
adhere to the old political bible, and to its inter-
pretation by its apostles and the Supreme Court,
and I deny and condemn utterly any of your mod-
ern Jesuitical interpretations of it.
" I have labored nineteen years to take nineteen States
out of this Union—
Oh, what a labor!—
" and it" I have spent any nineteen years tcTthe satisfaction
of my Puritan conscience, it was those nineteen yeais."
May the Lord deliver this country from any
such accursed Puritan conscience as that!
" Unless, within twelve months or twenty-four, Maryland
is a free State, Delaware, and half Virginia, would to God
that building"—
referring to the Capitol—
"with the city of Washington, had been shelled to ashes
last July."
What an atrocious sentiment! Suppose a se-
cesh was to come into this capital or to go to Cin-
cinnati, and was to take such a diabolical position
as that, would not the whole world of Black Re-
publicanism and of Constitutional Republicanism,
and of Unionism of every name or grade or dye,
without any exception, have risen m condemna-
tion of the miscreant who dared to give utterance
to such a sentiment?
Speaking of the origin of the rebellion, Phillips
declares that " it was nobody's fault, but that it
is the inevitable results of the seeds our fathers
planted seventy years ago." And in another place
he says of the fathers' of the Republic, 44 they
dared not trust in God."
Referring to William Lloyd Garrison, the in-
veteiate disunionist, who kept standing time out
of mind at the head of his paper the sentiment
that the men who had fiamed the Constitution
had made " an agreement with death and a cove-
nant with hell," he characterized him as " a man
who had done more in the providence of God to
shape the fate of this nation than any other one;"
and that he (Phillips) "was proud to sit at his
(Garrison's) feet." 1 wish he was sitting there,
and would sit there forever, and that they were
both in the very central point of the peninsula of
Africa. It would be better for the pcacc of the
country that they and all their admirers and prose-
lytes occupied that locality.
Mr. President, I said that I was no advocate
for slavery; but I will say a word in relation to
slavery and its history. We have a sacred and a
profane history running back between three thou-
sand five hundred and four thousand years; and in
all of that long tract of time up to the present mo-
ment, there never has been a day in the history
of man that slavery did not exist by the thrall-
dom of one man to another. From the time of
the father of the faithful, when he took up his pil-
grimagefrom Mesopotamia to the land ofCanaan,
where he had been directed by the command of
his God, up to this day, there never has been a
time when slavery did not exist in the world; and
gentlemen cannot disprove that position. When,
through the inscrutable mercy and providence of
God, His Son visited the earth as a Messiah, what
then was the condition of the Roman empire?
There were within its broad and ample limits at
least fifty millions of slaves. Those slaves were
then bowed down by a yoke more weighty and
galling than any that now exists. He was in the
midst of a slavoholding population, and He taught
men in relation to the subjects of sin, crime, and
moral duty, and He was followed by Hisapostles,
and His apostles pursued the line of the same
teaching under His inscrutable inspiration; and
we find the greatest and wisest of those apostles,
Paul himself, directing and commanding one of
his disciples to return a fugitive slave to his mas-
ter. My learned and able friend, the Senatorfiom
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] is deeply versed
in the Scriptures; 1 am not, and I speak it to my
shame: I wish it weie otherwise; but I challenge
