1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2739
soldiers. It seems to me that it is an outrage on
common sense that that house should be protected
underany such pretense. It would be more honor
to his memory if it were used for the sick and
wounded soldiers who are battling in defense of
the Union for which he suffered so much. So im-
pressed were those who visited that place with
the necessity and propriety of its use as a hospital,
that 011 the return of the first party visiting it, a
committee was appointed to wait upon the Sur-
geon General and the Secretary of War for direc-
tions in regard to it. They called on the Surgeon
General, and at his suggestion the Secretary of
War said that it should be ordered to be used as
a hospital. I am informed that on telegraphing
to that effect, an answer was returned, I hope not
by the general commanding, but by some one in
his office, that those who made the request were
enemies of the Government and enemies of the
country, i hope that is not so; but I am informed
"that sucli an answer was returned to the Secretary
of War. I desire to have this resolution passed
and this inquiry prosecuted to know the reason
why these premises are not occupied and given
up to the soidiers who are most indifferently pro-
vided for by existing accommodations.
Mr. DAWES. When the gentleman from
Wisconsin offered his resolution a week ago, at
my suggestion he withdrew it,because I assured
him I had reason to know there would be no fur-
ther occasion for inquiry. I was led to make the
iemai'k,and to induce him to withdraw his reso-
lution, because of what had transpired, and which
has just been slated to the House by the gentle-
man from New Yoik. I was one of the com-
mittee that waited upon the Surgeon General, and
afterwards upon the Secretary of War, and re-
ceived t he reply from the Secretary of War, sanc-
tioned by the Surgeon General, which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Sedgwick] has just
related. I felt that it was better the house should
be used for this purpose in the way I supposed
then it would be, rathei than have the resolution
adopted. There is no doubtof the fact stated by
the gentleman from New York, and by others
here. I was there myself, and, with my colleague
from Massachusetts, undertook to cross these
premises in order to reach a steamer upon which
we were informed wounded Massachusetts sol-
diers were lying, and we were confronted with
a captain and his force, who told us that he was
put there with positive orders to prevent anybody
from passing those premises. He told us that the
day before a captain had been put under arrest
for permitting persons to cross those premises.
My colleague and myself undertook to reach that
steamer another way, but were unable to reach
it. Coming back to this captain, we told him we
were going across there at any rate. He let us
make the experiment, but when we got along to
a gate we were confronted by a bayonet.
There was no reason in the world why that
portion of these premises should not bo used for
hospital purposes as well as any other. I hope
this resolution will be adopted unless some order
has already gone forth from this city that will be
obeyed. .
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to say a word in re-
sponse to the remark of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Potter.] He referred to the fact of
my being in the House when the resolution was
offered on a previous day. Such is not the fact.
I did not rise for the purpose of opposing the
resolution of the gentleman from Wisconsin; on
the oilier hand, 1 am in favorofit, ifitis necessary
to pass it. I wished simply to state the fact of my
having had this morning, instigated by a feeling
of humanity for our soldiers, an interview with
the Surgeon General and the Secretaiy of Wai,
and tluu I was assured by them that this order
would be carried out.
Mr. POTTER. I call the previous question.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not rise for the purpose
of opposing that resolution. Iam in tavoroi the
largest inquiry upon all these questions. I rise
for the nurposo of offering an amendment.
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has called the previous question.
Mr. POTTER. 1 object.
Mr. YOORHEES. i ask to have the amend-
ment io.id.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read pending
the demand for the previous question, as objection
is made.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; anil also moved
to lay the resolution to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call of
States for resolutions.
Mr. VOORHEES. I was not in when the State
of Indiana was called, and I ask leave to introduce
a resolution now.
The resolution was read, for information, as
follows:
Whereas the following statement appears m a public
journal which is woithy of confidence: ■■ The New Albany
Ledger says a Union man, a citizen of the valley of Vii-
gmia, tile sccneof the lecent conflicts, wiio vva* compelled
to abandon his home and accompany the Union army on
its retreat aeros-t the Potomac, is now on avisit to some of
Ins lelatives in Harrison county. Having slifiered much,
and been impiisoni'd moio titan once on account of hit
Union sentiments, winch he never attempted to conceal,
and being now an exile, lie, of comse, leeirf exceedingly
bitter tmvaids the lebels, and hopes lbi their speedy and
thoiough subjugation and the punishment of the leading
ttaitots. One circumstance occurred during Banks's re-
tieat, which he states caused much iiaid feeling, not only
among the loyal Vngi-uans, but among tile Union soldiet*
also. Tins gentleman says tiiat in the letreat, Geneial
lianks furni-'hed Government ti.nisportation for negroes
who accompanied our auny, while the white people—men,
women, and children—who were fleeing fiom then homes,
were compelled to walk; and he saw stout negioes riding
in Government wagons, while sick and wounded soldiers
wcie walking:" Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the
war be directed to inqime into the fact therein stilted, and
repoit to this House whether, in the recent letreat of tiie
foiees undei the command of Geneial lianl;.;-\ that the nc
gioos then accompanying his tioops were thu^caied foi to
tiie exclusion and neglect of wounded soldieis.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. By the consent of
the House, I desiie to make a suggestion to my
colleague. I ask my colleague to name the paper
referred to, as it is stated to bo a paper entitled to
reliance.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will name the paper. It
is the New Albany Ledger, published at the city
of New Albany, in the State of Indiana, a paper
certainly entitled to the fullest confidence.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman name
the number of negroes that were carried in this
way? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I lise to a point of order. I
wish to know whether a vote will be taken upon
the resolution and preamble at the same time, or
whether tliey will be voted upon separately?
The SPEAKER. The House is entitled to a
vote upon the resolution and preamble separately.
Mr. STEVENS. If in order, I would desire to
move to strike out the preamble.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recuiring on the passage of the
resolution,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the resolution and preamble are not divis-
ible.
The SPEAKER. For what reason?
Mr. RICHARDSON. For the reason that the
resolution is not a distinct proposition by itself.
The SPEAKER. If there were two resolu-
tions, the point might be made. The Chair would
state to the gentleman that the rule is that where
there is a preamble to a bill or lesolution, it is to
be acted upon after the bill or resolution. It is not
for I he Chairto decide orto take cognizance of the
fact whether they make sense or not. The Clei k
will read from the Manual, page 123.
The Clerk read, as follows:
when a bill is taken up in committee, or on its second
leading, they postpone the preamble till the other paits ot
tile lail aie gone thiough." * * l\tn the com:
of a le-oluuon with a preamble, til ei e i, no dilheulty as to
the time at wlnrh the pieambic n to be considered, nor in
any case m Committee ot the Whole: but m tiie House, in
tiie ca^c of a bill with a pieambie. theie is ?oine uncert.iinty
as to tiie paitieuiar si.me in winch tiie bill must he when it
is piopei to consider the pieambie. it would seem that it
me'lit be appropilately done .ntei the bill has been mdercii
to be ea^Kit-fed and lead a thud tiling anil belore the tiilru
leading takes place. liy tins course (he bill can be engio^sed
eithei with oi without lile pieambie. as the House shall
have deteimuied.''
The SPEAKER. The preamble is to be left
until after the bill or resolution is aided upon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is so in case of a
bill. , . , mi
The SPEAKER. And resolution also. I be
difficulty about the time when the preamble should
be considered in the case of a bill was, whether it
should be considered before the bill was actually
engrossed, or not. It has been settled during the
last two sessions that the preamble to a bill will
be considered after the bill is ordered to be en-
grossed .
Mr. RICHARDSON. The whole matter is
before the country, though the majority here may
crowd off the material part.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from the
86th page of Jefferson's Manual.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"A resolution which h.id no preamble having been al-
ready amended hy the House, so tluu a lew words only of
the original remained in it, a motion was made to prefix a
pjeamble, winch having an aspect veiy different fiom the
resolution, the mover intimated that lie should afterwards
propose a coriespondent amendment in the body of the res-
olution. It was objected that a preamble should not be taken
up until the body of the ic^olution is done with ; but the
preamble was received, because we are in fact through the
body of the ruholution ; we have amended that a& far as
amendments have been ofi'eied, and indeed till little of the
o  ignial js left. It is the proper time, therefore, to consider
a pieambie; and whetherthe one offered be consistent with
the resolution is for the House to determine.7'
The question was put; and the resolution was
adopted.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
preamble,
Mr. RIDDLE moved to lay it on the table.
• Mr. YOORHEES demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Does not that
carry the resolution with it?
Tiie SPEAKER. It docs not, where the ques-
tion is distinct upon the preamble and resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have hoard this same
charge made hy soldier?.
Mr. BLAKE. Istheprcamblesubjecttoamend-
ment?
The SPEAKER.. It is not.
Mr. PUELPS, of Missouri. Let us have the
yeas and nays upon the adoption of the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Blake] that the pre-
vious question applied only to the resolution. The
preamble is subject to the call for the previous ques-
tion; but for that purpose the gentleman from
Indidiia would be entitled to the floor.
Mr. YOORHEES. I call the previous question.
Mr. BLAKE. I desire to have struck out so
much of the preamble as indorses a newspaper of
which we know nothing. I object to that.
Mr. YOORHEES. I am not willing to strike
out the indoi semen t of the paper for the icason that
I know it to be entirely reliable. In the statement
offacts 1 know of no newspaper in the whole coun-
try more reliable than the Now Albany Ledger.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay on the table
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays G3; as follows:
YEAS— Mflssis. Atdiieh, Alley, Babbitt, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Blake, Bufiinton, Buinh.un, Cli.nnbeihu, lloscoe
Conklmg, Cutler, l)a\ve=, Delano, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Gooch, Hoi ton, Hutching Julian, William KciJogg, Lan-
sing, Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson P. MoirilJ, Justm to. Mor-
rill, Olm, Tilu, PoiiK'ioy, Potter, AlcAamior Ii. Kice, Kid-
dle, Ed waul II. Rollins sScdfiwirk, Shanks, SpaiiMing,
Stevens, Benjamin F.Thomas, Van Horn, Wall, v\ ash-
burne, Wheeici, Albeit S. White, Wi^oiij and YVinaom
~~NAYS—Mess-rs. William J. Allen, Ancona Ashley,
Bailv, Jacob B. Blair, George II. Browne, Wtiliam G.
Biow a, Calvcit, Casov. Clement*. Cobb, ColKix, Corning,
Crav.uw. Hmtian. Dunn. Edgei ton. En UMi. 1- iMier, l'ouke,
Gtan-ier.'Gnder, Hale. Hull,Hainan. Holman.tiancis W.
Kt'lloirg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lazrai, Mci herson,
Million , Men/.ie>, Morns, Noel!, Norton, Odell, Pemilt-
ton John S. Pholp?, Porter, Piic<;, Richardson, Robinson,
ton, John S. Phelp?.
James s.i
John I!. ■-jtccJo,
Wad.woin"wimlVjVciii'lto>i'A. White, VVickliffe, Wood-
jWio-s ti. Rollins, sW'iit, Sheffield. Ph.-liahar^Sinel,
William G. Steele, ^nation, 1-iancis
Thomas Train, Trowlmdse, V.lllaiidlsImu), Voorliees,
ruff, and Wright—GJ.
So the House refused to lay the preamble upon
the table.
During: the roll-call,
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. Nixon had
"•one home in consequence of sickncssfcin his fam-
ily-
Mr. LEARY stated that he had paired oft with
Mr. 01 ARK.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Hickman was
necessarily detained ironi the House?, and had
been for a week or ten days. •
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
