1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Iffl
with an eye single only to the merits of the case
committed to them. They have had before them
eases of more variety of principle and circum-
stances than ever during my experience as a mem-
ber upon this floor have been committed to a
committee of that character; yet they have been
entirely unanimous in every case submitted to
them, except as to one single question af fact,
about which there was every reason to differ, and
about which the House differed precisely as the
committee did. This committee have satpatiently
during the hearing of every case, and have said to
every man who has appeared before them: " Have
you anything more to offer, sir?" We have given
this memorialist his day in court. He selected
his day and time; and it is due to these men as
well as myself to say, that no such reproach as
this memorialist has thrown upon us can justly
lie at the door of any member.
There were things which fell from the lips of
the memorialist yesterday which may have passed
out of the minds of members. They are, how-
ever, in the Globe of to-day, and they can hardly
be expected to have passed out of my mind en-
tirely. It has not been my habit to talk of " cram-
ming physic down men's throats,5> of " holding
their noses," of " knocking them into a cocked
hat,'5 nor to indulge in such like choice expres-
sions; and as it has not been my habit heretofore,
so I do not propose to use them now. If twenty-
five years of service in the Virginia Legislature—
the knowledge of which he has omitted on no
proper occasion, at least, to make public—has
failed to breed dcccnt manners, any lessons at this
advanced stage of his life would be entirely useless.
I now proceed to the consideration of some re-
marks failing from the lips of the memorialist,
which I believe deserve reply. Mr. Speaker, this
election, such as it was, originated from a procla-
mation issued by Governor Pierpont. That proc-
lamation was in pursuance of an ordinance of the
convention assembled at Wheeling. The commit-
tee in their report have commented on that pro-
ceeding in the eye of its legality; for, one of two
things is true—either this man was legally elected,
or he was not. If he was legally elected, that is
enough. If he was not elected according to the
forms of law, yet another question is for us to con-
sider; that is, does he come here with such a man-
ifestation of support from the legal Joyal voters of
his district as to entitle him to be lifted up over
and above the forms of law into a seat here? If
he is in the position of either of these two cases
stated, no man will more cheerfully than myself
give him the benefit of a vote. If any gentleman
of the House shall still believe, when the whole
case is laid before him, that he is here in accord-
ance with the forms of law, it ia his duty to wel-
come him here as the Representative of a loyal con-
stituency. If he believes that he comes within the
other case I have stated, it is still his duty to vote
for his admission. But if he is neither legally
elected nor sent here by the great body of the loyal
voters in his district, but sent here only by a few
of those loyal voters, then, I ask, upon what terms
is it that he is to be admitted here? I ask my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,} who cheered
us this morning with the patriotic sentiments of the
memorialist under the trying circumstances, for
which all honor is due him, what that has to do
with the case we have to decide?
The question I submit is not whether he is a
loyal man; it is whether he is in any just and
proper sense the Representative of the first con-
gressional district of Virginia. I accord dieei fully
and with the greatest pleasure to the memorialist
that he is a loyal man; and if I must go further,
that he is a great man, that he has sacrificed every-
thing that any man can be called upon to sacri-
fice in behalf of the Union. But still, the ques-
tion comes unanswered,has he nevertheless been
elected a Representative_from the first congres-
sional district of Virginia? and it comes unan-
swered, whatever may be the sentiments in his
breast. 1 was not commissioned as one of the
members of the Committee of Elections to decide
a man's right to a seat by his opinions or his
position. I am thankful that I leaf! behind me a
record that puts down any such inference. No,
sir, this convention, whatever it was, or whatever
authority it had, is not questioned by the com-
mittee. We have chosen to acknowledge its au-
thority. It undertook to set in motion a new gov-
ernment in Virginia in revolutionary times.
Now, a new government has got to begin some-
where, and it might as well begin in a convention
as anywhere else, and we have so far as we were
concerned sanctioned this convention as the com-
mencement of the new government of Virginia.
But the government it sets in motion takes the
place of the convention from the moment it is put
in operation, ex necessitate rei. It is from the ne-
cessity of the case. Itis limited by that necessity,
and it has no authority to go one inch beyond it.
Now, this convention set in motion a new govern-
ment in Virginia. It elected a Governor, and I
consider him the Governor of Virginia to all in-
tents and purposes. It created a Legislature. In
other words, it overstepped the old Legislature and
provided for filling up the vacancies. Then it put
this Legislature—and I ask my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] to listen for a moment in
hcec verba—and this government under the consti-
tution of Virginia. It set them goingandput them
underthe constitution ofVirginia,and henceforth,
if they were not false to their creation, they were
to go along under that constitution; to do what the
Legislature assembled in Richmond did, and to do
nothing more and nothing less; to do what the
constitution of Virginia prescribes, and to refrain
from doing what that constitution said should not
be done. The Legislature assembled, took upon
themselves the form of law, and proceeded in the
work of legislation. What occasion, then, in the
necessity of the case, was there for the further
existence of this convention ?
My friend from Kentucky said that the conven-
tion went along side by side with the Legislature,
and what the Legislature did not do the conven-
tion would do, and what the convention did the
Legislature would not do. He said that if the
Legislature had passed a law for the election of
members of Congress, the convention would not
then have had any authority to do it; and if the
convention had dope it, the Legislature could not
do anything in the matter. Here, then, are two
separate coexistent supreme governments in the
same State and running at the same time, if I may
be allowed the expression, neck and neck. Now,
I submit that the moment the Legislature was
called into existence, and everything properly be-
longing to it provided, there being no authority
in the constitution for any other body of men to
do the legislation, that that Legislature alone was
the body of men to do it. Furthcr.than that, the
Constitution of the United States provides that the
Legislature shall do it.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman will permit
mc. I would respectfully inquire of him how it
was in the cases of the gentleman from Kansas
[Mr. Conway] and the gentleman from Oiegon,
[Mr. Shiel,] which were decided by this House?
It was given, as the solemn judgment of this House,
that a convention could order an election for Con-
gress, and these gentlemen hold their scats under
that decision.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will wait, I
will tiyto answer that pointhefore I get through.
But, sir, the Legislature of Virginia had already
acted. The Legislature of Virginia, I repeat, not-
withstanding my friend shakos his head, had al-
ready prescribed exactly what to do m this case.
Mr. MALLORY. Then the chairman of the
Committee of Elections has not reported that fart
to the House, and I laborunderthedifFiculty pro-
duced by that omission. In what I said, I followed
his report,thattheLcgislature had adjourned with-
out passingany act, and that liiecouveution subse-
quently passed this law.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman rather trusted
to his ear and the reading of the Clerk. Now the
report directly and specifically states that the con-
vention put the Legislature underthe constitution,
and the laws of Virginia as they existed in the
second edition of the code. Turn to the second
edition of the code, and there you will find pre-
cisely what you have got to do in this case. It
was entirely a work of supererogation forthat con-
vention to have undertaken to prescribe anything
touching this election. The second edition of the
code prescribes what is to be done in the case of
the vacancy of any of the seats in this House of
Representatives.
But I am met, Mr. Speaker, by the objection,
as announced with a great deal of assurance by
the memorialist, and repeated here by my more
! modest friend from Kentucky to-day, that there
was no vacancy in this case. One thing is true.
On the 24th of October there was or there was not
a vacancy in the first district of "Virginia.
Mr. MALLORY. I want to say a word in
reference to what the gentleman has said in con-
nection with what he will say, 1 did state, sir,
that there was no vacancy in this district in Vir-
ginia in the ordinary and received "acception of
the meaning of the word vacancy. If the gentle-
man means that there was no Representative frorrl
this district, and, therefore, that there was.&rva-
cancy, I agreewith him; butwhatwe understand
by a vacancy in a representation from a district
is where a member has been elected to fill the le-
gal term, and by some accident he loses his tenure
of office, by death or otherwise, then the vacancy
occurs. If tiiat is not the true construction of the
word, then every member here was elected by a
special election to fill a vacancy.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend has set himself
more fully right than he did when he was first
upon the floor, I am glad of it.
Mr. MALLORY. I was right before, and the
gentleman proceeded to set me wrong.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot set my friend wrong.
Mr. Speaker, I was about to say that there was
or there was not a vacancy on the 24th of Octo-
ber. If there was not a vacancy, there was no
occasion for an election. If there was a vacancy,
the statutes of Virginia told you how to fill it. A
vacant seat is an empty seat, and it is not the
less empty because it never was filled. Is a pail
the less empty becausc there never happened to
be anything m it ?
The memorialist complained of the belittleing
this case upon unsubstantialities, and he accused
the committee of small talk. It does not occur
to me that I ever heard smaller talk than this.
I may be mistaken. The law to fill a vacancy—
to fill a seat that never had anything in it—is
prescribed in the statutes of Virginia; but the
memorialist said, and it is repeated by my friend
from Kentucky to-day, that this convention had
the right to prescribe how it should be filled, not-
withstanding the Legislature had undertaken to
fill it, and that the Committee of Elections are
estopped from ever saying to (he contrary. That
physic was to be crammed down my throat yes-
terday, and my friend from Kentucky was to hold
my nose. Reference was made to what I had
stated in the case of Shiel vs. Thayer. I had stated
in one case, as the mouth-piece of the committee,
such is the language of the memorialist, where the
time and place ofthe election und^r which one man
claimed were fixed by the constitution, and the
time and place were fixed by the Legislature un-
der which the other claimed; that the man elected
according to the time and place prescribed in the
constitution had a right over the man elected ac-
cording to the time and place prescribed by the
Legislature. He read from the report which I then
made, that the committee recommended that Mr.
Thayer, who held the seat under an election pre-
scribed by the Legislature, should bo ousted,and
that Mr. Siiiel, who was elected according to the
forms prescribed by the constitution, should be
admitted. The report of the committee from
which the gentleman read contained this state-
ment:
" The sitting member rests his claim to the seat upon two
gt ounds: 1. Thatllietcis no law in Oregon providing for the
election of a Representative in the picsent Congress, and,
consequently, that the election on the tirst Monday of June,
1880, being without law, \v«s void."
Mr. Thayer claimed to be elccted without any
provision at all, without a scintilla—not even the
sanctity of a self-constituted convention, which, in
one corner of the State, had provided how the man
should be elected. The constitution of Oregon
had fixed the time of election. The Legislature
of Oregon had recognized that time, and had pro-
vided for an election to fill a vacancy not provided
for in the constitution, and Mr. Siiiel was elected
on the day prescribed by the constitution, and
recognized by the Legislature. All parties in Ore-
gon and the Legislature of Oregon recognized it?
and the two political parties went into the canvass
that day, and canvassed the entire district, and
Siiiel was elected; and then this man, without
any shadow of law whatever, going upon the prin-
ciple that it was right to try this thing once, and
if he failed, to try it again; or, in other words,
" heads I win, taiis you lose," proposed to elect
himself on another day, and got'so roe two thou-
sand votes m the whole State. He came here,
and, by some mystery I never understood, got into
