THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
SPEAKER' stated that the morning hour
having expireS, by special order of the House
thfe day was set apart for the consideration of re-
ports from the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
that the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedg-
wibK,]-cluiirman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the consent of tlie gentle-
man from New York and of the House to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Indiana, who
oiferea this resolution.
Mr. SEDGrWICK. I will yield for an inquiry.
Mr. GOOCH. I find, upon looking at this res-
olution, that the statement contained in the pre-
amble is not from the New Albany Ledger, but is
taken from some other paper, which says, " the
New Albany Ledger says." Now, I desire to ask
the gentleman from Indiana if he can teii us what
paper this is from.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the House is
willing to dispose of the preamble now, I have no
objection to this discussion.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. 1 call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 obtained unanimous consent
to ask my question.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will answer the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sedgwick] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 yielded to the gentleman
from Massachusetts for an inquiry.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
"what privileged question could take the gentleman
from New York off the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not desire to take him
off the floor. Let him hold it.
Mr. GOOCH. I obtained the unanimouscon-
sent of the House and the consent of the gentle-
man from New York to make my inquiry.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let this question go
over till to-morrow, and then the gentleman from
Massachusetts can make all the inquiries he de-
sires of the gentleman from Indiana. I object
now.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman cannot object.
I had the unanimous consent of the House to ask
the question, and I desire to know whether the
gentleman from Indiana can or cannot answer it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York yielded the floor to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, but any gentleman could object to the
gentleman from Massachusetts occupying it un-
less for personal explanation. The gentleman
from New York could only yield, under the rule,
for personal explanation.
Mr. GOOCH. But I had the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that there was any unanimous consent about
it. He allowed the gentleman to proceed because
no objection was made. The gentleman from Illi-
nois now objects. The resolution will come up in
its order on Monday next, unless superseded by
business of a higher order.
GRADES IN NAYAIj SERVICE.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back, with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, bill of the House No.
280, to establish and equalize the grades of line
officers of the United States Navy.
The substitute was read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from New York.
This bill appears to bean important one. I have
looked at the printed bill, and so far as I am able
to judge, at least one half of the substitute, and
perhaps more, is in manuscript, containing im-
portant provisions. I feel unwilling to legislate
in this manner. I desire to have the printed bill
before me on which we are to act. I do not de-
sire to throw any obstacle in the way of the con-
sideration w the bill by the House; but can we
legislate intelligibly upon such important provis-
ions as are contained in this bill unless we have
the bill before us in print? I think not. I hope,
therefore, that the gentleman will not attempt to
put the bill upon its passage now.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If it were earlier in the
session I should have no difficulty in yielding to
the request of the gentleman from Missouri. I do
not desire to press this bill without its being thor-
oughly undci stood by the House. I should be
glad to have it taken up and read by sections care-
fully for amendments; and if, after ^oing through
it, tberp seems to be any difficulty in regard to it,
I would then consider a proposition to postpone
the bill, if it can retain its place, for two or three
days, until it can be perfected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. When,on Fiiclay
last, this day was set apart for the consideration
of business of the Naval Committee, if the com-
mittee had then requested that their bills should
be printed, they would have been printed by this
time. But if the gentleman desires to put this bill
upon its passage now, I shall, if I have an oppor-
tunity, move to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed. I cannot vote upon the bill until I know
what it contains.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not propose to call
the previous question without giving every gen-
tleman an opportunity of proposingamendments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. More than half
of the bill, and some of its most important pro-
visions, have never been printed. Take, for in-
stance, the provision placing nine admirals upon
the letired list, and that conferring upon the Sec-
retary of the Navy the power to fix the pay of
officers of the Navy. I think that those provis-
ions are wrong. Some other provisions struck
me, as I heard them read, as being objectionable;
but the objections might, perhaps, be obviated by
some slight amendments. I do not wish, how-
ever, to letaid the consideration of the bill at all,
or to throw any obstacles in its way. I may re-
maik that to-morrow the bill could only be con-
sidered during the morning hour, as there is a spe-
cial order after that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would inquire if this
business was not set down as the special order for
to-day.
The SPEAKER. Reports from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs are the special order for to-
day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I hope we shall go
on and consider the bill, section by section, and
debate and discuss it fully; and then, if we want
fuither time, the hill can be postponed for two or
three days. That, I think, is the proper course
to be pursued.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest to the
genih'man, if he will hear me, that the bill be
printed, and that some other day be set apart for
us consideration. I have no objection to consid-
ering the bill when it can be printed so that we
may und< istand it.
JVIr.SEDGWICK. The bill has been printed
for a Ion if time, with the exception of the substi-
tute for the twelfth section, which has been pre-
pared\vithin the last three or four days. It was
passed upon in committee last Thursday-.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 had before me
the printed bill, and found there was much matter
read by the Clerk that was hot contained in the
piinted bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Very well; if the gentle-
man had before him the last printed bill reported
by the committee, there is very little change from
that—none at all in the section in regard to ad-
mirals on the retired list, if the gentleman finds
any difference in it, he must have the wrong bill
before lum.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri, House bill No.
280 was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and was reported back to the House. At
a subsequent time the committee made a report in
the nature of a substitute, and now, to-day, the
committee makes a second report, does it?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Since, the bill was recom-
mitted the committee has made alterations in it,
but principally in the twelfth section.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then there are
amendments reported from the committee at dif-
ferent times.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask that the bill be read
through by sections for amendment.
The SPEAKER. The bill will now be read
throu«rh by bections for amendment, as if in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It will be an in-
convenient matter, and I decidedly object to the
consideration of the measure in this way.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the reading of the bill by sections?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No. I do not in-
terpose any objection.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will be read by
sections. Each section, as read, will be open for
amendment, and after a section is passed, that sec-
tion will not be open to amendment.
The fitst section of the amendment was read, as
follows:
Sttiko out ail after the enacting clause and insert •
That the active list of line tfffieeis of the United States
Navy shall be divided into nine grades, taking i ante aeeoid-
ing to the date of Un*ir commissions and wairnnt*, as fol-
lows. namely: admirals; 2, commodores J 3, captains ; 4,
commanders; 5, lieutenant commanders; 6, heutenants;
7, masters; 8, ensigns ; 9, midshipmen.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
from the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sedg-
wick] whether the proposition shall be put to the
House on'each section, as in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, allowing five
minutes debate on amendments to be offered and
voted upon ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. That is the course I would
prefer.
The SPEAKER. Then the section is open to
the same rule as in the Committee of the Whole
on the state ofthe Union,and no amendment will
be in order to a section after that section is passed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not think that that
is necessary. Amendments to preceding sections
may be suggested by the reading of subsequent
sections.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I desire to
appeal to the gentleman from New York not to
press this bill now, inasmuch as a section, after
being once passed, is not to be open to amendment
again. This bill is on the desks of very few mem-
bei s. It is an important bill, making great changes
in the Navy. No member has any idea of lis pro-
visions, except as he heard it read at the desk;
and it is beyond the power of members to consider
the different provisions as we £0 along.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The bill has been printed
for weeks, except the twelfth section, and it is now
near the close of the session. I desire to throw
no obstacle whatoverin the way of proper amend-
ments to the bill. On the contiary, I desire it to
be amended. Hut the gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and must recollect that it would he sacrificing the
bill to allow it to be postponed now.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Idonotask
it to be postponed.
The SPEAKER. What the gentleman from
Rhode Island suggests is that sections, after they
aie passed, shall still be open to amendment.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. That is all.
The SPEAKER. Then the understanding is
that amendments can be offered to any section ot
the bill until after the previous question shall have
been moved and seconded.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. If it requires unanimous
consent, I object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to suspend the
rules, in order that the proposition may be carried
through.
The motion was agreed to; and the rules were
accordingly suspended.
The SPEAKER. The bill now before the
House is to be considered by sections us in the
Committeeofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union,
is open to amendments, and the debate is limited
to five minutes.
No amendment was offered to the first section.
The second section was read, as follows:
Sep 2. Jlnfl he it fuilhrr enncteJ, That the number Ot
ofiict'is allowed to ea<-h guide -ha'i not exceed nine adnn-
saK eighteen commodores, tlm tj-MK captains. seventy-two
comman'lt*rs. one hundred and foity-four lieutenant eom-
mamteis. one hundred and foitv-foui lieutenant*, one hun-
dred and fony-lour makers, and one hundred and forty-four
ensign?.
Mr. PHELPS,of Missouri. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from New York how many
officers we now have on the active list of the Navy.
I do not refer to the temporary appointments.
The SPEAKER. Debute is limited to five min-
utes, and must be in suppoit of or m opposition
to an amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Very well. Then
I move to amend by striking out the section. I
desire the gentleman from New York to state how
many officers we now have in the Navy on the act-
ive list independently of the temporary appoint-
ments.
