260
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 26,
3"7th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of llkbel Property—Mr. Wicldiffe^
Ho. of Reps.
-lsceifiincd by law, and to be inflamed of the nature and
cause of the accusation; to bo confronted with the wit
. ':!± amin«tr him ; to have compulsory process for ob-
tainlns witnesses in Ins favor, and to have the assistance of
counsel "for ins defense."
It is worthy of note, nay, sir, of admiration, by
all lovers of constitutional and personal liberty,
to see with what distinctness the safeguards of
liberty,• security of property, freedom of speech,
of the press, the rights of conscience in the wor-
ship of God, have been vouchsafed to the Amer-
ican citizen. It is our duty, our high privilege, as
the Representatives of the people, not to violate
these sacred provisions, or to permit others to
violate them with impunity.
Mr. Speaker, I might stop here and ask the ad-
vocates of these bills, is not the law now upon the
statute-book broad enough to embrace every crime
of treason, every offense enumerated m all your
bills? Have you no power to enforce them? Have
you not persons subject to process now in youi
power? Whore are the thousands of officers and
men taken with arms In their hands m flagrante
bello 9 Why not try them, punish them, under
your law as it now stands? If they are not guilty
of treason, there are none remaining to be capturcd,
guilty. Arc these efforts merely to reach the ne-
gro, to emancipate? I leave others to answer. Do
not understand that I am opposed to the infliction
of a just legal punishment prescribed by law ac-
cording to "due process of law." No, sir; no.
Let those who have with open eyes and guilty
hearts excited and prosecuted this rebellion be
tried and punished under the law, and according
to law.
One other clause of the Constitution must not be
overlooked in our deliberations upon these bills,
and the manyothersupon the same subjectwhich
have been introduced in this and the other House.
" The trial of all crimes, except m cases of im-
peachment, shall be by jury, and such trial shall
be held in the State where the said crimes have
been committed, but when not committed within
any State, the trial shall be at such place or places
as Congress may by law have directed."
These remarks have been made to show that
the law, as it now stands upon the statute-book,
is ample to punish all who are guilty of treason,
or rebellion, as it is termed m the bills, who de-
serve punishment.
You cannot change the nature or degree of the
offense of Unison by calling the offense by an-
other name. Open rebellion and resistance by
force of arms by citizens, though they act under
an organized form of government made by them-
selves, is treason, and to be punished as treason.
You may by legislation lessen the punishment,
but you eannotexceed that fixed by the Constitu-
tion. To cali treason by another name, that you
may have a pretext to violate the Constitution to
reach the estate of the offender, is a subterfuge
unworthy the American Congress—an open abuse
of powei.
That, my opinions and the remarks I may make
on this occasion may be understood, I state the
following principles which are clearly sustained
by the Constitution, the laws of the United States,
and fho laws of nations, and the laws which gov- 1
ern civilized nations and people in war:
]. Tin- Coii-tiUitioii. and tlic law- of the United State-?
made in pin ^lutce ihereof, and all iicaties made under the
authoiit> ot the United State-, arc the -supremo law ot the
land in time of war or tebellion, as well «i'< in time of peace,
an\ thing in the constitution or law-* ol any State to the eon-
muy notwithstanding.
:3. The right to disiuganl and violate the Constitution, or
any part theioof, by either ot the departments of the Gov-
ernment, does not exist any more m time of war or rebel-
lion than in tune of pcuee.
3. Thai the powois vested in Congress bv the Constitu-
tion oi the United State-, are not enlauied bv a<-tate of w.u,
i>m are ample and lull to enable the (iovermnent to puppies
a lebelhon, <>i to pio-ecute a war, without the exeteise o!'
power- not granted theiem.
I. A di-re<r<ird ot the piovisions of the Constitution, im-
dei the phu of necessity. by Congress, is dangerous to tree
government, and ultimately will make it a despotism if
eont rolled by an unptineipied ma|outy,dtuigetousto private
riiilit- and (ie-trncuvt or public lihnty.
That no State ha* the n^iit, by a'nv act, otdmsince, or
law, to ab<ol\e iL-elt oi any eitizen^ tiom their obligations
and duties impo-ed by the Con-titntion ot the United State*.
0. A u-belhon and open le-i-tanec: to the Constitution,
and the l.uv-! ol the United Stares made m puisuaneetlieieof,
cannot abio«ate the same; hut duung Mieii rebellion and
reMstance the lights and powers of the Constitution do
extend to the citizens in eveiy portion of the United States,
and the light and power of the Government, though ob
stiuctcd, are not destroyed. And when that
shall be overcome, the State governments and the citizens
thereof are rc&tored to all the lights and privileges secured
by the Constitution.
7 That open and forcible resistance, by arms, by tn~ cat
izen« of any portion of the United States is treason, to be
numshed as such hy the power of the Government undei
the provisions and limitations ol the Constitution.
8. That a citizen not engaged in actual war, but who re-
sides within the tenitoiy of a tie facto government, which
ism rebellion and at wai with the United States, i? not
guilty of tieason by obeying the orders ot such de facto gov-
ernment, or by contributing to its support.
9. That neither the Evucutive nor mihtaiy has the nBnt
to seize the property of a non-combatant in any of the se-
ceded States, and confiscate the same, even under the au-
thouty of an act of Congress. « No person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process ot law, is
the language of theConstitution. Therefore, all wholesale
bills confiscating estates, or piopeity of any kind, whether
land, slaves, or chattels, are in violation of the laws ot
Chnstian warfare, and foibidden by the Constitution ot the
United States.
Many of these positions arc self-evident and
need not be illustrated. The assumption is that a
State cannot by any act or ordinance absolve it-
self or the citizens thereof from the obligations
it owes as a member of the Union, or its citi-
zens from their allegiance to the. United States
Government; neither can a State deprive a citizen
of his right of protection,, or his privileges as a
citizen of the United States. Nor can the United
States deny to the citizen that protection which is
the consideration for his allegiance. Theserecip-
rocal rights may be obstructed by force, but when
that obstruction is removed the rights and obli-
gations revive and operate in full force. A State
cannot commit suicide and extinguish its political
existence as a State and a member of the Union
but in one way, and that is by successful revolu-
tion. Until the consummation of that revolution,
the Constitution, with all its privileges and bless-
ings, extends over every foot of the territory of
every State, and to every citizen thereof. These
principles must decide the character of the present
war between the seceded States and the United
States, and so far must control that war and ex-
empt it from some of the rules which govern a war
between alien independent nations. In a war be-
tween such nations, thcre.cxists no right to pun-
ish the soldier or citizen of the enemy for treason,
or to take his life oxceptin battle. In a rebellion like
that now existing in the South, the rightto punish
the captive taken in arms for treason, with all its
legal consequences, is unquestionable, if the rebel-
lion fail. But in a war to suppress a rebellion, the
parties engaged must regard and respect the rules
of civilized warfare during its existence.
Mr. Speaker, this brings me to the considera-
tion of the question so much and so often discussed
in thisllouse, " what are the now recognized laws
ofwarbetween civilized nations?" The chairman
of this well selected committee, [Mr. Eliot,] to
whom had been referred all the wild, mad, and un-
constitutional bills, twenty in number, has given
to the House the two bills under consideration.
I have carefully collected all of these bills. I shall
have them bound, and, with an appropriate title
page, preserved, that they may remain and be read
after the excitement of the day shall have sub-
sided, that those wtio may survive me shall take
warning from the evidences which they afford of
an utter disregard of the Constitution of the coun try
and the danger to civil liberty which such disre-
gaid threatens. And if our liberty and constitu-
tional Government shall survive the assaults made
upon it at this hour, or if it shall fail, then they
may find among the many causes of its overthrow
these evidences of the reckless efforts of legis-
lators, who substitute passion for patriotism as a
rule of action in the exercise of official duties and
powers.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot undertake to analyze all
of these bills. All of them, without an exception,
in their provisions propose to forfeit the whole of
the estate of the citizen for the crime of treason
without a trial byjury. They all ignore that great
right secured by Magna Charta and hallowed by
the Constitution of the United States, conviction
by jury, and judgment of guilt before punishment
or forfeiture.
This Congress of the United States, if these
bills pass, may be in after days, if not now, justly
entitled to the honoiable distinction of " the first
star chamber of the United States," and will ap-
propriate to itself the glories of the Parliament of
England in its worst days.
The learned chairman has predicated the right
and power to pass these bills upon the false but
assumed fact that the lands, the money, the rights
and credits, the cotton, the horse, the mule, the
negro of the South, are guilty agents, active and
powerful in the commencement and prosecution
of this rebellion. They are offending agents, re-
sponsible instruments, and therefore the Govern-
ment may seize them and confiscate them foi then
guilt, not that of the owner. Oh, no ! He says:
" I frankly admit if tlie Congress of the United States
were to undertake to pass a law to pun ish tiic crime of trea-
son witlun the limitations prescribed in this clause, [the
clause defining and punishing treason,] they could not at-
tach to the sentence and judgment attainting persons for
treason the fuifeiture of estate for a greater period than
during the life of the person attainted."
He adds:
" Hilt this bill makes no such proposition. So far as it
intended to operate npon citizens of tile United States it
waives tile cinno of treason, and undertakes to punish m
another loun and for another offense altogether different
from that contemplated by tiie second clause of the Consti-
tution."
Is this so? What offenses does the gentleman
propose to punish in his first bill by these words?
" Any person hereafter acting as an officer of the army
and navy of the rebels in arms against the Government of
the United States."
Does the chairman contend that the offense heie
described is not treason ? This is the offense for
which he proposes to forfeit the whole of the of-
fender's estate forever without trial by due process
of law. In his second bill I suppose he means to
provide also punishment for a different offense
other than treason. What is it as printed in his
bill?
" That if any person within any State or Territory ofthe
United States shall, after the passage of this act, willfully
encase in aimed rebellion against the. Government of the
United States, or shall willfully aid and abet, or adhere, &c.,
eveiy such person shall thereby ioifeit all claim to the ser-
vicer labor of any persons, commonly known as slaves,
and all such slaves are hereby declared free and forever
discharged from such servitude."
I put it to the gentleman, as a lawyer, if he
were upon the bench, where the passion of the
partisan politician, the accursed stultifying in-
fluence of abolition, should give way to the high
duties of the sworn judge, would lie instruct
the jury who had the accused on trial that the
facts, if proved by two witnesses, did not consti-
tute treason in the prisoner? Such sophistry as
is used 111 this debate to delude an honest but
excited nation at this time, is unworthy an age
ofenlightened jurisprudence and professional hon-
esty . It is un worthy the high character which once
belonged to the American Congress.
Mr. Speaker, the whole of these bills are an
attempt to punish treason, but all of them in then-
provisions are in violation of the Constitution.
This is a rebellion extended in its proportions
to civil war. The United States, reserving to the
Government the right of imposing and inflicting
the legitimate punishment for treason when and
where it is deserved, are bound to conduct it,
the war, by the Constitution, by the faw of na-
tions, the laws of war as recognized by the civil-
ized world. If you depart from these, adopt the
promptings of passion, cruelty, and revenge, you
will call down the condemnation of an outraged
national sentiment and of a Christian world.
Our duty, Mr. Speaker, is to put down this re-
bellion, call back by a spirit of justice—ay, sir, if
yon will have it, of forbearance and forgiveness—
those who have sinned against their Government
and their God. I admit this cannot be done now
without war, and in war blood must necessarily
be shed. Sorrow and mourning will cover the
land. The Government and the Union must be
preserved. 1 am not wont to approve the opin-
ions or to follow the advice of an abolitionist, but
on the present occasion 1 will read the ad vice and
admonition of one who seems not to have lost all
of his common sense, though he honestly, no
doubt, desires the freedom of the slaves of the
South.
The editor of the Boston Journal, well known,
110 doubt, to the delegation from Massachusetts,
in his paper recommends to his friends in Con-
gress the true course, and advises that Congress
