1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
to live, is another evidence of His all-pervading
mercy and goodness. I repudiate all their teach-
ings. I take the revealed Word of God as it is. I
take his visible creations as they are. I apply
my feeble and dim reason to the interpretation
of His will as it is thus spoken, and be/ond
that I dare not attempt to look into the awful mys-
tery. He has tolerated slavery for three thousand
seven hundred years. It will always exist in some
form or other; and in His own time, when He
wills it, He will bring it to its termination. He
may close it in its present form speedily. The
judgnientof the world, I admit, is against slavery
in its present form. It is in process of execution.
If that execution can go on slowly, gradually,
imperceptibly, as all the great processes of nature
to be beneficent and productive of good must, I
have no objection to its execution. But this rash,
empyrical execution that anticipates beforehand
the judgment of God, and seek as His chosen in-
struments themselves to become the executioners
of His judgment, I protest against totally.
But, Mr. President, it is sufficient to us that, in
the language of Phillips, the Constitution and the
law have written our right to our slaves. Wc
claim that Constitution as the law that secures
our right to that property.
Sir, I shall detain the Senate only a few minutes
longer; but before I-close, I will say a word or
two more. The President of the United States
and^he Senate and the House of Representatives
have pledged their honor, their faith, and their
word upon this subject. I will read the resolu-
tion passed in July last:
" Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Con-
gress of the United Stales, That the present deplorable civil
wai lias been foicod upon the country by the (h^umonitts
of the southern State-; now m aims, against the constitu-
tional Government and in aims aiound the capital;"—
that is all true, every word of it—
"that in this national emergency, Congiess, banishing all
feelings ot'inerc pa-^ion ot will recollect only
its duty to the whole eountty ; that tins wat is not wa<red
on their part m any '-pint of oppression, or tor any purpose
of conquest or buhiuuauon. 01 purpose o( ovcrthiowmg or
interfering with the s njht- 01 established institution-oftho^e
States, hut to detend and maintain the sapremwy of the
Constitution, and to preserve the Union with all the dignity,
equality, and lights of the --e^era! Suites unimpaired; and
that ns soon a-, these objects are accomplished the war
ought to cease."—Journal House of Representatives, first
session Thnty-Seventh Congress, p. 123.
That resolution passed the House of Represent-
atives with but two dissenting voices. In this
body the vote of my friend, the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] was against it.
The vote of one of the Senators from Massachu-
setts was not cast. The vote of the other, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Wilson,] was in its favor. All the other Repub-
lican Senators who were then present and m this
Chamber, stand committed by that solemn pledge
of record to abide by the principles of that resolu-
tion; and if they do that, the Union men of Ken-
tucky and of the border States ask nothing further
at theii hands. The President in his inaugural
address said:
"I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to intesfere
with the institution of slavery in the States vvheie it exists.""
There, sir, is the solemn pledge of the man who
is now the chief executive power of this nation—
a man, 1 believe, of good faith. He says further:
I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no
inclination to do so."
And in his annual message in July last, he said:
*' Le-t there be "some uneasiness m the minds of candid
men a^ to what is the eoini-o ol the Government towaid>
the i-outneiii State--,aftcrthr rebellion -hall h:ive hern «np-
pie-bed, the Executive deein< it ptopet to say it will he his
purpose then, as ever, to be jjuided by the Constitution and
the law - ; and that he vnll ptobably have nodilfeient under-
standing of rhe powcts and duties of the Fedeial Govern
incur relatuii to the lisbt- ot the States and tlie people
undei the Constitution, tnan that expressed iiuhe inaugural
address."
And to the same purpose and in fewer words a
resolution was passed in the House of Represent-
atives unanimously. "When were those resolu-
tions passed in the I wo Houses? When did the
honorable, patriotic men constituting; the two
Houses of Congress—the most augustand power-
ful legislative body upon earth next to the British
Parliament, for that claims to be omnipotent—
give that solemn pledge? It was on the 25th day
of July, if I recollect aright, three or four days
after the disastrous defeat and lout tit Bull Run.
The Republican party had then been inaugurated
in power, but it was in those dark days that it
gave that pledge. It was uncertain what position
the bolder States would take; and I say, now, if
the programme of measures which lias been pre-
sented and passed by the present Congress—I
speak of these propositions as a whole, an en-
tirety, with all their provisions and all their prin-
ciples—had been presented to the consideration of
Congress before or after the battle of Bull Run,
the people of the slave States would have come
unanimously to the conclusion that the party
lately installed in power—the Republican party—
did intend to make the war upon slavery. They
denied it. Your President denied it. Both Houses
of Congress, with unparalleled unanimity, denied
it. They denied it after the great disaster to their
arms. Your President denied it in his communi-
cation to General Fremont.
Sir, suppose these border States—little Dela-
ware, Maryland, Western Virginia, Kentucky,
Western Tennessee, anu Missouri had all been uni-
ted, as were South Carohnaand the cotton States,
against the Government, and you had made the
border States the theater of war, as it would have
become the thealer of war, what additional force
would you have had to oppose the reconstruction
of the Government and of the Union ? You would
have had fully two hundred and fifty thousand
more men in the field—not braver or better or truer
men in battle than the northwestern men, but their
equals. With such an increase of power to the
confederate arms, where, then, would have been
your Union ' That was the imposing condition
of circumstances that brought Congress and the
President to these pledges.
What were those pledges made for ? What were
they made by the President for > What were they
made by the two Houses of Congress for? Were
they to be kept in good faith, as they should be
fby honest, true, and patriotic men, or were they
made that they might deceive and betray ? Had
they any purpose at that time of violating this
pledge? Did tiiey make the pledge to the ear that
they might break jt to the hope ? I believe no such
monstrous proposition as that. I believe they
made it as faithful and true men. I ask them to
redeem that pledge m the spirit in which it was
given. If they do, all will go well; but if they do
not, I tell you, sir, that this war has only begun.
The Union never can be restored and it never can
continue except upon the great principle of the
inviolability of the Constitution and a recognition
practically as well as theoretically of the constitu-
tional right of the States respectively, and especially
of the slave States, to manage their own domes-
tic concerns. That is an essential principle of
Ameriem liberty, and it is as important and as
necessary a pillar to sustain the American system
a? is the supremacy of the General Government
itself within the sphere of its powers. The pros-
tration of either the constitutional power of the
General Government or the reserved rights of the
Slates would be equally fatal to the great Ameri-
can system. The people are pledged to its sup-
port, and to uphold it. It was so constructed by
Washington and his compeers. They have lived
under its protection and guidance. Their hearts
and their minds are given to it with a devotion
second only to their devotion to their religion.
They intend to adhere to that Constitution. They
will fight all who assail or attack it and threaten
its overthrow, they care not whether they come
from the North ortheSouth. I speak of the Union
men of the border States. They would repaid the
subjugation of the military power of the rebel
i States as no blessing if it is to be won by the sac-
. rifi.ee of the Constitution. If they are to transfer
i directly or by mdueetion. by questionable inci-
dental power,"their right, which they never pai ted
with, to have slavery or fi etdom as they will, and
! to regulate all of their oilier domestic policy, if
| that "ib to b<- the condition which this party in
| power intends to exact from them, they will never
! submit to it, and I here avow it as one of their
1 representatives.
| If the war is to be made in that form, proclaim
it. Yuu may overwhelm us, you may conquer
us, but you will never subdue us. But I tell you,
sir, that jhe people of the United States and the
Army of the United States will ue\er enter upon
such a crusade as that. Three fourths of that
noble and gallant Army that are now in the field
are as much devoted to the Constitution and to ali
the rights of American citizens as I am. The)'will
oppose you and all others who attack it stealthily
and indirectly. They will overthrow you. You
are now like the Assyrian king, reveling in your
halls of power, intoxicated by its possession,
dreaming of its perpetuity and all the good that it
is to bring to you; but before you know it, if you
proceed on your present course of policy, your
doom will be written upon the wall, as it was
against that ancient tyrant,
I want this war brought to a close in the field.
We want this work done; we want it done that
we may not have two wars upon the Constitution
at once. The war of the abolitionists in the Sen-
ate and in the House of Representatives and out
of Congress upon the Constitution is as much a
war as that of Jeff Davis and his confederate hosts.
We are equally the enemies of both. We want
to dispose of one war, that we may he engaged
singly with the other. We want the rebels sub-
dued that we may then commence an equally suc-
cessful and triumphant war upon the abolition
party, who arc trying to immolate the Constitu-
tion to their theories.
Mr. President, I have prepared a measure
which, if I have a chance—I do not know that I
shall—I will offer as a substitute for this bill. I
propose confiscation, and I propose it in a prac-
tical form. The honorable Senator from Minne-
sota thought I was trying to benefit Kentucky in
the proposition I make, and that I was somewhat
selfish and sectional by making it for the benefit
of Kentucky and the other border slave States;
but the idea did not originate with me. I derived
it from a former Senator in this body and a former
member of the House of Representatives from
Connecticut. He presented me with a bill that
restricted its operation entirely to the slave States.
1 told him it would not do; the bill was unjust;
tfint it would have to be made more liberal; andl
set to work and drew up one, forfeiting all the
estate of any person engaged in the rebellion, or
who should give aid and comfort to it, making the
bill prospective, and allowing thirty days' notice,
to give those who are still with the rebels knowl-
edge of the passage of such a bill, that they might,
if they chose, lepent and come back to their duty
and their allegiance to the Government.
I knew—and that was the reason why I intro-
duced one feature of it—the conscientious objection
of a great many men to the Government selling
slaves. With a view of obviating that objection, I
have proposed, as may rightfully be done, that the
forfeiture shall not inure to the United States Gov-
ernment, but to every person injured by the re-
bellion in his person or property. I propose that
where any man falls in battle or dies from disease
in this war, he shall be held to have received
damage from the confederates to the amount of
$5,000, and his personal representatives may sue
for or assign the claim. It is a very small esti-
mate to say that when this deplorable war is con<-
eluded, when blood ceases to flow, and the dove
of peace is again in our land, at least fifty thou-
sand stalwart men of the free States will have per-
ished. My bill would provide $250,000,000 for
the class of men who shall have thus died in the
service. I then provide that every man who shall
be disabled in the war to any extent, shall have a
chum upon this forfeited property of the confed-
erates to the amount of his actual damage, to be
ascertained by a jury. There will beat least fifty
thousand more that will be disabled to a greater
or less degree. Their damages would amount,
upon an average, say to §1,000. That would be
i §50,000,000 of additional claims that the true and
' patriotic men of the free States would have on the
! property of the rebels, the very men whobrought
this war on the country, and who had been the
cause of the infliction of death and disability upon
them.
I propose, furtheimore, that every man whose
debts or property have been seized, confiscated,
forfeited, or appropriated by the rebel govern-
ment, or any persons under Us authority, shall be
remunerated fully. These debts due to the North
are estimated to amount to §200,000,000. The
claims of northern men that are intended to be
provided for by this bill will amount at the close
of the war to not less than ^600,000,000. Sup-
pose the property of the rebels should be confis-
cated to the United States, and sold as indemnity
of the United St.itos for its expenses. Their lands
without their slaves would be of but little value.
The great amount of their wealth consists of their
slaves. These slaves amount to a little over three
