1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2741
Mr. SEDGWICK. There are sixty-three cap-
tains,ninety-seven commanders, and two hundred
and so verity-four lieutenants. That is all of the
line officers. Of masters in the line of promotion
there are sixteen.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw my
amendment.
No further amendment was offered.
The third section was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted. That the vessels of the
United States Navy shall bo divided into foui classes, to be
commanded, as near as nmv be, as follows: first rates, by
commodores; second rates by captains; third tales, by com-
manded; fourth rates, by lieutenant commanders; lieuten-
ant commanders may bo assigned as first lieutenants of
naval nations and vessels not commanded by lieutenant
commanders.
No amendment was offered.
The fouith section was read, as follows:
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy shall appoint an advisory boa id of officer* senior
to those to be icpoited upon, who shall carefully sciutinize
the active list of'itnc officers above and including the grade
of masters in the line of piomotion, and report to him in
writing those who, m the opinion of the boaid, aie worthy
of further promotion or other wise, in the following words :
"VVe hereby ceitify that has the moral, mental,
physical, and piofessional qualification* to perform effi-
ciently all his duties, both at sea and on shore, of the giade
to which he is to be promoted, and recommend him foi pio-
motion;" or,<£——————is not recommended foi further
promotion." If, in the opinion of the ho,ml, the disability
is purely physical, they will *o report to the. Depaitmeut,
when tinee naval surgeons will be dnected to examine the
officer, and their report shall annul or confiim that of the
board.
No amendment was offered.
The fifth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jind be it farthci enacted, That all the officers not
recommended by the board for further piomotion shall,
upon the approval of the finding of the board by the Presi-
dent, be placed upon the retired list.
No amendment was offered.
The sixth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 6 And he it farther cnactcd, That the officers rec-
ommended shall be immediately commissioned,according
to their present seniority, in the following grades and num-
bers, namely, eighteen commodmes, thnty-six captains,
seventy-two eomlnanders,one hundred and foity-four heu-
tenantcommandeisone handled and forfy-fourlieutenants
one, bundled and forty-four master®, and one bundled and
foitvfmn ensigns: Piovided, That tins number of oflieeis
remain upon the active li-t alter the action of the board,
otherwise so soon as the graduates fiomlhe Naval Acad-
emy arc available foi piomotion The next one hundred
and foity-four graduates tmrir the academy, aftei making
the above promotion-, shall be commissioned according to
merit a-, ensign*, b> and with the advicc and con-sent of
the Senate, taking rank according to the date of their com-
missions.
No amendment was offered.
The seventh section was read, as follows:
Sec. 7. -And he it further enacted, That a similar advis-
ory board shall be appointed at least once in every three
years: Provided, That the same officers shall not be eligi
ble for two successive terms.
No amendment was offered.
The eighth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That nine admit al« may
be commissioned, who shall be selected dming vvai froru
those officers, not below the grade of commanders,who shall
most eminently distinguish themselves by coinage, skill,
and genius in their profession : Piovided, That no officer
shall be promoted to this grade unless upon the recom-
mendation of the Piesident bv name, he has received the
thanks of Congress for distinguished sei vice. Duung times
of peace vacancies Uithis grade shall be filled by regular
promotion fiom the list of commodoies, subject to exami-
nation as aforesaid.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I see that the
eighth section excludes from promotion to the
rankofadmiralail whoshall not have distinguished
themselves in battle.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The bill has been altered
in that particular.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Thatonly shows
the futility of our attempting to legislate in this
way.
Mr. SEDGWJCK. It only shows that if the
gentleman would listen to the reading, he would
not be under any misapprehension.
No amendment was offered.
The ninth section was read, ns follows:
Sec. And be it farther cnactcd. That an officer who
has, upon tecommendation of the Piesidcnt by name, ic
ceived the thanks ot Congress for distinguished service,
shall be rented when he 1ms been sixty years in the sci vice,
and not befoie.
Mr. WHEELER. I am a little doubtful
whether tins section applies to cases where a vote
of thanks is passed after the passage of the act.
With a view of removing that doubt, I offer the
following substitute for the section:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That whenever, on the
recommendation of the President of the United States, any
officer of the Navy has received, or shall leccive, by name,
during the present war, a vote of thanks of Congress for dis-
tinguished oonduet in conflict with the enemy, such officer
shall not be retired until he has been sixty years in the
naval service of the United States.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In order to make his amend-
ment conform to the section, I suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York to substitute " distin-
guished service" for " distinguished couduct in
conflict with the enemy."
Mr. WHEELER. Very well. I modify my
amendment in that respect. I adopted the lan-
guage of that section.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Is it in order
to move a further amendment?
The SPEAKER. The section may be amended
by addition, but not by striking out.
Sections ten and eleven, to which no amend-
ments were offered, were then read, as follows:
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That any line officer
of the Navy or marine corps may be advanced one. giade if,
upon recommendation of the Pi evident byname, he receives
the thanks of Congress tor distinguished conduct in conflict
with the enemy, or for extraoidmaiy heroism in the line of
his piolrssion.
Sko. 11. And be it farther enacted, That any person who
shall have received a temporaly appointment as acting vol-
nnteei lieutenant, or acting master in the Navy from civil
life, anthonzed by the act of Congic-s of July 24,1861. may
be eon fumed m said appointment in the Navy and placed in
the line of promotion from the date of said confirmation, if,
upon the i ('commendation of the PicMdent, he jecuives the
thanks of Congie^ lor highly met itoi ions conduct in con-
flict with the enemy: Piovided, The number of oflrccis al •
lowed in each giade by this act shall not be exceeded. Sea-
men di "iingUHhing themselves in battle, or by extiaoidinsuy
heroism m the line of their profession, maj be promoted to
foi ward wanant oflieeis, or acting mantels' mates, as they
nmv be best qualified, upon th*-' i ecommendation of iheir
commanding officer, approved bj the flng-offieei and the De-
paitment. I.pon such piomotion they s-hall receive a ptatu-
ity ot ,^lu0,atul a medal ol honoi to be prepared bj the Navy
Depaitmmt.
Section twelve was read, as .follows:
Src. 13. And be it further enacted, That the students at
the Naval Academy shall be styled midshipmen until their
graduating examination, when, if successful, they shall
icceive commissions as ensign, to take position accoiding to
mcut. 'That the number oi midshipmen allowed at the
Naval Academy shall he two foi eveiy Member and Dele-
gale oi the iiou-eoi Repie^entatives, two uom tlieDisinet
o! Columbia, and tm fiom the States "at large." Ail va-
cancies-hall be filled between the 5th of Maich and the
1st ot July of' each year m the foi lowing manner: Tin* tiec-
tetary of the X ivy, as soon attei the 0th of Mar* h .is <i va-
cancy shall be found to e\i-t. shall notify the member of
Congress representing such distsict, who will immediately
designate three piopei persons, one ot whom shall consti-
tute a boaid "i the examination of such candidates a< the
member may send before it. The number ot said candi-
dates shall not be le.-s than seven, piovided that numbei
offers, and each candidate shall be notless than live feet m
height, between the ages of lourteen and sixteen, physie-
allv fcOirtid, and of tobu^t constitution. The examination
to be conducted according to printed regulations fuitu-ihed
by the Socretaiv of the \av>. If one vacancy shall exist
fiom the depict, tin4 thiec best candidates, and if two
vacancies shall e\u-t, then the live best candidate-, in the
ot dei of their mom, shall be certified to by the board, and
appioved by the Member or Delegate, and tian-mittcd to the
tfeeietary of the Navy, who -hall is-aiea permit lor the most
piofinent of {he fin ee to piesenthimself.it the Naval Acad-
emy for examination. If sueocssiul, he shall receive the
appointment of actms mid-hipman; if unsuccessful, the
sco'id on the list shall icceivea peimrf,and m ea*e ot his j
failn®, the fluid. If ail tluce fail, a vacancy shall exist,to |
be filled a< above mentioned. The appointment^ from the ,
the District of Columbia shall be made in the same manner t
a< those fiom the congiesMonal distucts, except that the j
candidates sent beioi e the boaid -hali b- designate d by the j
Piosidcnt. The ten appointments at lar<?e shall be of the i
same ape and physical ivqutiements as all or hoi-, and shall •
be selected by the hoard ol naval oxamineis at the Naval
Academv at the annual examination from f-ueli i andidatct* !
as the President simll -end belore if, not oxeeedni" in inim- :
bet thirty: Pi o nded, That a permit shali onlv !>«■ lo anted to .
first: the son oi gt andson of one who has set vod in the U'ii- ,
ted States Navy or marine corps : sceond, the son oi grand- >
son of one who has seived m the United States Army or j
United State- volunteers. No midshipman whoshall be ,
dismissed upon the iccommendatrou of the academic boaid ,
shall injam he reinstated in the Navy ; nor shall any officer ;
dismissed by the sentence of court-maitial ever again be- j
come an officet of the Navy. |
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am not pre- |
pared, without having the scction before me, to '
submit the amendment I desire in form, but to :
enable me to suggest in substance what I desire, j
I will move to amend by substituting for that por- I
tion of tfie section which provides for the appoint- |
menfs of midshipmen, the following: j
Midshipmen shaii be appointed in the same manner as j
cadets arc now appointed in the Mihtaiy Academy. .
We have found no difficulty, Mr. Speaker, in i
making our appointments of cadets to the Mili-
tary Academy, or in the appointments of students
t£> the Naval Academy, under the existing laws
and regulations. At this time, all appointments
of cadets to the Military Academy are made upon
the recommendation $f the Member of Congress
representing the congressional district from which
the cadet is to be appointed, cxcept ten, who are
appointed at large by the President. The same
system m substance exists in respect to the ap-
pointment ofcadets to the Naval Academy, except
that no appointments by the President at large
are authorized. But it is now proposed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to so change the sys-
tem that where there are several applicants for the
place, an examination of the candidates must take
place. In other words, you must bring from the
remote parts of the country the persons who are
applicants for the appointment of cadet in the Na-
val Academy, for tlie purpose ofsubjecting them
to an examination, after which the appointments
are to be made according to the degree in which
they may pass examination. You will thus in-
cur a very considerable expense in bringingfrom
remote parts of the country the applicants, and
returning those who are unsuccessful.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman misunder-
stands the provisions of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. That is as 1 un-
derstood it. I listened as carefully as possible to
the reading of the bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. These applicants are to be examined at
home.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Take forinstance
the State of Texas, with two congressional dis-
tricts: where will you fix the place of examina-
tion?
Mr. MOORHEAD. At some point in each
congressional (Ustuct.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Still there will be
involved the expenses oftravelingexamining offi-
cers, who are to visit these boys at their homes
and examine them before they can be admitted to
the Navai Academy. I sec no good result to be
accomplished by the incurring of this expense
upon the part of the Government, and I prefer,
therefore,that the presentsystem shall be contin-
ued. As at present advised, however, unless the
section can be before us in such a form as will en?
able us to make such amendments as will obviate
the objections to which it is obviously liable, I
shall move to strike out the whole section of the
bill, although there may be piovisions in it which
would meet my approbation. 1 desire to sec those
who are admitted to the Naval Academy appointed
in the same manner as the cadets are appointed to
the Military Academy. No difficulty, so far as I
am aware, has #rown out of that system. If the
boy recommended by a member of Congress fails
to pass examination the appointment for that dis-
trict remains vacant until another year, when an-
other person can be appointed.
Again: I do not concur in the propriety of the
requirement tlwit in making his selection the Presi-
dent of the United States shall be confined to the
children or grandchilden of officers of the Navy.
It is providing in fact for building up offices in the
Navy to be inherited, to be letained in the fam-
ilies of those who are now in the Navy, it has
been the custom in times past, and a very proper
custom, to appoint to those places the sons of of-
ficeis in the Navy. But i can see no reason why
the appointments should be limited to them alone.
If this provision is adopted in respect to the Naval
Academy, we shall next be asked to provide that
those to be appointed to the Military Academy
shall only be sons of officers of the Army. For
the present I will move simply to strike out the
section.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Theobjection to the present
mode of appointment is this: of the students who
are sent therefrom time to time on recommenda-
tion of members,it has been shown in practice that
at least two thirds or one half have failed before
their course of induction has expired. The re-
quirement of examination of the candidate is very
limited, so limited that hardly any one of ordinary
capacity will fail to be admitted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. How are you
going to remedy the difficulty by appointing exam-
iners, who are to be naval officers, to be sent to the
western States and to all the States of the Union
for the purpose of examining these applicants?
