1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T5B
the little village where this election was held at
least an expression from two whole counties, now,
thank God, disinthralled; and 1 hope before the
twelve days shall expire presciibed by these laws
of Virginia, the whole di&trict will be redeemed,
and they will have an opportunity to express, as
fully as my district or any gentleman's district
has, their wishes m sending a Representative here.
But the memorialist says one thing more, Mr.
Speaker, that I desire to notice. He says that he
has brought up here a certificate of the canvassers
at the county seat, and he has read the law, show-
ing, as he says, that that certificate is in all re-
spects in conformity to law. It isacertificate made
five days after the election by the three holders
of this election, on the 24th day of Octobcr, and
to show that it is in conformity with law, he read
what I now read:
" The officeis conducting tlie election at the court-houses
of the several counties shall meet at the court-houso ot the
county oi corpoiation that named in the law describing such
dlsti ict on a certain day after that appointed by law lor the
commencement of Fuch cloction, on which ceitam day"
* * * " they shall compare the returns from
their le.spective counties, and shall declare elected the
peison having the greatest number of votes in the whole
distuct "
The ceitificate, he says, is in exact conformity
with law, and lie read the law as I have read jt.
I do not know that I ever sat in a courtand heard
'a lawyer, or any party, read from a statute to the
court, omitting in the reading an essential part of
the law—that on which the case rests. I was look-
ing in the book while this was being read, and
pcrccived that that essential provision of the law,
prescribing that this should be done fifteen days
after the election was held, was omitted by the
memorialist in reading the statute. He has also
omitted it in his speech in the Globe to-day, sup-
plying its place with stars. He declared that the
conductors of that election had conformed to the
law five dnys after the election, omitting the pro-
vision that it should not be done until fifteen days
afterwards.
I make no further comment on that proceeding,
except to say that the statute itself shows that this
certificate was not in conformity to law. It was
made by men who had, according to the laws of
Virginia, no moie authority to make it than Iliad.
But that makes no difference," says my friend
from New York, [Mr. Diven,] who ordinarily has
such a regard for the Constitution and laws that
lie is compelled to sit up at nights in charge of
that instrument, with a bottle of liniment in his
hand ready to rub any sprain or bruise that the
dear old creature may receive in these slippery
times. He received yesterday, all of a sudden, a
new unction, and, throwing oft'this anxiety which
has been to him a sort of nightmare up to this
time, he leaped forth into a freer atmosphere, and
said that it mattered little to lum whether this man
was elected according to the forms required by the
Constitution and laws or not. He only wanted
to know 
Mr. DlVELs1. Allow mo to correct the gentle-
man. I said not one word about the Constitution
of the United States. I alluded to the constitu-
tion and laws of Virginia that have been usurped
by the State authorities.
Mr. DAWES. That, Mr. Speaker, is another
instance of a man's being in too much of a hurry.
I did not state that the gentleman said he was go-
ing to " run a muck" against the Constitution of
the United States. I only said that he declared
that all he wanted to know to govern his vote was
two things: " was this a loyal man, and did any-
body ob]ect to his coming here to get his seat?"
Mr. DIVEN. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. These are the rules prescribed
by my friend.
Mr. DIVEN. I again ask to correct the gen-
tleman. I did not say that all I wanted to know
was that nobody in his district objected. I said
that all I wanted to know was that the loyal peo-
ple of that district desired he should represent
them here.
Mr. DAWES. I think I said that the gentle-
man stated he did not care whether the election
conformed to the law or not.
Mr. DIVEN. If the gentleman said so, lie mis-
represented me again; for I said no such thing.
Mr. DAWES. I will not misrepresent the gen-
tleman, for nobody bows with moie profound ic-
spcct to his constitutional arguments than myself;
and I was pained to the bottom of my heart when
I heard him throw all his constitutional doctrines
to the wind, and say that he did not care how the
people expressed their opinion in the choice of a
Representative; whether it was in conformity to
law or not. He stated, the memorialist stated, and
others stated, that they did not care if only one
loyal voter expressed his opinion and cast his vote
for this man, that he still had a right to his seat.
Let us look at that.
Mr. DIVEN. The gentleman will find no such
expression as that in my speech.
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. McKxight] came here a moment ago, and
asked the question, whether anybody from the
first district of Virginia objected to this man hold-
ing his -seat. Now, I want to make a remark on
.the position taken by the memorialist and by the
gentleman from Kentucky, to wit: that if one loyal
voter cast his vote for this man, it was enough. I
suppose that in law a voter may cast his vote for
whom he pleases. He therefore has the same
right to vote for himself as for anybody else. If
forms are nothing, he could take off his hat, put
his ballot in it for himself, put his hat on his head,
start for Washington, report accordingly, and take
his spat. I trust that there is one loyal man in
Keitt's distiict in South Carolina. Suppose that
that man watches his opportunity, writes his
name on a piece of paper, takes off his hat,-and
puts the piece of paper in it, then watches anofher
opportunity, and starts for Washington; what
then? I do not think that anybody from Keitt's
district would object, or would come here protest-
ing against his admission. But would my friend
from New York vote him into his seat? Will the
memorialist say, after all, that he could carry his
doctrine to that length ?
Sir, there are principles involved in this case
which we have got to meet. Wo have got to say
how it is that representation on this floor shall
again appear in these districts. Republican insti-
tutions, as developed on this continent, are daily
undergoing new tests. Over some of them they
triumph; to some of them impartial history will
have to record that they yield. Whether this
rebellion shall be put down or not is not the only
question. Involved in all this, and beside all this,
is the question whether these institutions contain
within themselves the piinciple and power of self-
preservation, or whether they contain only the
seedsof decay and dissolution. How is thisUnion
to be restored? How shall representation from
these revolted States again appear on this floor?
What aie the recuperative energies of those insti-
tutions of our body politic, by which, as in the hu-
man system, those gaping wounds are to be healed
and those lost parts supplied ? I for one, sir^have
no hope except in restoration. I long for it as the
only salvation. I long; for the reappearance of those
alars, now obscure, in this our firmament, revolv-
ing around this central orb, held by one common
centripetal force. Whetherthis constellation shall
move on among the nations of the earth in gran-
deur and in glory through ages yet to come, ful-
filling and completing that cycle whercunto it was
appointed by 11 mi who holds the destinies of na-
tions, as of individuals, in His hands, is the ques-
tion involved here to-day. IIow aic these lost
staistobe brought back? IIow arc these severed
parts to be restored and reinstated in the perform-
ance of their legal functions?
Whenever, Mr. Speaker, we shall be enabled,
by force of arms, or through returning reason, to
relieve any one district of occupation by armed
rebels, so that the loyal voters, be they many or
be they few, shall be at liberty to express their
choice for a Representative on this floor, then I for
one, and the Committee of Elections as a body,
and, I trust, this whole House, will be willing to
welcome their Representative with open hands,
and to nurse such a constituency into a living,
powerful body politic, ready once again to per-
form those functions with which they have been
clothed by the Constitution of the United States.
That question, Mr. Speaker, is bound up in this
case. Talk about twenty-five men, in a dark cor-
ner down by a hotel kept by this claimant, casting
their votes m this manner, without form of law,
as involving the great right of representation! It
isamockery to repiescntation itself. Itisamock-
eiy to the treedom of election. It is speaking m
the face of the free voters of two whole counties,
now asking for a voice in this election, to say that
this man shall estop them hereafter from express-
ing their opinion as to who sh^ll represent them.
I ask this House to look at it, and, determine
whether they will disfranchise—that is the word
of my friend from New Yoik—the first congres-
sional districtof'Virginia, by saying that this man,
without votes and without voters, shall occupy the
seat which the voters of that congressional district
will be ready, the first moment that Congress or
the executive power of this Government does its
duty by knocking off the chains, to say for them-
selves who th<>y shall have to represent them.
The SPEAKER announced that debate was
closed.
Mr. UPTON. 1 trust the House will allow me
a single word.
No objection was made.
Mr. UPTON. I only want to say a single word.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Elections asks how in future, when these ques-
tions shall come up again, they shall be provided
for. Sir, there is in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States a clause under which, if the House or
Congress will exercise the authority conferred
upon it, ample provision may be made against any
such future difficulty. I have for some time
awaited an opportunity to submit a resolution in
the House winch shall regulate these cases for the
future.
Mr. COX. I must object to any more discus-
sion upon this question <Tut oYorder,
Mr. UPTON. Simply a word to finish the sen-
tence. I say I have for some time desired the
opportunity to offer a resolution instructing the
Committee of Elections to consider the expedi-
ency of providing by law the time and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Representa-
tives, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. DAWES. I can relieve my friend from
any such trouble by stating that more than a week
ago I gave notice of my intention to introduce a
bill for that purposc,andthatsuchabill is in course
of preparation in the Committee of Elections.
Mr. UPTON. The gentleman's notice had es-
caped my observation.
Mr. SEGAR. I ask leave of the House to make
a personal explanation. It is due to my character
as a man. 1 ask them to allow me five minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is closed upon the
subject before the House.
The question being first upon the amendment
submitted by Mr. Noell, it was read,asfollows:
Strike out all after the word "resolved," and insert In
lieu thereot the following:
That Joseph Scgar is entitled to a seat in this House as
a Representative in the Thirty-Seventh Congress from the
first congressional district in Virginia.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 40, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph Baily, Jacob B. Blair, William
G Biown, Calvert, Coining, Craven-:, Crittenden, Diven,
Duell, Dunlap, Fe&sendcn, Fisher, Fouke, Granger, Grider,
Hairison, William Kellogg, Killlnger, Knapp, law, Leh-
man, MePheison, JVXalloiy, Maj-naul, Moorhead, Noell,
Puce, Ilicharrison, Riddle, James S. Rollins, Smith, Strat-
ton, Francis Thomas, Tnun, Upton, Wadsworth, Ward,
Whaley, Wickiifle. and Wright—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
GcoigoII. Browne, Buflmton, Buinliam, Campbell, Cham-
bcilin, Claik, Frederick A. Conkhng, Roscoe Conkling,
Goiiwayj Cox, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, English, Franchot, Goodwin, Hale, llickinan, Hol-
man, Hooper, Hutching Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, Landing, Lascar, Loomis, Lovejoy, jMcICean,
Marston, May, Mcnzio<, Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Justin
S.Morrill, Noble, Patton, Pendleton, Pike, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Alexander II. Rice, John II- Itice, Robinson, Edward
II. Rollins-, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, John
B. Steele, Benjamin F.Thomas,Tumble, Trowbridge, Van
Horn, Van Valkcnbuigh, Van Wyck, Verree, Wall, Wal-
lace, Chailcs W. Walron,E. P. Walton, Webster, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Chilton A. White, Wilson, Windom,
YVood, Woodruff, and Worccatei—65.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. Bailey, of
Massachusetts, had withdrawn from the House
in consequence of indisposition, and he had paired
with him on this vote. Mr. Bailey would have
voted " no," and he (Mr. McKiiigiit) would
have voted "ay."
Mr GOXstated that Mr.NuGENhad been called
homo by sickness in his family.
Mr. PERRY stated that he had paired with Mr.
Goocn.
