760
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 12,
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
The resolution reported by the committee was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress from the first district in Virginia.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the resolution wasadopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF ARMY BAKERIES.
On motion of Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous con-
sent, the Senate joint resolution No. 32, direct-
ing the removal of the Army bakeries from the
Capitol, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.No.
255) making an appropriation for the purchase of
cotton and tobacco seed for general distribution;
when the Speaker signed the same.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Mr. SHEFFIELD,, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Judicial y be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of increasing the salary of
the district attorney of the United States for the district of
Rhode Island, and report by bill or otherwise.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. COX. I hold in my possession certain
papers relating to the Iowa contested election,
which I desire to piesent, have printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. 1 must object to the motion
to print, until the committee have examined and
ascertained the nature of the papers.
Mr. COX. I will then withdraw the motion to
print.
The papers were received, and referred to the
Committee of Elections.
MICHIGAN RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, presented sundry resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Michigan; which were
appropriately referred, and ordered to be printed.
DELAWARE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. FISHER, by unanimous consent, presented
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Del-
aware, relative to fortifications for the protection
of the Delaware breakwater; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affaira, and oidercd
to be printed.
IROX-OLAD GUNBOATS.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous
consent, House bill No. 153, to authorize the
construction of twenty iron-clad steam gunboats,
was taken from the Speaker's, table for the pur-
pose of action on the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Line five, after the umd "inteiest," insert ihe woids
"not exceedami add to the end of the lull us follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enaetcd, That the sum of
{§10,000,000 !> •. and i  iieioby, uppropt Kited out ofany money
in the Treasury not othei wise appiopiiated, to cany out rlie
puiposes of this act.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved the jircvious ques-
tion upon the amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask whether the
amendments have been reported on by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of this House?
Mi\ SEDGWICK. The committee have had
them informally under consideration, and recom-
mend concurrence m the amendments.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the Speaker wheth-
er this bill docs not make an appropriation, and
whether it is not requisite, therefore, that it shall
have its iirst consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The bill makes an appro-
priation, but unanimous consent was given to
take it from the Speaker's table for consideration
at this time. It is, therefore, now too late to
make the qucbtion of oidei.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendments were concurred
in, and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OJ? MR. SEGAR.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms pay to Joseph Se-
gar the usual pay and mileage of a member of this House
until this day.
Several Members objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at ten
minutes before four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 12, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Second Auditor of
the Treasury Department, transmitting copies of
all accounts which have been received at that office
from persons charged with the disbursement of
moneys, goods, or effects for the benefit of the In-
dians, from the 1st of July, 1860, to the 30th of
June, 1861; which, on motion of Mr. Doolittle,
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of William
J. Best, alleging that he enlisted in the naval ser-
vice in February last, and on the 27th of June last,
in an engagement with the rebels at Matthias
Point, was severely wounded and mutilated, and
praying that his pension may be increased; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KING presented the following petition;
which he read in his place:
To I he honoi able Senate and House of Rcpi esentatwes of (he
United States of America :
We, the Park Congregational Church of the city of Brook-
lyn, State of New York, believing that the darkest hour of
our country's pen! its f;wt approaching, and that the lime
has fully come when it js necessaiy to use the most effect-
ive means to crush the effort now making to oveithrow the
Government ami subvoitthe liberties, ofthe people,and that
a longer persistence in the present policy of the Adminis-
tration will seeme the intervention of foreign Poweis, and
loifeit the appiobation of Heaven, do moist fervently piay
vyour-honorable body to provide l>> law for the confiscation
of all the propel ty of rebels, and the entire emancipation of
slave", with remuneration to loyal ma&teis. Believing this
to be the iuos>t effectual, ll not the only means liy which the
icbelhon can be speedily and permanently suppressed, tor-
emu Intel lerenee prevented, the vengeance of a just Cod
aveiled, nalional existence preseived. and the blessings of
Iibejty foi oui^eh'es and our posterity sccuied, wc earn-
estly uige its immediate adoption.
On Mr. King's motion the petition was laid on
tho table.
Mr. KING also presented a petition from citi-
zens of the town of Depeyster, St. Lawrence
county, New York, praying for the passage of a
law making homoeopathic surgeons eligible to at
least oneeighlh ofthe surgical appointments in the
Army and Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Mihtia.
He also presented a petition of merchants and
ship-owners of the city of New York, remonstrat-
mg against the passage of any act conflicting with
the present laws of Congress relating to pilotsand
pilotage; which was referred to the Commitee on
Commerce.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying for the establishment of
homoeopathic hospitals for the Army and Navy
of the United States and the appointment of per-
sons skilled in homoeopathy as surgeons of these
hospitals; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Richard Gar-
diner, M. D., and two hundred and twelve others,
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
for the passage of a law making homoeopathic sur-
geons eligible to at least one eighth of the surgical
appointments m the Army and Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
William H. Young, colonel of Kentucky cavalry,
praying for pay for actual services rendered, and
that he may be restored to his command, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
David McComb and others, clerks in the navy-
yard at Washington, praying for additional com-
pensation, reported the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
Resolvedj That the prayer of the petitioners ought not to
be granted.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 153)
to authorize the construction of twenty iron-clad
steam gunboats.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (PI. R.
No. 255) making an appropriation for the pur-
chase of cotton and tobacco seeds for general dis-
tribution; which thereupon received the signature
of the Vice President.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 196) for the establishment
of a national foundery and furnace for the fabric-
ation of cannon and projectiles for the Govern-
ment; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
MESSAGE EROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. i80) authorizing the detail of
naval officers for the service of the War Depart-
ment; and
An act (S. No. 190) to authorize an additional
issue of United States notes.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(H. R. No. 153) to authorize the construction of
twenty iron-clad steam gunboats; which there-
upon received the signature of the Yice President.
SALE OF LIQUOR TO INDIANS.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was rcfeired the bill (H. R.
No. 186) to amend an act entitled u A n act to reg-
ulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes
and to preserve peace on the frontiers,"approved
.Tune 30, lt>34, have directed me to report the bill
back to the Senate, with a recommendation that
it do pass; and I ask that it be passed now. It
will take no time.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
so to amend the twentieth section of the act of
June 30, 1834, as to make it read as follows:
Sec. 20. And he it farther enacted, That If any person
shall sell, exchange, give, barter, or dispose of any spiritu-
ous liquor or wine to any Indian under the charge of any
Indian superintendent or Indian agent appointed by the
United State?!, or shall introduce or attempt to introduce
an> vpuituous liquoi or wine into the Indian eouutrv, such
peison, on conviction theieof before the pioper distnct
court of the United States, shall be imprisoned lor a period
not exceeding two jears, and shall be fined not mose than
$•300: Provided, hoiveicr, That it shall be a sufficient de-
lense to any charge of introducing or attempting to intro-
duce liquor into the Indian countiy if it be proved to he done
by order of the War Department, or of any officer duly au-
thouzed thereto by the War Department. And if an}7 superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, Indian agent or sub-agent, or com-
manding officer of a military post, has icason to suspect oi is
informed that any white person or Indian is about to intio-
duceorhas introduced any spirituous liquor oi wine into the
Indian countiy, in violation of the piovisions of this section,
it shall be lawful fur such supeiintendent, agent, sub-agent,
or commanding officei, to cause the boats, 6tores, packages,
wagons, sleds, and places of deposit of such person to be
searched ; and if any such Jiquor i  found therein, the same,
