2742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
■ Mr. SEDGWICK. It requires no naval abil-
ity to constitute an examining officer. The onjy
examination to be made is as to whether the
applicant is of sound constitution and has made
reasonable progress in his studies.
The difficulty is this, then,4hat when these boys
go into the school they receive an education for a
year or two at- the public expense. They then
fellfand go out of the Navy, and the public de-
rive no benefit whatever for the expense it has
'Men at for the education it has furnished. So the
expenditure on the part of the United States is en-
tirely lost, absolutely thrown away.
- This is a matter of patronage. It is hard for
many of us to reject the sons of our neighbors
and friends, and still harder to reject our own,
when justice would require it. You here compel
the member to nominate seven candidates. Gen-
tlemen will see that it would bo a great expense
to send these young men for examination to the
school. Each member is to nominate three gen-
tlemen in his own district, and those who have
scholars as applicants will take good care that the
examination shall be carried on with fairness.
Now, there is no district where you cannot find
three men who will not be ready to attend and
examine the applicants for this position—the time
and place to be selected by the member of Con-
gress. You then have this preliminary guard
against the failure of scholars at the school. In-
stead of a scholar by favoritism, you select a
scholar forhis competency,hissoundnessof mind,
and soundness of body, and you send him there
for examination. If there has been any unfair
examination by the committee selected by the
member of Congress, it will be rectified by the
board of the school. You are likely then to get
young men who will go through the school, and
be of some service to the country. The experience
has been that only between one half and two thirds
of those who are now sent to the school go through.
The average of classes graduating at the Naval
School does not exceed from eighteen to twenty-
four. It is for this reason—to prevent favoritism
and to procure better classes—that this provision
of law for pieliminary examination is required.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have now ready
the amendment which i propose to insert in lieu
of the proposition of the committee.
Mr.WASHBURNE. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to amend in regard to the size of the appli-
cants ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not. I pro-
pose to substitute seventeen instead of sixteen, so
that it will read, " the applicant shall be from four-
teen to seventeen years of age."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
that the appointment to the Naval Academy shall
be as it has been heretofore; and I move this
amendment for the purpose of saying a word or
two on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Missouri to the original proposition of the
Naval Committee.
First, in relation to the question of favoritism
and the difficulty of appointment by members of
Congress. The proposition of the committee is
only a change m the degree. You select the num-
ber of applicants according to the number that is
to be appointed. It is only in degree, and not in
practice, that you change the manner of appoint-
ment; and now what is the answer to this propo-
sition?
It is proposed that these applicants for appoint-
ment shall be competitors before an examining
board, and they are to succeed on the merit of edu-
cation. The object of the Naval School, according
to my idea, is to receive boys and to educate them,
to receive robust young men and to educate them
at the expense of the Government, which they are
to reimburse by the service which they are to ren-
der in after years in the Navy of the United States.
The merit of this plan is that it permits you to
select meritorious boys from all classes and from
all parts of the country. Suppose you make the
appointment depend on the education they have
received: you will then have adopted a rule the
effect of which will be to throw out aH boys of
poor parents. It is very well known that where
success between the applicants is to depend upon
proficiency of education, of course the sous of rich
parents will be enabled to carry off the prize, be-
cause they have the means which poor boys have
not to provide them with the advanced education
necessary for a fair trial.
The result of the principle now presented to us,
and which it is attempted to have adopted, will
cause all these appointments to the Naval Acad-
emy to be taken from that class whose parents
and guardians have been enabled to perfect them
in the education necessary to be followed m that
academy. It is in violation of the great principle
which has heretofore been adopted in reference
to this Naval School. Scholars are taken with-
out demanding of them education in the different
branches which they are hereafter to pursue, and
1 think it would be hard to ingraft on this system
the provision of law that out of the applicants
who may be presented only those shall receive
appointments who shall be found most proficient
in the higher branches of education. It will take
all appointments away from that class of persons
who ought to be fostered, it will take all these
appointments away from poor boys who may be
meritorious, but whose fathers may not be able to
supply the means to advance them m the branches
of education on which they arc to be examined,
and it will give all of them to the sons of lich
men. I think that this is an unfair discrimina-
tion against the poorer classes of our citizens,
from whom in the past we have derived many naval
officers of high distinction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois entirely mistakes the purpose of this amend-
ment. It is not to require any more education
from the boy, or to examine him in any higher
branches of study than those upon which you now
examine him at the school. The idea of getting
a boy with higher education than it has been pos-
sible for a poor boy to obtain is out of the ques-
tion. Nothing of the kind is required.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Are not the ex-
aminers to take the most proficient from those
who are examined?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The most proficient in the
studies required at the school.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Precisely what I
say.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Those who exhibit the
most talent and the best constitution. The gen-
tleman is protected by this amendment, because
when the examining hoard, which he designates
himself, has made its report of three of the candi-
dates, that report is subject to his revision. It is
a provision made to prevent a member taking his
own son without competition and without giving
a chance to poor boys to get appointments in the
Naval School. The design is to prevent the very
thing against which the gentleman is declaiming.
Each member is compelled to have such an ex-
amination in his district and among his neighbors
as to prevent his sending a boy to the academy
to go through a miserable existence there, and in
one or two years, after he has been an expense of
§1,000 to the Government,to fall through and never
render any adequate return to the Government.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Where there are
two boys of equal capacity, mental and physical,
I would inquire whether it is in the power of that
board to award the appointment to cithci of them
unless he shall be most proficient in the branches
of education required in the academy?
Mr. SEDGWICK. He must be proficienfcn the
branches required in the school, which branches
are addition, subtraction, reading, and writing.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then those who
obtain this proficiency from the educational ad-
vantages of the country receive the appointments
to the exclusion of those who, from poverty or
otherwise, cannot obtain that proficiency from the
schools of the country.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The poor boy who docs
not know those branches cannot get into the school
anyway.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then why spe-
cify that the most proficient shall receive the ap-
pointment if there is no difference in the boys?
Mr. SEDGWICK. There is a difference in
boys, and that is the very thing this amendment
is intended to bring out. It is not intended to al-
lowa member, without challenge and wuhoutpub-
lic notice, to take a boy who happens to be a fa-
vorite of his, and because he happens to know a
little arithmetic and can icad and write, to send
him to the school, where he stays two or three
years at the public expense, and then, perhaps,
fails. The object of the section is to secure a fair
public selection*, that all the boys may have a
chance at home, and without expense, to compete
in order to see which may be most worthy of be-
ing sent to the school. 1 have no hesitation in ex-
pressing my judgment that under this system more
than twice as many boys will be found capable of
going through the school and enduring its disci-
pline than are found under the present system; and
if so, you will have that much saved to the public
service.
The question recurred upon the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not understand that
we are to be confined to a five minute discussion
of amendments, just as in the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
such was the agreement of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I make a point of order.
It is that wc cannot change the rules in that way
without a day's notice.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent may
change the rules without an hour's notice. Unan-
imous consent was given.
The amendment offered by Mr. Kellogg, of
Illinois, to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have now pre-
pared in form the substitute for the twelfth section,
and 1 ask that it may be read.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That the number of midshipmen allowed at the Naval
Acadcmy shall be two for every member and Delegate of
the House of Representatives, to be appointed in the same
manner as appointments are now made to the Naval Acad-
emy, two from the Distiictof Columbia and t'-n from the
States and Territories " at large." All appointment* shall
-be made between the 5th of March and the 1st of July of
each year. Each candidate shall be not les-5? than five feet
in height, and between the ages of fouiteen and seventeen;
physically sound, and of robust constitution. The exami-
nation shall be conducted according to regulation* to be pie-
scribed by the Secretary of the Navy. The appointment"
from the District of Columbia and the ten " at large " shall
be made by the President; and those appointed by the Pi cs-
ident shall possess the same qualifications as prcsciibed for
those to be appointed from the congressional districts'. Any
midshipman who shall be dismissed upon the recommend-
ation of the academic boaid shall not be reinstated m the
Navy; nor shall any officer dismissed by the sentence of a
couit-martial ever again bccome an ollioei of the Navy
Mr. WASHBQRNE. I ask the gentleman
from Missouri to modify his amendment in one
respect; and that is in reference to the size of the
boys. You will not find one boy in fifty, only
fourteen years old, five feet high.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Perhaps the age
of fourteen is too young. I prefer that the boys
should be fifteen or sixteen before appointment;
and if they have to reach thai ago before they are
five feet high, it will meet my views all the bet-
ter. Therefore I must decline to make the mod-
ification requested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri by striking
out the ten boys authorized to be appointed by
the President at large; and also by striking out the
" two" provided to be appointed from  each dis-
trict, wherever it occurs, and to insert " one."
There is another proposition embodied in the
proposition as it comes from the Committer on
Naval Affairs, of a very extraordinary character,
and to it I desire to call the attention of the House.
It is, that the President is authorized to name
twenty persons, out of whom ten shall be selected,
and that those ten boys shall b^thc sons or grand-
sons of persons who have served in the Army or
Navy of the United States. Now, sir, I think that
is one of the most remarkable propositions that
ever came before the American Congress—a sys-
tem of class legislation. I did not presume that
such a proposition could come to this House Aom
any of its standing committees, or from any gen-
tleman upon the floor. It is certainly a most re-
markable proposition. It is in fact simple class
legislation, and the most aristocratic feature that
has ever, so far as my knowledge goes, been sub-
mitted to this body.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I would inquire
of th«? gentleman from Indiana whether this is not
precisely the same provision, in effect, which ex-
ists m reference to the Military Academy?
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is any such, I am
not aware of it; and if there is such a pi o v ibion, I
know that it is a dead letter upon the statute-book.
I am authorized to say that there is no such pro-
vision. Whenever any such proposition is in-
grafted upon the legislation of the country the
people may well arouse themselves to an appre-
hension of the dangers impending over them.
