1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
ant} a half millions, and before these troubles
would have brought $3,100,000,000. That sum
would be sufficient to indemnify the United States
for probably all the expenses of the war. I care
not, and my people care not, whether you put the
forfeiture in the one form or in the other. With
all the faults of my frank and gallant and err-
in«- State, a mercenary and a mean disposition is
no! to be charged against her. All that I desired
in making this change was to avoid, if I could,
the extreme objection that men had that the Uni-
ted States Government should be concerned di-
rectly or indirectly in the sale of slaves. I think
I have achieved that bji directing the forfeiture,
not to the Government, but to the men injured by
the war. Property is often forfeited by laws of
Congress to injured men 
Mr. HOWARD. 1 would inquire of my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky what benefit would
that sort of indemnity be to the representatives
of persons residing in the free States who have
fallen or been damaged in this war? How could
they possess and enjoy a negro slave in a free
State?
Mr. DAVIS. If my honorable friend will per-
mit me to explain, my bill provides for that. It
provides that there shall be a lien in favor of every
man injured in this war in the way I have ex-
plained upon all the rebel property of any kind;
and all that the representatives of a northern man
who has fallen in battle would have to do, would
be either to assign his claim—for the bill author-
izes the assignment of the claim—or to send and
have a suit instituted as under a common mort-
gage, proceeding in rem, and to have so much of
the property thus confiscated, of any description
whatever, sold as would satisfy the claim of the
individual. If confiscation can be executed m
any form, this is the form in which it can be exe-
cuted, and in which it is practicable. Whenever
you give a man a private right and the means of
asserting that private right, be is going to do it if
tile claim is of any consideration.
I do not care about this matter of forfeiture
particularly. I want the rebel leaders punished.
Those that are impenitent and incorrigible, and
continue to be so, I want punished. They cannot
live in the same country with Union men. They
must come back and submit to the laws and live
as quietcitizens, or they must perish upon the gal-
lows or go into exile. If you want to proselyte
them anil bring thetn back to the Government and
induce them to diop their secession and disunion
principles, in my opinion the way to do that most
effectually is to oiler thein, on the one side, where
they are not very guilty, immunity, peace, and pro-
teciion, arid on the other, the gallows or exile and
the forfeiture of their whole estate. My State,
wants such a law as that. The Union people of
my State want it. I am ready here to vote for it;
but not to free, their slaves, not to free any slaves,
because Congress has no power to do that. I am
for Congress passing—and I would be quite as
severe and as unrelenting in my feelings and con-
duct as most men—any law of punishment, of for-
feiture of life or property, to fall upon the guilty,
I he egregiously guilty, and to spare the ignorant
and deluded, and to offer them the hope of immu-
nity and pardon. But, sir, I would want such a
law as that passed with a condition. I jyould not
want unconditional immunity offered to any man
who had left his Slate to join the rebellion. I do
not care what Ins degree of guiltiness was, I would
want him pauloned only oil the express condition
that he should give tip his treason, that he should
come back, and submit himself quietly, orderly,
as a good citixen, to the law, and whenever he
showed a disposition to rise in rebellion against
the Uuv that he should still be subject to be prose-
cuted for his original crime. We cannot have
harmony, peace, and quiet upon any other condi-
tions.
Mr. President, I have now laid before the Sen-
ate, veiy briefly, the main features of the measure
1 have offered. 1 am only souy it has not received
more of the attention of members. It probably
has received as much or more than it was entitled
to. But, sir, 1 want this war to be quick and pow-
erful. Our armies are composed of the best ma-
terial that ever were put in martial array. The
superiority of soldiership over generalship that
has been shown in (his war has been most strik-
ing. The war itself would have been brought to
a successful and triumphant close before this time,
if we had had adequate talent and enterprise in
our commanders. There is no doubt about it.
But, sir, no state of the case will ever induce
me or the Union men of my State to go into se-
cessia. As Hamilcar brought his infant son Han-
nibal to the family altar and made him swear eter-
nal enmity to the Roman power, so I have sworn
and will ever maintain eternal enmity to the prin-
ciple of secession and all its adherents. I want
my country to put them down in the battle-field;
and I want wise, just, and effective laws passed
by Congress to bring about that great result. I
am on the brink of the grave. Its crumbling edge
is ready to receive me; but I have children and
grandchildren, and I want my country restored
to peace, and I want the Eegis of its Constitution
and protection to be extended over my posteiity
and all my countrymen before I go hence.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Ohio to the original bill in the
form of a substitute, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not my purpose to
protract this discussion, as the argument I think
has been exhausted, or take up time. I wish,
however, briefly to call the attention of Senators
to the difference 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will permit
me 
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not occupy much
time. However, I will yield.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to suggest to the
Senator that I should like to move an executive
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection at all.
Mr. SUMNER. We have some important
business in executive session. 1 agree with the
Senator, and also the Senator from Illinois, and
desire to have a vote on this question; but I am
afraid if we continue this discussion to-day we
cannot attend to what is now pending in executive
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is we shall
find it necessary to have a long session in order
lo pass this bill, and I would rather press it now
than at any other time. I think we have delayed
action on it too long already. 1 shall not piob-
ably take ten minutes' time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say to gentle-
men that thev can get no vote to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will yield to my
friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 'object to any other busi-
ness until we can get some action on this bill. If
we are to go into executive session, I shall call
the yeas and nays upon it. The bill has been de-
layed in this way quite too long already. I know
the Senator from Vermont has announced that no
vote shall be had to-night; but we h<wc an hour
yet, und we can vote upon some propositions to-
night, unless Senators wish to speak. If they do,
let them speak during the next hour. I shall not
consent, for one, to any postponement; and I ap-
peal to the friends of this measure to come here and
let us decide that this measure shall be continued
before the Senate in some form, either to be voted
down or adopted, or that persons who desire to
discuss it may have an opportunity to do so. It
has been protracted time and agam by these prop-
ositions; and I say now to my fiicnd fiom Mas-
sachusetts, who is a friend to this bill, that I con-
sider it extremely unreasonable for him, day after
day, to insist upon these executive sessions. Sir,
when this bill has been made a special order, time
and again, he has insisted upon executive ses-
sions, day after day, and put it over. I do not
know that we shall get a vote to-night; I hardly
expect such a result; but I say to my friend from
Vermont we shall never get a vote, to-mght or
any other night, unless we proceed with the con-
sideration of the measure.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me one moment; when I made that remark,
I supposed the common courtesy in this body
would be extended to all who desired it, and I
know of three gentlemen that wish to speak on
this subject. That was all I meant by it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean- by
that that he desires it now to go over5 lias he
any objection to out passing upon the amendment
before us, or any objection to the Senator from
Ohio concluding what he desires to say ? I appre-
hend not.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that;
but he may not desire to speak now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
did rfot ask a postponement. It was an interpo-
sition from another source requesting him to yield
the floor. The Senator from Ohio was proceed-
ing with his remarks. It was not at his request
that the motion was made.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to his
proceeding. Mr. President, have I the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move the bill which I
presented as a substitute as an amendment by way
of substitution for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend will not
do that. I have the floor and desire to move an
amendment to the original proposition of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. The motion of the Senator
from Vermont would cut off my amendment. As
I have the floor, 1 have the right to move it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was just told by the
Chair that I had the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I yielded to a motion for
an executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I must persevere in my mo-
tion for an executive session. I do not want to
stand in the way of the Senator from Illinois. I
am for his bill most sincerely; he knows that; but
it seems to me, after the discussion we have list-
ened to to-day, occupying so much time, that per-
haps we have done our duty for the present by
that bill, and as there is important business now
pending in executive session on which we can act,
1 hope we shall pioceed with that.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. The Chair
takes occasion to state, in reference to some ques-
tions of order upon the various amendments pend-
ing and proposed to be moved to this bill in the
form of substitutes, that the original bill now
stands before the Senate with an amendment, in
the form of a substitute, proposed by the Senator
from Ohio, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered. Should that amendment, in the
form of a substitute, which strikes out the whole
of the original bill, and inset ts in form a new bill,
be carried in the affirmative, it is closed against
all amendments. No further amendment can he
made unless it be mere additional and new mat-
ter; no amendment which shall qualify or change
the original amendment adopted by the Senate
would be admissible. But before the question is
taken on the substitute amendment moved by the
Senator from Ohio, both that and the original bill
are open to amendment by way of perfection.
There is no limitation to the extent of one amend-
ment to another amendment, or an amendment to
the original bill; it may cover the whole bill, and
so an amendment to an amendment may cover
the whole of that amendment. In other words,
it is competent for the Senator from Vermont to
move an amendment in the form of a substitute
to the amendment in the form of a substitute
moved by the Senator from Ohio. T he Chair will
further remark in answer to the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio, that although the Senator from
Vermont now moves an amendment to his amend-
ment, after the vote shall have been taken on that
amendment to the amendment, whether carried
in the affirmative or negative, it will be compe-
tent for the Senator from Ohio to move further
amendments byway of perfection to the original
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to embar-
rass the gentleman from Ohio. I understand him
to say that, independent of the substitute he has
offered, he has an amendment to offer to perfect
the original bill. 1 do not desire to cut him off
from offering that amendment, and having it
adopted, if he pleases. I offer my substitute, and
do not wish to withdraw it; but I take it it would
be in order to entertain his motion to amend the
original bill before acting on any of the substi-
tutes. . .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
to move an amendment to the original bill, or to
the substitute, at any time before the vote on sub-
stitution shall be taken; but while an amendment
to the amendment, a substitute to the substitute
is pending, it v-ouhl not be stnctly in order until
the amendment to the amendment was voted upon.
