1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
has not questioned this. I have not heard it qHes~
tioned by any gentleman, ex^pt perhaps by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] andl
believe he does not question the power of the
Government in prosecuting a war, either a foreign
ov a civil war, to seize the property of an enemy
in arms against the Government. It is true he
says it cannot be sold so as to deprive the heirs
of the title; but he does not deny the right and
the duty of the executive authority to seize the
property of the rebel and hold it for a certain time
and for certain purposes.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me I
will state that my view has been that this power
is with the President, and not with Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not desire to enter into
this argument; but I may as well answer that
point. It was made with great strength by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Browning]—indeed
it was the chief burden of his speech—that the
power of seizure and confiscation can already be
exercised by the President. I cannot agree with
the Senator in regard to the power of the Presi-
dent. It is the duty of Congress-to declare war,
to raise armies, to equip navies, to make rules and
regulations governing war, and the President has
no power except simply, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy, to execute those laws.
The doctrines asserted by the Senator from Illi-
nois would make the President of the United States
worse than.a dictator. I was almost startled when
1 heard him declare that the President, under the
simple clause making him Commander-in-Chiet
of the Army, could do all these things without au-
thority of law. The President can conduct this
war only in the manner and 111 the mode we may
prescribe by law. Therefore it is that Congress
ought to regulate the mode in which the President
may seize this property, in which the President
may arm, equip, clothe, pay, organize, regulate,
and control your Army. He can only do it in
pursuance of law. That is enough in reply to the
observation made by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The second section of the substitute provides
that, in a district where the laws arc m force,
where courts are in operation, the President shall
not use the military power to effect a seizure of
property, but he shall avail himself of the use ot
ihe courts, so as to give the person whoso prop-
eity he seizesan opportunity to contest the right-
fulness of the seizure. That is clearly right. For
instance, in the State of Pennsylvania, it is said
that Mr. Mason, a rebel, owns property. In the
seizing of that property the President, by the
second section of this substitute, would be com-
pelled to apply to the courts of the United States
in the State of Pennsylvania. Wherever the Pres-
ident can appeal to the courts or the laws instead
of to military power, it is but right that he should
do it; and never exercise any military power or
arbitrary authority unless there are no courts
within the jurisdiction through which he may
enforce the remedy. My remark in regard to this
may be made in regard to other matters. I have
always been sensitive of the personal rights and
privileges of the citizen. I think the President
iias no power to seize either peison or property
in any place where the laws are enforced, and
where he may appeal to the civil tribunals. I
expressed that opinion six months ago, and I be-
lieve it now.
The third section provides that in States or dis-
tricts whore the courts are not in force, where the
ordinary process cannot be had, the President
may seize the property by military power, and
hold that property. If it is of a perishable nature,
it authorizes him to sell it; if it is not of a perish-
able nature, it authorizes him to hold it by mili-
tary power until in due time the courts may be
installed in the exercise of their just authority
within the district or State; then the proceedings
shall be had through the courts; and that the only
question to be left to the courts in this proceeding
shall be whether the person alleged to be the owner
of the confiscated property is one of the persons
named in the first section of the act.
The fourth section applies the same rule of con-
fiscation to the service of persons held as slaves
as to property held as such under the local law
The slaves of the persons described in the first
section are confiscated; but, as a matter of course,
as this Government cannot buy or sell slaves, as
it cannot dispose of slaves in the mode prescribed
by the local laws of the southern States, as when
it seizes a slave that slave becomes free by the
general law, therefore the section provides that in
the case of slaves being confiscated under the act
they shall becomc free. I see no reason why we
should extend the provisions of a confiscation law
as to slaves further than we do as to ordinary
property. When we draw a distinction between
the property in the service or labor of a slave and
other property, except simply the fact that we
cannot sell a slave, but that his seizure makes htm
free; when, in other words, we make the slaves
of rebels free, while we do not seize the other
property of the same lebels, it shows that we are
pursuing the right of confiscation rather against
slavery than against the rebels. We apply a dif-
ferent rule to persons whose property is forfeited
when we deal with slaves from that which we
apply when we deal with property. I do not
think that is just.
Besides, sir, I believe that this section will em-
brace the slaves of all the rebels now in arms
against the Government. There is no slaveholder
m the ranks of the rebel army. They are all offi-
cers. It is a part of the nature of the institution
that the owner of a slave becomes elevated in so-
cial and political status above his neighbors; and I
venture the assertion, and I have do doubt it will
be sustained by my friend from Kentucky, that
wherever a slaveholder is in the rebel army he is
there as an officer and not as a soldier. The first
section of my bill, therefore, will embrace all slave-
holders who are now in arms against the Govern-
ment, and 1 see no reason for extending it beyond
that. If any private person is in the army of the
southern confedaracy, who is not an officer, and
is the owner of a slave, he will not be embraced
by the terms of the substitute, but he will be by
the terms of the bill of the Senator from Illinois.
The fifth section provides that the several dis-
trict courts of the United States shall not only
have jurisdiction of all cases arising under the act,
but shall have power to make such rules and reg-
ulations as we may authorize them to make under
the Constitution of the United States to carry it
into effect. I am perfectly willing, in oider to
avoid a constitutional argument, to invest these
couitswith the power of giving a jury trial, so as
to enable any person who doilies that lie is one of
those named m the first section, to have that ques-
tion tried by a jury. I see no objection to that,
although I believe it is not required by the Con-
stitution. This being a miliary remedy, not an
ordinary civil process, being a military seizure of
the property of an enemy, I think the proceedings
may be in rem, disposing'of the property and not
affecting the person, so that in my view there is
no constitutional difficulty in the way.
The sixth section provides that " the President
is hereby authorized by a proclamation of am-
nesty, to release cither of the five classes of per-
sons described in the first section of this act, re-
siding in any particular State or district, from the
operations of this act." I think that the President
has this power already. The President may par-
don an offense, even the crime of treason, and he
may extend that pardon to a whole class or com-
munity of individuals; but as there may be doubt
about it, and as it is the exercise of an important
power, I am willing to confer it on him expressly.
I have such confidence in the President that I
have no doubt he would exercise the power cure-
fully and prudently. If any one of the seceding
States, the State of Tennessee for instance, should
promptly return to her allegiance to this Govern-
ment, I should be perfectly willing to allow the
President to proclaim that this class, or that class,
or the other class of the persons embraced by this
act within that State, shall be relieved from the
operations of the penalties of the act.
The seventh section 1 regard as very important
and indeed as worth about as much as all the other
propositions of confiscation, and it provides that
"every person who after si'Sty days from the
passage of this act shall continue in rebellion
against the United States or adhere to their ene-
mies, giving them aid and comfort,shall be deemed
infamous and shall hold no office of honor, trust,
or profit, within the United States."
The return of men who have been guilty of
open treason by a local constituency who have
participated in that treason is an offense that
should not be permitted if we have the power to
prevent it. In regard to Congress, there is little
doubt but that we can provide by law that a per-
son guilty of crime cannot hold a seat in either
House. Either House has the power of expul-
sion, and by established parliamentary law and
practice may and ought to expel from the body
any one who, by the commission of the highest
political crime, would, if retained, disgrace the
body. In the appointment of executive officers,
the discretion of the President may, and no doubt
would be, controlled by the exclusion from office
of persons who had already dishonored high office
by perjury and treason. It has been held in the
State ofNcw York that the Legislature may con-
stitutionally affix, as a punishment for a crime, the
disqualification to hold an office of honor, trust,
or profit, although it added to the qualification
required by the State constitution. It was clearly
proved by the Senator from Illinois, in the able
argument he made some time ago, that Congress
may by law punish a particular offense, and as a
part of that punishment may declare that the per-
son guilty of the offense shall be incapable of
holding an office of honor, trust, or profit. The
case decided in the State of New York, I think,
was full to that effect, and it was conclusive in its
reasoning.
The eighth section simply reserves the right to
try persons guilty under the first section of the bill,
for the crime of treason. I do not think it is neces-
sary, but still I inserted it rather at the suggestion
of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
who believed it was necessary.
The ninth section, I have no doubt many Sen-
ators will think very harsh, but I believe it is im-
portant. It provides:
That tile President is hereby authorized by proclamation
to call upon all inhabitants within any Slate whose officers
and State organization shall still be in rebellion against the
United States after sixty days from tire passage of this act
to aid and assist in suppressing such rebellion ; and all per-
sons so auhnc or assisting the United States, who, undei tlie
laws of such'state, owe seivice or labor, or money or prop-
erty, to any person levying war against ihe United States,
or aiding or assisting their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort, shall be forever dischaiged from such obligation,
any law or custom in such State to the contrary notwith-
standing; and the President is authorized to employ, arm,
and equip ail such loyal inhabitants as he may deem advan-
tageous to the public service.
The proposition is simply that if, after sixty
days, this rebellion is not subdued, or it shall de-
generate into a guerrilla warfare, and our loyal
armies shall be driven from that country by the
climate, rather than allow this rebellion to suc-
ceed, I would arm the slaves of the rebels with-
out hesitation. I would use all the loyal inhabit-
ants of that region to put down the rebellion; but
I would not do it except as a dernier, a last resort.
I believe the white men of this country are able
to subdue it; but I wTould arm the President with
the power, in any given district, county, State,
or place where he thought the interests of the ser-
vice rcquii ed it, to employ as laborers, and to arm
and equip any loyal inhabitants who would aid in
putting down the rebellion. It may seem harsh;
but, sir, we send our brothers, we send our friends,
we send our dearest relations, we send all those
who are bound to us by the most endearing ties,
there to risk their lives to subdue this rebellion.
When there is already in that region of country
a class of inhabitants who are loyal by necessity,
who have proven themselves loyal in every case,
I see no reason why, if this rebellion is to be pros-
ecuted to its bitter end, they may not properly
be armed in order to subdue it. When we are
all risking so much, I do not see why we should
not avail ourselves of every means which the po-
sition of the enemy, which their weakness affords,
ill order to subdue the rebellion.
These, Mr. Piesident, are the provisions of the
bill I have submitted as a substitute, and I have
already amplified upon them more than I in-
tended. I do not intend to discuss the objections
to the bill reported by the Judiciary Committee,
because they have been already amply discussed.
I shall confine my effoitsto seeking to perfect the
original bill by the amendment I.have offered. If
I shall succeed in that; if that amendment shall be
adopted, together with one or two other provis-
ions contained m my substitute, us amendments
to the bill, I shall withdraw the substitute. If the
amendments are not adopted, I shall then move
my substitute in lieu of the whole bill. If that
fails, I shall then vote for any confiscation bill
that is likely to pass. If we adjourn without
placing it in the power of the President to seize
