1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
the property of rebels, so as to compel them to
bear a part of the pains and penalties, the task
aiid labor of this war, and throw upon our own
people a burden of taxation that is unparalleled,
we shall not be justified by them. I wish a mod-
erate confiscation bill, aimed only at the leaders;
one that can be used simply as a military arm, as
a military power; not for the purpose of persecu-
tion, not for the purpose of revenge, not for the
purpose of abolition, not for any purpose but to
put down this rebellion; a simple, moderate, con-
stitutional confiscation, that will enable the Pres-
ident to use all the property of the South, if neces-
sary, and all the property of the North, all the
persons in the South that he can avail himself of,
and all the loyal people of the North; that will
enable him to use all the physical power of this
Government, North and South, to put down the
rebellion. I do not hesitate so much in seizing
the property of rebels as I do in taking the prop-
erty of our own loyal citizens, as we shall have to
do in the prosecution of the war.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I like the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio;
it is in accordance with the views I have enter-
tained in regard to this subject; but I want to ask
him why he does not include in his second branch
some other classes. He now provides for confis-
cating the property of" persons hereafter acting
as president, vice president, members of congress,
judges," &c. He does not include heads of de-
partments, the cabinet officers of Davis.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already included
quite a number in the amendment that were not
in my original proposition.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I know it;
but these are not in. I think the heads of depart-
ments certainly ought to be included; and my own
judgment would be that we should include all who
hold civil offices there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not extend it so
far as the small post offices and the like. If there
are any other officers there whom the Senate de-
sire to embrace of high character and rank, I am
willing to insert them; but I would notextend the
confiscation to postmasters and constables and
small officers of that kind.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment by inserting, after "mem-
bers of Congress," the words " heads of depart-
ments. "
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the amend-
ment just offered by the Senator from Ohio has
not been printed.
Mr. SI3ER.MAN. It has been printed sub-
stantially. The only modification of the amend-
ment as printed, is to insert some other officers.
This amendment, which I now offer to the bill of
the Senator from Illinois, was offered after con-
sultation with him and various other gentlemen
who have interested themselves in the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I knew that the mam propo-
sition of the Senator from Ohio was printed, but
I understood him to make a second proposition in
the nature of an amendment to the original bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. And that has not been printed.
I should like to see that in print before voting on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] moves to
amend the amendment in the second clause by in-
serting after the words "members of Congress"
the words " heads of departments."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, as amended, to the original bill.
Mr. HALE. I have not read the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, but I should like to ask
him whether he intends absolutely under the sec-
ond section to confiscate the leal estate ot rebels.
Mr. SHERMAN. That question is not in-
volved in the amendment I oiler. Thatjs aques-
tion to be determined by the courts as a matter of
course.
Mr. HALE. On that subject I want to say a
word or two. I may subject myself to the charge
of temerity in the suggestion which I am going
to make; but I can stand that. I have been sub-
jected to much worse charges than that heretofore.
"A good many people are very tender-footed on
this subject of confiscating the property of rebels,
and they quote this clause of the Constitution:
♦'The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of tieason; but no attainder of treason shall work
conuptjou of blood or foifeiture, exccpt during the life of
the per&on attainted."
The general construction which has been given
to this clause of the Constitution—and I admit
that it has high authority in the commentators
that have written upon the Constitution—is, that
it absolutely prohibits Congress from confiscating
the real estate of traitors, f do not so understand
it; and I want to throw out my ideas in regard to
it for the consideration of some of the learned law-
yers of the Senate, by whom I am surrounded, so
that they may give their attention to it, and favor
the Senate with their views, if they think proper.
My own opinion is'that that is not the mean-
ing of the clause of the Constitution; but it relates
to the peculiar state of title which existed in Great
Britain antecedent to the settlement of this coun-
try, and, indeed, continues to the present time,
where estates are holdon by tenures, a great many
of them not fee simple. Under the English prac-
tice in convictions of treason, where the tenant
or the person in possession of an estate, with an
estate-tail to his heirs after his decease, was con-
victed of treason, the Government stepped in and
took the whole estate, corrupted his blood, and
shut out the heirs. The intention of the framers
of the Constitution, in my humble judgment, was
to prevent that. They intended, where an estate
was holden, and the individual held not an abso-
lute fee simple, but an estate with an estate over
to his heirs or somebody else, thatconvicting him
of treason should not so work corruption of blood
that the person entitled to the estate consequent
upon the determination of the convicted person's
estate should be ousted. They intended that his
heirs should not be prevented from inheriting on
account of his conviction; that there should not
be that corruption of blood; but it was not in-
tended, and that clause does not mean, that where
the traitor had an absolute fee simple estate in the
land he was possessed of at the time of his con-
viction, the Government might not confiscate the
whole of that. If this be the true meaning of the
Constitution—and it strikes me to be the common
sense of the Constitution—it ought to remove, I
think, scruples of this sort. I know as well as
the Senator from Vermont, who expresses what
he thinks in his countenance very intelligibly, that
a man who takes such a position as this in con-
tradiction to what has been the common teaching
of the commentators upon the Constitution, may
subject himself to the change of temerity and
rash ness.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask hmi a single question?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask him if a conviction
of treason in England did not work the same for-
feiture of a fee simple as it did of a fee tail?
Mr. HALE. Certainly it did.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, would it not be
stiange if, in framing the Constitution, those who
made~it should have taken such pains to take care
of fee tail estates, of which there were very few
here, and'let the great body of estates m fee
simple be forfeited ?
Mr. HALE. I might respond to that by ask-
ing another question. We never had corruption
of blood in this country; and 1 might ask the Sen-
ator why they should take so great care to put in
a provision against what never existed here?
Mr. COLLAMER. As colonies, we had it
here just as they had it m England. It was not
forbidden.
Mr. HALE. I look, Mr. President, to the
nieanini: of th's clause as it is written. 1 know
very well, as the Senator says, that when the trai-
tor was convicted the judgment took his estate in
fee simple. I believe that the intention of the
framers of the Constitution was to leave that as at
the common law, and to provide only that it
should not work corruption of blood, so that the
heirs could inherit through him where there was
an estate that would descend to the heirs upon the
determination of his estate. That I believe to
be the common-sense view of the Constitution.
I know, Mr. President, you know, every man
knows, how very easy it is andhow very readily
societies and nations and mankind generally will
stall off into a certain channel and adopt certain
opinions without examination, and take them up
as admitted law and gospel, and li\o according to
them for centuries. That is the theory of the
gross errors of the Church and the theologian^ of
the world. They have had some John Calvin or
some other great saint in the Church who has
given an exposition of his own of some of the doc-
trines of the Christian religion, and without ex-
amination his sect have taken it up and followed
it, and it has gone down generation after genera-
tion without any examination as to the real basis
upon which it rested. Such, I apprehend, has
been the construction of this clause of the Con-
stitution. It has been adopted in that way.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will put another ques-
tion to the gentleman in all seriousness. Accord-
ing to his view of the Constitution, it allows in
the case of estates in fee tail the confiscation of
the property, by act of Congress defining the pun-
ishment of treason, so far as the life estate is con-
cerned and not the entailment.
Mr. HALE. Yes.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, suppose a man is
executed, how much is the life estate, which he
admits may be confiscated, worth at the length of
the halter? It would be a strange thing if they
had made all that provision for taking a man's
life estate when they were going to take the life
itself.
Mr. HALE. It does not follow here, and it
did not always follow in England, that whenever
a man was con vftted and sentence was pronounced
the whole of it was executed. The man's life
might be remitted and the forfeiture might be en-
forced.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment?
Mr. HALE. Yes.
Mr. DAVIS. Was there any forfeiture until
execution ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, a great many. But, sir, I
see that 1 have answered the purpose I had in
•view. I have set some of the learned lawyers
thinking, as is indicated by their questioning me,
and 1 hope they will think more upon it. In an-
swer to the last question suggested by the Senator
fiom Vermont, I will say that in comparatively
very few of these cases of conviction where death
was part of the sentence with forfeiture of estate,
did the parties actually suffer death. The penalty
was frequently remitted, and it was sometimes
commuted to banishment. It may be commuted
m this country to imprisonment. I do not think,
therefore, that the argument growing out of that
question has any force in answer to the view which
I have taken of this clause of the Constitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a very few
words in relation to the clause of the Constitution
on which the Senator from New Hamspshire has
commented, so far as it affects the power to con-
fiscate real estate. That clause of our Constitu-
tion is undoubtedly borrowed from the statute of
Anne, which was passed to take effect after the
death of the Pretender, and was again renewed
and intended to take effect after the death of the
Pretender's son; and the language of the statute
I have before me:
" No attaindei for treason shall extend to the disinherit-
ing of any hen, noi to the piejudice of the light or title of
any pot-on oi prisons, other than the mht or titlr> of the
offender oi offenders dining his, her, or their natural lives
only; and that it shall and may be lawful for every person
oi pcj-aonb, to whom the iigbtoi interest ot any lands,ten-
ement-, lieieditanient<. attei the death of any such offender
or offender, should or might have appertained, if no such
aitamdei had been, to enter into the tame."
Mr. HALE. Exactly; that confirms my idea.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The common law so far
from confirming the idea of the Senator from New
Ilampshne is directly the contrary. At the com-
mon law there could be no confiscation of any real
estate unless it was in the possession of a person
with the power to dispose of it. The estate of
the issue in tail could not be forfeited at the com-
mon law. A learned water upon that subject
says:
'•There lemains a material difference to he noted be-
tween the case ot a tVe tail and a fee simple ; which is that,
notwithstanding the loriViture of lands entailed by an at-
tainder, vet the blood of the attainted person i-= not eoriupt-
ed, so as, bv aii) consequential disability, to alTcetthe issue
m tail. There!ore,n the .-on i>t the donee m lail ! <.• attainted
of treason dminiz the life of (he faihei. and die, having fosue,
and then the father dio>, the estate shall descend to the
giandchtld, notwithstanding the attainder. But it is other-
wise in ih< ca-e of a tee simple, a.* ha^ been shown in-peak-
mi: of the teudal law. The reason is obvioiH, because the
i ue m tail claim.- per foj mam iloni; that i-, he i-s a< much
within the view ami intention of theyiitoi settlement,and
a< prr-onally <nid precisely de^cubed in ft as> Ins ancestor.
But tin- i== not all.5"1— I'orkc on Forfeitures p bl.
