1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
37th Cost*.... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Iiebel Property—Mr. Walton.
Ho. oi? Reps.
As to property, both schemes agree in the pres-
ent seizure or sequestration of all property, both
real and personal, of such classes of men as have
been most mischievous and most responsible for
the rebellion; and as to these classes the two
schemes substantially agree. Both also agree in
seizing or sequestering the property as well as dis-
charging the slaves of all persons who engage in
rebellion, or aid and abet it, at any time sixty
days after proclamation by the President warning
them against it. In the disposition of the avails
of the property, however, there is a material dif-
ference; and it is that the House scheme allows
loyal creditors of rebels to take pay out of the re-
bellion fund in the Treasury, while the substitute
leaves creditors solely to their legal right of prior
lien, and does not undertake to pay them from the
Treasury, or to contest the suits and settle the
estates of rebels.
Finally, in facility of execution there is sub-
stantial agreement; the one forfeits and the other
sequesters forthwith. Both carry the property to
the courts for disposal—the one at common law and
the other in admiralty—and although the substi-
tute carries the owner also for trial, as the House
scheme does not, it is to be noted that the former
forfeits all the property and frees all the slaves of
the accused, if he shall neglect or refuse, after
public notice, to appear for trial. This provision
of the Senate scheme is not novel in civil cases,
certainly in this country, and in flight for trea-
son it has warrant in the source from which the
muniments of the Constitution were drawn; I
mean thelaws of England. (4 Blackstonc's Com-
mentaries, p. 380.)
There are four provisions in the substitute I
have moved which are not in the House scheme,
to wit: every person guilty of either of the of-
fenses named is to he forever incapable and dis-
qualified to hold any office under the United
States; the President may proclaim pardon and
amnesty, whenever advisable, with all exceptions
necessary to meet the ends of justice, this, of
course, not applying to persons convicted; Afri-
cans may be employed and organized for the sup-
pression oftreason, insurrection, or rebellion;and
the President may provide for the colonization of
such emancipated slaves as may voluntarily elect
to emigrate to, in any suitable country which will
receive them, and accord to them the privileges of
freemen, but this does not give authority to pur-
chase territory for that purpose.
It thus appears that both schemes substantially
agrSe in scope and purpose, and both are based
upon the same cause at the bottom; that is, crime,
and the crimcs of treason or rebellion and insur-
rection. The radical differences are as to the
modes of proceeding. The House scheme finds
its authority in the so-called war powers of the
Government, and undertakes to set aside all the
muniments of the Constitution for the protection
of life, liberty, and property; to subordinate the
judicial to the war power, and to force the courts
to condemn the property of rebels for their crime
without indictment, arraignment, trial by jury,
and conviction. The Senate scheme, on the other
hand, provides for a proceeding purely ciiminal,
resting its authority upon the unquestioned pro-
visions of the Constitution, and scrupulously re-
specting all its restrictions.
I doubt the propriety and efficiency of the
House scheme; 1 doubt whether it can be sus-
tained in the courts; 1 doubt whether it will not
prove an utter failure; and without attempting a
formal argument, which might well employ the
utmost powers of the ablest constitutional law-
yers, I propose to state some of the grounds of
my doubts. By my office here, I am compelled to
examine and decide, though not a lawyer at all,
upon legal questions of greatest magnitude; and
I must do it as well as I may.
The first objection is to the principle upon which
the House scheme proceeds. It is based upon
crime, but it does not proceed upon the principle
of punishing crime, nor do its advocates derive
our right to adopt it from the clear and unques-
tioned power of Congress to punish crime. On
the contrary, they derive oar right from other
sources entirely: first, as incident to the constitu-
tional power to declare war, raise aiyl supply ar-
mies and navies, and call out the militia to sup-
press insurrections; and second, as derived from
the laws of nations, which authorize, as they
claim, the confiscation of "enemy property."
There has been abundance of argument, pro and
con, on these two points, and 1 propose to add
very little to it. This Government certainly has
all the powers of war belonging to any civilized
and Christian nation; but the Constitution itself,
as I understand it, distributes those powers to the
three great divisions of Government—legislative,
executive, and judicial. Congress has its special
province to declare war, raise and support armies
and navies, and make rules for their government.
The President is to execute our acts for this pur-
pose. I subscribe to the doctrine of Judge Story,
" that when the legislative authority to whom the
right to declare war is confided, has declared war
in its most unlimited manner, the executive au-
thority, to whom the execution of the war is con-
fided, is bound to carry it into effect. He has a
discretion in him as to the manner and extent,
but he cannot lawfully transcend the rules of
warfare established among civilized nations. Ho
cannot lawfully exercise powers nr authorize pro-
ceedings which the civilized world repudiates and
disclaims." (8 Cranch, 153.) Then all judicial
questions, growing out of war, belong to the
courts. They have admiralty and maritime ju-
risdiction by the Constitution itself, which Con-
gress, therefore, can neither diminish nor enlarge;
and that jurisdiction covers cases of prize or cap-
ture on navigable water. By a special clause,
Congress has power "to declare war, grant letters
of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning
captures on land and water;" and that authorizes
Congress to turn over to the courts all cases of
captures on land. Chief Justice Marshall, speak-
ing for the Supreme Court, decided that point in
Brown's case, which has been quoted as the lead-
ing authority on this question, but he derived the
power solely from the words " make rules con-
cerning captures on land and water," and ex-
pressly repudiated the claim which is now setup
from the general war powers. It is, said lie, "an
independent, substantive power, not included in
that of declaring war." (8 Cranch, 126.) Now,
I suggest that inasmuch as the war powers aic
thus constitutionally distributed, the restrictions
of the Constitution operate upon these powers as
upon all otheis. The Constitution must be con-
sistent with itself. Except when law martial sets
aside all other laws—and that can only be in dis-
tricts or places under military control—all laws
muststand intact, and the Constitution itself must
stand, in all its parts,'as the supreme law of the
land. I make this point, therefore, that Congress
cannot wrest the war power so as to overturn all
the restrictions of the Constitution upon the juris-
diction and forms of proceeding in the courts, even
during war, cxcept when martial law has been
proclaimed; and much less can it provide that
these restrictions shall not apply when the war
power itself shall have been exhausted, and civil
power shall have been completely restored over
conquered territory. Precisely that is what the
House scheme undertakes to do. I have no
faith in it.
Now, I claim this great difference in favor of
the Senate scheme, which I offer to the House:
that it leaves the war power intact, and all the
rights incident to civil war in full force, to be ex-
ecuted by the Presidcntand his military subordin-
ates in their fullest extent. With our direction,
by the act of'August last, he has the right, and it
is his duty, to confiscate all property and free all
slaves used in rebellion. 1 presume he could have
done that without the act, or, at least, that he could
capture property used in war, and that Congress
then could turn that properly over to the courts
for condemnation. Without authority from Con-
gress, generals in the field can levy contributions
for the support of the Army, as did General Scott
in Mexico; they can take property for that pur-
pose; they can take, and if they cannot remove,
they can destroy whatever would be used by the
enemy against them; they can destroy buildings
occupied by the enemy; they can, if need be, de-
stioy whatever is in then way, either of attack or
retreat, from the burning of a house, barn, or
bridge, to the destiuction ofa hamlet or a city; and
finally, they may, whenever necessary, or even
most convenient to put an end to the war, pro-
claim liberty to slaves, and turn them from ene-
mies to friends and co-workers in putting down
icbellion—and ] believe they ought to do it. That
may be justified under the war power ns a means
of ending war. It cannot be justified for other
purposes—clearly not to prolong war. Ail these
powers are incident to civil war,and we have the
right to use them against rebels in arms, as well
as against their aiders and abettors. All these
things can be truly said to be incident to the war
power; but they belong to the conduct of the war
by the Executive, after Congress shall have de-
claied war. These, too, are all operations in the
field, and depend upon the exigencies and pro-
prieties of tho occasion, and must be limited to the
occasion. My second point is, that they are as
completely distinct from the legislative power to
declare war, though flowing from it, as are the
executive functions from legislative functions; and
therefore Congress can derive to itself no new or
incidental powers from this source. 1 cannot as-
sent to the argument which vests in Congress alone
all the powers accorded in war by the law of
nations to each nation in its sovereign capacity.
That is to make Congress supremo; to assume for
it. executive functions; to give it control over the
operations of armies in the field and navies on the
seas, and finally over the courts in all cases grow-
ing out of war. That is the theory of the House
scheme. It looks to me like the consolidation of
all power in Congress.
1 repeat that tho Senate scheme impairs none
of these rights and powers incident to war, but
rather leaves them all in full force, and adds to
them. Itaddsto them,constitutionallyand justly,
emancipation and confiscation as punishment for
crime, to be executed both during the war and af-
ter the war, just as fast and as far as judicial au-
thority can be enforced. The House scheme, on
the other hand, assumes for Congress doubtful
powers derived from war. Itis therefore tied to
the war, and must die with the wat. That is my
third point. If we set aside the powers of Con-
gress that are perpetual, and tie ourselves only to
those that aie exceptional and ephemeral, belong-
ing only in war and not in peace, then our acts
will end with the war. Perhaps work commenced
m war may be completed afterward; but new seiz-
ures cannot be made after the war. That certainly
is the law as to captures on the seas, as 1 shall
have occasion to show bereafiei; and the prin-
ciple applies as well to captures on land. I
doubt, therefore, whether an act based on the will-
power solely will not bo as dead as was the alien
acts after the occasion had passed; and, by the
way, I must add, that the House scheme is far
loss carefully gaurded than were the alien act of
June, 1798, and the alien enemy act of July of the
same year. Those acts provided specifically for
trial and conviction before an alien could be im-
prisoned, or ail alien enemy be deported. The
President had power to order them off, but they
weie to he proven cuilty before imprisonment or
banishment. The House scheme oi ders the Pres-
ident to seize the property of rebels, and then it
[juts the buiden of proof upon the accused. Sup-
pose A amlB accuse C as a rebel, eontraiy to the
fact. The property of C is to be seized, by any
kind of ]lower, civil, military, or naval; it is " sub-
ject to seizure, prize, and captuic;" and when
seized, unless C shall appear in court and prove
his innocence, his property will be condemned.
Yet C will not be cited to appear, and will not
have even constructive notice to appear. That is
the House scheme, and this illustration seems to
mc to be strongly condemnatory. We did not so
monstiously violate the rights of persons charged
with being alien enemies. Why should we doit
in lespect to our own citizens? Why should we
forget that loyal men may be fulsely accused' Why
strike down all the defenses for innocence? Just
here lies a broad distinction between the rules of
foreign and civil war. In foreign war, all the citi-
zens "of belligerent nations are enemies, and if citi-
zenship be proved, it is enough. In civil war the
rule applies only to hostile persons; and individ-
ual and personal guilt is to be proved—proved, I
will say, if the process is judicial. The.i the case
is taken out of the war power of Congress, and
I we ought to dismiss the aigument drawn from that
! source.
I This brings me to the second branch of the ar-
| gument in defense of the House schomc, which is,
