2746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
law on the subject that will be satisfactory to all
parties. It is very evident that something ought
soon to be done in the matter.
The reason for the provision which it is proposed
to strike otitis this: m the law as itnowstaniis,no
provision is made for fleet captains. It is apparent
that if prize money is to be granted, it should not
be denied to the officer in command of the fleet,
where every officer and man except the fleet cap-
tain is entitled to a share. But I do not propose to
discuss this. With a view of guarding and taking
care of the rights of sailors, if they are entitled to
prize money, and for the purpose of making an
equitable disposition of prize money, providing it
shall be finally decided that the vessels captured in
attempting to run the blockade are legal prizes, I
agree that this section may be stricken out, and
that the whole question shall come up in a sepa-
rate bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was for the purpose of
suggesting that that course should be pursued,
that I made the motion to strike out the section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK demanded the previousques-,
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. For the purpose of pro-
viding in a separate law for the distribution of
prize money to the captors, if they are entitled^)
it, and for the puipose of considering other busi-
ness of the Naval Committee, I suggest that Wed-
nesday next be set apart after the morning hour,
for the consideration of that business as a special
order.
Several Members. Make it Saturday next,
after the morning hour, and we will consent to the
special order.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am willing to acccpt Sat-
urday.
There being no objection, Saturday next, after
the morning hour was set apart for the considera-
tion of business of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion ofMr. ALDRICH, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the caseof Chauncey A. Horr,forthe purpose
of reference in the Senate.
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 17, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUGET SOUND COLLECTION DISTRICT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the bill (S. No. 241) to change the location of
the port of entry of the Puget Sound collection
district, which had been returned from the House
of Representatives with an amendment.
The amendment was, in line three, to strike out
the word " May" and insert " October."
The amendment was concurred in.
WASHINGTON INFIRMARY.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (EI. R. No. 449) for the relief of
the assistant surgeons, medical cadets, sisters of
charity, and servants, sufferers by the burning of
the Washington Infirmary on the night of No-
vember 3, 1861, to report it back with two amend-
ments; and as it is i\ matter of very small conse-
quence to the Government, I move that the bill
be considered now.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. GRIMES. I will simply state what the
proposition is before the bill is read. As the bill
came from the House of Representatives, it pro-
posed to pay the assistant surgeons and medical
cadets, some sisters of charity, and some female
nurses, what it was represented they had lost by
the conflagration of the Infirmary in this city last
November. The Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia have not thought it wise at this particular
juncture to pay to the assistant surgeons and the
medical cadets the losses that they have sustained,
because the fact that they are not paid, and that
we withhold it from them may be some stimulus
to them to prevent such accidents occurring in the
future. The committee therefore propose to strike
out that part of the bill which relates to the assist-
ant surgeons and medical cadets, so as to pay the
sisters of charity and female nurses the losses in-
curred by them.
The Secretary read the bill. It requires the
Second Auditor of the Treasury to ascertain the
amount of property lost by each of the assistant
surgeons, medical cadets, and the sisters of char-
ity, and female servants employed in the Wash-
ington Infirmary at the time of its conflagration,
which occurred on the night of the 3d of Novem-
ber, 1861, and the amount so determined, not ex-
ceeding in the aggregate $1,835, is to be paid to
the claimants respectively.
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported the bill with two amendments: in line five
to strike out the words " the assistant surgeons,
medical cadets, and;" and in lines ten and eleven
to strike out " $1,835" and insert " $620."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was rpported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
be read a third time, and was read the third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the title was
amended so as to read, " A bill for the relief of the
sufferers by the burning of the Washington In-
firmary on the night of November 3, 1861."
ADDITIONAL MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Military Affairs, to
whom were referred the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No.
343) to provide for additional medical officers of
the volunteer service, to report them back, with
a recommendation that the Senate concur in the
first amendment, and also in the second, with an
amendment to strike out the proviso. I move that
they be acted on at this time.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives. The first
amendment was to insert the following at the end
of the bill as a new section:
Sec. 2, Jltid be it further enacted, That the office of brig-
ade surgeon be, and the same is hereby, abolished, and the
officers of that corps shall be hereafter designated surgeons
of volunteers, and shall in all other respects be put upon
the same footing as to rank, pay, and emoluments', with the
surgeons provided for by the first section of tliis  act.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the House was to add
as an additional section the following:
Rfc. 3. Jlnil be it further enacted. That there shall be
added to each volunteer legiinent now in the seivice, an
assistant surgeon, to be appointed accoiding to the exi*.tintf
laws of the several States piovidmg for the appointment of
ic^imcntal surgeon^: Provided, That the suigeons under
this act shall be under forty ycais of age.
The Committee on Military Affairs report an
amendment to this section, to strike out the pro-
viso:
Provided, That the surgeons undci this actshal! be under
forty years of age.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on agreeing to this amendment to the
amendment of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee were of opinion that if these officers were
to be permanent, the limitation that they should
be under forty years of a^e would be wise; but as
they are onty to be appointed during the existing
lebeUion, it is thought better to have the best sur-
gical talent of the country, and many of the most
eminent men of the country are more than forty
years of age, and therefore we move to strike out
that proviso.
The araendmrnt to the amendment was agreed
to-,and the amendnientof the House, as amended,
was concurred m.
ISSUK OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. CHANDLER. T offera resolution,which
I ask to have read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That tiie amount of legal-tender Trea&ury notes already
authorized by law shall never be increased.
Jhxd be it further resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue $100,000,000
of "Treasury ten days certificates, bearing five per cent, in-
terest, in addition to the $50,000,000 already authorized by
law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks unanimous consentto consider this
resolution at the present time.
Mr. CARLILE. Is it a resolution of inquiry ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir, it is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the first thing is to ascertain whether the Sen-
ate will consider it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not ask that; I am
willing that it should lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator that the resolution is with-
out a title. It should have a title.
Mr. CHANDLER. "A resolution to prohibit
the further issue of Treasury notes, and for other
purposes," would do as the title.
The joint resolution (S. No. 91) prohibiting the
further issue of Treasury notes, and for other pur-
poses, was read, and passed to a second reading,
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I give notice that I shall
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion providing for the adjournment of the two
Houses of Congress on the 26th of the present
month.
APPROPRIATION TOR VOLUNTEERS' BOUNTY.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the report of the committee of
conference, which was left as the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther morning business, the Chair calls up as the
unfinished business of yesterday's morning hour,
the report of the committee of conference upon the
bill (H. R. No. 413) making appropriations for the
payment of the bounty authorized by the sixth
section of an act entitled "An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22, 1861, and for otherpurposes. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] that the Sen-
ate disagree to the report, and recommit it to the
committee of conference.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see the Senator from
Kentucky in his seat. I was in hopes that he
would withdraw that motion. It seems to me it
may very well be withdrawn; or if it cannot be
withdrawn, the Senate had better not make that
reference. It is admitted on all hands, I believe,
that the written law does not sanction such a
practice as is adopted here. It is admitted on all
hands, however, that the practice is not without
precedent but has numerous precedents. The
attention of the Senate has been called to the in-
novation. All the advantage that could possibly
be derived from a recommitment of this matter to
a committee has been obtained by the discussion
already had. No member of the Senate has any
objection to the amendment which is proposed by
the committee, so far as I understand; ana it seems
to me now much the shortest, most profitable, and
economical method of getting along with the mat-
ter, to concur with the amendment which is pro-
posed by thccommiUec,and I hope therefore that
the motion to recommit submitted by the Senator
from Kentucky will be disagreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senate is indisposed to
have time taken on this subject, and I am certainly
quite indisposed to trespass on their patience by
discussing it. I would remaik, however, that in-
asmuch-as this seems to be an intent to correct
errors, and to be strictly technical in the mode of
proceeding, it would be better if the motion that
was made on the subject weie such that the Chair
could entmain it, which at piesent it is not. A
motion to commit or to recommit to a committee
of conference I submit is unknown to parliament-
ary hiw. A committer of conference consists of
members from the two Houses. This reportwas -
oiigmaliy made to the House of Representatives,
