1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
To this section of the Constitution I confess
that I have sriven some pains to understand it
Mr. HOWE. I want to ask my colleague to
proceed a little fuither and inform us how the
grantee in fee simple stands otherwise, according
to the text book he has in his hand, than a grantee
in fee fail.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The lands of a person
holding in fee simple were absolutely forfeited by
the attainder at common law, because he had the
power of disposition in himself. All personal
property at the common law was forfeited upon
conviction. Some say that the conviction means
the trial and the judgment. No such thing. The
conviction is what follows the verdict of guilty.
On the finding of the verdict of guilty, before the
judgment is pronounced, the goods become for-
feited. The forfeiture of personal property is at
the common law a forfeiture of the whole estate
in the personal property. If the party lives but
two minutes after the conviction, the property
passes from him. It is not so in reference to the
real estate. The real estate does not pass until
the judgment is pronounced—the judgment of out-
lawry or the attainder of treason upon the con-
viction. Blackstone says, (volume 4, p. 386:)
"There is a remnikafolo difference or two between tlie
forfeiture of lands and of goods and chattels. 1. Lands are |
forfeited upon attainder, and not before; goods and chat- 1
tels are forfeited by conviction. Because, in many of the j
cases where goods aic forfeited, thoie never is any attain- ,
tier, which happens only where judgment of death or out-
lawry is given."
There is no effect upon the real estate until
judgment is pronounced; but the forfeiture of per-
sonal property follows instantly upon the con-
viction.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question right there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. When does the conviction take
place? When the verdict is rendered?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When the verdict is ren-
dered .
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. So says Mr. Justice Black-
stone. The Senator differs from him.
Mr. HALE. Well, I venture my hand that
Justice Blackstone never said that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let us see:
" There ia n remnikabie dirt'cionco or two between the
forfeiture of land« and of goody and chattels. 1. Lands aie
forfeited upon attainder, and not belbic; good;, and chat-
tels are forfeited by cotinction."
Mr. HALE. Conviction does not mean ver-
dict.
Mr. COWAN. Yes it does; it means the ren-
dition of the verdict.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. " We are now to con-
sider," says Justice Blackstone—I ask the atten-
tion of the learned lawyers:
(£ We are now to consider the next stage of criminal
prosecution, after irinl and conviction art; past, in such
crimes and misdetnranorH as are either too high or too low
to he included within the benefit of clergy; winch is that
of judgment
What docs Blackstone say? Let mc ask my
learned friend, is there no conviction until there
is a judgment, when he says in so many words
that the next step in a criminal prosecution, after
the trial and after the conviction, is to proceed to
pronounce the judgment; and when the court pro-
nounce the judgment of death upon the traitor,
that is the attainder, and not till then; but before
they pronounce that judgment hisgoods and chat-
tels are forfeited, and J31ackstone goes on to give
you the reason for it.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. Suppose there is an exception
filed to the verdict, and the court set the veidict
aside ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They may set it aside.
Mr. HALE. But what becomes of his estate
then? You say it is forfeited the moment the
verdict is rendered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The personal property is
forfeited. Peihaps, it would set aside the con-
sequences, and restitution would be oideied also,
if the conviction should be set aside. Sir, £ con-
fess to my friends that I have endeavored to study
this question with as earnest a desire as any hu-
man being ever had to get hold of the real estate
of these traitors, and to hold it by a title that
would make it fast. 1 want no boy's play about
it. If I take hold of the estate of traitors, 1 want
the title to it; and I state here frankly, having
given to it all the examination of which I am ca-
pable, that I have become satisfied that the way
to get a title and to hold it is through the taxing
power of this Government, to tax it and sell it,
because they do not pay their taxes upon it, and
make your title to it in that way. Blackstone
says:
"Lands are forfeited upon attainder, and not before;
goods and chattels are forfeited by conviction. Because, in
many of the cases where goods are forfeited, there nevei is
any attainder, which happens only where judgment ot death
or outlawry is given ; therefore in these cases the forfeiture
must be upon conviction, or not at ali; and, being neces-
sarily upon conviction in those, it is so ordered in all other
cases, for tiie law loves uniformity."
There is another great difference between for-
feiture of lands and of- personal property. The
forfeiture of lands at the common law has relation
back to the time when the act was committed; not
so as to personal property. The forfeiture of per-
sonal property is upon the conviction, and any
act over the personal property done by the traitor
before the moment of his conviction, is valid. Jt
is not so as to real estate. If he has even sold his
real estate to a bona fide purchaser, when the con-
viction of treason takes place, it relates back to
the act of treason, and avoids all intervening ti-
tles; sweeps them all by the board. There is
another distinction between the effect of an at-
tainder and the effect of a conviction.
Our fathers, when they made the Constitution,
understood the law of England, and had reference
to the law of England, and they knew what they
meant by the words winch they employed. They
did not say that personal property should not be
confiscated upon conviction; but they have said
that no attainder of treason, which is the sentence
of the law pronounced upon a traitor, the judg-
ment of death or of outlawry, that no such judg-
ment pronounced upon a traitor shall either cor-
rupt his blood so that he cannot inherit, or that
his children may not inherit, or shall forfeit his
estate. The forfeiture is an entirely distinct thing
from the corruption of the blood. The forfeiture
of estate is the consequence which follows to his
own property, that over which he has control,
power of disposition, by the judgment of outlawry
or of death.
Mr. President, I have not myself the slightest
doubt that under the Constitution of the United
States we have the power absolute over the per-
sonal property of a traitor; but when it comes to
the question of his real estate, as the Constitution
declares what punishment we may inflict, and in
the same sentence declares what punishment we
shall not inilict upon the traitor, I do not see how
you can go beyond or around it.
No man can be a traitor in this country without
making war upon the Government. The Consti-
tution says so in so many words. Treason con-
sists only in levying war against the Government,
or in aiding or giving comfort to the enemies who
do make war upon it. A traitor, therefore, must
of necessity be at war with this Government, and
your Constitution steps in and declares just what
you may do with him. You may declaie the pun-
ishment of treason, but one thing you shall not do:
by attainder of treason you shall not take away his
estate beyond his life. You may imprison, hang,
draw and quarter, if you please, banish him; and
I would banish the ringleaders, after hanging
enough of.them, to some penal colony. You may
do all that; you may take their property so long
as they live, their real estate by judgment of trea-
son against them, or outlawry; but one thing you
cannot do, take it from their wives and children
after they are dead.
] Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow mc to ask
! him a question, and I ask it in good faith ? I do
j not like the habit of interrupting men, hut I ask
| for information—where does the Senator get the
; distinction, under our Constitution, between the
; forfeiture of personalty and of real estate ?
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Constitution speaks
| of the attainder of treason, which is the judgment
! pronounced after trial and conviction of treason,
! and declares thatnoattainderoftreason shall work
i forfeiture of estate beyond the life of the person
j attainted. Does not the honorable Senator from
! New Hampshire know that the forfeiture of a life
• estate in personal property is the foifeiture of the
' whole estate, that at the common law the sale of
! a life'estate in personal property is the sale of the
! absolute property ? It is only lately, under those
powers which have been given in making disposi-
tions ofpersonal property by will or by settlement,
that the new doctrine has crept in that there may
be a life estate in personal property at ali. For-
feiture for life is the forfeiture of the absolute es-
tate of personal property. Not so with real estate;
and it is precisely on this ground that I base the
distinction. By your attainder of treason you may
imprison a man for life and take all his property
for life. If you take his personal property for life,
that takes it absolutely. You may take his real
estate for life; but when he is dead it goes to his
heirs.
I do not desire to take up the time of the Sen-
ate in discussing this question at length. What
I want is, if we undertake to take the property of
these rebels, to take their real estate in such a
way that we can hold it and sell it, dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to ask the Senator what is his objection to taking
tire real estate during the life of the traitor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That would be perfectly
constitutional.
Mr. HALE. I cannot say, as the Senator from
Wisconsin has said, which I do not doubt, that I
have examined this subject with a good deal of
care and given a good deal of attention to it. I
have not; I only speak from what my impressions
are; but I think the Senator has advanced one dis-
tinction which he cannot maintain and which is
not warranted by any authority and cannot be
made to be the result of ever so much study.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow me a word?
Mr. HALE. Yes.
Mr. COWAN. Upon a conviction for treason,
to instanti, the personal goods and chattels were
forfeited, and upon an attainder, or judgment in
treason, the lands were forfeited. Now it might
happen very well 
Mr. HALE. I thought the Senator wanted to
ask me a question.
Mr. COWAN. If the gentleman is restive, I
will yield.
Mr. HALE. Oh no; go on.
Mr. COWAN. It might happen that goods
and chattels were forfeited, and tnat there was not
anything else. The Constitution forbids a forfeit-
ure upon attainder; but it does not forbid a forfeit-
ure upon conviction. Therefore there might, per-
haps, be a forfeiture of goods and chattels abso-
lutely, and yet no forfeiture of lands, tenements,
or hereditaments.
Mr.HALE. The Senator from Wisconsinand
the Senator from Pennsylvania seem to have the
same notion. Now, I do not pretend to a great
deal of law; 1 never expect to be a judge of the
Supreme Court or of any other court; I hope there
is no such fate in store for me; and I should be
willing to have corruption of blood worked upon
me so that none of my heirs ever could be. [Laugh-
ter.] The idea that the term " conviction" means
the rendering of the verdict, is the idea which the
Senator from Wisconsin seems to have, and so
does the Senator from Pennsylvania; and a very
learned friend of mine has made the same sugges-
tion to me privately, that the rendering of the ver-
dict is the conviction that is spoken of. I confess
that I cannot well conceive of a more absurd prop-
osition, because the rendering of a verdict means
nothing; it is no judgment; it is no conviction; it
is nothing but the finding of twelve men upon
their oaths that a certain state of facts exists, and
it is of no avail until the judgment of the court
has followed upon it. An argument has been at-
tempted to be sustained because the judge, or the
clerk speaking for the judge, says to the criminal:
" listen to the sentence of the crime whereof you
have been convicted." How convicted ? By the
rendering of the verdict? Notatall; but the court
have considered it, the court have determined to
enter judgment upon it, and it is the mind of the
court rendering this verdict efficient and giving it
force that is the conviction.
•Suppose a verdict is rendered and exception is
taken to it, whete is that vcidict then ? Has itany
foice? The court say, "we will consider that;"
the exception i*? noted agreeably to the rules of the
eonit; the court take time; it may be a week, it
may be a month: and finally they determine that
the veidict was illegally rendered. According to
the judgment of these gentlemen, that verdict, ille-
gally rondeied and contrary to law and without
any eilect, has forfeited the traitor's estate. That
