1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1787
cannot be so. Again: suppose a verdict is ren-
dered, and the counsel for the prisoner thinks the
verdict is lili-gal, and so illegal on the face of it that
judgment may he arrested, and he makes a motion
in arrest of judgment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my honorable friend
allow me to interrupt him? I am a very humble
lawyer myself, and therefore I desire to stand on
authority when the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire takes a position against me, and I beg
to read a sentence or two bearing on this point.
Mr. HALE. What is the book?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Blackstone.
Mr. HALE. Is it text or commentary?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe it is the com-
mentary itself. Perhaps I may be struggling as
the young lawyer struggled "With the justice, whose
prejudices were so strongly set against him that
he was determined not to hear.
Mr. HALE. No, I will hear.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He said to the justice that,
as he did not desire to make a speech himself, he
could read from authority. The justice shook his
head, and said, " No, sir; my mind is made up
against you." " Your honor," said he, " 1 had
no hope of being able to convince you by any-
thing 1 should say myself; but I desired to read
an extract or two from Blackstone, just to show
you what an old fool Blackstone was," [Laugh-
ter.] Blackstone says this, speaking of judgment
and its consequences:
"We are now to considertho next stage of criminal pros-
ecution, after tiial and conviction are past, in such enmes
and misdemeanors as are either too high or too low to be
inciudcd within the benefit of clcrgy, winch isthatofjud*-
mcnt."
After the trial and conviction are past, the next
stage in criminal proceedings is what Blackstone
proposes to consider, which is the judgment.
Again, he says:
'•'When sentence of death, the most terrible and highest
judgment in the laws ol'En^land, is pronounced, the imme-
diate, inseparable consequence, by the common law,
tainder. For when it is now clear beyond all dispute that
the criminal is no longei fit lo live upon this earth, but is
to be extei mhuited as a monster and a bane to human so-
ciety, the law MiN a note of infamy upon him, puts luiri out
of its piotcction, and takes no tuuher care of him than
baieiy to sec him executed. He is then called attaint, at-
tinctusi stained or blackened. He no longer of any credit
or reputation; lie cannot be a witness in any court, neither
is he capable of peiforming tins functions oi another man;
for, by an anticipation of his punishment, he isuheady dead
m law. This is after judgment; for there is gteat diffeience
between a man convicted and attainted; though they are
frequently, tinongh inaceuiaey, confounded together. After
conviction only a man is liable to none of these disabilities,
for there is still, in contemplation of law, a possibility of
his innocence,
u Something may foe oflViedm arrest of judgment; the in-
dictment may bo euoneous, winch will lender his guilt
uncertain, and thereupon the piesent conviction may be
quashed; he may obtain a pardon, or be allowed the benefit
of clergy ; both which suppose f,omc latent spaik* of merit,
which plead in extenuation of his fault. But when judg-
ment is once pronounced, both law and fact conspue to
prove him completely guilty; and there is not the lemotest
possibility lcit of anything to be said in his favor. Upon
judgment, theiefore, of death, and not before, the attainder
of a criminal commences; oi upon such cucum-tanccs as
are equivalent to judgment of death ; as judgment of out-
lawry on a capital crime, pronounced lor absconding or flee-
ing from justice, winch tacitly confesses the guilt. And,
therefoic, either upon judgment ot outlawiv, or of death,
for tieason oi felony, a man shall be said to be attainted."'
Now, bear in mind what I before lead ftom
Blackstone: " There is a remarkable difference or
two between the forfeiture of lands and of goods
and chattels. 1. Lands are forfeited upon attaindery
and not before."
The attainder follows the judgment pronounced,
which is a staa:c in criminal proceedings that takes
place after the conviction:
" Goods and chattels are foifeited by conviction.'"
I agree that the teim conviction is very fre-
quently applied to a man that has been tried, con-
victed, and condemned as a guilty party; but as
Biackstone says, it is through inaccuracy that ;
these two terms—conviction and judgment—are j
confounded. In all legal proceedings where a
party is convicted, on the iccord is the fact of the
charge which is mode against him, and also the
fact found against him  
Air. HOWARD. Will my friend from AVis-
eonsm allow mo to put a question to him on that
point ? 1 understand him as asserting that in cases
of prosecution for treason, theie is a forfeimie of
goods and chattels upon conviction nieielv. and
that that forfeiture takes effect in virtue of the
conviction and in rspoeuvo of i he actual utuundei,
winch is the effect of the judgment, though not
the judgment. I desire to know if I understand
him correctly. It strikes me as being a very great
absurdity. I say it with great respect to my
friend.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do make that distinction
between a conviction and a judgment which pro-
duces an attainder.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand him that a
conviction works a forfeiture of goods and chat-
tels without a judgment? That is the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do say that it works it
before the judgment is pronounced.
Mr. HOWARD. That does not answer the
question. The question is whether it works it
without judgment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend is getting into
some metaphysical questions that do not meet the
point between me and the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. HOWARD. No.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not to be pushed
from the precise point that upon conviction the
goods and chattels are forfeited absolutely, but
the real estate is not affected at all until the judg-
ment of death or outlawry is pronounced. I de-
sire to read from New York authority also, if my
honorable friend will allow me, while we are on
this question. I quote from Mr. Wendell's note,
(vol. 4, Blackstone's Commentaries, p. 389,) stat-
ing the law of New York:
If a person convicted of trpa«on abscond or conceal
himself so that he cannot be apprehended, the court m
which the conviction is held may make an order that he
appear at the next term to jeceivc judgment, or thatjudg-
mcnt of outlawry will be rendered against Inm. Jfhe make
default, judgment of outlawry i* enteied against him, by
Which he loifeits to the people of the State during his life-
time—but no longer—every freehold eilateor i ceil property
of which he was seized in liis own right at the time of the
treason committed, or at any time thereafter; and also for-
feits all his goods and chattels."
This maintains the same distinction that I have
stated.
Mr. HALE. I will not occupy the time of the
Senate. I have heard more of estates tail and of
black letter law this afternoon than I have before
heaid since I was a student of law. But the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin says lie means to
hold me to the point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No. I said that I was
not to be pushed from the point by my friend
from Michigan.
Mr. HALE. No matter. The Senator stated
a point that I have had no controversy with him
about at all, not the slightest; it is a question that
I have no more doubt upon than I have as to my
own personal identity—I allude to his argument
that certain consequences follow a conviction.
The point the Senator made at first, and which I
controverted, was that the rendering of the ver-
dict was the conviction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He sticks to that now.
Mr. HALE. Not in his last remarks. I do
not, however, wish to occupy the time of the
Senate. Though 1 think this has been a more
profitable discussion than we generally have, I do
not think it is very profitable at that, and I will
not continue it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say one word
in relation to voting on this portion of the amend-
ment. There have been presented one or two
very important substitutes for this bill: I refer es-
pecially to the one piesentcd by the honorable
Senator fiom Vermont, [Mr. Collameii.] For
myself I do not feel prepared to vote on this ques-
tion until I have heard the honorable Senator from I
Vermont speak upon the substitute which he has I
presented. I deem u very important, and I think i
it would be preferable for us to hear what gentle- j
men desire to say upon these various propositions,
before we vote to give our pieference to any one
of them. I will therefore renew the motion for an
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be done.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, .'Jpri! 1S62.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, R^v. Thomas H. Stockton*.
The Journal ofyestrrday was lead and approved. ;
DANISH BARK JOIKJKX UMiKXTZKX j
Mr. COX. I would like the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up a bill which is now
in the Committee of the Whole, and put it upon its
passage. Itis in reference to a Danish bark which
was seized by our blockading squadron. At th'e
request of the Secretary of State, my attention has
been called to this matter, and for diplomatic rea-
sons, which I do not altogether know,and which
I would not state if I knew, this matter may as
well be disposed of now as at any time. An
award has been made by an eminent merchant of
New Yorkfor the damage sustained by the seizure
of the bark. The money proposed to be appro-
priated by the bill is only §1,850. It is a Senate
bill. It passed the Senate Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and was sent to the House. It has passed
tbiough our Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
the papers show that it is a correct case in every
respect. I ask that the bill may be read.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
paid, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to the order of the proper func-
tionary of the Government of his Majesty the
King of Denmark, the sum of $1,850, as full com-
pensation to the owners of the Danish bark Jor-
gen Lorentzen, or their legal representatives, for
damages occasioned by reason of the wrongful
seizure and detention of the bark by the Morning
Light, a vessel of the United States blockading
squadron, in December last, and also as full com-
pensation to the master, mate, and crew of the
bark, the sum to be distributed agreeably to the
award of Messrs. Moses Taylor and H. Dollner,
to whom the claim was referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is there any report ac-
companying the bill?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; there is a report printed
and laid upon the tables of members. It is Execu-
tive Document No. "28.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the reading of
the leport.
Mr. COX. It is nine pages long. Perhaps it
will be sufficient for the Clerk to read the award.
The Clerk read the following:
Nfw York, March 5, 1862.
In the case of the Danish bark Joryen Loientzen, seized
at sea hv the United States ship Morning Light, and sent
to Xew Yoik in ehaige oi a pitze crew, the undersigned,
Mosis Tajlor, appointed on the pan ot the United States,
and Iloiaoe Dollnei, consul ot Dcmmaik at New York, ap-
pointed on the parr of the Dam-h mmi-tei, u commission
to a*- e<s pecuniar; damage*, do assess s>ueh damages as
per statement hoievvith, as follows :
roi dam.isfo-i sustained by vessel and owners.  $1,500
For damages sustained bv the crew and mate, and
claimed by the master as their agent  350
$1,850
(The master waives claim on own part.)
The total amount of darnairo. and in full settlement of
ad efaims on the pait of vessel, owneis, officers, and crew,
$1,850. MOSES TAYLOR,
II. DOLLNER,
Commissioners.
Mr. COX. The bark was seized under a misap-
prehension that she was about running the block-
ade, and taken into the port of New York. It
was there ascertained thatthe seizure was through
a mistake. The master claimed $2,600 damages.
The matter was laid before the Secretary of State,
and the Secretary of State laid it before the Sec-
retary of the Navy. The Secretary of the Navy,
upon examination, found that it originated in a
mistake upon the pai t of our officer, and the sub-
ject was referred to Moses Taylor, of New York,
and the Danish consul at New York, to assess the
damages, and the claim of $2,GOO was cut down
to $1,850 by the arbitrators. The report shows
the different items of claim and the amount allowed
on each item.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Has the bill been recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy or the Sec-
retary of State?
Mr. COX. It has been recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of State, and
by the President of the United States, in a special
message.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill; and it was brought before the
House for consideration.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mi. COX moved lo i ecu insider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to teconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
