1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
37th Cong....2d Bess.
The Administration and its Assailants—Mr, MoPherson.
Ho. oi? Reps.
ing out of an invasion of the enemy's country,
our expenditures will be proportionately heavier
next year than this, forgetting that our Army is
now supplied with arms, equipments, tents, and
all the materiel of war, which need not be soon re-
placed,and that the costof recruiting, organizing,
preparing, and bringing this large army into the
field need not be repeated, both which causes will
greatly diminish expenses. Besides, he is inerror
iii supposing that wc cannot subsist the Army to
nny extent on tiro enemy. They cannot, if they
would, destroy everything. Already we have
successfully subsisted portions of the Army in that
way, and it can be continued, at least to some
extent. General Scott pursued a flying enemy,
and from the time he left Jalapa in Mexico lie
laid the country under contribution for subsist-
ence. Why cannot we, in the rebellious region ?
charge of financial mismanagement.
3. The gentleman from Indiana creates alarm-
ing figures by comparing the debt, at his figuues,
with the assessed value of the real and personal
property of the country, as shown by the census
of I860, forgetting that these assessments are,
on an average, one half under the market value;
that his statement of the amount of the public
debt is double the actual indebtedness, and that
our annual productions would support a debt of
$4,000,000,000 without involving as heavy taxa-
tion as exists in England. Our debt a year hence
will scarcely exceed one fourth of the ready capa-
city of the people to bear. In this connection the
gentleman from Indiana charges that the debt is
due to " the financial mismanagement and fraud of
the party in power," and he grows pensive over
the minute and careful calculation that every sixth
ox, every sixth horse, every sixth sheep, and
every sixth hog in all his district is doomed, in
cold blood, to be charmed, beslimed, and swal-
lowed by the horrid monster begotten by this war !
Cut what is meant by 44 financial mismanage-
ment?" Wherein lias it occurred, and by whom ?
Is it in the amount borrowed ? I have shown it
is one half less than he asserted, and a mere trifle
compared with the resources of the country. Is
it in the rate at which it was borrowed? Why,
Buchanan borrowed at from twelve to thirty-six
pei cent, in time of peace; this Administration has
not paid over seven and three tenths per cent, for
any, has paid six for part, is paying five and even
four, and, including the circulation it has fur-
nished, constituting the best currency we have
ever had, the average rate of intereston the wkole
debt is a little below four and one half per cent.
Is it in the persons from whom borrowed? The
patriotic banks were first approached, and after
them the people rushed forward, and the bonds
all: all held at home, and by all classes of society,
and are in active demand above par. Is it disa-
gi reable to the gentleman that this debt is held at
home, that the Government is thereby strength-
ened, and the world convinced of our ability to
wage the war, and our determination to achieve
success? Was it " financial mismanagement"m
the Secretary to husband the resources of the Gov-
ernment, uphold its credit, protect its securities,
and guard the Treasury at every point? Or should
Mr/Chase have imitated the devices of Cobb, who
studiously depreciated the public securities, un-
dermined the public credit, and then threw the
bonds on the market to bring what they might
amid the fangs of sharpers' unjust, intolerable,
and atrocious as were many parts of the speech
of the gentleman from Indiana, that was the most
inexplicable and unnatural which ignored the pa-
tient care, clear intelligence, and anxious fidelity
of the able and sagacious head of the Treasury,
one of the wise and pure men of the West. I
can understand why the wondiously successful
conduct of our finances, the sinews of our war,
has called forth watlmg from the London Times
and the money-changers of England, and groans
from disappointed and malicious haters of the
Government, both in and beyond the loyal States,
yet I cannot but think that, while in this problem
jay the question of the determination of the con-
test, its iiappy solution deserved to be, as it was,
the occasion of heartfelt and general rejoicing and
cenoratulation among the earnest men of the coun-
try.0 The two leaders of the proposed new party,
raising a discordant sound, call even this great
success mismanagement. Surely their perceptions
are wholly perverted, though their hearts may be
devoted to the Government,as they claim, " in a
certain sense."
comparison of expenses with mexican war.
4. The gentleman from Indiana further declares
—with emphasis and particularity, that—
The Mexican war, though a loixiL'n and distant one,
in which wo paid the soldier substantially tile same that
we payhini now, cost this Government, under the wise,
and honest admnustiationof James K. Polk, in propoition
to the imnibet of men engaged, man for man, but little
more than one fouith the amount now being expended on
a war waged at our very door-steps."
This is a most extraordinary statement, and as
indefensible as extraordinary. Leaving out of
view the unqualified indorsement of Mr. Polk's
administration, whose policy, to say the least, ini-
tiated the piescnt complications of the country,
and without which it might have for many years
avoided, if not wholly escaped, the present rebel-
lion; and, overlooking the allusion to the Mexi-
can war, the waging of which I have for years
believed, and now more firmly than ever, was
prompted by men who then had in view the de-
velopment, through it, of the infernal conspiracy
which has lately burst upon us, and whose cold
sagacity but too accurately measured the influ-
ences then and thus made active, I meet the sub-
stantive assertions of the proposition with a flat
denial.
Let us see how the case stands,
difference of fay.
In comparing the two wars, the gentleman from
Indiana states that " we then paid the soldier sub-
stantially the same that we now pay him." This
is matter of history, and easily tested. What is
the fact? Then we paid infantry seven dollars
per month, and cavalry eight. Jfow we pay in-
fan try thirteen dolhus per moil til, and cavalry four-
teen. Since that time, the pay of commissioned
officers has been increased twenty dollars per
month, and ten cents has been added to the com-
mutation value of the ration—making an average
incieaseofthe compensation of officers of between
twenty and twenty-five per cent. Wc also,atthe
extra session of July last, changed the soldier's
ration, and increased its cost about one fourth.
When, in view of such facts, the gentleman from
Indiana said the pay now is substantially what it
was then,did lie merely illustrate his idea of "sm6-
stantial sameness," of which we have had several
like illustrations; and will have more, or did he
speak rashly, sweepingly, and, as in other cases,
ill ignorance or disregard of the truth?
0tiier important considerations.
There are several other manifest considerations
which enter into this comparison made by the
gentleman fiom Indiana, but to which he has
wholly neglected to allude or give mention. When
the Mexican war broke out, the Governmenthad
on hand immense supplies of guns, small arms,
and all the munitions of war—the accumulation of
years of peace. When this rebellion broke out,
the Government was bare of everything necessary
to make war. In the Pensacolaand Norfolk navy-
yards it lost its largest collection of heavy guns.
In the arsenals and forts located in the disloyal
States, to which Floyd had removed many thou-
sands of the best patterns of muskets and rifles,
the rebels found, while the Government lost, vast
stores of the greatestvalue; and Government was
compelled to abandon and destroy its largest
armory to prevent its falling into the hands of the
enemy. As a consequence, Government was
wholly unprepared to fill the demands of the occa-
sion. It could not quickly equip and arm the
hundreds of thousands who were ready to flock
to its standard; and it was forced into European
niaikets to supply itself with articles of prime ne-
cessity. Foreign manufacturers, taking advant-
age of our necessities, controlled prices to then-
great benefit; and, further to cripple, unfriendly
Governments interposed to embarrass and delay
the shipment of our purchases. This great Army
was literally created, and the urgency of the
circumstances, and our defenseless condition sub-
jected us to every sort of annoyance and imposi-
tion. But for all this the administration of Presi-
dent Lincoln is in nowise responsible. And it
lies not in the mouth of the gentleman from Indi-
ana to rebuke it, if in recovering itself from the
slough in which Buchanan's base administration
left the Government, heavy expenses-were in-
curred, mistakes made, or even frauds committed.
All those things were more orless inevitable from
the condition of the country.
The gentleman from Indiana intimates that his
political friends would have conducted the Gov-
ernmentmore honestly and economically. I think
their past history does not at all justify this flat-
tering opinion; and I know that some of the frauds
of which the gentleman has complained, and some
smaller ones of which he does not particularly
speak, were perpetrated, or attempted to be per-
petrated, by persons of his political faith. Those
who remember the Buchanan administration and
its horrid malpractices, will not regret that its
friends are now out of power, whether reference
be had to the safety of the Treasury, or, what is
even more important, their doubtful and halting
fidelity to the great duties of the hour. But, ill
addition to the facts previously mentioned, it must
be remembered that many of the oldest and most
skillful and valuable heads of the bureaus resigned
and went South, and new men occupied their
places, to struggle with all the risks accruing upon
heavy responsibility suddenly devolved. If the
country suffered from this cause, this Adminis-
tration is not responsible—rather those Adminis-
trations which nursed traitors in high places,
which systematically excluded true men from
posts of honor and importance, and which thus
trained .men under the Government into an effi-
ciency which fitted them to strike the heaviest
blows and inflict the deepest wounds.
THE ACTUM. FI oil RES.
But, coming to the. distinct allegation, I deny
that the proportionate expenses per man were
during the Mexican war little more than one
fourth the amount now expended per man. I can
find no warrant for this statement, but the reverse.
1 take as the test the year of greatest activity, that
which witnessed the capture of the city of Mexico,
and all its antecedent victories. If the gentleman
will examine the war repott of Mr. Maicy,dated
December 2, 1847, (Ex. Doe,., first session, Thir-
tieth Congress, vol. 9, p. 45,) he will find the
streno-th of the Army ihus stilted:
Rccul.ns 21,-09
■VoluiLteen   
Total  
The expenditures for the year ending June 30,
1847, are stated in the documents accompanying
the President's message of December, 1847, to
have been:
Army pi oner    {^17,880,8'i'3 91
Moxicau hostilities   )G,0lU,' fi 43
Armories,arsenals,and munitions oi'w.n,.. l,G!T,iIi(i AS
.?35,'ia<j.38j <>l
Or, to state it differently, the expenses of the
Army from Apiil 1,1847, to April 1,1848,as sub-
sequently shown by Secretary of the Treasury
Meredith, (Ex. Doc., first session, Thirty-First
Congress, vol. ;!,) were ^M,!l81,l(i0 55.
The average annual expense per man was thus
$815 40, although General Scott subsisted on the
enemy beyond Jalapa. The average monthly
expense per man was $07 95.
From October 1, 1861, to May 92, 18G9, a pe-_
riod of about eight months, the expendituies of
the War Department, as shown by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. doves,] were
§305,118,208, at the average rate of «,38,114,776
per month. Upon the basis of having had five
hundred and seventy-five thousand men under
pay for that entire period, the avoia^e monthly ex-
pense per man lias been sGli 'ii. It we estimate
the number atfive hundred thousand,Jtlie average
monthly expense per man rises to $7(i 23. In-
stead of the comparison being favorable to our
Mexican experience, it, is the reverse; and we
have a general result which, notwithstanding the
peculiar embarrassments of the Government, and
the unprecedented nakedness of every form of
supplies, is the best and most satisfactory evi-
dence of the fidelity, integrity, and prudence with
which the public interests have been guarded.
All this, too, although the wider field of our op-
erations and greater activity of our armies add to
