1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1780
of the Government have been arrested by men in
arms against the Government, where men who
would have continued theirallegiance to the Gov-
ernment have been compelled to support the rebel-
lion upon pain of death and confiscation of prop-
erty—never, under such circumstances, has it
been proposed that those who have been thus con-
strained to give in their adhesion to the rebellion
should be subjected to the same pains and penal-
ties as those who originated this hellish rebellion.
There never was such a system proposed in a
legislative assembly since the Christian era.
And now, sir, as I do not desire to be upon the
committee, if some gentleman will move that this
whole subject be referred to a special committee,
to be appointed by the Speaker, I will gladly give
way to him to make that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to his giving way
upon any such terms.
Mr. OllN. I will then make the motion myself,
leaving it to the Chair to appoint the committee,
with the understanding that I do not desire to be
upon the committee.
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I make the point of order
that there is nothing now before the House upon
which this discussion can take place. The gen-
tleman from New York has not made any motion
that can be recognized by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind the
gentleman that House bill No. 106 is before the
House, and a motion to refer to a select commit-
tee is in order. The Chair understands the gen-
tleman from New York to submit that motiota.
Mr. HICKMAN. My point of order is that
the motion is not in such a shape that the Chan-
can take notice of it, or the House take action upon
it. The number of the committee is not named.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order,
Mr. OLIN. I modify my motion so as to pro-
vide that the committee consist of seven members,
to be appointed by the Speaker, and on that I call
the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. Oh, no; I object to that. Iliad
the iloor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to have yielded the floor, and assigned
it to the gentleman fiom Indiana. The gentleman
from New York moves that the bill now pending,
and the whole subject to which it relates, be
referred to a select committee of seven, to be
appointed by the Chair.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, 1 differ to some
extent with the gentleman ftom New York, [Mr.
Oli.v,] who made this motion, and with my col-
league, [Mr. Dunn,] who made some remarks dur-
ing the pendency of his speech. I deem it due to my-
self to state here particularly and frankly what my
views are in regard to this proposition, as it is only
by the general expression of views that the pres-
ent conflict as to the confiscation bills can be rec-
onciled. i voted yesterday against recommitting
this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to report Senator Sherman's bill m
its place, not because I was not willing tosuppoit
Senator Sherman^ bill, but because that Judi-
ciary Committee had had the matter before them
for four months, and were unable to agree upon
any bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire the gentleman from
Indiana to give me the opportunity of correcting
that which has been persistently misrepresented
here from day to day, as long as the subject has
been before the House. It has already been cor-
rected bv my colleague on the Judiciary Com-
mittee, (Mr. Thomas, of Massachusetts.] We
have agm U. We have repoi ted all these bills hack
with a iftoinmendatioii that they be rejected by
the House. It will not do, therefore, for gentle-
men to say longer that the Judiciary Committee
was unable to a^ree. It was not my will, but it
was the action of the committee insti noting me so
to report; and I desire that the declaration that
the Judiciary Committee was unable to agree on
any action shall no longer be made.
MESSAGE I'HOM TIIE PRESIDIO.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary,
informing the House that the President had ap-
proved and signed an act to establish a branch
mint of the United States at Denver City, in the
Territory of Colorado.
CONFISCATION OB' REBEL PKOPJSitTif AGAIN.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not see that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has changed very mate-
rially the point which I made; but I will accept
the statement as made by him, that the Judiciary
Committee had, after four months' deliberation,
agreed to disagree. They agreed, perhaps, as the
gentleman says, to make a negative report against
all these bills.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to correct that
again. We did not " agree to disagree." A ma-
jority of the committee, thinking it right to make
a determination of the matter, instructed me to
report to the House all these bills with a recom-
mendation that they shall not pass. Now, sir,
that action is certainly legitimate on the part of
the committee, and is as much a legitimate ac-
tion of the committee as if they had reported
back a bill with a recommendation that it should
pass.
Mr. COLFAX. I am very much obliged for
the information which my friend from Pennsyl-
vania has given me, and given to the House. Ant!
now, I suppose, that there is no question of fact
that a majority of the committee was opposed to
any of the pending bills for confiscation.
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. I take it in this light, then,
that the committee could notagree affirmatively in
favor of any one of these bills, which is the point
1 intended to allude to.
Mr. HICKMAN. One single word, which I
trust my friend from Indiana will peimit me, as
this is a matter affecting the committee. There
was a majority of the committee opposed to each
individual bill. Now, I trust that will be satis-
factory. The action of the committee is against
each and all of them.
Mi. COLFAX. Thru I suppose they were op-
posed to any other confiscation bill, as they did
not loport any other bill as a substitute for any
of the bills they repotted back adversely.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will withdraw every word
that I said about the Judiciary Committee, if the
members of that committee will only let me go
ahead the few minutes I desire to speak. [Laugh-
tei.]
Mr. POUTER. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has said that a majority of the Judiciary
Committee were opposed to any bill foi confisca-
tion. That is not so; but there was not a major-
ity in favor of these bills before the committee,
and therefore they reported against all of them.
Mr. BINGllAM. Will my friend from In-
diana allow me a word?
Mr. COLFAX. I think this matter gets more
and more into a fog the further it progresses; and
it convinces me that this measure ought to be re-
ferred to some other committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I only want to suggest to my
friend this: if a majority of the committee weie
in favor of any confiscation bill, how does it hap-
pen thata majority of the committee did not report
any confiscation bill? They had the power to do
it; why did they not do it?
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I have been
almost diverted from the few remaiks which I
intended to make on this subject.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COLFAX. I must decline to yield further.
Mr. HICKMAN. I thought the gentleman was
done.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sit; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has had most of my time so far.
Mr. HICKMAN. I thought that the gentle-
man had no subject but the Judiciary Committee,
and he abandoned that.
Mi. COLFAX. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has had the most of my time so far, and,
while regretting that that genileman is not favor-
able to a confiscation bill, 1 now propose to take
the balance of my time myself.
The bill that was laid on the table a short time
ago would lnue lelt the matter in a very indefinite
j state, as I thought, m scanning its provisions after
i our adjournment last night. I was m favor of the
1 first section of the bill, which declares that any
; man who shall hereafter willfully peisist in the
| unholy rebellion against this Government shall
I be stripped of his property, of his stocks, of his
| money, and effects! Rut the second section pro-
i vides that thes* proceedings shall be in the United
States court, and that that court is to order this
property to be sold. And when I recollected the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States
made at one time in reference to " property," a
decision which helped to inflame the South into
demands for" rights " never before recognized, I
felt it might possibly.decide that the slaves ot
these rebels were " property," and that then we
should be held up before the country and before
the world as authorizing the slaves of rebels to be
sold, and their proceeds to be paid into the Treas-
ury. 1 do not myself, as the House knows, re-
gard slaves as property. They are persons " held
to labor," to use the language of the Constitution.
But I have grave doubts as to what the Supreme
Court would decide, and the hill just laid on the
table, having been under the previous question,
and therefore not amendable, I prefer that we shall
ourselves settle this important point indisputably
by the details of whatever bill we may pass, and
not leave it as a vague question of construction to
the courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him ?
Mr. COLFAX. I must decline to yield. I am
willing to authorize the President to extend an
amnesty to those of the rank and file of the rebel
army who have either been forced into its ranks
by conscription and draft, or who were deluded
into enrolling themselves under the traitor flag
which now floats in the South, on condition that
they at once lay down their arms and return to
their allegiance. But for those of them who have
taken the oath to sustain the Constitution of the
United States 
Mr. HICKMAN. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman from Indiana is not address-
ing himself to the question before the House,
which is the question of referring this bill to a
special committee.
The SPEAKER. The bill before the House
is for facilitating the suppression of the rebellion
and preventing its return.
Mr. IIICKMAN. I understood the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Olin] to submit a motion
to refer the bill to a select committee.
The SPEAKER. That leaves the whole sub-
ject open to debate.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to know how the
matter stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
a motion to refer a bill leaves the whole subject
open to debate.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COLFAX. Unless the gentleman from
Pennsylvania appeals from the decision of the
Chair, I must claim my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The whole proposition is
open to debate.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not object to the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, although 1 have given way to him two or
three times; and he must let me finish my buef
remarks without further interruption.
Mr. HICKMAN. I was afraid the gentleman
might get on to the Judiciary Committee again.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir: I do not wish to give
way to another interlocutory debate among its
members.
I was saying, Mr. Speaker, when interrupted,
that the engineers of this rebellion—the Catilines
who sat here in the council chambers of the
Republic, and who, with the oath on their lips
and in their hearts to support the Constitution
of the United States, plotted treason at niirht—as
has been shown by papers recovered at Florida,
paiticularly the letter of Mr. Ynlee, describing
the proceedings of the midnight conclaves of these
men to their "confederates in the southern States
—should be punished by the severest penalties of
the law, for they have added to their treason per-
jury, and are doubly condemned before God and
man. Never, in any land, have there been men
more guilty and mote deserving of the oxtremost
terrors of the law. The murderer lakes but a
single life, and we call him infamous. Butthcse
men wickedly and willfully plunged a peaceful
country into the horrors of civil war, and inau-
gurated a regime of assassination and outrage
] against the Union men m their midst, hanging,
1 plundering, and imprisoning in a manner that
j throws nuo the shade the atrocities of the French
I Revolution. Not content with this, they aimed
S their blows at the life of the Republic itself; and
