270
APPENDIX TO THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
37th Cons....2d Sess.
The Administration and its Assailants—Mr. McPherson.
Ho. oi? Reps.
the necessaiy expenditures an indefinite but con-
siderable percentage. War is, of course, expen-
sive, and' in the multiplicity of officials and the
nature of their business, there will doubtless be
some infidelity, but I believe the present manage-
ment is securing as rigid accountability and faith-
ful expenditure as can be expected or is usually
secured by Governments,
charges of fraud.
I know, Mr. Chairman, we have had a great
outcry about immense frauds; butif all be true,
as asserted, they bear a very feeble relation to the
entire operations, and they are, and have been,
most grossly exaggerated. The gentleman from
Indiana declaims as loudly on this subject as any
one 1 have heard, and yet he points out very little.
I will enumerate his specifications:
He complains of the purchase of stores in New
York by Alexander Cummings, and says that a
"large sum was lost," I doubt whether in the
worst view §5,000 were lost by Government in
tlrnt affair, and not a cent by the fraud of any
one. A few inferior articles were bought, which
are notserviceable; but this is perfectly consistent
with the integrity of the parties, as the investi*
gating committee say,and is due to the haste with
which, under pressure of peril to the capital, the
commissions were executed.
He next complains of General Cameron's con-
tract for guns, all of which a commission, com-
posed of Hon. Joseph Holt of Kentucky, David
Davis of Illinois, and Hon. R. Dale Owen of
Indiana, have revised. An abstract of their re-
port has been given to the public. jYot a word
goes to show that the Government has lost a cent bv
them.
Ho next complains of General Fremont's ex-
travagance, by which lie says $550,000 were
spent in the erection of forts at St. Louis, the
building of a. pontoon bridge at Paducah, the con-
struction of railroad cars, the purchase of forage,
and the like. Most of these were legitimate ob-
jects of expenditure. It is not stated what pro-
portion of the whole sum was wasted, for we have
only general allegations, which are usually safe,
besides beingconvenient. Itis certain, the charge
carries less than it appears.
His last specification is thoconnection of George
D. Morgan with the purchase of Vessels for the
Navy, in winch his commissions readied $70,000.
I disappioved of the act of the Secretary in em-
ploying a civilian on such duty, at that time, and
with that form of compensation, and I voted for
the resolution of censure on that ground. I do
not know that excessive prices were paid for the
vessels, and I believe that the purchases were
more fairly and honestly made than were those
under Buchanan for the Paraguay expedition.
^ ihese are the only items on which the mount-
ain: of declamation is based. Analyzed, they sink
to insignificance. lo be sure, he quotes vague
opinions and rash declarations from two or three
Senators and Representatives; but they are worth
nothing, are not based upon evidence, and repre-
sent nothing but the excited fancies of their au-
thors. I wish it understood that the fustian of
the gentleman from Indiana about the corruption
of the Administration rests on a few petty items,
all occurring near the outbreak of the rebellion',
and in a period of alarm and excitemcnt such as
has never been witnessed in this country; that not
one of them has been clearly proved fraudulent;
and that all of them can be explained as, for the
most part, occurring through the error, inexperi-
ence, or Ignorance of new employes or agents.
What else could bo expecied under the tremen-
dous pressure of the great events which transpi red
in April, May, and the early summer of 1861,
when the very life of the nation was in instant
peril, and the most prodigious efforts were nut
forth to save it? Whoever expects the accuracy,
method, and security of ordinary transactions
amid such scenes and in the presence of such dan-
gers, is either fearfully ignorant of practical affairs
or unreasoningly exacting. Whatever frauds are
now attempted, the Administration and its fitends
will use every effort to prevent or correct, and
they will do all in their power to punish the fraud-
ulent, indifferent whether the blows fall upon
friends or foes. Upon this all good -men are
united.
predictions of future annual expenditure.
Here ends the chapter of fact, as painted by the
gentleman from Indiana; leaving which, he dis-
ports with even greater freshness in the domains
of fancy.' We have seen how disguising and dis-
torting have been his versionsof past events; how
much richer and rosier are his fervid inventions,
we will see hereafter.
Having shown how large the debt is and will
be, he proceeds to narrate what sums the people
will annually pay, making it up in four grand
items:
Interest on public debt, (which he considers "a very low
estimate") $100,000,000
Ordinary expenses of Government  150,000,000
Pensions, (wiucli he says " no well-informed
person will pretend will bo less " than)  100,000,000
Margin for claims, contingent expenses, &c.. 50,000,000
Grand total  §400,000,000
Of course this is fabulous and preposterous.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has shown its utter groundlessness. The esti-
mate of interest is thrice as large as it will be, if
the debt be not swelled much beyond present size.
It is twice as large as it will bo, if the debt should
reach $1,000,000,000, for he calculates upon a
much higher rate of interest than Government
is paying or will pay, and a much larger debt
than it has or will have. As to his estimate of
ordinary expenses, it is one third too high. There
is no reason why they should exceed $100,000,000
upon the cessation of hostilities. They are more
likely to be less than greater. His estimate for
pensions ($100,000,000) is absurd beyond all com-
parison. He says hemeant to include the bounty
of $100 to soldiers in it; but that is not part of
our annual payment, for Governmentdoes notpro-
pose to give the bounty more than once. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts allowed $24,000,000
for pensions per annum. The Pension Buieau es-
timate the sum at $6,000,000, and our Pension
Committee at $8,000,000, per annum. The gen-
tleman from Indiana is sixteen times beyond the
one, and twelve beyond the other.
A margin of $50,000,000 per annum, for claims,
contingents, and unforeseen expenses, is five times
what will be needed. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] estimates the annual ex-
penses, upon the basis of the present debt, at
$201,078,053. Some of his figures are too liberal;
but this sum will allow the creation of a consid-
erable sinking fund to pay the debt. Yet his cal-
culations ii duce those of the gentleman from In-
diana fifty per cent. ! At most, our expenses will
not be over one half the estimate of the gentlemen
on the other side. Our tariff will yield an average
of $50,000,,000 per annum,* thus further reducing
the direct burdens of the people. Sir, I know
that taxes are unwelcome, and tax gatherers
rarely received with pleasure. But when the peo-
ple of the loyal States remember that this is the
purchase money for their freedom, the security
of their property, the safety of themselves and
families, and the preservation of the unity of this
people and the vigor of this Government; when
they further remember that all these precious
rights and interests have been put in jeopardy by
a base and wicked band of conspirators, who have
long plotted and labored, with infernal hate and
supernal skill; that while plotting against the
Government, they were, by the connivance of de-
ceitful Presidents and treacherous Secretaries,
actually filling its high offices; that by these agen-
cies they organized a most formidable rebellion,
haying meanwhile strengthened themselves to
resist every form of attack, and weakened the
power of the Government to protect itself and
suppress them; that, by herculean efforts, ail these
devices and preparations have been reduced to
naught; and that, by the overwhelming power of
an aroused free people, their country has been
saved—they will, disregarding the alarms of the
timid, the predictions of the croaking, the machi-
nations of the unworthy, and the blandishments
of the ambitious, manfully meet all the responsi-
bilities which these events may cast upon them.
Not only will they, as good citizens, sustain their
Government by the prompt payment of their taxes,
tlm «v,vnfrfL0n0f the-rcvenue from this sour°e upon
1 !J| business, it may be stated tiiat tile receipts
from duties on imports in May were $6,229,405 68. .
but they will suspiciously watch every man who
suggests reasons why they should shirk their du-
ties, avoid their obligations, and bring discredit
on the nation. Sir, who anticipates the reverse
result knows nothing of the American character.
Let caucuses meet, addresses be written, speeches
be made, and intrigues be begun and carried on.
They will not avail to seduce our citizens from
their fidelity. They will do no more than sep-
arate the true men from the false, and will knit
the former into a firmer and more invincible pha-
lanx.
heavy freights.
I might stop here; but the gentleman from In-
diana makes other complaints which, though not
germane, demand notice. One is, that " it costs
sixty cents to freight a bushel of corn from the
Wabash river to New York, and leaves from
seven to fourteen cents to the farmer"—a terrible
extortion, which the Administration did not com-
mit, and for the correction of which I respectfully
refer the gentleman to his two distinguished po-
litical friends from New York, members of this
House, who are believed to be closely connected
with the managementof railroads which compose
part of the line from the Wabash to New York.
I do not know through what other agency he will
as speedily liberate his constituents from this op-
pression.
the morrill tariff.
Respecting the other complaint, referring to the
Morrill tariff, wherein he denounces it as inter-
fering with his right to buy where he can buy
cheapest, and as benefiting only the manufac-
turers of New England and the iron-mongers of
Pennsylvania, I desire to ask him what would be
the present condition of the country, if, carrying
out his theory, turning ourselves into producers
of raw materials, and opening our markets to
unrcstrictcd or scarcely restricted trade with the
immense, concentrated, ever-aggrandizing capital
of Europe, we had become, as we inevitably
would have become, as dependent upon Europe
as the South has been upon the North—as little
self-sustaining and self-reliant. Would we have
escaped insult, injury, intervention; Let the
gentleman consider the position of Mexico, and
answer.
What is so powerful a protection as power ?
Would the gentleman have his country safe?
Then must she be strong. How can she be strong
without the exercise which comes from the de-
velopment of all the elements of strength within
her.'1 The narrow theory of the gentleman looks
not beyond to-day—anticipates not the contin-
gencies which affect national existence, and pro-
vides not for them. It would provincialize his
country; repress ambition, invention, and prog-
ress; crush out every distinctive feature of the
American character, paralyze energy, and fit us
for the yoke which our masters, the capitalists
of Europe, would quickly prepare for us. Call
you this statesmanship ? God forbid that an Amer-
ican Legislature should ever so think.
the ikon interest.
Not only does the gentleman oppose this self-
protecting and self-progressing system, but he
flings especially at the "iron-mongers of Penn-
sylvania." Sir, this is the very madness of the
moon.
What is iron, that the gentleman reprobates the
growth of its manufacture? It is a national ne-
cessity. Without it, we cannot defend our har-
bors from a foe, our commercial cities from bom-
bardment, 01- our long sea-coast from ravages at
every point. Without it, we cannot hold the1forts
upon which millions have been spent, or protect
our commerce, whitening every sea. Without
it, this capital is insecure, and untenable against
easy attack. Without it, we cannot maintain our
position among the Powers of the world, much
less grow in influence and importance. It is as
completely essential to national life as is the bread
we eat to our physical life. It is not enough that
we have inexhaustible supplies of the ore, lime-
stone, and coal. We must have the product in
the highest form of manufacture—in the most ad-
vanced condition in which ingenuity and ski!)
mind and machinery, capital and labor, have been
able to place n. We cannot have these necessary
conditions fulfilled unless the Government, by
