768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
at one period, and said it should not exceed
$200,000,000. In the first place, Congress declared
that the States should pass laws to make the Con-
tinental money a tender for debts. Almost all the
States did so; but still it would not go; it contin-
ued to depreciate. Judge Story says of these
issues:
i(Congress endeavored to give them additional credit by
declaring that they ought to be a tender in payment of all
public and private debts; and that a refusal of the tender
ought to be an extinguishment of the dobt, and recommend-
ing the States to pass such tender laws. They even went
further, and thought proper to declare that whoever should
refuse to receive this propeity as gold and silver, should be
deemed ( an cnp.my to the liberties of these United States.' "
—Ibid., sec. 1353.
They at one time made provision for funding
it at forty to one, but the notes were never brought
in, and from 1775, from the issue of the first notes,
to 1779 they ran down—I have seen the scales of
deterioration, the different values at different times
—until they stood at fourteen hundred for one,
and in 1780 they stopped utterly, died in the hands
of the persons who possessed them, and no at-
tempt wasever made to redeem them atall. Judge
Story gives the history in a few words:
"The States still continued to fail in complying with the
requisitions of Congress to pay taxes; and Congress, not-
withstanding their solemn declaration to the coutiary, in-
creased the Issue of paper money, until it amounted to the
enormous sum of upwards of $300,000,000. The idea was
then abandoned of any redemption at par. In March, 1780,
the States were requited to bring in the bills at forty for
one; and new bills were then to be issued in lieu of them,
bearing an interest of five per cent., redeemable in six years,
to be issued on the credit of the individual States and guar-
antied by the United States. Thin new bchemc of finance
was equally unavailing. Pew of the old bills were brought
in,and of course few of the new were issued. At last the
Continental hills became of so little value that they ceased
to circulate; and in therouise of the year 1780 theyquietly
died in the hands of thoirposse^'ois. Tims were redeemed
the solemn pledges of the natfonal Government! Tims was
a paper curiency, which was deel.ued to be equal to gold
and silver, sulWied to pencil in the band-; of peisons com-
pelled to take it; and the very enormity of the wrong made
the ground of an abandonment of every attempt to redress
it!"—Ibiih, see. 1353.
. " But the history of paper money, without any adequate
funds pledged to redeem it, and lestmgmeiely on the pledge
ot the national faith, has been in all ages ami in all nabou-,
the same. It has constantly become moie and nioie depjo-
ciated; and, in some instances, has ceased from this eause
to have any cjieulalion whatsoever, whether issued by the
in<'si>uble cdict of a despot or by the more alluring onlci
of a republican Congress. There Is an abundance of illus-
trative faets scattered over the history of those of the Amer-
ican colonies who ventured upon the pernicious scheme of
raising money to htipply the public wants during their^ub-
jection to the Butish crown, and m the several States, from
the Declaration of i ndependence down to the pi esent time."
—Ibid., 13o3.
I will read another extract from Judge Story,
to show the state of affairs in ihiscountiy and the
state of political parties in the country immedi-
ately before the ad'option of the United States
Constitution:
" i n tli it? hUue of thing-* the embarrassment-; of the coun-
try in its financial concerns, thegeneial peetun.uydistiess
among the people liom the exhausting operational the wai,
the total pioMiation of comnieieo, and the languishing un-
til rift mess of figrieuUine, pave new impulses to the alieadv
marked political divisions in the legislative councils. Elfin is
worn made on one side to lelicvc the pies-uioof the public
calamities by a resort to the i«sue o! papei money, to fen-
der laws, and installment and other laws, having ibi their
object the postponement ol the payment ot piivate dehts,
ami a diminution ol the public uue-. On the othci side,
public as well as private creditor became .llaimed fiom ihe
mcieascd dangers to property, and the increased 'acihtyof
perpetrating 1 lauds to the destruction ot all private laith and
credit. And Hiey insisted strenuously upon the establish-
ment of a Government, and system ot law-, which should
preserve the public faith, ami icdcem the country fiom that
ruin which always tollows upon the violation ot the pnn-
ciples ot justice, and the moral obligation of cont: nets. 'At
length,5 we are told, 1 two great parties were foimed in
every State which were distinctly mat Iced, and which pm-
sued distinct objects with systematic arrangement. The one
struggled with unabated zeal for the exact obscivauee of
public and ptiv.Ue engagements. The disttes.ses of indi-
viduals were, they thought, to be alleviated by industry and
frugality, and not by a relaxation of the laws, or by a sacri-
fice of the rights of otheis. They wore consequently uni-
form friends of a icguiar admimstiation of justice, and of a
vigoious cour?e of taxation, which would < nah!c the State
to comply With its engagement*. Hya nafmal a^ociation
of idea.-, they were also, with veij lew exceptions, in favor
of enlarging the poweis of the Fedeial Government, and of
enabling it to protect the dignity and ehaiactct ot the nation
abroad, arid its interests at home. The other partv maiked
out Mrit-cjf amoie indulgent course. They were uniformly
in lh\or ofi.'laxm? the administration of justice, of affoid-
insr facilities loi (he payment of debt", or of suspending their
collection, and of remitting taxes.' "—Ibid.}-186.
There were the two great parties of the. notion;
and out of that condition of tilings grew Che form
of the United States Constitution, which was then
calculated and supposed to bo not only well-in-
tended but actually to provide for putting an en-
tire end to all these delusions about a temporizing
policy. This was the view with which the Con-
stitution was formed. Now, it is proposed to try
the old experiment again. Those notes are to be
put in circulation at a discount, as everybody
knows; and the very form of the bill concedesit.
The bill notonlyprovidesfor the issuing of notes,
but provides that they shall be a tender in pay-
ment of debts. If they are to be at par, and are
to be kept at par, what occasion is there for the
tender clause ? It is utterly useless. Itgoesupon
the ground, and it includes the implication that
they are not to be at par. The bill, as it came
from the House of Representatives, in order to
give currency to these notes, provided that men
should have a right, when they had a quantity of
them, to fund them in Government bonds, having
twenty years to run, with interest payable in
what? In these very notes that they had put in.
It was saying to them, "if you will only take
these notes, you may fund them in a bond, and
take your pay in the notes again." What afinan-
cial juggle is that! That is the form in which it
came to us from the other House; but an amend-
ment, reported by our committee and adopted by
the Senate, provides that the interest, at least,
shall be payable in money. When I use thatterm,
some gentlemen may say that it includes these
notes, because we declare that these notes are
money; and they think that that declaration makes
them money. We know that of old there was a
set of men m the world called alchemists, one of
whose projects was, to discover what they called
the philosopher's stone, which would transmute
everything into gold; but I believe they never
wont so far as to suppose that they could make
gold out of anything but the baser metals. We
propose to make it out of paper, without a parti-
cle of metal in the composition.
No, Mr. President; this is aiding and assisting
men who happen to owe debts to pay those debts
at par with a depreciated paper, at the cost and
expense of the creditor. That is it, disguise it as
much as you please. I call that impairing the
obligation of contracts. I have seen a little sylla-
bus of an argument, made m the House of Dele-
gates of Virginia, by AIr. Madison, when they,
before the adoption of the Constitution, were about
to make a tender law. It is in his forthcoming
papers, about to be published. He said it was the
same thing as it would be in case a man had agreed
to make deeds for a certain quantity of land; a
law should then be made that he should deed but
half of it. He said it was as clearly a destruction
of the obligation of a contract as that would be.
So with this.
. You do this in the very hill wilh which you go
before the community, and ask for credit upon
your plighted public faith. What is the public
faith ? On what docs it rest? It is that the Gov-
ernment appreciates the inviolability of contracts.
In this very bill you make provision to enable a
man, so far as the amount of the discount goes, to
discharge his debt for a less sum than he agreed
to pay. You put it in this very bill, and you do
not oblige any one else in the community to re-
ceive the paper at all. Everybody else can do
as he pleases about taking it for his property.
You make it a law binding only on choses in ac-
tion, and no way reaching choses in possession.
Therefore you make it for that purpose; a pur-
pose which, upon the face of it, is to destroy the
obligation of contracts, and therefore you do not
hold contracts inviolable. Is it possible that you
can expect to obtain the confidence of the commu-
nity and the world with such language and such
provisions in the veiy same bill in which you appeal
for credit5 If it must come to this, I should hope
their would be the little decency of keeping it out
of this bill, and putting it in a separate measure.
From the extracts winch I have read, I deduce
the conclusion, fust, that such paper, put out with-
out provision tor its payment, and undertaken to
be coerced upon the community by tender clauses,
always, and m ali countries, here and elsewheie,
not only deteiioiates, butl think I may safely say
that such paper put out upon such terms and con-
ditions in the history of the world never was paid,
and I shall hereafter endeavor to show why m all
probability it never will be. J\Iy honest opinion
is that the Constitution never intended t£ invest
Congress with any such power. On this point I
will suggest, first, that if this power was given to
Congress it would be perfectly and utterly useless,
except for purposes of injustice. Suppose there
were no debts; suppose all debts were obliterated,
and we were now about to raise money to start in
our important national concerns, wanting credit,
and we had*said,-in order to get along, that Con-
gress shall have power to make the paper issued
by the United States a tender; and suppose Con-
gress directed an issue of paper and declared that
it should be a tender: I ask whether anyboily on
earth could by that act be compelled to take it?
Would not that tender clause be brutwnfidmen?
I am going now on the supposition that nobody
now has anything due to him. Then, of course,
there is nobody to whom you can make a tender.
As to taking it for his property, a man is under
no obligation to do that. Then a power of that
kind given to Congress m the Constitution would
be simply and utterly useless; it could have no
practical effcct. Then, suppose we have debts;
what does it do? Would you invest Congress with
the power in such a case? It is good for nothing
under heaven but to enable people to cheat; Con-
gress gets nothing by it. You put out your pa-
per; it deteriorates; it is at a discount. A man
sells his property for whatever price he pleases;
and if he knows that he is to get this paper in pay-
ment, he will put on an artificial price to make up
for its deterioration; and then he can tender the
paper to his creditor in payment of a debt at its
par value, though that creditor may thereby lose
twenty-five per cent, of his debt. The obligation
of the contract is impaired just that amount by the
act of the Government. If that is the only prac-
tical use that can be made of a power in Congress
to make paper a tender, it seems to me that it does
not commend itself very much, nor do I think any-
body will be very ready to believe that the con-
vention framed the Constitution on purpose togive
this useless power just to enable some men to cheat
their creditors. Itwould require a great dcalmore
than silence to convince me that the convention
actually intended to vest such a power as that in
Congress for such an unjust purpose; and it can
be used for no other purpose. The creditor loses
his twenty-live percent., and that does not go into
the Treasury.
Again: before examining what the convention
actually did, I will present one other considera-
tion. It will be seen from the extracts I have read,
that, when they were about to form the Constitu-
tion, the people had suffered, had been demoral-
ized mainly by two things: first, by the Conti-
nental money which Congress had issued; and
second, by paper which the States had issued after
the war, and made a tender themselves, and made
relief laws about. These were the two things from
which the people had suffered. We all know that
they wrote in the Constitution that no State should
emit bills of credit, make anything but gold or
silver coin a tender m payment of debts, or impair
the obligation of contracts. Now, I would ask
were the evils, the troubles, and the disastei sof the
people all owing to the States doing that ? Had not
the people suffered to the amount of $300,000,000
by paper issued by the old Congress of the Con-
federation ? Yes. Then what they were com-
plaining of was not merely that the States cor-
rupted their people by such laws.
1 would ask any man looking at it in that clear
light of history, to say whether he believes that a
convention would get together m that state of
things and make a delibciate provision, in order
to guard against the consequences and corruptions
which had followed such a course of conduct, that
no State should thus debauch its people, but that
Congress might debauch the whole nation when-
ever it pleased. Can any man in his senses be-
lieve thatanythingof that kind was or could have
been intended ? Yet that is the talk now, and that
is the power which, it is said, is forbidden to the
States and may be exercised by Congress.
I come next to inquire what the convention
actually did. I know that the extract which I am
now about to read has been read over and over
again, but still it has not been read by me, and for
the symmetry and consistency of my argument I
must be indulged in reading it. The variofts pro-
visions of the Constitution had been agreed to,
and it had passed through the hands of the com-
mittee of revision, when the debate which I shall
road took place. In that draft, among the powers
of Congress was the power to levy and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, as it now is,
