2750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Wfeat.does the phrase "such points"relate to?
What is its antecedent, or the subject-matter con-
nected with it? According to this, it seems to me
the terminus may be within the limits of the State
of Kansas.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The word "points"
should be " point;" it is merely an error in print-
Sir. HOWARD. But even if that word is in
the singular number, it is left uncertain.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is not proposed to lo-
cate the point; it is provided for, though, within
certain fronts.
Mr. HOWARD. At such f>ointon that merid-
ian as what?
Mr. McDOUGALL. As may be determined
by the company, and within the limits provided
in the bill.  
Mr. HOWARD. That language is not in the
bill, and that is the omission to which I call at-
tention.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will find the
limitation in the bill in a subsequent clause.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems tome the sentence
is very imperfect, to say the least.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will perceive
that that is provided for clearly enough, if the
amendments arc pursued as I have suggested, that
is, the committee's amendments acted upon,and
then such other amendments made as the bill may
require.
Mr. HOWARD. I fancy the Senator will find
that this sentence needs amendment. It leaves it
too uncertain and too loose. However, I will not
occupy time on that subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President,eversince
this measure has been agitated in Congress, and
it has been agitated for more than ten years, the
practical difficulty encountered at all times has
been a controversy about routes, it has been the
judgment of the best advised men in the country
that (he road was demanded as a great national
necessity. The conflict has been between the
Southand the centerand the North, ail three strug-
gling to control the line of communication. I did
hope that now in the present condition of the coun-
try, it having been determined by an almost unan-
imous voice that a central route should be con-
structed, we had overcome this difficulty. The
difficulty was encountered, however, and was quite
a serious one in the House of Representatives, and
the controversy was between lines lying north of
the Ohio river, one interest centering at St. Louis,
the other at Chicago, and both converged going
to the frontier of Iowa and of Missouri. In the
House of Representatives they made a satisfac-
tory adjustment of the common line of departure
at the one hundred and second meridian, satisfac-
tory to the whole representation from the North-
west, upon a full and careful examination, believ-
ing that that would meet the views and interests
of both parties. There was a struggle there for
advantage in the projected line, but this being an
important feature in the bill, and this compromise
having been effected and being one of the leading
questions in the bill, the bill passed by a large
majority with the one hundred and second merid-
ian as the starting point. It came here and was
considered by a committee, a large committee, at
first a committee of five, and afterwards made
a committee of nine. That committee agreed to
the same line, after having examined the maps
carefully and computed the various interests in-
volved.
The bill was reported by the committee with
the one hundred and second meridian as the start-
ing point. There was no division of opinion in
the committee on that point. It was not made a
matter of controversy by any person on the com-
mittee. After the report was made, the Senator
from Iowa raised this question and proposed this
amendment, making the eastei n terminus at Fort
Kearny. It was suggested that the Iowa interest
and the interests running along by the head of
Lake Michigan had not been properly consulted.
Then,atmy own suggestion,and with the consent
of the Senator from Iowa, one additional member
was added to the committee, and that gentleman
was appointed. We met for the purpose mainly
ot discussing this vexed question, and upon full
deliberation, the Senators from Kansas and the
Senators from Missouri yielding the one hundred
and second meridian, we accepted the one hun-
dredth meiidian. After that, when it was under-
stood that the committee were unanimous in regard
to all the amendments, that we had no division in
the committee upon any question, I was somewhat
surprised at the Senator who had gained his point
coming into the Senate and raising this question,
which ^s calculated to embarrass the measure, if
it is incorporated in the bill.
Now, let me say to Senators thatall this rivalry
grows out of two different interests, one starting
from Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York, es-
pecially from Baltimore and Philadelphia, run-
ning through central Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
to St. Louis, and thence westward to St. Joseph,
on the frontiers of.Missouri, and the system of
roads running through Iowa, all terminating on the
Missouri river north of the Platte. It is the opin-
ion of many of those concerned in the southern
lines that the true line of the railroad across the
continent is to Denver City or by Fort Bridger.
It is on the other hand the opinion of those con-
cerned in the northern lines that the true line of
road is by the Platte and the South Pass. It has
not been determined as an engineering/act which
of these two roads, by the Kansas or by the
Platte, by Denver or Bridger or by the South Pass,
is the most practicable. Opinions are entertained
by eminent engineers,but it has not been determ-
ined.
The true policy of this measure as it passed the
House of Representatives, the true policy of this
measure as now modified by the committee of the
Senate, is to leave that engineering problem open,
that the road may go by Denver, may go by Fort
Bridger, may go by the South Pass, and give both
to the northern and southern constructed lines
equal advantages. It will be perceived that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Iowa,
forcing this line north to Fort Kearny, which is
on the Platte river, throws out the whole of the
southern system of roads. It does not affect Mis-
souri so much as the heavy interests that he
through the central western States to New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore. It will bo perceived
that if it is run north to Fort Kearny, and a de-
parture then is made so as to reach Denver City,
almost a right angle has to be made, running up
northwest and then southwest, making a loss of
distance along the main line which would not be
less than one hundred miles against the southern
system of roads; whereas if the one handled th me-
ridian be taken, fixing no particular point on that
meridian, but limiting it between twogiven lines,
you furnish the opportunity of running up the
Republican Fork, and you admit of running down
and crossing from the Republican Fork; and from
the Platte river to the Republican Fork is but
about twenty miles where it would strike; and
then by crossing through and taking either line
and running over the divide, you make an almost
straight line for the south running to Denver City,
as well as almost a straight line for the north run-
ning by the Platte. There is in that way no con-
siderable divergence from the true direct line. It
is a matter of very great importance that this
throwing the road off into angles should be
avoided. It is of the first necessity that neither
of these systems of roads should seek to take ad-
vantage of the other, or to obtain advantage of each
other in any action the Senate may take; for if
either of these systems does obtain any consid-
erable advantage, the measure cannot pass the
House of Representatives, and the measure as a
law must fail of success.
I trust Senators who are in favor of this meas-
ure will regard the importance of avoiding these
controversies that are merely local and that have
so long prevented the accomplishment of this pur-
pose. This day, but for these controversies, there
would be a road across the continent. This ques-
tion has been once settled and adjusted by a vote of
the House of Representatives; ithas beencarcfully
settled and compromised in our committee, a com-
mittee of ten members, compromised with the as-
sent and approbation of the Senator from Iowa,
and I ask that the friends of this measure may
stand by it as reported by the committee, and give
their negative vote to resist the amendment now
proposed.
Mr. llARLAN. I think the allusions made to
me by the Senator from California, and also by the
Senatorfrom Kansas,requiie that 1 shouldexplam
that I did agree in the committee to the one hun-
dredth meridian as between the one hundredth and
the one hundred and second meridians. I asked
the committee to strike out " the one hundred and
second meridian"and insert " Fort Kearny," as
ail the members of the committee present will test-
ify. I represented in the committee what I have
represented to the Senate, that it was a question
of money, as well as of local interest to the vari-
ous roads, that we should save by making the
diminution I suggested, $9,600,000 in money or in
bonds, and three million eight hundred and forty
thousand acres of land. The committee yielded so
far as to strike out the one hundred and second
meridian and insert the one hundredth. They
granted that; but I never agreed in the committee
to the one hundredth meridian as between Fort
Kearny, some fifty or sixty miles still nearer the
Missouu river and the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. JMcDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
me to ask him if he did not express himself satis-
fied with that adjustment as a compromise.
Mr. HARLAN. As between that and the one
hundred and second meridian, I preferred the one
hundredth,and I expressed myselfas satisfied that
we could connect with the main road at that point
if it were fixed on the one hundredth meridian. I
have so stated in the Senate, or attempted to state
at least, that I believe the branch roads in which
Iowa is interested can connect with the main line
at the one hundredth meridian, and, perhaps, con-
nect as well as at Fort Kearny. 1 think they can
quite as well. Thcrcfoie, so far as we are con-
cerned locally, it js merely a question of dollars
and cents whether you will make the road cost
$3,200,000 more than is necessary, on the suppo-
sition that my view is correct, when the connection
can be as well made at Fort Kearny as at sixty
miles further west. I should not feel myself just-
ified as a member of the Senate, representing the
whole nation in a feeble way, in voting to appro-
priate $3,200,000 in bonds and land if it was not
necessary; and as I believe that that expenditure
is unnecessary, that no public benefit whatever
will be achieved by it, I regard it as my duty to
make the motion 1 have made, and to stand by it.
If the Senate should differ from me in opinion, I
shall not consider that Iowa, the people I more
directly represent, will be damaged by that differ-
ence of*opinion only so far forth as they have a
general interest in the expenditure of the money
and propei ty of the Government.
I feel no other interest in this amendment than
that. I believe that the chairman of the committee,
and every member of it, is disposed to so amend
this bill, if it becomes necessary to amend it, as to
give the people of Iowa and Wisconsin and north-
ern Illinois and Minnesota and Michigan the same
interest in the road that may be secured for the
States and people that lie further south. I do not
believe that the chairman designs to give any par-
ticular locality an advantage over another, nor do
I desire it. I do not ask in this amendment that
the State which I happen to represent in part shall
be benefited more than any other State. I believe
that the roads in Kansas can connect with the main
line at the point I name as well as at the one hun-
dredth meridian. It will be cheaper to the Gov-
ernment. If I am correct in my judgment, and the
maps that are on the desks of Senators, I think,
will indicate that I am with sufficient clearness,
then it is a question whether we shall expend
ยง3,200,000 of bonds and land uselessly, and that
is the only question. If I am in error as to my
judgment on this point, and the Senate consider
that my judgment is not well founded, of couise
they will vote down the proposition I have made.
If there is any public interest to be subserved by
tins increased expenditure in the judgment of the
Senate, I hope they will vote it down, it is only
the belief that the Senate will think as 1 do that
there is no public interest lequiring the converg-
ence of these branches to be made at a point more
remote than Foi t Kearny from the Missouri river,
that has induced me to suggest this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa ar-
gues this matter simply as a question of saving
some money to the Government. I believe that
if the question is argued simply on a pecuniary
basis, there is nothing at all in it. The commit-
tee already by their amendment propose to come
within a degree, perhaps within half a degree, of
Fort Kearny. The Senator proposes to fix the
point at or near Fort Kearny, and the Senator
from Vermont proposes to amend that by saying
Fort Kearny or within fifty miles of it." The
committee have already got within fifty-eight
