1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
on many a battle-field, in a carnival of blood, they
sought not only to destroy the Union itself, but
to murder its defenders. Plunging into even still
darker crimes, they have bayoneted the wounded
on the field of carnage, buried the dead that fell
into their hands with every possible ignominy,
and then, to gloat their revenge, dug u p their lifeless
remains from the tomb, where even savages would
have allowed them to rest, and converted their
skulls in to d rinking cups—a barbarism that would
have disgraced the Visigoths of Alaric the bar-
barian, in the dark ages of the past. The blood
of our soldiers cries out from the ground against
them. Has not forbearance ceased longer to be
a virtue? We were told a year ago that leniency
would probably induce them to return to their
allegiance, and to cease this unnatural war*, and
what has been the result? Let the bloody battle-
fields of this conflict answer.
When I return home I shall miss many a fa-
miliar face that has looked in past years with the
beaming eye of friendship upon me. I shall see
those who have come home with constitutions
broken down by exposure and wounds and dis-
ease to linger and to die. I shall see women whom
I have met Sabbath after Sabbath leaning on a be-
loved husband's arm, as they went to the peace-
ful sanctuary, clothed now in widow's weeds. 1
shall see orphans destitute, with no one to train
their infant steps into paths of usefulness. I shall
see the swelling hillock in the grave-yard—where,
after life's fitful fever, we shall all be gathered—
betokening that there, prematurely cut off by a
rifle ball aimed at the life of the Republic, a pa-
triot soldier sleeps. I shall see desolate hearth-
stones and anguish and woe on every side. Those
of us here who come from Indiana and Illinois
know too painfully the sad scenes that will con-
front us amid the circles of our constituents.
Nor need we ask the cause of all this suffering,
the necessity for all these sacnfices. They have
been entailed on us as part of the fearful cost of
saving our country from destruction. But what
a mountain of guilt must rest upon those who, by
their efforts to destroy the Government and the
"Union, have rendered these terrible sacrifices
necessary.
Standing here between the living and the dead,
we cannot avoid the grave and fearful responsi-
bility devolving on us. The people will ask us
when we return to their nudst, when our brave
soldiers went forth to the battle-field to suffer, to
bleed, and to die for their country, what did you
civilians in the Halls of Congress do to cripple
the power of the rebels whom they confronted at
the cannon's mouth? What legislation did you
enact to punish those who arc responsible, by
their perjury and treason, for this suffering, des-
olation, and death? Did you levy heavy taxes
upon us and our property to pay the expenses of
a war into which we were unwillingly forced, and
allow the men who are the guilty and reckless
authors of it to go comparatively free? Did you
leave the slaves of these rebels to plant and sow
and reap, to till their farms, and thus support then-
masters and the armies of treason, while they,
thus strengthened, met us in the field ? Did you
require the patriots of the loyal States to give up
business, property, home, health, life, and ail for
the country, and yet hesitate about using the law-
making power of the Republic to subject traitors
to the. penalties as to property and possessions
which their ciimcs deserve? I would feel as if
worthy of the severest condemnation for life, if I
did not mete out to those who are the cau^e of all
this woe and anguish and death, by the side of
which all the vast expenses of the war dwindle
into insignificance, the sternest penalties of the
law while they still remain in arms in their pan i-
•cidal endeavor to blot this country from the map
of the world.
Why do we hesitate ? These men have diawn
the sword and thrown away the scabbard. They
do not hesitate in punishing Union men within
their power. They confiscate their property, and
have for a year past, without any of the com-
punctions that trouble us here. They imprison
John j\I. BoUs lor silently retaining a lingering
love for the Union in his desolate home. They
hang Union men in East Tennessee for bridge-
burning, refusing them even the sympathy of a
chaplain to console their dying hours. "They
persecute Biownlow because, faithful anion**- the
faithless, he refused, almost alone, in his out-
spoken heroism, to bow the knee to the Baal of
their worship. Let us follow his counsel by strip-
ping the leaders of this conspiracy of their posses-
sions and outlawing them hereafter from the high
places of honor and of trust they have heretofore
enjoyed.
In no other way can we more effectually be felt
throughout all the region where treason rears its
blackened crest. The loyal Union men of all those
regions will see in this legislation, and in the con-
current advance* of our armies toward the Gulf,
that we have put our hands to the plow, determ-
ined not to look back; that we have resolved that
every man who raises his hand against the Union
shall be punished; that those who remain true to
the nation shall be protected; and that the retri-
bution which shall follow the leaders of this rebel-
lion for life, shall be so thorough and severe that
no reptile flag of disunion will ever again be reared
on the soil of this Republic. And they will at last
all realize that the inducement to sympathize with
secession (so as to save their property from rebel
confiscation, and to claim at the same time Union
protection) no longer exists; that the time for this
misplaced lenity has expired; that the property
of rebels is to be confiscated; and the armies of
the Republic sustained thereon in the regions
which treason requires them to occupy.
Mercy to traitors,it has been well said,is cruelty
to loyal men. I would not imitate their crimes or
their barbarity, but I would imitate their resolu-
tion. The gentleman from Kentucky nearest me
[Mr. Grider] told us, a month or two ago, that
the rebel army had run off $300,000 worth o"fslaves
of Union men from counties near his residence, and
they have confiscated and taken slaves as sweep-
ingly as anything else claimed or held by these
men. Their own slaves work on their fortifica-
tions, from cannon behind which our soldiers at e
meieilessly slain; they pciform theii campdrudg-
cry, thus increasing the power of their army: they
raise the produce that feeds their troops, and the
ciops on the faith of which their scrip is rendered
current. If we wish to break the power of the re-
bellion,let us strike it wherever we can weaken it,
and strike it boldly and fearlessly, as the justice
of our cause most fully warrants. And let us if
there are but fifty or five hundred loyol men in a
State resolve that they shall be protected by the
whole power of the Government, and clothed with
all the advantages hereafter that their unfalter-
ing allegiance during these dark hours so richly
merits.
None of the confiscation bills before us are ex
post facto m their operation. They operate only
against those who, having been engaged m this
lebelhon, continue m arms after this long legisla-
tive forbearance. 1 can vote for nearly any one
of them, variant as their provisions are. Any one
of them is preferable to none. The Clerk of this
House, (Mr. Etiieiudoe,) recently returned from
Tennessee, tells us that, in an extensive inquiry,
he heard of but a single slaveholder of that State
who was a private in the rebel army. This is a
striking and significant fact. With that single
exception, the slaveholders were either in office,
civil or military, or at home. I have no doubt
that four fifths of all the slaves held by rebels be-
long to officers, civil or military, under the rebel
government. And we cannot longer doubt that
there are thousands upon thousands of men who
prefer ihe Union who have been absolutely forced
by threats, by terror, by delusions, or by con-
scription into the armies of the rebellion.
I am willing, therefore, to go for the bill known
as Senator Sherman's, which confiscates the prop-
erty and discharges the slaves of ail the leaders of
the rebel government; of all who had ever taken
an oath to support the Constitution and had vio-
lated it, which would include all postmasters, mail
contractors, Congressmen, Governors, members
of the State Legislature, judges, &c.; of all who
have taken an oath of any office of any kind under
the rebel authority: and of all officers of the rebel
army and navy. As to our manifest, palpable duty
as to all these classes, it seems to me there can be
no question. Another provision in his bill I favor
strongly, whichdeckuvs that all persons, high and
low, officers and privates, who continue in arms
against the Union for sixty days after the passage
of the act, shall be declared infamous, and shall
never hold an office of trust, honor, oi piofit within
the United States. This bill certainly cannot be
considered extreme. It runs no hazard of injur-
ing any one whose heart is not callous with trea-
son. Itgives the privates all the benefit of a doubt
as to the willingness of their enlistment. It makes
allegiance to the Union the test, not only of pro-
tection under the law, but of official advancement
hereafter- It prevents the conspirators of this re-
bellion from returning to occupy seats here. And
I cannot see why a majority cannot unite on this
bill, if they cannot on any other more stringent
and sweeping in its provisions.
But I am not wedded to the details of any bill.
I will very cheerfully support Senator Trumbull's
bill, now pending in the Senate. I plead only for
action. Let our legislation respond to the appeal
of Brownlow; and let us not, by a conflict between
bills looking to the same end, fail to strike the
blow that hundreds of thousands of patriot hearts
demand at our hands.
Mr. DUNN. The remarks just made by my
colleague [Mr. Colfax] suggestadditional objec-
tions to the bill reported by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and which the House has
just laid upon the table. If the vote had been
taken on the bill before our adjournment yester-
day, as its friends endeavored to have done, I
believe the bill would have passed. A night's
reflection has brought the House to a wiser judg-
ment. I am in favor of the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Olin,] to refer the
whole subject of confiscation and emancipation
to a select committee. Let these grave subjects
have the deliberate consideration their importance
demands. Our action on them may involve the
life of the nation. If 1 represented a Latin State,
I would say "in medio ibis tutissimiisbut as I
am a Representative of a people who speak plain
English and fight in plain English, I will say the
ti ue policy of our nation is to adopt moderate coun-
sels, and pursue them steadfastly. It is neither
good policy for an individual or a nation to insist on
extreme rights or extreme measures. We should
deliberately consider and wisely adopt those un-
tried measures which the exigencies of the coun-
try may make it necessary for us to adopt. But
those who bring forward such measures for our
action seem disposed to crowd them through un-
der the stringent rules of the House without fair
oppoitunity for debate or amendment. It is but
a few days since sve passed the bill for the im-
mediate emancipation of the slaves in this Dis-
trict. I stiuggled, but m vain, to secure for that
impoitant measure the deliberate action of this
House. I voted for it notwithstanding its imper-
fections. The President, m returning the bill with
his approval, administered to us not an unmerited
rebuke for the inadequacy of its provisions.
Now, sir, what is the bill which we have just
laid on the table? This is it:
lie it enacted, «$•<:., That if any person or persons, within
any State 01 Teintory of the United States, shall willfully,
after tlie takms eflect of tin* act, engage in aimed rebellion
against the Governments'the United States, or shall will-
fully aid or abet such rebellion, all the piopeity, moneys,
slocks, credits, and effects of such per&on or persons are
licicbvdeelaied lawful subjects of prize and capture, where
evei found, for the indemnity of the United States against
the expenses of suppressing  uch rebellion ; and it id hereby
made the duty of the President of the United States to cause
all such ptoperty, wherever lound, to be seized, to the end
that the same may be confiscated and condemned as here-
inafter provided, for the nsc of the United States.
Sec.1^. Jinil be it further enacted. That all propeityso
captuied or seized shall becond* muedin the distiictcourts
ol the United States, and that the pioeeedmg.s of condem-
nation shall be inirm, and shall be instituted and prose-
cuted in the name ot the United Plates m any distiiet couit
of the United States within any«di>luet in which the saute
may be seized or situate, or into which the same may be
taken and proceedings tiift instituted, and which piocced-
ings shall conform as neaily as may be to pioceedmgs in
puze cases, or to cases of itnleiuite ausm<r under the iov-
enue laws; and in all cases, the property s>o seized and con-
demned, whether leal or personal, shall be sold pursiiantto
such rules as the Secretary of the Treasury may piescilbe,
and the piocueds deposited in the Tieasury of the United
States for the sole use of the United States.
Slc.3. Jhidhctt fuither enacted. That the Attorney Gen-
eral or any disti ict attorney of the United States of any dis-
tuet m winch the said piopeity or effects may at the time
be, or into which the same maybe taken, shall institute
the proceedings of condemnation as heteinbefore piovidcd.
I will briefly discuss the merits of this bill,
although it is defeated, because it is but one of a
dozen or more of like character that arc ready to
rise up out of its rums, and which may be put un-
der the previous question, and thus preventeither
debate or amendment. It makes no discrimination
between the leaders of this rebellion and its victim?.
Itgives no day for repentance. The information
of the probable passage of the act could not reach
