1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
those to be most affected thereby,as all the usual
means of transmitting intelligence to the rebel re-
gions are suspended. It is a Draconian law,and
the President is ordered to execute it. It matters
not how ignorant the soldier in arms against his
Government may be, nor under what delusions
and prejudices he may have become involved in
this msiurection; it matters not that he may have
volunteered to serve in the rebel army to avoid
being impressed by the " shoulder tappers,"act-
ing under the authority of a military despotism—
in his absence, without his knowledge, with no
opportunity to lay down his arms to escape the
penalties of the law, all his property is to be
" seized,"and his wife and his children, hisfather
and his mother, all who may be dependent upon
him or his property for subsistence, are to be
turned out into the world paupers. All his prop-
erty is to be seized and sold. Not only, if he has
them, his houses and his lands, his cotton and his
tobacco, his wheat and his corn, his sugar and his
rice, his cattle, his swine, his beasts and imple-
ments of husbandry, but his household furniture
and the very bed on which his wife and children
sleep. Tins bill would take from the family of
the soldier the cow thatgave them milk, the meal
from their tray, and the meat from their barrel. It
would seize and sell the bed 011 which depend-
ent, trembling age rests itself, and the covering
that keeps warm the infant sleeping in its cradle.
The widow dependent upon a rebel sun, the
orphan sister dependent upon a rebel brother, the
aged and the young, the sick, the halt, the lame,
the lunatic, the imbecile—all ages, sexes, and con-
ditions are to be involved in this common ruin.
We would strip the rebels and their families of
all their property, deprive them of food, and turn
them out naked into the world, a nation of pau-
pers, and we profess to be a Christian nation, and
ours claims to be a parental Government, and this
is our grand scheme of pacification! Was ever
such a proposition made befj^ie in the councils of
a civilized nation? In the name of our common
humanity, which it should be our effort to elevate
and bind together by kindliest sympathies; in the
name of my country, whose fair record is dark-
ened by no such statute, and in the name of Chris-
tianity, which teaches us to forgive as we hope
to be forgiven, 1 thank Him who tempers justice
with mercy, that this House has defeated a bill
so cruel and disgraceful in its provisions.
Sir, I am for punishing with red hot vengeance,
the authors, promoters, and leaders of this wicked
and unprovoked rebellion. I would "smite them
hip and thigh," in the name of the Loid. They
have lifted their parricidal hands against a just
and beneficent Government. They have deceived,
misled, intimidated, and forced the people of the
South into rebellion. They have filled all parts
of our once happy country with lamentation and
mourning-. The desolate homes, the widows and
orphans, made so by these wicked conspirators,
and the memory of my many friends slaughtered
in nobly defending their country, so fill my heart
that I cannot now consider our vast public debt
and increasing expenditures as among the calam-
ities of the war. The men who brought these ca-
lamities upon our country must not escape pun-
ishment. Theirs isacrime not only against their
country, but against humanity. Grievous is their
crime, and grievously let it be punished. But,
sir, I want a discrimination to be made m our
legislation between the men who have brought
about this lebclliou aird the masses of the people
who have been involved m it. Seize, if you can,
the perjured traitors who sat in the Cabinet coun-
cils'of the late Administration while secretly
plotting the overthrow of the Government they
were under oath to support. Seize those Sena-
tors who, in the other end of this Capitol, took
counsel together how they might promote rebel-
lion, and lingered in their seats only that they
might prevent ail legislation needful to aid the then
incoming Administration to suppress the rebel-
lion. Seize those who sat with us in this Hall in
the last Congress, and heie boldly threatened tn a-
son, not only in our presence, but in' the presence
of an applauding auditory crowding those galle-
ries. By their speeches in this Hall they filled
the southern mmd with falsehoods, educated it to
treason, and fired it to rebellion. Seize the lute
oiiiceis of our Army and Navy, who, educated
and sustained by the iibeiahty of our Govern-
ment, in the hour of its need turned their ungrate-
ful and treacherous hands against it. Seize all
who have ever taken an official oath to support
the Constitution of the United States and who are
now in rebellion against it. Seize all who have
sat in their State secession conventions and legis-
lative bodies. Seize the members of their pre-
tended congress. Seize the great pretender him-
self, Jefferson Davis, and all who hold military or
civil authority under his usurpation. Seize the
leaders and promoters of a disloyal public senti-
ment at the South, whether in the church or the
State, and punish them and all the classes I have
named, so that this rebellion shall stand alone in
history, no one ever daring to enter upon an imi-
tation of so base and hazardous an experiment.
But, sir, I draw a broad distinction between the
guilt of those who have dragged the people of the
South into this rebellion, and the people who, to
a great extent, have been the victims of misrepre-
sentation, fraud, and violence. And this House
should draw that distinction broadly in its legis-
lation for the punishment of rebels. I liked that
feature of the amendment proposed yesterday by
my colleague, [Mr. Porter.] He very truly re-
marked that such a discrimination would tend to
divide southern counsels and distract their army.
Let us show to the rebels with muskets on their
shoulders that a way of reconciliation is open to
them. Let them understand that they can have
peace if they will lay down their arms of rebel-
lion, and they will soon understand that their mil-
itary and civil leaders are carrying on the war on
private account. When this becomes generally
understood among the private soldiei*s, we may
expect to see the southern army melting like snow
in the summer heat. But, sir, the classification
in the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Porter]
does not embrace all the classes of men of leading
position and influence who should be held to a
higher responsibility for their pernicious influence
in bringing on and sustaining this rebellion. I
would further designate as worthy subjects of dis-
tinguished punishment the editors of newspapers,
who daily or weekly have been issuing their sheets
filled with falsehoods to prejudice the minds and
mislead the judgments of their readers. And I
would still further designate as worthy of severe
punishment the preachers of the Gospel who have
piostituted their high positions to deceive and mis-
lead a confiding people. There are hundiedsof
such cases. One such occurs to me now, and as
an example of the pernicious teachings of one of
these apostles of treason I read an extract from a
fastday seimon preached in Richmond, Virginia,
in January last, by Rev. Thomas V. Moore, D.
D., a pastor of one of the Presbyterian churches
in that city. The Doctor declares:
a Never since the terrible scenes of La, Vendue, undoi the
luvajiins holder of republican Fiance, has the old heathen
war ciyj V(t victis! (woe tn the conquered !) been more un-
mistakably sounded b> <111 army oi mvadeis. Let tins tre-
mendous crusade become successful, either by mismanage-
ment 111 the iitmy, or cowardice and greediiiet-s at home,
and ln-tory furnishes no page so daik and bloody as that
winch would record the result. Our bctt and biavest nn.11
would be slaughtered like bullocks m the shambles; our
wives and dau^hteis dishonored bet'oie oui eye.s ; our oiues
sacked, oui field- laid wane, out homes pillaged and but tied,
oui piopctv, which we arc perlnp-* selfishly hoarding,
wrested fiom us by fines and confiscations, out giand old
Commonwealth degiadcd fiom her proud historic place of
ancient dominion, to be the vassal piovince ot a huge cen-
tral despotism, which, having waited her with the and
sword, would compel her by mihtaiy force to pay the enor-
mous expense of her own subjugation, or, in default of thi*,
paiee! out liei broad lands to insulting einigiants- as a leudal
rewaidlbi the lapine and murder ot tins new Norman con-
quest, while the owneis of these lands must either remain
as eo wrung factous toi insolent conquerors and oppressive
loid>, 01 wander as penniless and hopeless fugitives 111 a
land ot fctiangoi!-.."
Here is a beloved pastor standing before a con-
!i fiding people, and telling them that " history fur-
nishes no page so dark and bloody as that winch
would record the result5'if our arms were suc-
cessful in subduing the South; that their " best
and bravest men would be slaughtered like bul-
locks 111 the shambles: their wives and daughters
dishonoied befoie their eyes; their cities sacked:
their fields laid wnste; their homes pillaged and
burned," &e.
Now, if th" men m his congregation believed
wlm f their beloved and eloquent pastor told them,
they were cowards and poltroons if they did not
rush to aims. And why should they not believe
him? Dr. Moore is a noithern man by birth, a
native of Pennsylvania, educated m his collegiate
and theological course at the North, married to
his first wife at the North, settled as a pastor of
a church at the North, until his eminent talents
caused him to be invited to the rich and cultivated
city of Richmond to take pastoral charge of one
of its largest and most influential congregations.
Why should not those men of the South believe
this northern man, this preacher of the Gospel,
when from the sacred desk he told them that the
northern people were barbarians? And yet he,
under the provisions of the bill under considera-
tion, is only to suffer a common fate with, it may
be, the young men who, believing his statements
and fired by his eloquence, have taken up arms
against their Government, supposing they were
in the noble line of patriotic duty. I knew Mr.
Moore well when he was a student at a college in
Indiana, and loved him much, and still love him
so much that I hope he may soon find a place in
Fort Warren, where he will be preserved from
further danger for a while at least.
But, sir, how nobly have our gallant soldiery
vindicated themselves from the charges of Rev.
Dr. Moore. Was there ever a war in which
private property was better protected by an in-
vading army, or non-combatants in an enemy's
country subjected to less annoyance. Our Gov-
ernment has endeavored to conduct this war on
the established principles of civilized warfare,
and to prevent it from degenerating into a system
of guerrilla strife and robbery, which appears to
be a favorite system with the southern chivalry.
Mr. Speaker, what I most- earnestly desire is
that we, the Representatives of the people of this
nation, may be enabled to discharge the high du-
ties devolved so unexpectedly upon us like men
aware of their high responsibility to more than
thirty millions of people to the present and future
generations. If we act under a proper sense of
our responsibilities, we will endeavor to know
what we arc doing, and do it wisely. We had
better do nothing than do an unwise thing.
I have sometimes thought, Mr. Speaker, that
some of the measures introduced and advocated
here indicated that thrir advocates did not desire
to sec us again a united people. I know that when
tins rebellion broke out, some persons in the coun-
try, of great influence over public opinion, advised
that we should " let the South go" and acknowl-
edge the independence of the southern confeder-
acy. A just public sentiment compelled them to
cease publicly to advocate the 14 let them go" pol-
icy, but I sometimes think the same persons arc
endeavoring to accomplish the same purpose by
uiging Congress to adopt a policy that will rendci
a lounion impossible. At any rate, many of the
hills presented here would, if enacted, make a
reunion extremely difficult.
But, say gentlemen, the secessionists have
stripped Union men of their property, and why
shall we not depiivo them of theirs? Wc ^shall
soon arrive at a very low state of morals if wc
set out to retaliate in kind all the practices of the
secessionists. Shall we perjure ourselves because
nearly all the lcbel leadeis luue notoriously vio-
lated their solemn oaths? They have treated our
prisoners with barbarity, scalped our wounded,
mutilated our dead, buried them with indignity,
made drinking cups of the skulls of our hero
maityrs, and pipes and trinkets of their bones.
Shall we imitate their savage examples? If you
do like the rebels, you will be base like them.
Except your 1 ighteousness shall exceed the right-
eousness of the Scribes and the Pharisees, wherein
are you better than they?
I would not propose the example of the usurper
Davis or any of his associates as worthy of imi-
tation by any honest or honorable man. When
I seek for examples worthy of my imitation, or
that of others, I will seek for them in the annals
of the good, the patiiotic, the great; or I would-
turn to that Book of books which is ever " a lamp
to our feet and a light unto our path." What a
noble instance of forbearance to a prostrate foe is
given us by David, when Saul lay asleep at his
feet, in the cave m the wilderness of Engedi. Did
he slay him? No; he spared him; and when Saul
was told by David how he had spaied his life,
he lifted up his vom_v and wept," and said to
David, " Thou art more righteous than I: fur thou
hast rewarded me<;oud, whereas I have rewarded
thee evil." That was a revenge worthy of the
chosen king of Isiael, and such an example ot that
forbearance which is often far better than seventy,
as is woithy of imitation by a Chustian people.
