272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26)
3?™ Cons. ... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Law.
Ho. op Reps.
obstructions to any legislation confiscating prop-
erty as the penalty of treason, except as the result
of the judicial trial and sentence of the offender."
Though, under the Constitution, upon conviction
and trial for treason, you take a "life estate"
only, under these bills you get the fee-simple.
Sir, the difference between judicial action and
legislative confiscation is us wide and distinct as
the imagination of man can conceive. This con-
fiscation is a legislative, nota judicial proceeding.
There is no court, no jury, no trial. You decide
here upon information alone—without process,
without complaint, and without indictment—that
these people are guilty; you deny them even the
poor privilege of pleading " not guilty;" you act
as witness, judge, executioner; you decide what
punishment they shall suffer; you deny them all
right of trial. To such gross injustice, in the name
of the Constitution we have all sworn to obey, I
protest; and if my name stands recorded alone
against these bills, it shall be so entered, and go
down to posterity among the records of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. Sir, I know no better
or truer remarks on this same subject than those
made by Mr. Clay, in his speech on abolitionism,
delivered in the (Jnited States Senate, February
7,1839. (Sec Colton's " Clay's Speeches," vol.
2, p. 139:)
" This property [slave] is diffused throughout all classes
and conditions of society. It is owned by widows and or-
phans, by the ajjed and mill in, as well as by the sound and
vigorous It is the subject of moitgages,deeds oftruot,and
family allotments. It has been marie the basis of numet-
on*, debts contracted upon its laith, and is tin; sole leliance,
in many instances, of cieditors within and without tiie klavc
State.-, Tor the debts due them. And now n is lasliiy pio-
posed, by a single leat otlcgislation, to annihilate that enor-
mous propei ty—to annihilate without'mdemmty, and with-
out compensation to its owners. Does any conscientious
man believe it possible to effect such an object without
convulsion, involution, and bloodshed?
" Abolition should no longei be regaidod as an imaginary
diumcr. The abohtiom-ts, let me suppose, succeed in their
pre>ent aim, m turning the inhabitants of tiietiee States
against (be inhabitants of the slave States; union on the
one side will beget umou on the other, and the proems of
m-iprocul consolidation will be attended with all the vio-
lent piejudtce-?, embittered pulsions, and implacable ani-
mosities whK-h ever degiaded or defoimed human nature.
A virtual dissolution of tho Union will have taken place,
while the hum ot it^ existence icmams. The most valu-
able element of union, mutual kindness, the feelings of
sympathy, the fraternal bonds which now happily unite u^.
will have been extinguished! One section will stand in
menacing ami hostile array against the othei. Collision of
opinion will In* qmelvly followed by the clash of arnia. I
will not attempt to de^-i ibn scene* which now happily lie
concealed from our view Abolitionists themselves would
shrink brick in dismay and hoiroi at the contemplation of
desolated liclds, conflagrated cities, mmdered inhabitants,
and the overthrow of the linest fabric of human government
that evei lose to animate the hopes of civilized man."
Sir, this great and good man, this patriot and
statesman, rests from his labors, and literally "his
works do follow him." Let us, while wo revere
)us memory, cherish his instructions and follow
his ad vice. The abolition party have succeeded in
their design (even at that early peiiod agitated) of
" turning the inhabitants of the fiee States against
the inhabitants of the slave States." 44 A virtual
dissolution of the Union" has taken place, " while
the mete iorm of its existence alone remains."
One section stands in hostile array against an-
other," and yet the abolitionistdoesnof" shrink
back in thsmay and horror" at the contemplation
of the miseries he has created, or the mischief he
has done; but day after day, week after week, is
forming some new plan, concocting some new
scheme by which all prospect of reunion is made
impracticable and impossible. What to him is
the overthrow of the finest fabric of government
the world ever saw, so that the black race is put
on an equality with the white—the negro raised
to the condition of a white man, with equal rio-Ius
ant! equal privileges. The whole political fabi ic,
luiscu by our fathers with so much care, with so
much wisdom, at such an enormous sacrifice of
blood and treasure, may, for all he cares, topple
to the ground, a mass of rains, which no human
skill can ever again reconstruct.
Before dismissing this branch of the subject
there is one question which I wish to put to the
chairman of the committee who reported these
bills.
The second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution provides:
rcPrc®™«atives and direct taxes shall he appor-
tioned among the several States which may be included
within this [Jnion, according to their respective numbers,
which shall be determined by adding to the whole number
of free people, including those bound to service for a term
of years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of
all other persons."
The slave population of the United States, un-
der the census of 1860, was 3,953,587, or, in round
numbers, say 4,000,000. Nov/, at the extra ses-
sion of Congress last summer, you levied a direct
tax of $20,000,000 on all the States, loyal as well as
disloyal, free as well as slave. In all the latter, the
slaves are valued as property. The aggregate value
cannot be less than $1,600,000,000. If yoti con-
fiscate their property and emancipate these slaves,
you utterly annihilate the property; the tax that
the owners of these slaves would have had to pay
must be paid by the owners of real or personal
property in the slave States, or by owners of the
same description of property in the free States.
The Government cannot lose it. Our taxes are
laid in proportion to the pressing wants of the
Tieasury. If you compel non-slaveholders of the
border States to makeup this deficiency, you have,
in return for the loyalty of these people, who saved
the border States to the Government, imposed on
them an undue burden of taxation.
Let us who reside in the non-slaveholding States
not flatter ourselves that this will not be the result.
If we expunge by our legislation §1,600,000,000 of
property in the slaveholding States, it is easy to
see that the amount of taxation which, without
emancipation or confiscation, would have been
collected in the slaveholding States, must, from
necessity, be apportioned among the free States.
The financial affairs of the Government must at
all hazards be protected. The Treasury must not
be so depleted as that the credit of the Govern-
ment is endangered or destroyed. It is due to our
public creditors, to our gallant Army and Navy,
that this should not be so. Tho money must be
had at all hazards, come from what quarter it may.
Will the free States willingly have added to the
enormous taxation under which they will suffer
from direct taxation and impost and excise duties,
this additional burden, being that proportion of
the direct tax levied on the slave States, if no
emancipation takes place ? Is this the premium
that the abolitionist is willing to pay for the abo-
lition of slavery ? I do not know what Massachu-
setts may do, but I do know the western States
would not pay a do'llar of it. The negro is not
the article they purchased, nor is that the price
they agreed to pay for it.
Mr. Speaker, much, during the discussion we
have had here the last week, has been said in ref-
erence to the " laws of nations;" and the right to
confiscate the property, real and personal, of per-
sons engaged in this rebellion, or who have aided
and abetted it, is, by those who claim that right,
drawn from the principles of elementary writers
on international law—Vattel,Grotius,PufFendorf,
and those who have treated on the subject in the
last century. These musty and moth-eaten works
have been pored over, and quoted as authority for
these outrageous,illegal, and unconstitutionalbills
now under consideration. Even our own element-
ary works—'Wheaton, Story, Kent—have been
searched over, page by page, and line byline, to
afford ajustification for this most unjust and arbi-
trary conduct on the part of our Government.
Sir, when " might made right, "during the times
of the Roman emperors, their captives—kings
and their families—were carried to Rome, chained
to the chariots of their conquerors, while their
followers were taken to the capitol and forced into
a contest with each other, as gladiators in the
arena, or into the more dreadful one with wild
beasts, in order to afford amusement to the blood-
thirsty and debased populace of the imperial city,
but m this more enlightened age, when civiliza-
tion and Christianity go hand in hand, the rights
of the conquered arc provided foi- and their per-
sons and property guarded. We need not look
into the past for a.rule to guide us; we need not
even consult our own elementary writers to learn
our duties as acivihzed and Christian nation, either
m a foreign or a civil war. Our own Government
has settled this question themselves, and settled it
in accordance with the philanthropy and spirit of
the age we live in.
Phe Ameiican principle, and I might say the
principle of all civilized countries,is stated clearly
and fully in a dispatch from one of the clearest-
headed statesmen this or any other country ever
produced—Hon. William L. Marcy, in his letter
to Count de Sartiges, as late as July, 1856. In
his letter of that date to the French Minister, (Ex.
Doc. No. 1, third session of Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, vol. 1, part 1, 1856-57,) he says:
<• The prevalence of Christianity and tiie progro&s ot civ-
ilization has greatly mitigated the seventy of tho ancient
mode of piosecutmg hostilities. War U now an affair of
Governments. 4 It is the public authority which make* and
carries uri wai : individuals are not permitted to take part in
it unless authorized to do so by their Government.' It is a
generally received rule of modern warfare, so far at least ag
opeiations upon land are concerned, that the persons and
effects of non-combatants are to be respected. The wanton
pillage or uncompensated appropriation of individual prop-
erty by an army, even in possession of an enemy's country,
is against the usage of modern times. Such a mode of pro*
cedure,at tills day, would be condemned by the enlightened
judgment of the world."
The same principle has been laid down for the
action of the Government, and recognized as the
true policy, in the letter of the present Secretary
of State to the ministers of the United States in
Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Austria,
Belgium, Italy, and Denmark, in his circular to
those gentlemen of as late a date as April 24", 1861,
and approved by President Lincoln.
What does this astute diplomatist and able
statesman, with a very strong proclivity (if I do
not eir in judging from his writings) to the ultra
theories of the Republican party, say,in his" cir-
cular," in reference to this very doctrine of con-
fiscation of private property in time of war?
"The advocates of benevolence, and the believers in
human progress, encouraged by the slow but marked melior-
ations of the barbarities of war which have obtained m mod-
ern times, have been, as you are well aware, recently en-
gaged with much assiduity in endeavoring to effect some
modifications of the law of nations in regard to the rights
of neutrals in mautime war. In the spirit of these move-
ments, the Piesident of tho United States, in the > ujr 185-4,
submitted to the several maritime nations two propositions;
to which lie solicited their assent, as permanent principles
ot international law, which were as follows:
"cl. Free ship? make fiee good'; tiiatis to say, that the
effects or goods belonging to subjects or citizens of a Power
or State at war are free fiom capture or confiscation, when
lbimd on board ot neutral vessels, with the exception of
articles contraband of war.
u<2. That the propei ty of neutrals on boaid an enemy's
vessel is not subject to confiscation, with the exception of
articles contiaband of war.' "
Again, in the same circular:
" For your own information, it will be sufficient to say
that the President adheres to the opinion expressed by my
predecessor, Mr. Mfirey, (above quoted,) that it would bo
eminently desirable, tor the good of all nations, that the
propei ty and effects of private individuals, not contraband,
should he exempt from seizure and confiscation by national
vessels in maritime war. If the time and circumstances
were piopitious to a piosecution of the negotiation*, with
that object in vie w, he would din ct that it should be assid-
uously pui*ued.,?—Message and Documents* ]8Gl-2, part 1,
pages 34-36. '
The same principles that apply to the seizure
and confiscation of the property and effects of pri-
vate individuals, notcontraband, by national ves-
sels in maritime war, apply with more fcjrce to
the effects of private individuals on land; and (he
seizure of them by us in the war wo are carrying
on with citizens of our common country, many
of whom have been forced into the rebel army by
conscription, and against their consent, and who
have never entertained any other than loyal feel-
ings towaids the Government, would be an act of
the grossest injustice, of wanton cruelty, and
"; condemned by the enlightened judgment of all
civilized nations."
Let us not, then, in this nineteenth ccntury,
return to the barbarism of former ages, and wan-
tonly pillage and confiscate "individual prop-
erty," more especially that of those who, although
in a state of rebellion, are our kindred, " bone of
our bone, flesh of ourflesh." Should these bills
pass, what a bloody and vindictive page will these
acts furnish to the future historian in his history
of this fratricidal contest!
Sir, I had thought the object of the war was to
44 restore the Union as it was," and preserve the
" Constitution as it is." So think and so believe
my people. In their name, in the name of the
conservative people of the country, in tho name
of humanity, in the name of justice, 1 appeal to
vou to pause before you pass these bills. You
have the power to pass them; vou can do so if
you will. But I ask you to reflect on the conse-
quences that will follow such ail aet—a war, the
end of which no man can foresee—a contest, the
