1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23.
This war is upsetting a good many old ideas, and
'isestablishing some new ones. An old idea ithas
effectually demolished is that of southern chivalry,
and one it has established is that of the superior
civilization of the free States.
My colleague [Mr. Colfax] has suggested that
under the provisions of this bill slaves may be
seized and sold as other property, and of course
the price of their blood brought into the Treasury
of the nation.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will ask him a question. I want to
know whether the word property is not used in
the Constitution as it is used 111 this bill ? Is it not
so used in the forfeiture statute touching the rev-
enue laws? Is it not so used in the prize laws?
Any court of the United States, under those laws,
authorizes the forfeiture and sale of property.
Mr. DUNN. I believe the Supreme Court has
decided something of that kind; but as I am not
upon the Judiciary Committee, I will not under-
take to say how that is.
Mr. COLFAX. My colleague did not exactly
state my position, I stated that by the first sec-
tion we forfeited all their property; that by the
second section we declared the proceedings to be
in the United States courts, and that under their
orders the property should be sold. I stated that
the courts might, though I do not believe they
will, decide that slaves are property; that they
decided very much in that way in the Dred Scott
case; and not being willing to intrust them with
that decision, and fearing that they might decide
so, I was not willing to put myself in the position
of being arraigned for voting for a bill having such
an effect.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Dunn] to answer himself the ques-
tion whether that which is property under the
Constitution cannot be held everywhere in every
State under the Federal law, in spite of every
State constitution ?
Mr. DUNN. I think the House will agree that
the Supreme Court has decided thisquestion,and
decided it very much as stated. If the question
were decided as indicated in the Dred Scott ease,
it would be decided that slaves wore property, and
mon, women, and children would be sold and
bought under process of the court. I do not be-
lieve that decision was right.
Mr. BINGHAM. I supposed not.
Mr. DUNN. I am not willing to trustthccourt
in relation to this question of slavery, because
very much of the trouble in which we are now
involved may be attributed to the fact that we had
a pro-slavery judiciary. The Supu-me Court of
the United Slates, in giving the intimations they
did in the Dred Scottcase, brought the gioat weight
of their authority to bear upon public opinion 011
the side of slavery. The weight of that authority
was at the time very great, though subsequently
it was not so great. _ if Lhey had not brought the
force of that authority to bear upon public senti-
ment, we might not have had the trouble we have
to-day. They infoimud the people of the South
that the North was endeavoring to invade then-
rights; and we in Indiana had to stnko for the
rights of free labor and free soil through the shield
of the Supreme Court, and we struck manfully
and struck to the death.
_ Mr. COX. 1 desire to say that it has been de-
cided by the Supremo Court that execution goes
out of Um ted States com ts against property which
the laws of a State regard as pioperty.
Mr. DUNN. We are wande ring from the sub-
ject before the House.
Mi.MALLORY. Id esire to state to my frio ml
that in the Stale of Kentucky, under pioeess of
United States courts, slaves have been sold to
.satisfy claims of the United States in that State,
and that the money was put into the United States
Treasury.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my friend be good
enough to tell me where that decision is11
Mr. MALLORY. 1 did not lefei to a decision;
1 referred to facts which have occurred in the his-
tory of the United States more than once.
Mr. DUNN. I cannot consent to have this
cross discussion during my remarks. What I
desire is this: I want to call this House to a halt
upon this great measure. I want consideration:
1 want deliberation; I want discussion. 1 am opl
posed to blinking in a bill of somueh importance
and pressing it straight through. Gentlemen may
say that we have had an opportunity to examine
this bill. That may be so; but wc fiave so much
other business that we cannot always examine
bills when we would like to. I like many of the
features of the bill introduced into the Senate by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] I like
the discrimination which it makes between the
deluded people and those who deluded them. I
want the men who wear stars and eagles and
shoulder straps, men who are called honorable in
their sham confederacy, and every man that has
sworn to support the constitution of their usurp-
ation, to be put beyond the pale of repcntance and
mercy—I will not say repentance, but mercy.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to say to the gentle-
man that it is hardly in accordance with Scripturc
to puta man beyond the pale ofrepentance. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DUNN. I have already so qualified my
too hast-y remark, and I will qualify it still further
by saying for them what I would say for the worst
criminal, that I do not want them put beyond the
pale of mercy, but I want them to have to look to
the next world for it.
The bill introduced into the Senate by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Colla-
mer,] has much in it worthy of the favorable con-
sideration of this House. If time and deliberation
are given to this matter, some measure that will be
proper and useful can certainly be devised.
Ever since the unhappy controversy com-
menced that now distracts our country, and has
arrayed its sections into hostile armies, I have
madeit my purpose to follow after the things that
make for peace. Peace could not be secured by
compromise, because the rebels wanted none.
They wanted an independent government. They
might possibly have been satisfied by the abject
submission of the North to their will and policy.
This, of course, could not be granted. Now we
aie at war, and there is no way left but to fight
it out. On with the armies, then, and let might
and the God of battles settle the light. I have no
doubts about the result. The rebels will be van-
quished, will be subjugated to the just authority
of their Government. It will be time enough for
us then to lay upon their shoulders the weightiest
share possible of the heavy burdens their iniqui-
tous rebellion has caused. In the mean time let
us not, by any too violent legislation, throw any
difficulties in the way of securing peace. My
heart's desire is to see our people reunited in fra-
ternal bonds as they were in the days of our
fathers, and the great eneigies of this nation, now
devoted to mutual destruction, restoied to those
peaceful pursuits in which our conquests were
rapidly making us the greatest Power on the
glo be.
I shall never forget the impression of the great-
ness of my countiy, made on my mind the first
day I took my scat in this House, as I listened to
the roll-call of the States and Territories. Com-
mencing in Maine, first answered the Representa-
tives of the people of New England, so distin-
guished for their education, their enterprise, their
commerce, and their manufactures; next answered
New Yoik, an empire herself, thiough her thh ty-
three Representatives; and then Pennsylvania, the
keystone of the Federal arch; and then, sweeping
down the Atlantic coast, came the answers from
that land of sunshine and flowers, where the cot-
ton-bloom whitens their broad acres, and where
grow the sugar cane and rice. Then came the
roll-call up the great valley of the Mississippi,
and from that valley and the valleys of all its trib-
utaries, extending from the Gulf of Mexico to the
northern lakes, were heard the responses of the
Representatives of the people of great States and
Territories; but still the roll-cali proceeded, and
bounding over the Rocky mountains, called upon
the States on the Pacific coast,and they answered
through the Representatives of California and
Oivgon. Again there was a call, and the Delegate
from lai-off Washington Territory answered the
summons. Around me sat the Representatives of
| all the great mateiial interests of our country; of
| the hardy seamen who spread their sails on every
I ocean, of the cotton and woolen manufacturers,
| of the cunning woikmen in biass and iron, of the
j great railroad interests, of the agricultural pro-
i ducts, of the cattle on a thousand lulls, and of the
j mines of iron, gold, and silver m our mountains.
|j On in y right sataRepresentative who,in his home
!i at midsummer was chilled by the cold winds of
the north, and on my left one around whose
southern home the flowers bloomed throughout
the year. Here sat another, from our farthest
eastern coast, who looked upon the sun as he rose
fresh from the Atlantic to run his daily course,
and there another, who looked upon that sun as
his daily journey run, he gathered the robes of
evening around him and sunk to rest in the bosom
of the Pacific. What a country! How great in
extent! How vast in its resources; what a variety
of soil, climate, and production! This was my
country; this is my country, and if any poor efforts
or sacrifices of mine can secure so great a blessing,
this, undiminished of its territory and power,shall
be my country, and the country of my children,
and of my children's children to remotest genera-
tions.
Mr. BINGHAM. Nothing could have amazed
me more than the extraordinary speech of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] I ask the
gentleman to say himself what objection he has
to this bill, and not fall back upon a decision in
the case of Dred Scott, which he cites and repu-
diates and scorns in the same breath. This bill,
just rejected by the gentleman and his new asso-
ciates, simply provides for the seizure and con-
demnation of all property of armed rebels, their
aiders and abettors, as an indemnity to the Uni-
ted States for the expenses of this wicked rebel-
lion. The gentleman, with the magisterial air of
a Sir Oracle, declares that vSuch legislation is a
disgrace to the age—and therefore he rejects it,
as if all of patriotism, all of honor, and all of
manhood inhere alone in those gentlemen who
tremble with fear lest men who are engaged in
armed REBELLiONagainsttheGovernmentand its
laws should be punished as their crimes deserve.
When the gentleman thus denounces the bill let
him give reasons which heaccepts,and notskulk
behind the decisions of some of the judges, which
he repudiates. Surely when the gentleman thus
denounces the bill, he should furnish a better rea-
son for his denunciation than to cite the Dred
Scott decision.
Mr. DUNN. I wish the gentleman who uses
the word " skulk" to understand that I skulk no-
where. I do not base my denunciation of this bill
upon the decisions of the Supreme Court, or upon
the point made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Colfax.] 1 base them upon the language
of the first section, which says that all property
shall be taken from every man. That is the foun-
dation of my denunciation.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is veiy ten-
der over the word " skulk,"and he oughtto have
been more tender over the word " disgrace."
Mr. DUNN. I hold to that word.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I hold to the word
"skulk." I beg leave to remind the gentleman
that the bill does not provide that " all property
shall be taken from every man." What I want of
the gentleman is that he should say for himself
whether he believes that men are property under
the Federal Constitution and laws, and whether
he believes that this bill authorizes the seizure
and sale of human beings as property, and the
payment of the proceeds thereof into the Treas-
ury.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman will allow me
the opportunity 
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has had an
opportunity already; but I will yield, as I desire
to do justice.
Mr. DUNN. I am free to say that I do not
myself believe any human being can be regarded
as property under the Constitution of the United
States. Yet I do not know that the courts will
not decide that they arc; for we know that the
courtin the Dred Scottdecision indicated thatthey
were, and in accordance with that is the statement
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory]
that slaves have been sold under process from the
United States courts in Kentucky.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is a singular dodge
again. And the gentleman will allow me to say
that I do not use that word offensively towards
him or towards the gentleman from Kentucky.
The question raised by me to-day was, not whether
slaves had been seized under execution, and, as
property under State laws, sold; but the point I
made distinctly was that, under the law of the
Federal Government declaring that "propeity"
might be seized and condemned for the use of the
United States, it had never been held or intimated
