1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fix
of emincntdomain—the power to command all the
property in the country in the form of taxation,
or in any other constitutional method. You want
our people in the field to proceed with courage and
alacrity now and immediately; but when we are
asked to do something of moral courage we hesi-
tate and palter and shrink and find fault with it.
Sir, this country is as able to sustain the armies
it has in the field as it was to put them there. But
the Government, it is said, has no property. No;
the Government must not only be able, because
it has command of all the property in the country,
but must be willing. It does not do any good to
tell a man whom you owe something, as a Gov-
ernment, that you are able to pay, when yon are
not willing to pay. That is the trouble. You
have nothing to do but to exercise the powers you
possess in commanding the resources that you can
command, and you can have money and credit
enough. I think some little courage becomes us,
too, in performing our duty. I have no doubt that
this country is able to sustain itself in this strife,
pecuniarily as well as physically. I, for one,
desire to do that; but I do not want to do it by
saying that now, because the necessity requires
money, I will go and steal it, or authorize any-
body else to steal it. I will not say to a man:
" Here is my note for so much, and if I do not
pay it, you must steal the amount from the first
man you come to, and give him this note in pay-
ment." I will do nothing of that kind. I have
faith in the Government. I no way despair of the
success of this Government. It cannotfail. Its
power, its resources, its numbers are such that it
is not possible it should fail. If we are not com-
petent to exercise the proper moral courage to do
our duties and come up to what is wanted,! hope
we shall give place to men who are.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. I hope we
shall have a vote on this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I withdraw the motion if the
Senator designs to go any further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr.-SHERMAN. I ask that the amendment
be read. We may as well act on the amend-
ments; there are a great number of them.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
Finance Committee, to strike out of the third,
fourth, and fifth lines of the first section the words:
To meet the nccesskics of tlie Tieasuiy of the United
States, and to provide a currency leceivablc for the public
dues.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in the
ninth line of the first section the words " at Wash-
ington orNcw York,"after the words " Treasury
of the United States;" so as to make the clause
read:
One hundred and fifty millions of dollais of United States
note--, not bermngiiucre--t, payable to bearer, aitlieTieas-
ury oi the United States, and ot such denomination* as he
may deem expedient, not ie&s than live dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause in the eighteenth, nineteenth, twen-
tieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, and twenty-
third lines of the first section:
And such notes herein authorized shall be receivable in
payment of all ta\*es, dime*, imports, excises, debts, and
demand?, ol oveiy kind duo to the United States, and for all
salaiics, debt*, and demands owing by the United Sjates to
individuals, cojporations, and associations with the United
States.
And in lieu of it to insert:
And such notes heiem authorized shall be receivable in
pa> ment of all public due* and demands of every descrip-
tion, and of all chums and demands again-t the United
ytatc-i of eveiy kind wltat-oevoi, except lor lnteiest upon
bonds and notes, illicit shall be paid m coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit an
amendment, by inserting the words " and the
notes authorized by the act of July 17, 18G1; "so
as to make it read:
Such notes her em authorized and the notes authorized by
the act of July 17, 1801,
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to give notice
now that, at the proper time, I shall move to
strike out that part of the bill to which I have
make objection in my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usual prac-
tice is to vote on the amendments reported by the
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio stated again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state my amendment
and the context, as I do not desire to make any
observations on the meiits of the bill until after n
is amended, because on that my vote will depend.
The present bill authorizes an issue of$150,000,000
of Treasury notes, and requires the Secretary of
the Treasury to redeem all outstanding Treasury
notes by a partof the new issue. I see no occasion
forthat. I see no occasion for lifting the outstand-
ing notes, and issuing new notes in their place.
No good will result from it. If you place the old
notes and the new on the same footing, they might
as well remain out as not; and the only effect of re-
deeming the old ones and issuing new ones in their
place would be to put the Go vernment to an expense
of about two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
for printing, &c. The cost of printing Treasury
notes, according to the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, read the other day, has been about
three hundred thousand dollars. There is no ob-
ject in lifting these notes. At one time in the
Committee on Finance it was proposed to make
a distinction between the notes, to allow the old
ones to be receivable in payment of the public
dues; but that having been waived, there is no oc-
casion for lifting the old notes and issuing others
in their place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that he wouJd have to change the whole frame of
the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to do that after
the amendments of the committee are disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language of the sec-
tion, in several provisions, looks to the redemp-
tion of the outstanding notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. But 1 understood, accord-
ing to the ruling of the Chair, that we could not
act on any proposed amendments to the main part
of the bill until we had disposed of the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance. I
therefore moved this amendment to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, intending,
after their amendments were acted on, to move
the necessary amendments to the original section,
which I supposed would be the proper course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would not costso much
as the Senator supposes, because it is only print-
ing an additional $50,000,000 of the notes after
the plate has been made, and the printing of
$>100,000,000 has taken place. It does not say
that there shall be an original plate and original
printing for these §50,000,000. You have got to
print $100,000,000 anyhow; and this is adding
another $50,000,000. The object is to make all
the notes of the same denomination and same
character; and instead of having two classes of
notes out, to have only one class. This was pro-
posed m committee, and the committee thought it
better to retain it as it was m the original bill.
Mr. GRIMES. What will be the additional ;
expense ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I cannot tell. I
asked the Secretary m the committee room, and
he said be was unable to answer distinctly. Wc
have not ascertained since; it cannot, however,
be a very large sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment will save
the expense of printing $50,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN^ What do you suppose
that will he?
Mr. SHERMAN. A pretty large sum for pa-
per, &c. There has been already disbursed, for
engraving and punting and paper for Treasury
notes, under the act of July last, $137,809, and
there are outstanding claims of over two hundred
and twenty-three thousand dollars. The Secre-
tary informs us that the whole appropriation of
§300,000 will be required. How much of it is for
printing and paper, and how much for original
plates, I cannot say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In reference to that,there
were four descriptions of securities to be printed.
There were the demand notes in the. first place;
then the seven and three tenths notes; then the
three and sixty-five hundredths notes; and also
bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be perceived that
these notes are only proposed to be issued in lieu
of the §50,000,000 demand notes. It does not
affect the others at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course; but all that
this involves is the printing of the additional fifty
millions in place of those that will be retired.'' It
does not involve a new plate, and the idea Was to?
have uniformity in the notes.
The amendment to the amendment was agreedlb.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question - re-
curs on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the question is put on
agreeing to the amendment as amended, I wish to
suggest a mere verbal amendment. This amend"
ment it seems to me is not strictly a part of the
proviso, and yet it purports here to be a part of itt
being included in the sentence beginning atii pro-
vided further." It seems to me that the proviso
properly ends with the word " dollars" on the
eighteenth line, and that the nextproposition which
is now introduced as an amendment should stand
by itself, and not form any part of the proviso,
but begin with a capital letter at " And." " And
such notes herein authorized,"&c.
I merely make the suggestion. It has occurred
to me on perusing the bill that this was not strictly
and grammatically a part of the proviso. If the
chairman of the committee will give his attention
to it and see whether it is proper or not, I shall, of
course, follow his ideas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment follows
the original bill in that respect.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the thirtieth line
of the first section, to insert the words " except
interest as aforesaid;" so as to make the clause
read:
And shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
ment of all debts, public and private, within the United
States, except interest as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
word " at the Treasury or sub-Treasuries of the
United States,"after the word " semi-annually,"
in the fortieth line oft he first section; so as to make
the clause read:
And any hohlcts of said United States notes depositing
any sum not less than fury dollar, orsomc multiple of fifty
dollars, with the Treasurer of the United States or either of
the Assistant Treasurers, shall receive in exchange therefor
duplicate certificates of deposit, one of which may he trans-
muted to the Secrctaiy of the Tieasury, who shall there-
upon issue to the holder an equal amount of bonds of the
United States, coupon or registered, as may by said holder
be desired, beating interest at the rate ot six per cent, per
antrum, payable semi-annually; and redeemable at the
pleasure ot the United States, alter twenty years from the
date thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso in the first section:
PiOvidcd, That the Secietary of the Treasury shall, upon
presentation of said certificates of deposit, issue to the
holder thereof, at hi-s option, and instead of the bonds al-
ready described, an equal amount of bonds of the United
States, coupon or registered, as may by said holder be de-
sired, bearing interest at the rate of seven per cent, per
annum, payable semi-annually, and redeemable at the
pleasure of lire United States,after five years from the date
tiiercol.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out,the
words, " or m seven per centum bonds at five
years," in the following clause, at the end of the
first section of the bill:
There shall be printed on the back of the United States
notes, which may be issued under the provision* of this
act, the following wotds: <lThe within note is a legal
tender in pajmentof all debts, public and private, and is
exchangeable for bonds of the United States bearings!* per
cent rater est, at twenty yeais, or in seven per cent, bonds
at five years/'
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmentwas in the thirteenth line
of the second section to insert the words, "at the
market value thereof," and to strike out "lawful
money," and insert" the coin," so as to make the
clause read:
And the Secietary of the Treasury may dispose of such
bonds at any time at the market value thereof, for the corn
ofthc United State*.
Mr. HOWE. I have very serious objections to
that amendment; and I cannot very well state my
objections to the amendment without stating my
views upon the whole bill. In one view of this
whole measure the amendment is very proper; m
the view I take it is very objectionable. I do not
know whether it is the pleasure of the Senate to
go on with the debate to night.
Mr.GRIMES. DoestheSenatordesiretospeak
at length on this subjcct?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
