1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273.
3Tth Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Hebel Property—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. ob Reps.
end of which no man can calculate. Generations
yet unborn will feel the effect of these measures,
and a spirit of hatred and hostility between those
who should be bound together by every tie that
can bind man to his fellow-man—a common coun-
try, a common language, a common interest—will
lead to a war of extermination, more bitter and
vindictive than the world ever witnessed. You
will alienate the border States, you will quench
every spirit of patriotism and brotherly love now
existing to a very great degree even in the States
that have seceded, and in its place encourage a
feeling of hostility that will not be effaced during
your life or mine, or the lives of those who are to
come after us.
CONFISCATION OP REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MAYNARD,
of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
May 23, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 agree most cordially with the
friends of these bills in their avowed purpose to
suppress insurrection and to punish treason; and
I am sure, if their experience in this rebellion had
been similar to mine, their views in regard to the
means of accomplishing this purpose would not
be very unlike. Our fathers, when they framed
our Government, knowing the bitternessof politi-
cal strife,and the tendency to violence in the pun-
ishment of political offenses, thought proper to
confine themselves and us, in this regard, within
comparatively narrow limits. Within those limits,
whether we would or not, we must walk. While,
therefore, I disclaim for Congress or for the Gov-
ernment any wild, limitless, unmeasurable powers,
I am not of those who would tithe the mint, anise,
and cumin of the Constitution to the neglect of
weightier matters, going to the life, the very ex-
istence of the country. I do not propose to take
the Constitution and hold it upas a shield to pro-
tect rebels and traitors; but, on the other hand, I
intend to use it as a spear to follow them and strike
them wherever I have the power. Rebellion must
be suppressed; treason must be punished. It has
pained me to see many doubtless excellent and
loyal citizens of our country spending themselves
upon theconstitutional question whether the Pres-
ident has or has not, without the assent of Con-
gress, power to suspend the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus. The occasion for its suspension
contemplated by the Constitution—rebellion—is
manifestly upon us. Every candid man who loves
his country more than he hates his political oppo-
nents will admit that there are hundreds and thou-
sands of cases in which the public safety requires
the privilege to be suspended. If any gentleman
thinks that the President has not the power to do
it under the Constitution-—I most certainly do not
—let him introduce a bill into this House forth-
with to give him that power. Although this ques-
tion has been largely and angrily discussed here
and elsewhere, and the President denounced as a
usurper and a tyrant by reason of his action, not
a single bill, strange to say, has been introduced
and pressed to its passage for that purpose; but
we chop logic and write pamphlets on the subject
quite at our leisure, as though rebellion were not
thundering at the capital and treason clutching at
our throats.
It is in this spirit, Mr. Speaker, that I approach
the discussion of this question, sincerely desiring
to do my humble part in accomplishing what I
deem the most desirable object, the reassei tion of
our authority, and the reestablishment of our flag
over every portion of our common country. I
am obliged to say, however, and I do it frankly
and in the outset, that I cannot give my assent to
the two bills that have been intioduced by the com-
mittee. I shall in brief terms state the reasons
why,and then I will ask the attention of the House
to a measure that I myself propose for their con-
sideration.
In the first place, I doubt very much the power
of Congress, under the Constitution, to pass either
New Series—No. 18.
of these bills. To say the least of it, it is doubt-
ful, and I am opposed to the exercise by this Con-
gress, at this time, in its present state of incom-
plete organization, ofany doubtful powers, when,
as I conceive, there are enough at our command
about which there is 110 doubt. I have listened with
a great deal of interest to the arguments which
have been addressed to thetlouse upon the one side
and the other, with respect to the constitutional
power of Congress to pass bills of this character.
We have just had a very able argument from the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] and
we had another, a few days ago, from the chair-
man of the committee reporting these bills, en-
deavoring to maintain their constitutionality under
whatis called the" war power." Well,sir,I have
only to say, that if the "war power" confers this au-
thority, then no legislation is necessary. Waroncc
declared or recognized, the President is clothed
in full with all the " war power" belonging to the
Government, and no legislation can increase it.
Either he has now the power to do the very things
proposed by these bills, or he has not. If he has
it, legislation is superfluous; if he has it not, no
legislation can give it to him. Upon either hypoth-
esis, it ought to be decisive. The chairman of
the committee condensed the whole argument from
the " war power" into this illustration; he says:
" Jefferson Davis may bo slain in battle with blood
upon his hands without due process of law, and
our brave dead were not murderers before their
martyrdom." Verytrue; Mr. Lincoln, if ho were
to meet Jeff Davis on the field of battlemight take
his life; that is war. But it does not follow that if
lie were to meet him accidentally as the two were
riding as private gentlemen through the country,
he would have the same right, or that he would
have the right to send an emissary to assassinate
him in his office or in his bed; killing under such
circumstances would bo simply murder. Nor
would he have the right, with a view of distracting
his attention from public affairs, or of withdraw-
ing him from the control of his army, to send an
emissary to ravish his wife, to put to death his in-
fant children, or aged parents, or to burn and des-
olate his home, whether thatemissary were a white
man sent from this city under the inducement of
pay, or a black man, stimulated to the act by a
proclamation and the promise of freedom. He
has no such right, and we can give him 110 such
right. .
Again: if Jefferson Davis were to come and sur-
render himself as a prisoner to the President, the
latter could notlawfully ordorhim to be taken out
and shot, and we cannot give him that right. It is
no part of the war power. It does not follow, there-
fore, that since a rebel may be slain red-handed in
battle, his property may bo seized wherever it is
to be found, whether it be slaves or any other kind
of propeity. The war power,as it is called, isa
part of the law of nations, and depends upon ap-
proved national usage. It can neither be enlarged
nor diminished by legislation. We may declare
war and make peace; we may create and supply
armies and navies, or we may refuse to do both;
but the war power belongs to the President, as the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and
is defined by the code of international law. If vio-
lated, every other nation would bo justified in in-
terfering, since it concerns them all alike.
But,sir, I am not disposed todiscuss that point
further, for it is my purpose to present other views
of this very wide subject—a subject far too wide
to be considered in a single hour. In the next
place, had we power to pass these bills, were their
constitutionality undoubted, I would still think we
ought not to do it. In my opinion, it would lie un-
wise, improper, a rid improvident legislation. They
will do no good. They will neither strengthen our-
selves nor weaken our ioes. On the 6th of last
August you passed a bill confiscating all property
in active employment against the Government,
whatever it migh't be. Has one dollar's worth of
property beej) taken under thatact? Has it ever
operated to weaken our enemies? On the other
hand, how has it been used by them ? No sooner
was the ink dry with which that bill was signed,
than it was circulated by the whole rebel press of
the Sou th, with all sorts of comments to stimulate,
stir up, excite, and exasperate. As to putting
down this rebellion by the operation of such meas-
ures, by mere paper edicts, whGther legislative en-
actments or Executive proclamations, you might
as well attempt to stop a mad elephant by shoot-
ing him in the car. You would enrage and infuri-
ate him, but it would be of no avail in arresting
his wild and desperate onset.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sedg-
wick] anticipated this view of the case in some
very happily-turned ironical remarks, saying that
the House would be told that we must not adopt
his policy becausc it would make the rebels mad.
That is not the, spirit and meaning of my sugges-
tions. I beg gentlemen to look at what is now tho
actual state of affairs in districts where the rebel-
lion prevails. A few weeks ago the Potomac was
blockaded; the Baltimore ana Ohio railroad was
blockaded; and the enemy were almost within
hearing of your Capitol. Where are they now?
What else? You see by every paper that their
troops are demoralized, and are deserting, not in-
dividually, but by scores and hundreds. What
else? When the year for which they had enlisted
in the confederate service had expired, and they
claimed the right to go home, the congress at Rich-
mond passed a general conscription bill, bringing
every man into their service between the ages of *
eighteen anil thirty-five. Sir, does that indicate
that the masses of the people in those portionsof
the country aie at heart in favorof this rebellion;
that they are already so " mad" that nothing can
enrage them further? What has been the result
of the conscription act? Why,hundredsand thou-
sands, to my personal knowledge, are fleeing from
the South in order to escape its effects. The evi-
dences are numerous and gratifying that public
sentiment is moving actively, and in the right di-
rection. Is it wise to adopt a policy we know to
be distasteful without the strongest assurance that
it will both add to our own strength and weaken
that of our adversaries?
Sir. W015LL. I would state, in connection with
that point, that I have just received information
from home that there are about a thousand such
persons in my district making their way home.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall add nothingto the
remarks made by other gentlemen with reference
to the effect of a general attempt to confiscate prop-
erty.
1 ask attention a moment to the bill to which
my fiiend over the way [Mr. Sedgwick] has ad-
dressed himself—tho emancipation bill. I do it
with great self-distrust, with great hesitation, af-
ter his very sweeping remark—qualified, indeed,
yet including me in the general condemnation—
that 110 slaveholder is a loyal man. 1 forgive him
the expression, for he knew not whereof he af-
firmed. But, sir, if he had seen old men, slave-
holders, who believed that it was right to hold that
kind of property, who believe so still; if he had
seen them dragged from their fields, taken to
prison, kept there under circumstances of great
personal outrage, and then sent to the far South,
there to linger and die, simply because they re-
fused to take the oath of allegiance to the confed-
erate States, I am suie he would repent his ex-
pression, and abate somewhat of its severity. I
refer to this in no unkindly spirit, for I feel noth-
ing of the sort. Ilisnigunient illustrates and is a
type of a sentiment which prevails to some extent,
not only here, but outside. It is this: that sla-
very is the cause of this rebellion, and that to
abolish slavery will necessarily crush out and end
the rebellion, upon the principle that the cause re-
moved the effect ceases. Tins proposition, so
stated, is, 111 my opinion, defective 111 two very
material respects. In the first place, it is not true,
in any just sense, that slavery is the cause of the
rebellion; and, in the second place, if it were so,
the abolition of slavery would not tend, in the
slightest degree, to suppress it. Let me cite one
or two facts in corroboration of my statement. I
hold in my hand an address of Governor Pierpont
to the people of the State of Virginia, in which
he uses this language:
" Those largely interested m slave property in Virginia
never believed the institution was iu danger by hostile le-
gislation 111 Cnnjiiess. Tho party which had always been
in favor of the Constitution, tiie Union, and the eutorce-
mcnt ot the laws, and opposed to those who ehnmed to be
the peeuluu' protcctotS ot' the institution, had lis greatest
strength in the large slaveliolding distnets ol tile btute.
The statement thus made with reference to Vir-
ginia will, I verily believe, apply to the entire
South; it certainly will to my own State.
