THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE J 8, 18G2.
New Series No. 173.
bill contemplates a route to the Pacific starting
from the Missouri river, and if the Senators will
examine the bill, they will see that there are two
points on the Missouri river of departure west-
ward: one, the southern, at Kansas City, and an-
other point on the boundary of Iowa. The only
question we are considering now is, where those
two branches shall form ajunction as you go west.
That is the point, and all the point there is under
discussion. Now, where ought they to form that
junction ? If I were in Kansas, I dare say I should
be influenced by the considerations which control
the Senators from Kansas. I appreciate the feel-
ings and sentiments of the Senators from Kansas,
and I am willing to be tender towards them and
the interests they represent. I am solicitous even
to favor that interest as far as I can, so as not to
embarrass and sacrifice the general interest. I
think the bill as reported from the committee
would embarrass the general enterprise of a road
from the Missouri river to the Pacific coast; and
for that reason I am for the amendment. The
amendmentfixes the point of intersection between
these two branches departing from the Missouri
river; and it fixes it where? I do not mean to say
it fixes it definitely; but it fixes it at or near Port
Kearny. Where is Fort Kearny? Why, sir,
upon the surveys which have been exhibited by
the topographical engineers upon the maps fur-
nished us authoritatively, it is on the great Platte
river or South Pass route, the route which has
been published to the country as feasible. Then
what other point, pray, should we begin at? I
maintain that all the information we have on this
subject that is at all reliable comes from the sur-
veys of the Government upon this subject, and
in legislating I know no other guide than the in-
telligence furnished us by the Government.
The amendment of the honorable Senator from
Iowa, assuming that we are to have two depart-
ures for this road from the Missouri, contemplates
the intersection as you go west, and it provides
that you shall intersect at or near Fort Kearny.
Now, Fort Kearny, or a point near Fort Kearny,
being on the route surveyed by the Government,
and the one reported to us as practicable and feas-
ible, what other point is theie so reasonable at
which you should begin? Therefore, I hope this
amendment will prevail. I cannot see how it will
prejudice the interests of Kansas. 1 can conceive
that a point of intersection further west might be
more favorable to her local interests; but still I
cannot see how a point of intersection here would
be prejudicial to her interests. It will be favor-
able to her interests; not so favorable, I grant you,
as the other might be, but in my opinion as favor-
able as the ciicumstances of the case will admit,
keeping always in mind that the great object is to
carry the enterprise through. Prom the best in-
vestigation I have been able to give the subject,
my opinion is that the amendment ought to be
made, and I shall vote for it.
Mr. POMEROY. This is no question between
the interest of Kansas and any other interest. It
is simply a question of whether the Senate, in ad-
vance of surveys, shall say it shall go to a given
place. We do not know but that is the best place.
We only desire that they shall not be confined to
it. The reason that I am opposed to this amend-
ment is that we propose to do a thing which we
cannot do, having just regard to the public inter-
ests. We cannot say that that is the best place,
because it has never been surveyed; the coun-
try itself is not surveyed; there has not been a
Government line run there. I only want to leave
it an open question, to be determined by the sur-
veys, .
Mr. MORRILL. My answer to that is this:
the amendment does not propose a definite point,
but it appiuximates a point; and it approximates
that point which has been made reasonably cer-
tain by the actual surveys of the Government.
Mr. POMEROY. Then you say, "at or near
Fort Kearny." In that country, " near"means
within about fifty miles.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I will modify the amendment so as to read, " a
173
point at or near Fort Kearny, to be determined
by the President of the United States."
Mr. POMEROY. I should rather have it de-
termined by the actual survey of the country. I
would trust the engineers rather than the Presi-
dent. I want the engineers to locate this road,
not the President.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I had
trusted that this controversy would not arise here.
I have labored most industriously to satisfy the
representatives of these two rival interests. The
Senate will now perceive the importance of pay-
ing some little regard to the adjustments made in
committee, where both those interests were con-
sidered,and the ad justments made in theHouseof
Representatives, where both those interests were
considered. I trust the Senate, not regarding this
controversy which has interfered with all meas-
ures, and now threatens interference with this,
will not give it such consideration as to interfere
with the measure, as it has been matured hereto-
fore upon careful examination, and fairly com-
promised as between the different interests.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make one
statement and then I am done with this question.
If this amendment prevails, and is followed by the
amendment that the Senator from Iowa threatens,
we shall be compelled to leave the Kansas valley
with our branch before we reach the seat of gov-
ernment of Kansas, Topeka, and before we reach
Fort Riley, a Government depot; we shall be com-
pelled to diverge north; and so far as Kansas is
concerned, our seat of government will be with-
out any communication with the eastern States.
Mr. tl ARLAN. Why, Mr. President,the Sen-
ator is very greatly in error. The Kansas road,
marked on the maps used by the committee, leaves
the State ofKansas near the ninety-eighth merid-
ian. .
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. I am not mistaken m
the statement I made. This country is familiar
to me; and I again reiterate, if this amendment is
persisted in, and if the amendment the Senator
from Iowa threatens, striking out Fort Riley, is
adopted, that to make a road likely to draw the
business upon it we shall be compelled to leave
the Kansas valley before we reach Topeka and
before we reach Fort Riley, and we have quite a
town—Junction City—west of Fort Riley.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that as the com-
mittee, or whoever made this map, draws it out,
both routes go by Topeka. Whichever amend-
ment prevails, whichever route is taken, they all
go by Topeka. If this map is correct, the Sen-
ator cannot be correct.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. I can only repeat what
I have stated, and the knowledge I have is de-
rived from those who have examined the routes
personally. It will be very difficult indeed with
a healthy road to reach the one hundredth merid-
ian of longitude after passing Fort Riley.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to subnutthis amend-
ment for the consideration of the Senator from
Iowa: "commencing at a point at or near Fort
Kearny, as shall be found practicable upon act-
ual surveys."
Mr. HARLAN. I will very cheerfully accept
that modification of the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why not fix the miles ?
Mr. MORRILL. The difficulty in fixing the.
miles is, we do not understand sufficiently well
the condition of the country. It seems to me, if
it is to be determined upon actual surveys, that is
about as definite as you can legislate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should like to ask
the Senator from Maine if he is aware that the
bill provides that the point where the two roads
are to meet is now, according to the provisions of
the bill, under the direction of the President of the
United States. It now provides that the point of
starting the Union road is to be fixed by the Presi-
dent of the United States at or near the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that the point
is fixed on a certain meridian of longitude.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To be fixed by the
President of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; but the bill fixes
the meridian.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. I should have no ob-
jection to have the words *' at or near the one
hundredth meridian of longitude" inserted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why should it not be
on it ? It has to cross it somewhere, and it might
as well be on it.
Mr. CLARK. If Senators will allow me, the
point is to carry it further east, and save a degree
in the length of tlie branches. We understand
Fort Kearny to be about a degree further to the
eastward than the one hundredth meridian; about
the ninety-ninth meridian.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. What branches?
Mr. CLARK. The branch from Iowa, froiri
Sioux City, will be shortened by connecting a
degree earlier.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. Yes, sir; but the two
Kansas branches run into the main line long be-
fore reaching the one hundredth meridian of lon-
gitude or Fort Kearny.
Mr. CLARK. That is very true; but I beg
the Senator to remember that Kansas is not the
whole world with regard to this matter. There
are two branches north of Kansas which have got
to be built by the people's money; ifthe bill passes.
The Senator seems to have the idea that Kansas
extends over the whole of this region; but there
are two branches north of it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think that sugges-
tion ought not to be made by the Senator.
Mr. CLARK. Then 1 take it all back again.
The Senator did not seem to know that there
were any branches north of Kansas.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. I have announced dis-
tinctly, that so anxious am I to secure a Pacific
railroad, I would do everything to obtain it.
Mr. CLARK. Then take Fort Kearny as this
point, and let us go on with the bill. If the gen-
tleman is so ready to make a sacrifice, let him
take the one hundredth meridian of longitude.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose to make
the sacrifice after 1 have made the fight.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that very well.
You will make the sacrifice when you cannot
get any more.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This bill
came into the Senate from the House of Repre-
sentatives, where it received a strong vote, on the
7th of May. It has been here about six weeks.
It has been under consideration for several days;
and I think we have got as far as the third page;
and here we are; the bill is blocked. Now, why
is it? Nearly all of us are committed to a Pacific rail-
road. We have discussed this question before the
nation for man y years. The people are toraPacific
railroad, not for a railroad bill, but for a railroad;
and now we are arrested here at thevery outset of the
bill by local interests in Missouri, Kansas, Iowa,
and Nebraska. Sir, I think this is a great national
undertaking. It is not an undertaking forKansaSj
Missouri, Nebraska, or Iowa; it is an undertak-
ing for the nation; and I think we had better cast
aside just as soon as we can all this idea of taking
care of anybody's railroads or anybody s special
interests, and settle upon a point by our v"tes 
and see if we can make progress on this bill. I
want to pass a bill that will make a laiiioad; for
[ believe it to be of vital importance to this nation
that we should commence this work, and unite
the people of the Atlantic and Pacific coasts in in-
terest. I believe it to be a commercial and above
all a political necessity; and when I use the word
" political," I speak of the strength and unity of
this nation in the future. Now, sir, here we stand,
hour after hour, with this great bill before the Sen-
ate of the United States, and everybody asking
why it does not go on, and we are checked right
at the outset of it by considerations of a mere local
character. 1 do not think we ought to be checked
by such considerations. I think the friends of a
Pacific railroad, who are anxious to pass a bill
that will build a road, should settle, and settle as
early as possible, by our votes, the question where
we are to start from; and then go ahead with the
bill. Therefore, looking at it in that light and
