274
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 23,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
- Mr. WADSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. MAYNARD. I can refuse my friend from
Kentucky without discourtesy, yet I would be
sorry to disoblige him.
Mr. "VVADSWORTFI. I merely want to make
a statement with reference to Kentucky.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well, I yield.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It appears by the as-
sessors'books of the State of Kentucky that over
eighty per cent, of the slaves of that State are
owned by Union men, whose blood has been shed
upon every battle-field since Kentucky entered on
this war.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have all seen the state-
ments made by the southern commissioners,
Messrs. Yancey, Mann, and Rost, to Earl Rus-
sell, that "it was from no fear that the slaves
would be liberated that secession took place." The
inaugural address of Mr. Jefferson Davis ascribes
the rebellion to " a long career of class legislation
directed, not to the general welfare, but to the
aggrandizement of the northern section of the
Union." The Louisville Courier, on the 15th of
January last, declared that " the slavery question
is merely the pretext, not the cause of the war;"
and other similar avowals might be quoted. No,
gentlemen, I beg leave to say that slavery is not
the cause of this rebellion, nor is it the agitation of
slavery. Although your agitation, and the acts
and declarations of extreme men, have been used
as very important instruments, as weapons which
the men concerned in this movement found suited
to their hands, and used with great power, yet that
was not the cause. If they had not found those
weapons they would have found others. If they
had not had excuses in the slavery agitation they
would have found other excuses. Had you given
them blank paper and let them write upon it tl^ir
demands in reference to slavery, and then recorded
these demands in the statute-books in the form of
law, they would not have been satisfied. They
did not wish to be satisfied. They intended not
to be satisfied. With these men slavery was not
an end, but a means. By a peculiar process of
reasoning we might ascribe the whisky insurrec-
tion to the rye and corn fields of Pennsylvania.
No grain, no whisky; no whisky, no rebellion.
So we might reason, no slavery, no abolition agi-
tation. But we cannot add, no abolition agitation,
no rebellion; for rebellion was determined upon,
and this pretext wanting, some other would have
been devised. If they had found no other cause for
seceding, they would have found it in the fishery
bounties and the navigation laws. Secession an'd
a disruption of the country was with them a con-
clusion foregone.
It is but justice to our Democratic friends to say
that although these men were inside of that party
and professed to work with them, the party, as
such, ought not to be held responsible for their acts.
We know very well the tyranny which they at-
tempted to exercise over this party by Continually
introducing new party tests which were exceed-
ingly distasteful to all but themselves, and which
they believed the northern Democracy would not
tolerate. They went to the last national convention
at Charleston and Baltimore to effect the disrup-
tion and downfall of the party, as a means of se-
curing the elevation of Mr. Lincoln and the suc-
cess of the Republicans, and thereby realizing the
object for which they had been working for years:
an Administration supported and opposed with
reference to geographical lines rather than political
sentiments. Hence they attempted to enforce such
conditions upon the platform of their party as
would efToct its defeat in the North, and in this
way broke up the convention, not only dividing,
but hopelessly demoralizing, the party. They
meant mischief, and accomplished it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In confirmation
of the remark made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee I desire to state that, as a general rule, those
who sustained Mr. Breckinridge in the last Presi-
dential election declared that they preferred the
election of Abraham Lincoln to that of Stephen
A. Douglas, believing that Abraham Lincoln was
sounder on the slavery question than Stephen A.
Douglas. That was the declaration made by the
United States Treasurer, appointed under Mr.
Buchanan, William C. Price, who was then a can-
didate against me for Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; it was not that
they hated IVTr. Lincoln less, but that they hated
Mr. Douglas more. It will be recollected that Mr.
Benjamin°, now in Davis's cabinet, said substan-
tially the same thing in the Senate, in a speech
made after Mr. Lincoln's nomination and before
the meeting of the con^ntion at Baltimore.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes; they wanted
revolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. Just so. That lies at the
foundation of this movement. That is its origin.
It is idle to seek it either in wrongs suffered or
wrongs apprehended. They were neither. The
object was disunion per se el pro se—disunion for
its own sake. But suppose that slavery were the
cause of this rebellion; suppose it had been brought
about because the slaveholders were led to sup-
pose that Mr. Lincoln and the Republican party
would take measures to abolish slavery, do you
think it would quiet their apprehensions or make
their action anything less determined, to see Con-
gress attempting to do the very thing that their
leaders told them you were going to do; to see you
laboring industriously to give the lie to all your
past professions, to all the assurances made in
your behalf, and to justify all the worstcalumnies
ofyourmostunscrupulousenemies? I could sym- :
pathize with the remarks of the gentleman from j
the Louisville district of Kentucky [Mr. Mai- [
lory] on that point, after having for months, 1
through "my district and in other districts in my !
State, vindicated the Republican paity against the j
charges brought against it for the purpose of ex-
citing the popular odium and stirring up hatred. j
Pass this bill,and I shall be told, when I go home, I
that I was deceiving my people. These rebel lead- j
ers will turn round and say to them, " see what I
we told you; we told you the truth, and these I
Union men deceived you." That will be bind-
ing a heavy load upon our shoulders. It will be
placing the Union men of the South in a position
hardly less unenviable than the one assigned to
us by the gentleman from NewYork, [Mr. Sedg-
wick,] that as we are inside of hostile States, our
property, much or little, may be taken from us by
the Government, and confiscated at will. I shall
bo very much gratified if the speech just made by
that gentleman does not find its way across our
lines, is not published in every secession news-
paper, used to stir up and excite the rebels on the
one hand and to discourage the loyal on the other,
and pointed out as a sample of what the party in
possession of the Government propose to do. I
beg of you, gentlemen, to pause before you strike
a blow which will injure your friends far more
than it will injuie your enemies, even if it does
not do the latter a service. You remember with
whatstaringincredulity you regarded all the warn-
ings of danger given you by southern Union men;
how you looked upon secession, rebellion, war,
national peril, as idle tales, the visions of distem-
pered fancy or the croakings of displaced politi-
cians; whatinextinguishable laughteryou indulged
in at the expense of Union saving and Union savers.
And is it not just possible that we may, more
correctly than you, apprehend the causes of this
whelming movement of which we have so long
been studious? Will you not at least give us a
patient hearing, and hesitate to adopt a policy
against which we with one voice protest, depreca-
ting it as fraught with more of mischief to us than
'to our oppressors? Have we given so few and so
slight assurances of our patriotism that you will
not accord us a candid attention, to say nothing
of a generous confidence? Is it nothing in your
eyes that we have again and again imperiled our
all, even to our lives, by our devotion to the Fed-
eral Government—fiiends, family, honor, leputa-
tion,the toilsome accumulations of years, all that
deserves a good name among things below? And
have not our opportunities to study this enormity
been immensely greater than yours? Weill the
midstof it,you hundreds of milesdistant; we fight-
ing it hand to hand in a life and death encounter,
you so far away as scarcely to hear the echoes of
the distant battle. To find the hidden springs of
events is always ticcounted fortunate because dif-
ficult and rare—;felix qui poluit rerum cognoscere
causas.
Even if you were unmistakably right in your
philosophy, I think we might aid you somewhat
m its practical application; but if we are right,
the neglect of what seems to us so obviously ju-
dicious, may lead to consequences which none
would deplore so sincerely as we, because none
would suffer half so much from them. Believe
me, gentlemen, I am not speaking in the interest
of slavery; I am speaking in the interest of my
country. If I know my own heart, I have but
one thought, but one single object. If 1 can see
reestablished the power and authority of this Gov-
ernment throughout this land, from the rivers to
the sea; if I can leave to my children the same
country under the Constitution, the same liberty
under law, to which I am indebted for all I have
and am, then, and not until then, can I adopt the
sublime formula of Christian resignation—nunc,
Domine, dimittas.
I know it is very hard to persuade gentlemen
who have brought their minds to think that there
is but one-object to be accomplished in this world.
They look at that objcct until it becomes the rod
that swallows up all others. At the close of the last
century there arose a class of philosophers who
sought to accomplish one great object, the rights
of man; not the rights of the black man simply,
but the rights of universal man. Three institutions,
each in their view " the sum of all the villainies,"
stood in their way and must be overthrown—
monarchy, the nobility, and the Christian religion.
"Liberty, equality, and fraternity** were the
words with which they beguiled themselves and
their followers. Never were more honeyed accents
from human lips; never were bloodier deeds by
human hands. They became so intent in pursu-
ing this one idea of human rights, in opposition
to social order and established institutions, that
at length they saw but that one thing worth seek-
ing, and they marched straight forward to it though
the road lay through seas of blood. Burke has,
in a few words, given his estimate of the effect of
that sort of philosophizing upon human charac-
ter. I read the paragraph in no unkind spirit, but
with a thorough conviction of its truth. He says:
Nothing can be conceived more hard than the heart of
a thorough-bred metaphysician. It comes neat er to the cold
malignity of a wicked spint than to the fiailfvand passion
of man. It is like that of the piinciple of evil himself, in-
corporeal, puie; unmixed, dephlegmated, defecated evil. It
iri no easy operation to eradicate humanity Irom the human
breast. What Shakspeare calls ' the compunctious visit-
ing? of nature,' will sometimes knock at the hearts and pro-
test against their muiderous speculations. But they have
a means of compounding theirnature. Their humanity ia
not dissolved. They only give it a long proiogation. They
are ready to declare that they do not think two thousand
years too long a period for the good they pursue. It is re-
markable that they never see any way to their projected
good but by the road of some evil. Their imagination is
not fatigued with the contemplation of human suffering
through the wild waste of centuries of misery and desola-
tion. Their humanity is at their horizon, and, like the hor-
izon, it always flies before them." * * * *
" Those philosopheiscousidermen in their experiments no
mote than they do mice in an air pump, or a recipient of
mephitie gas."
I confess that I am reminded in recurring to this
passage of my boyhood of some remarks that fell
from the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedg-
wick.] He seems entirely to disregard in the
measures which he advocates the prejudices, if
you please to call them so, the unreasonable pre-
judices if you will, of millions of men, although
those measures will at a blow disturb, break up,
and destroy the life-long ideas, the established
habits, the social relations of millions more. That
is nothing. A great good is to be attained, and
no matter how. Everything that stands in the way
mustgo by the board—Constitution, law, individ-
ual right. Strike the blow, regardless whether it
fall on stalwart manhood, or groaning age and
helpless infancy.
But I am consuming more time than I intended.
My purpose was to make an affirmative and not
a negative speech. I stated in the outset that I
thought some additional legislation was necessary
to punish traitors and to protect loyal men. 1
think so.
Allusion has been made to the action of the mili-
tary Governor placed by Federal authority over
the State of Tennessee. I was for a time there,
and I found a condition of things in which it was
safer for a man to be a traitor than to be a loyal
citizen; safer in his person and safer in his prop-
erty. I am not alone in my opinion as to the fact
that stronger measures are required for the punish-
ment of treason. I call the attention of my friend
from the Louisville district of Kentucky to a pas-
