1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
like others who are so tender-footedabout the sup-
posed rights of rebels in arms, was very careful
to vote for its postponement. The gentleman first
postpones a bill declaring freedom to all the slaves
of rebels, theiraidersandabetiora,and then votes to
table a bill confiscating " all the property "of such
rebels, lest their slaves should be deemed " prop-
erty. " It will not do for the gentleman to seek
shelter under the provisions of the act of August
last, touching slaves employed in the military or
naval servics of the rebellion, in view of the record
that he has tnade here yesterday and to-day in this
connection, because the bill that he yesterday voted
to postpone provided for the liberation of all the
slaves of rebels, their aiders and abettors, and if
he had sent these two laws out together they would
have been, in all respects in principle, the same
as the act of last August, for which the gentleman
voted. The difference between the act of August,
for which the gentleman voted, and the two bills
of yesterday and to-day, against both of which
he votes and declaims, was simply this: the act
of August confiscated " all property, of whatso-
ever kind or description," used or employed by
its owner or by his permission in aid of the re-
bellion, and liberated all slaves used or employed
by their owner or by his permission in the mili-
tary or naval scrvice or work of the rebellion.
While the two bills now undefdiscussion provide
thatif theownerof property or the holder of slaves
shall himself engage in armed rebellion against the
United States, or aid and abet such rebellion, his
property shall be confiscated for the purpose of
indemnifying the Government oftln: United States
for the expense of suppressing the rebellion, and
his slaves shall be freemen.
By the act of August we declared the property
confiscated if it should be employed by its owner
in the service of the rebellion, and declared his
slaves liberated if he employed or permitted them
to be employed in the military or naval service of
the rebellion, or in constructing their forts, &c.
One would suppose it would be equally just and
politic to confiscate property and liberate slaves
when the owner becomes in person an armed
rebel against the Government. Strong though the
gentleman be, he is not strong enough to recon-
cile his vote of August with his vote of yesterday
and to-day. I ask him again, why he voted to post-
portethe billhbcratingall the slaves of these rebels,
and declaring them " free men," if he wanted to
prevent the sale of rebels'slaves as property under
the bill of to-day ?
Mr. DCJNN. What bill does the gentleman
refer to?
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill which I reported in
conjunction with this confiscation bill, and which
was postponed till next Tuesday, by the gentle-
man's vote.
Mr. DUNN. For the very reason that that bill
presents the same evidence of ill-considered haste
and hot blood as is apparent in this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. That does not excuse the
gentleman making the distinction which he at-
tempts to make between this bill and the bill of
the 6th of August, for the two bills—that of yes-
terday anil to-day—are the same in principle with
that of August. There is no difference between
them on principle. The gentleman's remark about
the evidence in these bills of " ill-considered haste
and hot blood" applies as well to the bill of Au-
gust, for which he voted,as to these against which
lie votes.
Thegeutleman was unfortunate in his argument
further. He states that this lull piovides to reduce
to desolation and want, old age on its crutches or
dying on its last bed, and defenseless women
and little children. Where was the gentleman's
regard for old age on its crutches and defenseless
womenand little children when yesterday he voted
against the bill to release millions of such held by
armed rebels as slaves, and sold as chattels? Why,
sir, the gentleman drew on his imagination for his
facts,and on his fancy for Ins argument. When
he speaks ot the bill which is fatal to old age on
its crutches, he does not refer to the emancipation
bi 1, against which he voted yesterday, but to the
bill confiscating armed rebels' property, against
which he voted to-day. Old men on crutches do
not engage m armed rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. That is the first
remark that X have to make about this fancy
sketch of the gentleman. Women and little chil-
dren do not engage in armed rebellion, as a gen-
eral thing, against the Government of the United
States.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 do not intend to misrep-
resent my friend.
Mr. DUNN. But you do misrepresent me.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I am filling to yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. DUNN. I want to conduct this matter
very amicably. I will not ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether old men on crutches may not aid in
rebellion; but I will ask him whether old men on
crutches may not be sup ported by young men, their
sons? I ask him whether women do not derive
support from their fathers and husbands; and if
you take property from the men, do you not de-
prive the aged and the dependent of their support ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I intended to give the gen-
tleman the benefit of that view of the relation of
rebels to others who are guiltless of their coun-
try's blood. Entertaining such views, I know
not how the gentleman allows our present laws to
remain unrepealed. Sir, your act of 1790declares
the penalty of death against each one of these
armed rebels upon conviction. The gentleman,
by his speech to-day, assumes if we pass the two
bills under discussion, their provisions will be
executed against all offenders; why not assume
the same of your treason act of 1790 ? Why does
not the gentleman rise m his place and say that
that statute ought to be repealed, because all rebels
in arms against the Governmental subject to the
penalty of death; and as the law is surely to be
executed upon all the guilty, you thereby take the
last stay from old age, the last protection from
defenseless women, the last supportfrom innocent
childien? That the innocent suffer both from the
crimes and just punishmentof the guilty, may be
a misfortune; but it must be submitted to, os no
man can prevent it, nor can legislation cure it.
The death penalty, by the act of 1790, stands on
your statute-book undisturbed by the benevolent
gentleman from Indiana, and its denunciation goes
forth this day against every rebel in arms, and
every man who aids and abets rebellion. I am
prepared to hear a proposition from the gentle-
man to repeal that act, as it reduces, if executed
on these rebels, to desolation and want old age and
defenseless women and innocent children. The
difference between that act of 1790and this is, that
the first dooms to death upon conviction all who
have engaged or shall engage in the rebellion at
any time, past, present, or to come, while this act
only confiscates the property; and the act of yes-
terday only liberates the slaves of those who may
persist in their rebellion afteryou shall have passed
the bills. It appears to me that the gentleman
gave ev idenee of " ill-considered haste and hot
blood" in making his argument. If he were con-
sistent, he ought to relieve old age on crutches and
defenseless women and innocent children, who
would suffer by the death penalty being inflicted
on their only protectors, m accordance with the
act of 1790. Why not demand its repeal at once,
lest the innocent suffer if they be deprived of the
protection and suppoit of aimed rebels?
The gentleman's objection, if valid, makes im-
proper and inhuman any effective legislation for
the suppression of this lebeliion or the punish-
ment of traitors. I give him the credit of saying
that he did not mean that. But the great misfor-
tune of the gentleman's argument is that it proves
too much, and therefore, with all respect to him,
1 beg leave to say, in the language of the logicians,
thai it proves nothing at all. His argument was
that this law was unjust, and inhuman, because
although it only operates directly upon armed reb-
els, their aiders and abettors, the effects and con-
sequences of depriving them oftheir property and
slaves is to reduce to desolation those depend-
ent upon them, little children, defenseless women,
and old age. Sir, that which the gentleman de-
plores as misfortune is incident to all penal enact-
ments. If the gentleman's argument be valid, it
may be interposed to shield from just punishment
the arch-traitor in tins rebellion, the chief archi-
tect in the great ram which this day covers the
Republic with gloom like the shadow* of a dark
eclipse. lie may, perchance, have an aged father
dependent on his active intellect for the comforts
of old age. He may, perchance, have a mother,
dependent on him in like manner. He may, per-
chance, have little innocent children prattling at
! his knee, looking up into his face, and calling him
" father." Would you deprive all these innocent
and unoffending persons of their support by ex-
ecuting the arch-traitor in this rebellion? If the
gentleman's argument be sound, then, of course,
Jefferson Davis ought not to be strangled by the
neck " until he is dead," because, forsooth, those
innocents would suffer in the loss of his protec-
tion and of his support.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman does me injustice
in his aigument. If, under our laws, a man com-
mits murder, he forfeits his life, and all these mis-
fortunes come on his innocent wife and children.
That is true. But we have no law in any State
that I know of which makes the loss of the crim-
inal's property a consequence of his crime, and
turns his wife and children into the world as beg-
gars.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then the gentleman is at
fault in his reading, or rather in his recollection.
I have seen more than once the penalties of the
criminal law of my own State sweep away every
vestige of property belonging to the criminal. The
penal statutes impose on the criminal not only pe-
cuniary penalties oftentimes, but also the costs of
the prosecution. I have seen these costs mount
up to the sum of two or three thousand dollars;
and I have no doubt but the gentleman will find
the same thing true in his own State.
But the gentleman proceeded further. He was
unfortunate, in my judgment, in another position
assumed in his argument, and I ask him to recon-
sider it. He sent to the Clerk's desk and had read
the address of a pastor of a church in Richmond,
in which he states that this army of invaders are
going to pillage their houses and violate their
homes, and thereby attempts to stir up his people
to madness and fury. All the fear, all the appre-
hension was of the "invading army." He said
no thing about confiscation. He said nothing about
a bill to liberate the slaves of rebels. He spake
only of the " invading army." And the gentle-
man 's argument was that we ought to disarm these
misguided brethren " of ours of their prejudice
by refusing the proposed measure for the libera-
tion of the slaves and the confiscation of the prop-
erty of armed rebels. With all due respect, I
submit that was a most lame and impotent con-
clusion of the gentleman. The trouble with this
Richmond pastor of whom he spoke was that an
invading army was going to do the mischief, and
it surprises me that the gentleman does not rise
in his place and move that the invading army be
disbanded, in older that our "misguided breth-
ren " in Richmond may no longer labor under this
teniblc misconception that the army is going to
pillage and violate their homes.
Mr. DUNN rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me, I am not misrepresenting his statement.
Mr. DUNN. I think you are.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 was about to say, and now
say, forthe benefit of the gentleman, that he shrunk
from and did not state the conclusion which logic-
ally results from his premises. I suppose the
gentleman will not say that he did. I think it
logically lesults from the remarks of the Rich-
mond pastor, and what the gentleman has said, if
he be right in his statements, that the invading
army ought to be disbanded, and that the gentle-
man should be the first to move that it be dis-
banded.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me for
a moment? I am sure he does not desire to mis-
represent me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire to misrepre-
sent the gentleman, and will yield to him.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to the gen-
tleman from Ohio yielding the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to yield for personal explanation.
Mr. DUNN. I introduced the extract which
was read from thefast-daysermonofRev.Thomas
V. Moore, of Richmond, to show how he was in-
; flaming the minds, the passions, and the preju-
! dices of the people, and how he was leading them
■ into the rebellion for want of proper information.
It is not because I do not want this invading army
1 to go there. The gentleman knows better than
that. I wish they wue in Richmond to-day. I
wish we had him in our power, and 1 would make
linn the chief offender, lor I believe there is no one
more guilty than Rev.Thomas V. Moore,although
he was formerly my friend.
