1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
notes funded in the bonds of the Government, in
my judgment, under the operation of this section,
certainly not the £25,GC0,CG0 authorized to be de-
posited. I would be willing to allow five percent,
on these notes to all who would fund them in the
stocks of the Government from the date of their
issue up to the time of funding.
Mr. KING. I think this a very bad feature of
the bill. If these notes are to be made a legal
tender, they will be more valuable to the banks
than oven their own specie. They will hold them,
and will be getting five per cent, on them by de-
positing them in the sub-Treasury, and they will
themselves pay out nothing but such notes. All
the funds which they have on hand will be re-
tained, and these notes will draw very near the
same amount of interest as the bonds, and when-
ever they shall be called upon for the redemption
of their bills, they will go and get these notes and
interest, and pay the notes out to the public with-
out paying interest. My object is to express my
own opinion, for I am not disposed to make a
division or disturb the Senate. My opinion is
against this system—against the tender clause;
and to express my opinion, I move to reduce the
rate of interest to one per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You might as well strike
it out.
Mr. KING. I would rather strike it out, but
I make this motion because I have no disposition
to disturb the Senate by calls for divisions, and
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest whether it would
not be better to call for the vote in the Senate
when the bill shall have been reported from the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. I will make my motion now, to
amend the amendment by striking out five, and
inserting one per cent, as the rate of interest to
be allowed.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment of the Committee on Finance
as amended, and declared that it was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSEjNDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays, ["Oh no.5'] Gentlemen are disposed to let
it go now. I shall renew the amendment in the
Senate without asking for a division on it now.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
Sec. 5. And be it farther cnacted, That all duties on im-
pelled goods, the pioceeds of the sale of the public land*,
and the pioeecds of ail piopsrty seized and sold under the
laws of the United States a-^tlie propyl ty of lebels,shall be
set apai r a-- a special lutid, and shall be applied as follows:
Firt-t. To the payment 111 coin of the inteie^t ofthe debt of
the United States. Second. To the puich.t>c or payment
of one pci cent, of the entire debt of the United State®, to
be made within each fiscal year atterthe 1st da\ of July,
1832, «uid to be set apntt a> a sinking fund, the interest of
winch shall boapphed to the piuehase or payment of the
public debt theSeeieraiy of the Treasuiy shall fiomtime
to tnne direct. Third. Tne residue thereof to be paid into
the Tiea&ury of the United States:.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I desire, myself, to move
such an amendment as shall require the duties on
imported goods to be pnid in com. [" Oh, no."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate his amendment?
Mr. FOOT, and others, (to Mr. Doolittle.)
Try it in the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not care where it is
tried, whether here or in the Senate. I am serious
about it. I shall withhold my amendment till the
bill is repented to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out in the sixth line the
words " of fhe debt," which is rather too broad
an expression, and to insert " on the bonds and
notes," so as to read " payment in coin of the in-
terest on the bonds and notes of the United States."
That compares with another portion of the bill.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eleven of the amend-
ment, I move to strike out " and to," and to in-
sert " which is," and to insert the word 44 and"
after the word " fund, "and after the woul "shall"
to insert " in like manner," so as to make it read:
Winch is to bo set apait as a sinking fund, and the in-
terest of winch shall in like niannei bo'applied to the pur-
chase or p lymcnt of the public debt a< the Secietaryot the
Tieasuty shall fiom time to tune duect.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. II ARRIS. I desire to see upon the face of
this bill ample provision mode for the redemption
of the debt created by it. This sectioiv devotes
three funds to that purpose: the duties on im-
ports, the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
and the proceeds of confiscated property. These
may not be sufficient. 1 propose*to add a fourth
clause to this section, in these words:
The faith of the United States is hereby irrevocably
pledged to jaisc from time to time by taxation such amounts
as shall be sufficient, afte.r applying the moneys to bp de-
rived tiom the souiccs mentioned ni thissccunn,to paythe
intcie>t and piovide for the -inking fund as afoiesaid, and
also to redeem the balance of the principal of said debt, if
any may exist, at the expiration of twenty years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection I have to
that is, that it is entirely unnecessary. I have
objected always to all that sort of legislation. It
is merely saying in words what we actually say
in all the bills we pass. "VVe of course pledge the
faith of the Government to redeem our promises,
and I think that it always detracts from such a
bill to say, <£ we mean to do ns we promise, and
wc promise you that we will do what we promise
to do."
Mr. HARRIS. You do not here promise to
raise the money by taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We promise to raise it,
no matter how. It may not be so convenient to
raise it all by taxation, looking forward to a pe-
riod of twenty years. For instance, if we accu-
mulate a debt of $1,500,000,000 it is not presumed
to be probable that at the end of twenty years we
shall be able to pe^y the principal.
Mr. HARRIS. I was only looking to a debt
of $500,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Then if you put such n
provision on this bill, and do not put it on the
other money bills, you make a distinction which
will be unjust, and will discredit your future
efforts. The ciFect of all these things, which are
mere words, which amount to nothing by way of
reality in legislation, is always in my judgment to
weaken every effoit which you mrike, and you
may be burdening yourself with conditions which
you cannot perform. The faith of the Government
is pledged by the passage of the bill. When you
borrow the money, you cannot make the pledge
to pay it any stronger by obligating yourself to
do it in a particular way, and that way may be a
way you would not want to take when the time
comes, for you may find a better one then. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The remaining amend-
ments of the committee in thcsucceeding sections
of the bill are all merely verbal, and I think they
may as well be read over before the vote is taken,
and the question beputonthem together. How-
ever, for fear I may fonret it, I will call attention
to the fourth line of the fifth section, where I think
there is an error. The section reads " that if any
person having the custody of any plate or plates
from which any notes, bonds, coupons, or other
securities in the fifth section of this act mentioned."
It cannot be the fifth section. This section itself
is the fifth section. It must refer to the first sec-
tion. I move to strike out the words, "in the
fifth section," so as to make the penalty apply to
any misuse of the plates of any of the securities
mentioned in the act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The remaining printed
amendments, as I said, are merely verbal; and if
they are to be read, I think it best that the Secre-
tary should read them all over, and then let the
vote be taken on the whole of them. They are
all of the same character.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read them, and the question will be taken on them
all together, if there be no objection.
The amendments were agreed to. They are to
strike out the words within brackets, and insert
those in italics, in the following sections:
See. [4.] 6. A ad be it further enacted, That if any person
or peisons shall ialselv make, toige, counterfeit, oi alter, or
cau^e or proeute to be falsely made, foiled, counterfeited,
or altered, oi shall willingly aid or assist in I.il.-ely making,
foiging, counterfeiting, oi alteung. any note, bond, coupon,
or other security lotted under the uutUout> of this net. oi
heretofore issued undei act< to authorize the ivsue ofTreas-
uiy note:-, or bonds; or thall pa^s, utter, publi.-di, or sell, or
] attempt to pass, utter, publish, or tell, or biing into the
| United States from any fnieign place with intent to pass;,
! utfei, publi>h, or bell [a5* true,] or shall have oi keep in
I po^scr-sion or conceal with intent to utter, publish, or sell
\ [as true,] any such false, forged, counteiteited, or altered
I note, bond, coupon, or other security, with intent to defi and
i any body coi poi ate or politic, or any other person or persons
I whatsoever, every person £0 offending shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and shall, on conviction thereof, be pint--'
ished by fine not exceeding $5,000, and by imprisonment
and confinement to hard labor not exceeding fifteen yean?#
according to the aggravation of the offense.
Sec. [5.] 7. And be it further cnaeterf, That if afry pfersdtt'
having the custody of any plate or plates from which any
[engraved part of any] notes, bonds, coupons, or other se-
curities in the filth section of this act mentioned, or amf
part thereof, shall have been [struck,] printed, or which
shall have been prepared for tlie purpose of (striking the
engraved partot] printing any such notes, bonds, coupons^
or otner securities,or any part theieof,shall use such plate
or plates, or knowingly permit the same to be used for til?
puiposc of [stt iking any engraved part of] printing any
notes, bonds, coupons, or other securities, or any part there-
of, except such as shall be [struck] printed for the use Of
the United States by older oi the proper officer thereof; <jr
if any pore-on shall engrave, or cause or procure to be en-
graved, or shall aid in engraving, any plate or plates in the
likeness or similitude of anyplateor plates designed for the
[sti iking of any engraved pan] printing of any such notes,
bond*, coupons, or other securities, or any part thereof3 pt
shall vend or sell anyouch plate or plates, or shall bring into
the United States from any foreign place any such plate or
plates with any other intent, or ior any purpose, in either
case, than that such plate or plates shall be used (in strik-
ing the engraved parts] for printing of such notes, bonds,
coupons, or other secutuies, or some part or parts thereof,
for the use of the United States, or shall have in his cus-
tody or possession any metallic plate engraved after the
similitude of any plate from which any such notes, bonds,
coupons, or other securities, or any part or parts thereof
shall have been punted, vvitii intent to use such plate or
plates, or cause or suffer the same to be used in foighig or
counterfeiting any such notes, bonds, coupons, or other se-
curities, or any pait or parts thereofissued as aforesaid, or
shall have in his custody or possession any blank note or
notes, bond or bonds, coupon or coupons, or other security
or securities, engraved and printed after the similitude of
any notes, bonds, coupons, or other securities, issued as
atmesaid, with intent to sell or othei wise use the same; or
if any poison shall [stiike,] print, photograph, or in any
other manner execute orcau^e to be [struck,] printed, pho-
tographed, or in any manner executed, or shall aid in [strik-
ing,] pi inting, photographing, or executing any engraving,
photograph, or other print, or impression, in the likeness or
similitude of [the engraved part of] any such notes, bonds,
coupons or other secuiitie , or any part or parts thereof ,
except for the use of the United States, and by order of the
proper officer thereof, or shall vend or sell any such engrav-
ing, photograph, print, or other impression, except to the
United States, or shall bring into the United States from
any foreign place any such engraving, photograph, print, or
other impiession for the purpose of vending or selling the
same, except by the diiection of some proper officer of the
United States, or shall have in his custody or possession
any paper adapted to the making of such notes, bonds, cou-
pon5!, or other securities, and similar to the paper upon
which any such notes, bond*, coupons, or other securities
shall have been issued, with intent to use such paper, or
cause or suffer the same to be used in forging or counter-
feiting any of the notes, bond's, coupons, or other securi-
ties, issued as aforesaid, every such person so offending
shall be deemed «uilty oi a felony, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be punished by fine not*exceeding $5,000, and by
imprisonment and confinement to hard labor not exceed-
ing fifteen yeai s, according to the aggravation of the offense.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the amendments of the
committee are gone through with, I move, in order
to conform the first section to the second amend-
ment adopted, to strike out the words "and
fifty," in lines six and seven; so as to read,
" $100,000,000;" and to strike out the proviso from
lines eleven to eighteen of the first section; so that
this bill will stand for $100,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line forty-two of the
first section, before the word " twenty," I mover
to insert the words " five years and payable;" so
as to read, "redeemable at the pleasure of the
United Statesafter five years, and payable twenty
years from the date thereof."
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment will Un-
doubtedly lead to discussion, and I would rather
not proceed with it to-night; but I desire to dis-
cuss it, if it is pressed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall press it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is a very
important one, and changes the whole character
of the obligation, from a twenty years to a five
years obligation. It is a novel amendment. I be-
lieve all the loans of the United States that are'
now outstanding are payable at the pleasure of the
United States after a certain period. There is no
exception. The Senator now proposes to pay
these after five years, and at the end of twenty
years certainly, fixing twenty years as the dura-
tion at which the Government must pay, and five
years the time at which it may pay. In my judg-
ment, this will destroy, to a considerable extent,
the value of these securities. The value of seeuri-^
ties intended for investment depends as much
upon the duration of the time they run as ufjon
the terms of the obligation. A bond running
twenty years is worth more in the markets of the
world than a bond running five years. Money is
now worth more than six per cent-.; but as soon
