1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
sage from theadmirable paper published in hisdis-
trict; I refer to the Louisville Journal, the chief
editor of which ranks among the ablest political
writers of the country. He uses this language:
The most stringent measures must be adopted to punish
treason, before weesm expect to escape marauding, rob-
bery, or insolent threat* against the Government. When
it is ascertained beyond all doubt that loyal men will be
protected from loss, or compensated if thev suffei from raids,
and when those whofnini>h Motgnn'sgaugot Chump Fer-
guson's cut throats with means 01 information are conscious
that they or their aiders and abettor? will bo severely pun-
ished, we shall have no more of guerrilla bands or ot'warn-
ingsto Union men that their loyalty isdistasteiul to the rebel
leaders."
Mr. MALLORY. I hope my friend fromTen-
nessee will allow me to say that I share in the
feeling expressed by the editor of the Louisville
Journal? 1 am the last man in the world, in view
of the injury these men have inflicted upon my
State, as well as the Slate of Tennessee, to make
an effort to scieen them from just punishment.
But let me inform my friend that the description
of punishment to which that editor refers is the
punishment which the law now provides for in-
flicting upon traitors. The State of Kentucky
has made provision for the arrest of these traitors
and bringing them to trial and punishment in our
courts. And whenever they shall be found guilty,
I am willing to see them hung. This editor, 1 tell
my friend, does not mean the punishment of these
men by the forfeiture of their estates, which, in
many instances, would fall upon the innocent
rather than the guilty.
Mr. MAYNARD. The State of Kentucky has
been fortunate in retaining the State government
in the hands of loyal men, through whom they
have been able to enact suitable laws to meet the
present emergency. In my own State we have not
been thus fortunate; and it is necessary that we
should have some stringentFederal legislation for
our protection. Our people demand it. They want
to be able to punish treason and treasonable prac-
tices.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman allow me
to say further, that in the State of Kentucky we
have a law upon our statute-book which virtually
outlaws all who have gone from the State and taken
up arms against the Federal Government. They
are not permitted to exercise theelective franchise,
they are not permitted to sit on juries, nor can they
hold any office in the State.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. And I will state
that a similar law will probably be soon enacted
in Missouri.
Mr. MAYNARD. The people in these States
feel the necessity to which I allude and provide
for it. We must do the same. I most cordially
agree in the remark I have quoted from the Louis-
ville Journal. It is most vitally essential that we
should have some most stringent measures to pre-
vent guerrilla operations such as have prevailed
both in Kentucky and in my own State; otherwise,
when the armies in the South are broken up, we
are to have a great deal of this small war—petite
guerre, I believe military men call it. Men gath-
ering themselves together in bands of fifty, one
hundred, or five hundred, going about as maraud-
ing parties, plundering, stealing, robbing our citi-
zens. Sir, our people have already suffered very
greatlvby this species of warfare, and some vigor-
ous legislation is necessary. I have, therefore,
entertaining these views, prepared a bill which,
before I conclude, I will offer as an amendment to
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to House hill No. 471.
The first section defines what acts of war com-
•mitted by a citizen of full age shall be punished
as treason with death. Voluntarily enteringinto
the service against the Government, recruiting
soldiers for such service, furnishing them with
materia] of war and supplies, holding any office,
either legislative or executive in its character, un-
der a government in hostility to this. It further
provides thatif such person shall theretofore have
held any office under the Government of the Uni-
ted States, he shall be adjudged in a fine at least
equal to the proved value of ins entire estate.
Let me explain. The extent of the powers of
this Government to seize the property of traitors
is one that we have heard very largely and ably
discussed on the one side and on the other. Itis
precisely a judicial question, to be settled by the
courts. A fine can unquestionably be imposed.
We can provide for that. It remains to determine
how it shall be collected. I propose to leave this
question to the courts, where it will have ulti-
mately to be decided.
By the second section, I propose to punish an-
other class of offenders, not as guilty of treason,
but of misprision of treason. Says Blackstone:
"Misprisions are, in the acceptation of our law, gener-
ally understood to be all such high offenses as are under
the degree of capital, but ncaily bordciing ihureon." *
* * * Misprision^ ate generally divided into two
sorts: negative, which consist in the concealment of some-
thing which ought to be levcalcd; ami positive, winch con-
sist m the commission of something which ought not to be
done.''—4 Blackstone's Commentaries, p. 119.
This definition gives a correct view of the class
of offenses embraced in this section of the bill.
Actions which, though hostile in their character,
might possibly not be esteemed belligerent, though
treasonable, perhaps do not amount to treason.
Even if, by a latitudinous construction of the
phrase " levying war,"used in the Constitution,
they might be condemned as treason, it would con-
found our ideas of comparativecriminality to pun-
ish them as such. Ofthis sort are the concealment
of hostile persons, so as to enable them to elude
pursuit, and the suppression of knowledge of their
movements and plans on the one hand,"and com-
municating to them intelligence of our movements
and plans, for a like purpose, on the other.
My friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] the
other day, in his very able argument against these
bills, took the position, if I understood him, that
no act which,under his reading of the Constitution,
amounts to treason can be proceeded against as
an offense of a lower degree. It must be declared
treason, and tried and punished as such.
Mr. MALLORY. You did not understand me
correctly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am glad that I did not
understand him correctly, fori regretted to think
him assuming a position so untenable—the same
which has been taken by otheis. Now, sir, I
understand that when the Constitution piovidcs
that treason against the United States shall con-
sist only in levying war against thtfm, it fixes a
point beyond which wc cannot go in defining trea-
son and affixing punishment; but we may stop as
much short of that point as we choose. Nothing
but levying war can be declared treason; yet we
are not obliged to declare and punish as treason
every actof war. I ask theattention of the House
to a passage or two fiom the decision of Chief
Justice Marshall, in a case which has been more
than once cited in the discussion of another ques-
tion (Ex parte Bollman & Swartwout, 4 Cranch,
75.) He says:
u However flagitious may be the eifme of conspiring to
subvett by force the Government of our country, such con-
spiracy is not treason. To eonspiie to levy war and actu-
ally to levy war aio distinct oflenses. The first must be
biought into open action by the assemblage of men for a
pm pose tiea*onable in itself, or the fact of levying war can-
not have been commuted.'' * *" * * *
u Crime-; so atiocmus as thoso which have fur then object
the subversion by violence of those laws and tlio^e institu-
tions which have been oi daiued m oidei to secure the peace
and happiness of society, aie not to escape punishment be-
cause they have not ripened into treason. The wisdom of
the legislature is competent to piovide for the case."
u It is therefore moi e cafe ns well a^; more consonant to
the principles of our Constitution that the cnme of tiea^on
should not be extended by construction to doubtful cases ;
and that dimes not clearly within the constitutional defin-
ition, should icceive such punishment as the legislature in
its wisdom may piovide."
For those reasons, and moved by considerations
of that sort, I have provided for a certain class
of offenses, that, whether they may or may not
amount to treason, shall be deemed misprisions of
treason, and shall be punished by imprisonment
not less than five years, and by a fine not exceed-
ing the estate of the guilty party.
I call the attention of the House to another an#d
further provision which,or something tantamount
to it, the condition of our country eminently re-
quiies should pass into law. It punishes as high
misdemeanors acts like these: putting into circu-
lation, for seditious purposes, false intelligence
touching military operations, popularly known as
working the "grape-vine telegraph;" preventing
loyal citizens discharging their civil duties to the
Government; refusing to take the oath of allegiance
when lawfully required, and as required; urging
citizens to burn their property and their means of
transportation, in order to embarrass and retard
the progress of our troops; insulting our flag; in-
sultingour soldiers by spittingon them, by reviling
them, and by various other offensive manifesta-
tions, which, by their discipline, they are not per-
mitted to resent. Such treasonable practices I
would punish as offenses against the law, and va-
rious otheracts, which gentlemen can see by look-
ing at the printed bill. I want secessionists to
know that there is a law punishing their vile tribe,
and protecting the loyal from their insolence. Any
one who has lived in secessiondom,and witnessed
the condition of things there, fully understands the
evils to which I allude.
By another section, I provide that those offenses
shall be presented by grand juries, and punished
only after trial and conviction, in either the circuit
or*ihe district courts.
I know that many suppose such an enactment
would be a dead letter upon the statute-book, be-
cause we could never get any one convicted under
it. I assure gentlemen that they are mistaken in
that. Wherever the Government has reasserted
its power—and it is only there that any law can
be effective—wo find no indisposition among loyal
men to seek the protection of law. I shall be glad
if the popular indignation do not administer jus-
tice with indiscriminate rigor. As to the effect of
such a proceeding against their person by trial and
con viction,and against their property by proceed-
ings in rem, there can be no comparison. A sin-
gle verdict of a jury will have more moral effect
than the gaining of a battle. It will prove that the
Government has triumphed, that order has been
restored, that law reigns supreme, and that the
rebellion has been put down now and forever.
I have another provision of some importance,
to which 1 call the attention of the House. It is
this: that before any Federal officer, civil, mili-
tary, or naval, shall enter upon the duties of his
ofTicc, or shall receive any of its emoluments, he
shall take an oath, according to a prescribed form-
ula, to the cffcct that ho has not been actively con-
cerned in rebellion; and if it shall be proved after-
wards that he has sworn falsely, that he shall bo
punished for perjury, removed from office, and
declared ineligible for any office of honor, profit,
or trust under the Federal Government.
I provide further, that those who institute suits
in the Federal courts or act as attorneys or jurors,
those who receive-passports to travel, those who
receive ourGovernment shall be required to take
the oath of allegiance to it. Provide for placing
the offices, honors, and emoluments of the Gov-
ernment within the roach exclusively of loyal men,
and for prosecuting and punishing the disloyal,
and it will have a better effect in putting down this
rebellion than acts of confiscation and proclama-
tions of freedom. It pervades all classes of so-
ciety, and is felt by all alike. Confiscation and
emancipation edicts are necessarily directed at the
affluent few, and generally the leastculpable; for
they who have been most active and« pestilent in
fomenting this strife have been precisely those who
have no property to confiscate and no slaves to set
free.
In this connection, I invite the attention of the
House to a projet of a law sent me by a gentleman
from Kentucky, who, though a stranger to me, I
learn is a man of fair character and well instructed
in the law. I will not take time to read it, but will
append it to my remarks. (Appendix.) Suffice it
for the present that under the constitutional pro-
vision that " the members of the several State Le-
gislatures, and all executive and judicial officers
of the several States shall be bound by oath or
affirmation to support the Constitution," this plan
proposes to remove fiom office every incumbent
who shall act or speak, or aid, abet, and assist any
rebellion or conspiracy against the Government.
In other words, it contemplates a purgation of the
State officers from disloyalty. How important
and necessary this is, many of us, unhappily, too
well understand. Blows in this direction will be
felt. They will tell. And I invite all gentlemen
who desire to vindicate our national honor, to re-
store our authority, and to preserve the integrity
of our country under the Government given us
by our fatheis, more than to court the favor of
traitors or to cultivate Utopian schemes of phi-
lanthropy, to address themselves to this character
of legislation. The criminal laws now on our stat-
