1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2755=
it would have been better for Missouri, to leave
it at the one hundred and second, thereby giving
us a greater length of road to make the divergence,
either north or south, that might be requisite, in
oider to unite with the main branch; but the com-
mittee thought otherwise. I think they erred in
that respect; but I«m willing, in order to secure
and accomplish the great end proposed, to take it
as it is and to vote for it rather than lose the bill.
J regret another thing, and Senators will see the
reason, when they come to think of it for one mo-
ment. You require this road to be commenced not
only further east, but you compel it to go between
two certain points, the waters of the Republican
river and the waters of the Platte. Why not give
the right to go up the Solomon river if it should be
ascertained by an actual survey, as I undertake to
say it lias been ascertained, to be the best route?
Suppose it should be ascertained that the Smoky
Hill river would be the best route. Why not
give us the privilege to go up that? If it should
be ascertained that the South Pass is the best
route, I say again let us bmld it there. I have
no objection; and I have no personal interest, nor
do I think the people of my Stale desire to inter-
pose any peculiar and local interests of their own
in the way of the construction of this great road.
I desire very much to see it constructed. No lo-
cal interests of Missouri have interfered with this
thing at all. Local interests from some other
quarters have interfered; and whether designed or
not, I do not know. Every amendment that has
been made to the bill since it came from the
House of Representatives, I undertake to say, is
in the face of the local interests of Missouri, and
it may turn out to be in the face of the local in-
terests of Iowa and the whole country.
Suppose it be ascertained that the best way is
by Denver City; and there is everything to induce
it. There is a large growing population around
Denver City, and Colorado is becoming one of the
most important of the Territories belonging to the
United States, with a tlniviug population, giving
us trade and commerce and wealth almost equal,
in the way of gold, to that which astonished the
world, a few years ago, in California. It may be
desirable, and I think it is desirable, lo go by the
way of Denver City. If that be the fact, ought not
Iowa to have the privilege of uniting her roads
further west than the ninety-ninth meridian of
west longitude ? I undertake to say it will com-
pel Iowa to come too suddenly to the point in
order to get to Denver City.
Mr. CLARK. It is directly in the line.
Mr. HENDERSON. From Sioux City to go
down to Fort Kearny?
Mr. CLAIIK. From Omaha.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am looking to all the
routes. Ought not Iowa to be willing to consent
that this route should not ba confined between the
waters of the Republican and the Platte, and leave
the divergence of the road to go as far south from
Iowa as the divergence north from Missouri'
Would not that be fair? Would not that be right ?
The Senator from New Hampshire will see by
looking at his map for one moment, that to com-
pel a union from Kansas City and St. Joseph at
Fort Kearn v and then afterwards to come back to
Denver City, would make a ruinous road.
Mr. CLARK. If tiie Senator will allow me, j
will say to him that the road from Kansas City
would not be compelled to go further north than
the road from Sioux City would be compelled to
go south, if you went through Denver City.
Mr. HENDERSON. The road from Sioux
City, if permuted to unite at the one hundred and
second meiidian of longitude west, will be almost
a direct line.
Mr. CLARK. No; the other would not. We
cannot have the same point to accommodate them
all.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is my pointof com-
plaint. The Senate committee undertake to come
further east, and then, unfortunately for us, fix a
point between the waters of the two rivers, and
entirely north of our roads, provided the route
should go by Denver City, as I believe it will go,
and which has long since been proved to be a
■racticable route. It we are compelled to go there,
say it will be a deep injury to us. If, on the
other hand, the Iowa and Missouri roads be per-
mitted to 11)1 ite at the one hundred and second
meridian of west longitude, it will not be injurious
either to Iowa or Missouri.
r
I sincerely hope this amendment will not be
adopted. In my vie w the Senate committee acted
unwisely in tolerating the amendment, and com-
pelling us to go so far east in this matter; but they
did worse even than that, when they compelled
this road to start between the waters of two rivers.
Here is a great national thoroughfare, to which
the Treasury of the United States is to be open to
the tunc of millions of money, and the public lands
are to be lavished upon these companies, and the
Senate of the United States are gravely fixing a
point at which it shall start. There is not a dis-
tance of more than seventy-five miles at the out-
side, I believe not exceeding fifty miles, between
the waters of the Platte and of the Republican
rivers. The Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,]
who knows more about the geography of that
country than myself, says it is thirteen miles at
one point. Then here is a pointof thirteen miles
within which this road is bound to run. I say it
is extremely unwise. Why not leave it to those
men whose peculiar duty it is to ascertain the
route upon which great thoroughfares of this
character shall run ? Why not leave it to the pub-
lic surveys? Why not leave it to the companies
themselves? If you want to fix anything, fix
certain degrees of latitude, and give them a little
freedom of action in order to select the best route.
Do not confine it within a distance of thirteen
miles, or a distance of fifty miles, or even a dis-
tance of a hundred miles. Let them ascertain the
best route; and if the Government desires to do
anything, let it confine them within certain paral-
lels, not less than two or three.
Now, sir, one word in regard to the practica-
bility of the road. I think the road is perfectly
practicable by way of Denver City. It is practi-
cable by the South Pass. Infact,thedifficultieswe
have heard spoken of in regard to building a rail-
road to California are not any greater than the dif-
ficulties presented by the Alleghany mountains in
this portion of the country, and notas great. We
imagine gieat difficulties piesenting themselves
when we do not daily see those difficulties. The
timewaswhen the wildest visionary did notdream
thatarailroad could be constructed from Baltimore
to Wheeling, over the route upon which it has been
constructed; and, m fact, I have no doubt the day
was when no man would have been wild enough
to present the fact that a road could be built from
Harnsburg to Pittsburg through the mountains
which it traverses; but, sir, the work has been ac-
complished. In my view, there is not a parallel of
latitude between the thirty-sixth and forty-fourth
degrees over which a railroad cannot be built from
the Alis^omi river to the Pacific ocean. The dif-
ficulties are not so great as we generally imagine.
I feel satisfied of that, and the various surveys
have demonstrated it. I think there is no diffi-
culty about building it upon the thirty-fifth de-
gree; no difficulty in building it on the thirty-
eighth; no difficulty in building it on the forty-first
or the forty-second.
Now, sir, I say we are confined in sufficiently
narrow limits, and we ought not to be compelled
to take Fort Kearny, or even near Foit Kearny,
as a point of departure for this great work. I have
said enough, I think, to demonstrate that this
amendment ought not to be adopted. I pledge
Senators that 1 shall not offer any factious oppo-
sition to the measure, no matter what they may
adopt; but I have said thus much to show that
Missouri has not been throwing obstacles in the
way of the passage of the bill, and as a reason why
this amendment would be very injurious to her in-
terests, inasmuch as local interests have been pre-
sented.
Mr. LATHAM. I believe we have now heard
all the interests at stake, and I hope the Senate will
commence to start the road at some place or other.
Mr. MORRILL. I think it neet-ssary to say a
word in reply to the position of the Senator from
Missouri. Ills complaint is that this amendment
fixes a point of departure—that I understand to
be the burden of the complaint—and he advocates
the bill as reported by the committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I mean as repoited to the Sen-
ate originally by the committee, not as amended.
Mr."HENDERSON. Not at all. I complain
of the action of the Senate committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I understood the Senator to
be in favor of the one hundred and second merid-
ian, as the bill was originally reported.
Mr. HENDERSON. I.infinitely prefer that.
Mr. MORRILL. So I understood. Now, does
the honorable Senator know-he hangs on the same
horn that he objdfcts to ? Does not that fix a defi-
nite point?
Mr. HENDERSON. Not north or south. I
understand this road is to runeastand west. What
I am complaining of is fixing a point north and
south. The amendment adopted by the Senate
committee says this j-oad shall be commenced be-
tween the Republican river and the Platte; and
that is what I object to. I do not object to a point
being fixed east and west at which this road shall
commence. I never did object to that; but I ob-
ject to fixing it north and south, and saying it shall
not commence either north or south of a given
point.
Mr. MORRILL. And that sufficiently demon-
strates what we have all been arguing: the diffi-
culty lying at the bottom of all this matter is of
a local character. In logic and law, one would
think there was no difference between a point,
whether it was fixed with reference to the north
or to the south. My honorable friend does not
object to a point, provided it has reference to the
west; but if it has reference to north or south, it
is objectionable. As I have been able to gather
this matter, it all lies in this single idea: in get-
ting across Kansas. Kansas has some relation,
and what is connected with Kansas below has
some relation, or is supposed to have, with Den-
ver City, and to that region of country. The only
difficulty I have encountered anywhere in fixing
the point, is that all that interest seemed to be
zealous in reaching the point west at Denver. I
have no objection to going to Denver, supposing
that were practicable; but I do object to tying up
the road so as to compel it to go to Denver. The
bill as reported did tie up this route to the Denver
City route.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Senator
from Maine what provision there was in the bill
that compelled it to go by that route?
Mr. MORRILL. I will explain to the honor-
able Senator. In the first place, it fixed the point
at the one hundred and second meridian of west
longitude. That settled it. It is fixed there ab-
solutely, and then it fixes the pointof connection
with the termination of the Leavenworth, Potta-
watomie, and Western railroad, and that, of
course, is at the extreme western boundary of
Kansas. There is no other point of connection
practicable under that provision of the bill as it was
reported. That is all I mean to say in regard to
that, and that is a perfect answer to the argument
of the honorable Senator.
What this amendment now proposes is to fix
another point which does not render the route he
proposes impracticable; that is, it does not tie up
the location; so that if upon a survey it is found
practicable to adopt the Denver City route, it can
be adopted. I do not understand that it renders
it impracticable to take that direction, because it
you foliuw up the Republican river as near Den-
ver City as shall be found practicable upon an
actual survey, you may then depart down that river
and strike that supposed valley through Denver
City; but it leaves you also the option to go the
other way; and that is the preference; and thatis
the reason 1 am in favor of fixing it at some point
near Fort Kearny.
The Senator makes one remark which I do not
understand to be well founded in fact,>or at any
rate I have not been able to find the information
on that subject. When he declares that the Den-
ver City route is the most practicable and direct,
I am at a loss to know upon what facts, or upon
what history, or upon what surveys open to the
public that judgment is founded. Surely there is
no Government survey indicating any such tiling.
All the explorations of the Government, and all
the knowledge we have on the subject under the
explorations of the Government, go to the other
route. I object, under the influence of any local
interests or of any oilier circumstances whatever,
to debarring this company from fixing on such a
point as will open to us this great southern pass
which has been explored, which has been sur-
veyed, and which we have laid down upon the
maps of the Governmentbefore us as practicable.
I insist that there shall be no provision in this bill
that shall not leave that route open to us.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine if this White river country, or
