2*5#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
the point of country near Denver City, was not
surveyed -by Captain Fremont in 1845, and re-
ported by him to be a practicable route west of
Denver?' We all know there is«*no difficulty east
of Denver. There is a good wagon road from
ttie StAtes to Denver City; it is being traveled
every-day, arid there is not a particle more diffi-
culty in getting to Denver City than there is to
Fort Laramie. If the route from there to Salt
take City has been explored, and found to be a
good route, I suppose any road that may be bnilt
will have to go by way of Salt Lake City, and m y
point is gained. { understand that General Fie-
mont always held that the route along the thirty-
eighth and thirty-ninth parallels was a good route;
at least he so reported in his surveys. It is near
the route that was claimed by Colonel Benton as
being the best route to the Pacific, and if Senators
will cast their eyes upon the map that lies before
them, they will find no difficulty in seeing that it
will save hundreds and hundreds of miles in build-
ing the road to the Pacific ocean. If it is a practi-
cable route, or if it is as practicable as other routes,
it ought to be adopted, for it is much shorter.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, sir, it will be open
under this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa adopt the modification proposed by
the Senator from Maine ?
Mr. HARLAN. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment,
as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to strike out
in lines fifty-one and fifty-two of the first section,
the words " such points on the one hundred and
second meridian of longitude west from Green-
wich," and to insert " a point at or as near Fort
Kearny as shall be found practicable upon actual
surveys."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collainer, Doolittle,
Fossenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howe,
King, bane of Indiana, Morrill, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wil-
son of Massachusetts, and Wright—it*.
NAYS—Messrs. Biovvning, (Jarlilc, Davis, Dixon, Hen-
derson, Howard, Kennedy, Lane ol'Kansas, Latham, Mc-
Dougall, Nesimth, Pomerov, Powell, Rice, Saubbury,
Sherman, Stark,Trumbull, Willey, Wilraot, and Wilson of
Missouri—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
f The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment reported from
the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is to strike out
" two," I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in line nfty-
one to add the letters " th" to the word " hun-
dred," and strike out the words " and second;"
so that it will read:
From such points of the one hundredth meridian of lon-
gitude west <>r Greenwich, to the western boundary of Ne-
vada Territory, &e.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot agree to that
amendment, and i should like to have the yeas
and nays upon it. It involves the question of
going into the States.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to say a sin-
gle word of explanation. I desire to vote for an
amendment which will fix the point of divergence
as far east as possible, but I do not wish to fix the
latitude north or south. I do not wish to fix it at
Fort Kearny or any other place; bat simply to fix
the point of divergence as far east as possiblo. I
should like to have it read as it stands.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This does not relate to
the location. It leaves it open so far as this mat-
ter is concerned.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. Then I do not care. I should
like to have it read at any rate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the amendment was
stated by the gentleman discussing it, I under-
stood the point was to be between the Republican
river and the Platte river. Is that so ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is a subsequent
amendment; wo will come to it by and by
Mr, DOOLITTLE. It makes a very import-
ant question with me. I want them to stand
together.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will find it in the
eighth section of the bill.
Mr; DOOLITTLE. As I understand it, the
Republican river is north of the State of Kansas;
and if we fix it on the one hundredth parallel,
between the Republican and Platte rivers, it would
be north of the State of Kansas, in the Territory
of Nebraska.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to insert, after the
wool " such,"in the fifty-first line, the word "a,"
ana to strike out the letter " s" in the word
" points;" so as to make it grammatical. It will
then read, " from such a point on the one hun-
dredth meridian," &c.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand the
bill as the Senator from Wisconsin does; that a
point between the Republican river and thePlatte
river would necessarily be outside of Kansas. If
he will look at the subsequentarriendment which
it is proposed to make, it provides that the road
is to commence at a point not further west than
the one hundredth meridian of longitude; but you
may go as far east as you please, and you may go
far enough east to go into the State of Kansas.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will allow
me to say one word, there is a little discrepancy
between the two provisions. It is not intended
to use the term " any further east," because in
the amendment made in this section it is fixed
positively on the one hundredth meridian. That
will be corrected as we go along.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the bill now stands, by
adopting this amendment we shall authorize a
company chartered by us to enter the State of
Kansas to build a railroad. I cannot vote for such
a provision.
Mr. CLARK. I will move to amend the amend-
ment to make that certain, by inserting after the
word " Greenwich," in the fifty-second line, the
words, " between the south margin of the valley
of the Republican river and the north margin of
the Platte river, in the Territory of Nebraska."
I simply desire to say thatthis is the same amend-
ment recommended by the committee in the eighth
section of the bill, excepting the additional words,
" in the Territory of Nebraska;" and I move it
here to make it certain, and satisfy some persons
in regard to it, so that we shall commence outside
of a State.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. Now, I hope the Senator from
Illinois will withdraw the call for the yeas and nays
by general consent, as his object is attained by
this amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no desire to have
the yeas and nays on the amendment now, as it
has been am nded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the call for the yeas and nays will be re-
garded as withdrawn. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment fixes the
point definitely, as I understand it, at the one hun-
dredth meridian.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir; on the one hundredth
meridian.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line sixty-two of the first scciion, after the word
"named " to insert the words "together with
those to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior;" so that the clause will read:
The persons hereinbefore nnmed, together with those to
be appointed by the fcSeeiotary of the Interior, aie hereby
constituted and appointed commissioners, &c.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the chairman
of the committee if he does not intend to insert
the " President" instead of the " Secretary of the
Interior."
Mr. McDOUGALL. No,sir. Thesearecom-
missioners merely; they are not the permanent
directors. The permanent directors are to be ap-
pointed by the President.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line sixty-eight
of the first section, to strike out the words " and
eleven," and to insert the words " and telegraph
company, and twenty-five;" so that the clause
will read:
And such body shall be called the " Board of Commis-
sioners of the Union Pacific Railioad and Telegraph Com-
pany," and twenty-five shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business.
The amendment was
to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-six
of the first section, to strike out " thirty," and
insert " forty;" so that the clause will read:
The first meeting of said board shall be liekl at Chicago
at such time as the commissioners from Illinois herein
named shall appoint, &c., notice of which shall be given
by them to the otiier commissioners by depositing a call
thereof in the post office at Chicago, post paid, to their
address, at least foity days before said meeting.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in the sev-
enty-sixth line of the first section, after the word
" meeting" the words, " and also by publishing
said notice in one daily newspaper in each of the
cities of Chicago and St. Louis."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and seven of the first section of the bill, after the
word " possession" to insert the words, "and
thereupon the duties of said commissioners and
the officers previously appointed by them shall
cease and determine forever."
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding after the word " forever" the fol-
lowing words: " and henceforth the stockholders
shall constitute said body politic and corporate."
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is no objection to
that amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that "hence-
forth" refers to the time when we pass the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; not necessarily.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think we had better say
" thereafter." We all agree that that will express
the idea-
Mr. HOWARD. I will modify it by inserting
the word " thereafter" instead of " henceforth."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and sixteen of the first section, after the word
" the," to insert the words " President of the Uni-
ted States and Secretary of the Interior;" so that
the clause will read:
Any vacancy happening in the Government directors at
any time may be filled by the President of the United States
and Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The words " and Sec-
retary of the Interior" were left in by mistake of
the printers, I suppose. They should be stricken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If no objection be made, the amend-
ment will be so modified. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment as modified, leaving
out the words " and Secretary of the Interior."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and thirty-six of the first section, after the word
" road," to insert the words " and telegraph."
The amendment w,as agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and forty-two of the same section, after the word
" elected," to insert the words " and qualified."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen of
section two, to chauge the word " rapid" to " rap-
idly."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six of section
three, after the word "of," to insert the word
" public;" so that it will read, " every alternate
section of public land."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of sec-
tion three, to strike out the word " wherever."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of sec-
tion three, after the word " thereof" to strike out
the words, " the United States have full title, free
from preemption or other claims or rights," and
to insert in lieu thereof:
And within the limits of ten miles on each side of said
road, not sold, reseived, or otherwise disposed of by the
United States, and to which a piecmptiau or homestead
claim may not have attached.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen of sec-
tion three, to strike out the word " section," and
to insert the word " act," so that the clause will
read:
Provided, That all mineral lands shall be exempted from
the operation of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
