774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
as this war is over, the bonds of the United States
w.iil probably be worth par. A man now is not
likely to purchase a bond running five years when
he can do better with his money. The value of
money is now greater than that, and no one would
now have any object in buying a bond that runs
for only five years. The object of funding notes
into bonds would be to get a long-time security.
There is at least a difference of eleven per cent,
between a bond running live years and a bond run-
ning twenty years, and that my friend the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance well knew—
that is to say, a seven per cent, bond at five years
is not as good in the money market of the world
as a six per cent, bond running twenty years.
That is shown by the quotations of your bonds.
If you make these six per cent, bonds running but
five years, they will not be worth in the money
markets of the world now, anything like as much
as they would be if they ran twenty years.
What object does the Government of the Uni-
ted States now gain by issuing a five years bond ?
We know that in five years we cannot pay these
bonds. We cannot pay the principal of this debt
in five years. If wo pay it in twenty years, it
will be as much as we can do. Wo impair the
immediate value of these bonds by changing the
time. If we issue a five years bond, it is not
worth, as I said before, by ten per cent, as much
as a twenty years bond. The House of Repre-
sentatives in their bill proposed to issue either a
five.years bond or a twenty years bond, at the op-
tion of the creditor; the five years bond was to be
payable with seven per cent., and the twenty
yeai'S bond with six per cent, interest, and they
were about equivalent; they were about of equal
value. I do not know what object the Senator
from Maine has, except that at the end*of five
years, undoubtedly, it would be an important ad-
vantage for tke United States to be able to redeem
these bonds; because at the end of five years, I
have no doubt, bonds of the United States yet to
run fifteen years will be worth a premium. It is
the object, probably, of the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee to save that premium; but in
saving that premium, ho loses a great deal now;
he cannot sell the bond for so much now; and
therefore it seems to me his amendment ought not
to be adopted.
There is another reason. In my judgment, wo
ought to have but one kind of securities; and I
know that is the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury. We ought to have but one kind of
securities, like the consolidated debt of England,
which is a three per cent, security. It is true,
they have some other classes of securities; but
the great body of the debt of England is the three
fer cent, consolidated debt, consols it is called.
t is better for this Government to have but one
kind of security; but one bond lunning twenty
years, if you choose, or thirty years, or any time
you name; but it is better to have but one class
of our securities in the markets of the world; and
therefore it is, guided by this aiguinent, that we
struck out of this bill the provision of a seven
percent, bond on the ground that itwasunad-
visable and improper to have more than one class
ofbonds.
It seems to me, if the amendment of the Senator
from Maine is adopted, it will injure very much
the value of these notes, and will prevent their
conversion into bonds; and certainly, if he will
look at it, lie will see that if he retains in this bill
the five per cent, security payable on demand, no
sensible broker will conveit his money into the
bonds of the United States. If you give an intel-
ligent, shrewd banker, who knows the value of
money, the choice between a five per cent, secu-
rity, payable on demand, and a six per cent, bond
of the United States, running only five years, he
will choose always the five per cent, security, be-
cause he can at any time go and get his money
by surrendering the security, and use that money.
The only object that a banker or a capitalist, a
person dealing in money, would have in convert-
ing these notes into the long bonds, would be that
every sensible man knows very well that after the
war is over these bonds will appreciate, and that
he would have the benefit of that appreciation.
That would induce him to buy the long bonds,
and might induce him to convert all his spare cap-
ital into these long bonds. But if you adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, you at
once take away that inducement. You take
away all object for him to convert his money
into bonds.
I have thus stated—I know, imperfectly—the
objection to this,system. We know very well that
we cannot redeem the debt of the United States in
five years; and therefore it is idle to issue a class
of bonds of this kind. If we do it in twenty years,
it is all we can expect; and we ought to give the
holder of these bonds whatever benefit there is,
whatever addition there is to the value of the bonds,
on account of the length of time for which they run.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think the mistake that
was made by the Senator in his opposition to this
and to the other amendment, and by other Sen-
ators, is in supposing that people are to be very
anxious to convcrt these notes into bonds. Why,
sir, the great principle upon which the House acted
was that there would be no such anxiety; and as
it is a doubtful question whether or not the legal
tender clause will be retained, I have been very
anxious to provide all the inducements possible
for people to take the notes. The section which
was struck out by the Senate was, in my judg-
ment, a very important inducement to that end. I
do not think it of very great consequence, although
the banks will not bo so friendly without it. I have
spoken of the position we should assume in regard
to them, in case the legal tender clause should be
retained by the Senate; but if it should be struck
out, I think the clause that has been struck out
on motion of the Senator from Ohio, important,
and our bill will be essentially weakened, and I
should lose very much of my confidence in its force
if that motion should be sustained when we come
to take the vote in the Senate. 1 only say this be-
cause the Senator has alluded to it.
Now. with reference to this particular amend-
ment, the Senator has spoken of the views of the
Secretary of the Treasury. I move it at his par-
ticular request,and 1 have on mybill,in his hand-
writing, the alteration proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I meant that he was in
favor of having all our bonds made of the same
kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is, as a general prin-
ciple, undoubtedly in favor of that; but with ref-
erence to this particular amendment he is very
decidedly of opinion that it ought to be made. I
was of the same opinion myself. I was overruled
by the committee, and I now renew the proposition
here. It will be seen that if we are to run in debt
§1,500,000,01)0, it has been demonstrated that, con-
sidering our capacity to pay, the valuation of our
pioperty and the dine rent amount of interest paid
by us from that paid in Great Britain, our debt
will be substantially equal to the debt of Great
Britain at the present time. We undoubtedly shall
gain very rapidly, and we may lessen the debt,
and probably should; but that wilt be the effect
with regard to our condition at that period. Hence
it becomes us to avoid, just as far as we possibly
can, saddling ourselves irrevocably, without any
power whatever to lift the burden or to make it
less, with this very heavy interest to last for along
period of years. We can stand, the country can
stand, and ought to stand—the necessity is ob-
vious—for short periods a heavier rate of interest;
but when we come to accumulate so large a debt,
and put it forward to a period of twenty years, it
becomes a very serious consideration when you
think h'ow fast interest accumulates upon interest.
We all know that if this war should end in ^Jie
course of one or two years, if we retain the Gov-
ernment—and I supposenoonedoubts that—these
bonds would rise very rapidly in the market and
go far above par, and how far soever they might
be, it would be outofour power to lessen the bur-
den ; but if they do rise what is the consequence r
At the end of five years, although we may not
have the money, if money is to be bonowed at a
much less rate of interest, we can then borrow the
money and pay off the bonds.
The argument of the Senator from Ohio un-
doubtedly is entitled to much weight. He says
that it will lessen the value of the bonds in the
market. In an ordinary time it would. If we
were at peace and borrowing money, this provis-
ion would make them less valuable; but at the
present time the error is in considering that peo-
ple are anxious to take these bonds. They are
not anxious for them, and they are not anxious
to take them on long time; they prefer the short
time, as a general rule, and the shorter the time is
the more likely they will be to prefer them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow mo
to ask him then, why it is that A'lr. Chose was
not able to sellhis seven and three tenths bondsat
par,and yetwas abletosellhissix percent.bonds,
rendering them equivalent to seven per cent bonds,
at'par.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The original $100,000,000
of seven and three tenths bonds were taken at par.
Mr, SHERMAN. But they could not now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Neither could he sell his
seven per cent, bonds at par now. They are far
below par. They both stand at the same rate.
The difficulty he meets with is the accumulation
of themfin the market, and you know that when
you accumulate more than the market needs, more
than can be used, the result is a fall. That is the
occasion of the difficulty. My judgment is, that
we ought not in advance to saddle ourselves so
that we cannot get rid of it, with this heavy in-
terest on these very large sums of money. I have
no fear that it will affect the taking of the paper
at all, and I think the precaution is a very wise
one.
1 would say further, that with reference to all
these matters of detail merely, 1 am very much
more inclined to trust the judgment of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury than my own. It is a mat-
ter that he hasstudied. His position has obliged
him to study the state of the market. He is in*
possession of vastly more information than we
are. Where there is a mere matter of detail not
affecting a vital principle, I am disposed in all ,
cases, unless I see very clearly indeed,to submit
my judgment to his with reference to these ques-
tions, and it was for that reason that I moved the
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Iam in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine for the reason
that I believe we need not borrow money at long
dates upon a high rate of interest. Still, I object
to the Senator's hypothesis that this war may last
one or two years. There has not been a day since
the 1st day of November when we could not have
closed the war in sixty days with our forccs then
in the Held, and from this day forth wo can close
the war m sixty days by an advance of our ar-
mies; and 1 believe that the time has now arrived
when we will advance our armies, and when the
war will be brought to a close within sixty days
from this date. I am therefore in favor of re-
stricting the bonds, and giving the Secretary of
the Treasury the right to redeem them within five
years, and 1 would even make the time shorter
than that and say " within thiec years.'* The time
has arrived when this rebellion is within ourgrasp.
The time has arrived when the order il forward"'
will close this rebellion. The obstacles are small.
The objects are great. We can remove the only
obstacle that stands in our way, and we can close
this rebellion before the 1st day of May next, and
I believe, I believe solemnly, that we shall do it.
We have but one obstacle, and that obstacle is so
small that we can remove it to-inorrow if Con-
gress, if the Senate, say so. It is a very small
obstacle, yet it has stood in our way for four
months.
I hope that the amendment of the Senator from
Maine will prevail; and I would prefer to reduce
the time which he has fixed from live years to
three years. I would not pay seven per cent., nor
even six per cent., more than three years. Our
five per cent, bonds will be worth more than par
in three years from this date. I know that the
money market is the touchstone of the national
credit; but I know, at the same time, that the Uni-
ted States five per cents would be worth more than
par to-day if the country and Congress knew our
presentposition. One obstacle stands in our way,
and that is a very small one.
I hope the amendment will prevail, and that we
shall reduce the time at least to five years. I
should prefer its reduction to three years. This
war is nearly ended. A single order " forward"
to-morrow, and we have the man to give the oider
in the Secretary of War, and the war is ended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out all
of the first section after the fifty-fifth line. That
is the provision in regard to what the notes shall
have on their back. I do not think it worth while
to have any indorsement upon them. I move to
strike out these words:
There shall be printed on the back of the United States
notes, which may be issued under the provisions of this act,
