m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
STffl Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. ob1 Reps.
trte-booksarepowerless against treason, and I fear
will so continue to be.
It was with much pain that I heard the propo-
sition announced and carefully elaborated that the
seceded States had organized themselves into a
government; that they had become a sort of dis-
tinct nationality; a quasi separate political power.
What consequences would resultfrom thatdogma
that they had the legal right to do all the acts of
Sovereignty which they have attempted, and that
it is not in our power to change or annul them?
It would, for example, make legal all their acts con-
fiscating the property of loyal citizens. It would
legalize the proceedings -which have been set on
foot for the sequestration of my own humble estate
in Tennessee. I hold in my hand the writ which
was served upon my wife at our home, while I
have been representing my people upon this floor.
I will append it to my remarks, that those curious
in such matters may examine it. (Appendix.) Per-
haps some gentlemen may value it as a precedent.
When I return I would find my property in the
hands of a purchaser or sub-purchaser from the
confederate government, and I would, according'
to this doctrine, be powerless to interpose to have
it restored to me. I protest against any such as-
sumption on the part of Congress or of any other
department of the Government. As a question of
political cthics it is monstrous. It accords to the
secessionists the full benefit of the freebooter's
maxim—
" That they shall take who have the power,
And they shall keep who can
while to those of us who have been trying, at an
immense sacrifice, to uphold the flag of our coun-
try, and to sustain its Constitution and laws, it is
simply cruelty. It is a pusillanimous betrayal
by the Government of its citizens, disgraceful to
any civiiizedPower. Whatevermay belide,every
Government owes to its loyal citizens protection,
full, ample, complete.
If the people of the seceded States are a sepa-
rate and distinct Government, why call them trai-
tors to your own ? The President understands the
whole philosophy of the situation, and with that
wisdom which has characterized his entire admin-
istration, he has denounced the rebels as simp! v a
combination of persons acting in defiance of all law
and government. This was a heavy blow to the
secessionists, who expected to be recognized as an
independent Power and treated us such. I have
heard their men acknowledge that Mr. Lincoln's
proclamation, dealing with iliem as a body of in-
surgents, and not as a confederacy of States, was
most disastrous to the succcss of the rebellion.
But it is gravely maintained, here and now,
that they have acted as States, and that we must
treat them as States, involving all alike, loyal and
disloyal, in the same condemnation. What then
becomes of the northern debts in those States,
moneysdue in the South to parties in the North,
sequestrated under proceedings instituted by au-
thority of the concern in Richmond ? I shall be
sorry, less for myself than for other men who have
been loyal to the Government, and who have suf-
fered so terribly for their loyalty, if any idealike
that shall prevail. It places them between the
upper and nether millstone—crushed by both,
and protected by neither. Tliey have been pur-
sued by the confederates for resisting their author-
ity; they are scourged by the Go vernmen t for suc-
cumbing to a power which they were unable to
resist, and from which they could notescape. Great
God! you have suffered a usurpation to ripen into
a tyranny, and then you would proscribe its vic-
tims for giving way to their persecution. You
have failed to give protection; now you deal out
vengeance. In the name of the loyal men of the
South, I protest against a doctrine so barbarous
and so cruelly unjust. Theories fraught with con-
sequences so iniquitous must be radically, incur-
ably wrong. And because, for the comfort and
safety of our people, soldiers and citizens, who
have fallen into the hands of the insurgents, we
have sentand received flags of truce, negotiated ex-
changes, and adopted other usages of war as they
prevail between nations, it no more affects our re-
lation to them or theirs to us than would the pay-
ment to an Indian of ransom for a stolen child, or a
reward to a footpad for a priceless heirloom or in-
estimable jewel of which he had robbed you on the
road, change the one from a lurking savage, or ele-
vate the other into the walks of legitimate com-
merce. The relation is still the same, the Govern-
ment grappling with a powerful rebellion, theloyal
on the one side, traitors on the other.
And this relation to the Government is indi-
vidual, personal to the parties themselves. The
expression, loyal and disloyal States, except as a
phrase of convenience, is a solecism which ought
to be banished along with the other heresies of the
State-rights school of politics. A dozen ordi-
nances of secession lurk snugly behind it. It
does not in the slightest degree strengthen the
position, that they who so x-eadily concede to the
insurgents the attributes of a separate power do
it under a full belief that they will be subdued, and
with the purpose of then treating the region of
country which they have been able to control as
a conquered province, seizing the property of all
indiscriminately, and molding their local institu-
tions at will. Such powers do not flow from the
repossession of our own territory, whether it has
been seized from us by domestic violence or for-
eign invasion. Suppose war with Great Britain
to have grown out of the Trent imbroglio; sup-
pose—and the supposition is far from improbable
—she had seizedupon the harbor of Portland, and
overcome the State of Maine; the people of that
State, powerless to resist, would have had no al-
ternative but submission to a dt facto authority,
and for the time being would have been practically
subjects of her Britannic Majesty, and until, by
our powers of recuperation, we had restored them
to the jurisdiction nf the flag; does anybody sup-
pose, in that case, that the people of the unfortu-
nate State would have lost any of their rights in
the Federal Government; that any question of
"getting back into the Union" would ever arise;
that we could conliscate any property by the mere
right of conquest?
Reference has been made to the present novel
condition of my own State, as if that sustained
the theory I am now discussing. The following
language will convey the reasoning and the con-
clusion arrived at:
" Take an illustration which an honorable gentleman [Mr.
Thomas, of Massachusetts} lias pronounced to the House.
Tennessee has seceded, has passed a secession ordinance,
and sustained it by foice. Has she forfeited her right as a
State ? It has been paid,<the voice nf her eloquent Sen-
ator is iieai d in the Capitol, her venerable judge sits in the
highest judicial tribunal, and exercises the highest func-
tions of government, her Representatives mingle in our
councils, and her loyal citizens greet Willi tears of )oy the
banner of our advancing hosts.' That is all true, or was
tiue when it was spoken. But that same cuurageoin,
manly, and Ilonoraliie Senator now sits in the Governor's
chair of Tennessee; not called there by tlie suffia es of
the citizens of the State, under the laws of the State, but
selected by the Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States. Hpr Legislature is driven out at the point
of the bayonet; the functions of her magistrates are sus-
pended at the will of a inilitaiy Governor. That venerable
judge holds the circuit in his district under the protection
of Federal bayonets, and at the will of a military Governor.
Betore that State can be rightfully represented here, she
must go back to the people—the source of political power
—and, by the action of a popular convention, her Legisla-
ture and Governor and magistrates must be reinstituted.
Elections nmn be ordered by new laws, and the whole
machinery of governmentniu^t be started afiesh. Itissaid
that we levy taxes, that we call on her for her contingent of
troops, and that alt these are, doubtless, mistakes. They
are mistakes, when one tlmd or one half of her citizens
can enlist under the hanneis of an enemy, and when one
third or one lialf of her taxes go to the support of a hos-
tile government. But all these mistakes are the legitimate
result of ihe dread appeal to war. Its laws are framed to
meet the necessities of the occasion; and the death of Slates
hm olt ^ ingi0ut institutions aie among its dread
but acknowledged pierogatives."
Such are the rigorous conclusions arrived atbv
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick.!
• J" point of view, well founded in the facts,
irrefragable in their logic, and in their nature ex-
cellent and satisfactory. The style has the cau-
tious reserve and cool authority of a master ac-
customed to command and expecting to be obeyed.
It is a representative expression of a certain ele-
ment, larger or smaller, both m this House and
til the country, and as such entitled to respect.
In marked contrast with this truculent and fero-
GovenwT0! meta,Ph3:sics. 1 '"nte attention to
, o ™°' Johnson s views of the facts and phi-
losophy of the Situation, which, as of one who
comes scarred from the strife, ar'e po*ibly
as likely to be correct as those of an idle spectator
looking on from a safe and prudent Si.ton«i:
When entering on the duties of his present office
he prepared an address to the people of Tennessee.
After vindicating the policy of Congress and the
President, he proceeds:
"In this spirit, and by such cooperation, has the Presi-
dent conducted this mighty contest, until, as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, lie has caused the national fia<* to
float undisputed over the capitol of our State. Meanwhile
the State government lias disappeared ; the Executive has
abdicated; the Legislature ha< dissolved; the judiciary is in
abeyance. The great ship of State, freighted with its> pre-
cious cargo of human interests and human hopes, its &nils
all set, and its glorious flag unfurled, has been suddenly
abandoned by her officers and the mutinous crew, and left
to float at the mercy of the winds, and to be plundered by
every lover upon the deep. Indeed, the woik of plunder
has already commenced. The archives have been dese-
crated ; the public property stolen and destroyed ; the vaults
of the State bank violated, and its treasures robbed, includ-
ing the funds carefully gathered and consecrated for all time
to the instruction of our children.
<k fn such a lamentable crisis, the Government of the Uni-
ted States could not be unmindful of itshigb constitutional
obligation to guaranty to every State in thU Union a repub-
lican form of government, an obligation which every State
has a direct and immediate interest in having observed to-
wards every other State, and from which by no act on the
part of the people in any State can the Federal Government
be absolved. A republican form of government, in conso-
nance with the Constitution of the United States, is one of
the fundamental conditions of our political existence, by
which every part of the country is alike bound, and from
winch no part can escape. This obligation the national
Government is now attempting to discharge,
" I have been appointed, in the absence of the regular
and established State authorities, as military Governor for
the time being, to preserve the public property of the State
—to give the protection of the law, actively enforced, to her
citizens, and as speedily as may be, to restore her govern-
ment to the same condition as before the existing rebellion."
So far as there is a discrepancy in the statement
of the facts, it is needless to say on which side
the truth lies; and as to the two philosophies, no
sane man can doubt which will be accepted by
nine tenths of the American people. " The death
of States and the crushing outof institutions" was
not the purpose for which they entered upon this
war. They intended the life of States and the pres-
ervation of institutions. Such has been, is, and,
I venture to affirm, will be the policy of the Presi-
dent and hi? administration. It was this high con-
serving policy that led him to unclothe of his sen-
atorial robes the great tribune of the people, and
intrust to his hands the labor of reinstating this
great Commonwealth, in whose councils he had
Jong been so conspicuous. He was sent not to
destroy, but to save; not to create new relations,
but to restore and preserve the old. He found the
"machinery" all perfect, complete; but motion-
less. The engineer and the workmen had fled;
the fires had gone out, the water had cooled in the
boilers. Another engineer is put on duty; other
workmen are summoned to his aid. The fires are
rekindled, the valves open one by one, the piston
rod begins to play, and as by degrees the belts
are refitted to the shafting, the wheels renew their
motion and hum their accustomed song of indus-
try. The State was notdead,its government was
not destroyed; merely its functions for a time
usurped and its action perverted; its relations to
the Federal system suspended by violence. When
the violence is overcome and the usurpation is sub-
dued, the former relations become active and the
functions of the government legitimate—the State
exists as before. It hasnot been conquered, it has
been rescued. It has not been subjugated, it has
been disenthralled. In times like these words are
things, and should be very carefully handled.
In accordance with this theory has been the con-
duct both of the Presidentand Governor Johnson.
They do not deem a popular convention necessary
to reorganize the community into a body politic.
They do not require new laws to authorize elec-
tions. They recognize the laws anterior to the
usurpation as still in force, and are providing for
their execution. Justice, public and private, is
administered in the Federal, State,and municipal
tribunals. Popular elections are held; and as fast
as the State is delivered from the power of hostile
troops, the ballot-box resumes its sway. The
post offices are reopened; postmastersand adistrict
attorney have been nominated and confirmed. We
have impeached a faithless judge, that his place
may be filled with some one more worthy. Local
officers, magistrates, sheriffs, constables, jailors,
clerks, registers, all perform their ordinary func-
tions. Condemned felons-still grind in the prison-
house under their original sentences. The Gov-
ernment has interposed only for the preservation
of the State authority. We are giving practical
effect to the sublime and simple creed of Mr. Clay,
