1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
775
the following words: "The within note is a legal tender in
payment of "all debts, public and private, and is exchange-
able lor bonds of the United States bearing six per cent,
interest, at twenty years."
The law fixes the character of the notes, and
there is no necessity for printing these words on
the back of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bat everybody who will
read the notes will know what the law is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is just as well
to leave it without prescribing by law what shall
be put on the back of the notes. Let the Secre-
tary put there what statement he chooses. We
do not want anything there, in my judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree with the Senator in
that.
Mr. HOWARD. I rather object to striking
out this clause. It seems to me that it will be
useful. Certainly it will be a great convenience
to persons who are the holders of these notes, and
who are not perfectly acquainted with the volumi-
nous statutes of the country. It will serve as a
brief and clear explanation of the nature and char-
acter of the security which they hold. There will
be, of course, thousands of persons who will look
to this as their only source of information as to
the character of the paper. It strikes me that it
will be a real convenience and a great utility to
the public generally. I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will observe
that, according to the amendment made on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, two kinds of
paper are to be in circulation; notes with this
indorsement and notes without it, and both hav-
ing the same effect. This will create confusion.
In an interview with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, this morning, he said that he thought it
would be better to have no indorsement.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very sorry that he
gave such an opinion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Thereisoneotheramend-
ment that I propose. At the end of the second
section theie is a provision that all stocks and
bonds of the United States shall be exempt from
taxation by any State or county. That might
leave them liable to taxation by cities or towns.
I suppose it is intended to keep them free from
all taxation under State authority. I move to
amend by adding after the word "county," the
words "city, town, or district."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had drawn another
amendment, a very important one, which is sub-
stantially what I know is to be offered by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] whom I
do not see in his placc, and I am sorry that he ts
not here. It is after the word " thereof," in the
forty-second line of the first section, to insert:
Provided, That the ^ecietary of the Tieasury shall, upon
presentation of such certificates of deposit, issue to ttu>
holder theieof, at his option, and instead of the bonds al-
ready described, an equal amount or'bonds of the United
States, bearing interest at theiato ofseven per cont per an-
num, payable semi-annually, and redeemable at the pleas-
ure of the Government of the United States after two years
from the date thereof, which said bonds shall be convertible
at t!ie pleasure of the holder at anytime within the said
term of two years into bonds payable in twenty years, as
heieinbefoie described.
That is to be instead of the proviso already
struck oat of the first section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is substantially what
was stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; that was a provision
for five years bonds at seven per cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then this is the same
except as to the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason of my diffi-
culty as to offering the amendment is that I had
some conversation with the Senator from Rhode
Island, who has left the Senate. If the question
can be taken to nighton the passage of the bill, I
should prefer to go on with it, on my own re-
sponsibility; but if not, and if that is obvious to
Senators, I shall not urge it to night.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no quorum here,
and we must havo the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is evident that there
is no quorum here I shall not offer it, as we cannot
have the vote on the passage of the bill to night in
that state of things.
Mr. SHERMAN. If you waive the motion to
strike out the legal tender clause, there will be no
difficulty about passing the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Judge Collamer gave
notice that he would move to strike it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Maine
will allow the bill to pass now with it in 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall certainly renew
his motion, he being absent, if we reach that ques-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we cannot go on now.
Several Senators. We may as well adjourn.
Mr. WADE. It can be offered to-morrow,
when the bill comes out of committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is obvious we cannot
pass the bill to-night, because there are gentlemen
here I know who are opposed to that clause, and
the Senatorfrom New York, [Mr. King,] for one,
would call for the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill with it in; so that if it is reduced to a
certainty that there is no chance of passing the
bill on account of the want of a quorum, that must
necessarily be the result.
Mr. FOOT and others. Let the bill be taken
out of committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to the
bill being taken out of committee.
Mr. KING. I desire to offer a substitute for
the bill; but I did not intend to offer it until the
other amendments had been gone through with.
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons]
intends to offer an amendment which he thinks
very important, and the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] intends to move to strike out the
legal tender clause of the bill, which is also a very
important one.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. King.) I sup-
posed you would call for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill with the legal tender clause in.
Mr. KING. The motion to strike out the legal
tender clause must be made before we take the
bill out of committee. I understand the Senator
from Vermont, who spoke upon the subject to-
day, intends to make that motion; and, after a
conversation with him, I preferred thatheshould
move it. He supposed the vote would not be taken
to-night: I regard thatas the most important pro-
vision in the bill, and I desire to vote upon it. I
presume there is nobody who desires to delay ac-
tion on the bill. It is a matter which we should
bring to a termination as soon as we can, in accord-
ance with the sense of a majority of the Senate.
I will suggest to the Senator from Maine to let the
bill go over, and lot gentlemen offer their amend-
ments in committee to-morrow; and I do not
think that course will delay the passage of the
bill at all. I am sure there is no disposition to
delay it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not within my con-
trol. It is perfectly within the control of the Sen-
ator from New York. He can move to strike out
the legal tender clause, and call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr. KING. After the conversation with the
Senator from Vermont, I prefer not to make the
motion in his absence. I would prefer that the
Senate adjourn or send for him.
Mr. WADE and others, (to Mr. King.) Make
the motion.
Mr. KING. I prefer to be guided by the advice
of the Senator fiom Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to it. I
am responsible for the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. There is evidently a quorum
here. I hope we shall go on with the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. I move an adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. TIcndeison, Pearce, and Sherman—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Biownnig, Chandler, Clark, Doohttle,
Fesseiulen. Foot, Gumes, IJarlan, Harris Ilowaid, Howe,
King, Lane of Indiana., MoDougall, Morrill, Pomcroy,
Powell, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson ot Mas-
sachusetts—21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
fuses to adjourn, but the-vote discloses, at the
same time, that there is not a quorum present; no
legislative business is, therefoie, in order.
Mr. KING. I have no doubt now that the
Senator from Maine will at least not object to a
motion to adjourn, as we have not a quorum. So
far as I know, I am not aware of any further dis-
cussion to take place upon the bill. All we have
to do will be to vote to-morrow, and I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is not
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York [Mr. King] has made a speech since the
other motion, and I think that ought to entitle us
to consider this.
Mr. KING. We shall evidently have no quo-
rum here to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been no
act of the Senate subsequent to the last vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to send for ab-
sentees.
Mr. KING. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is now
in order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 12, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TRANSPORTATION OP TROOPS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, relative to payments made for the
transportation of troops; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to oe printed.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I report from the Committee of Elections
asupplementary memQrialandadditional evidence
in the Iowa contested-election case of Byiugton
vs. Vandevcr,and move that they be recommitted
to that committee, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
CONTUMACIOUS "WITNESS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am directed by the Committee on the
Judiciary to submit the following resolution:
Whereas Henry WikofT, a witness subp«naed by the
Committee on the Judiciary in their examination of the
lact  in connection with the alleged censorship over the
telegraph, concerning which said committee were directed
by the Hoiu,e to make inquiry, iias stated that a portion of
the substance of the message of the President of the United
States, communicated to Congress on the 3d day of Decem-
ber last, was transmitted by telegraph through his agency
to the New York IJ<*rald priortothereceiptof"the paid mes-
sage by Congress, and has refused to state from whom he
received the matter thus revealed to the public: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Serjeant-at-Arms be directed to bring
the said Iluuy Wikoffbelore the bar of this IIouso to an-
swer said contempt.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY SUTLERS.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask the unanimouscon-
sentof the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 13G, to provide for the appoint-
ment of sutlers in tho volunteer service, and to
define their duiies.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. BUFFINTON. i move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTURE OF ROANOKE ISLAND.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, with the
permission of the. House, I will read several dis-
patches from the Navy and War Departments:
To Major General George B. McClellan, IVashuigton :
The following is Lieutenant Commanding Phelps's offi-
cial report lo Flag-Ofiicer Foote :
United States Gunboit Conestoga,
Railroad crobsino, Tennessee River,
February 10, i$62.
Sir: We have returned from an entirely successful ex-
pedition to Florence, Alabama. At the foot of the Muscic
shoals, Alabama, the rebels were forced to burn fix steam-
ers, and we captured two others, besides the half complete
gunboat Eastport. The steamers binned were freighted
with rebel military stores. The Eastport has about two
hundred and fiftv thousand feet of lumber on board. We
captured two hundred sta d of arms, and aquanuty of cloth-
ing and stores, and destroyed the cncamproentof Colonel
