1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
who have the firmness to advocate this measure. ;
Several gentlemen have said, by way of abstract
proposition, that our soldiers will not fight if sla-
very is to be interfered with. This may be a for-
cible argument with some, and most likely has
had its effect. But I trust that this House and this
nation are not to be addressed in this way. Our
undetsLuidings may be convinced by reason, but
an address to our fears ought to be treated with
contempt. If the nation be satisfied that any
course is proper, it would be base and degrading
to be driven from it by the discordant murmurs
of a minority. I should be the last to persist in
a measure which would jeopardize the success of
the Union cause, and I have yet to learn that the
proposition in question will have that effect.
It is said that the Constitution forbids us to
enact a law confiscating the slaves of lebels in
arms. No one questions but that where slavery
remained upon its own ground, obedient to the
Constitution, the national Government was pro-
hibited from interfering with it in the States where
it existed. " But the moment it threw off its ob-
ligations to the Constitution, and set at defiance
the authority of the nation, the question of its
existence became wholly discharged of ail con-
stitutional prohibitions and restraints; and from
thenceforth the national Government was imper-
atively bound to take possession of it as a national
affair, to deal with it, as with any other'question
vitally affecting the national well-being, on its
own merits, and dispose of it with an enlightened,
fearless, and far-reaching statesmanship."
This rebellion is civil war. Slavery has organ-
ized its powers into a regular form of government
with all the functions of sovereignty, it has em-
bodied and sent into the field a large military force,
formidable enough to hold the armies of the Union
in check for nearly one year, and has solemnly
declared, through its congress, that it is the un-
alterable determination of the people of the con-
federate States to suffer all the calamities of the
most protracted war, rather than return to their
allegiance to the United States.
What are the powers conferred upon every
Government by the laws of nations in a time of
actual war? Where the object of the war isajust
one, waged to prevent or punish an injury, we
have a right, according to an eminent writer on the
law of nations—
" To put in pi .ichceagamM our enemy eveiy measure that
will tend to weaken 01 disable bun finm miuntmning his
injustice. To this end, wo are at hbeity to choose any and
nil Mieh method- as wo may deem most etheacious. We
have thence a right to dept ivc our enemu of Ike possession of
ecovtlung which may augment his strength, and enable linn
to make anil carry on the tear. *4 ml if that of which wc hare
aright to deprive our enemy can help us-, we hare a right to
convert U to our oitmuse, or to destroy it, whenever that is
necessary to the main object, uMch it to disable our enemy
and destroy the cause of the war. And thence, ultimately,
all other method- proving insufficient to conquer hia resist-
ance, we have a right to put our enemy to death. Under
the name of enemy is comprehended, '><>1 only the first au-
thor of the war, hut likewise all those who join, abet, or aid
in the support oI tin- cau-e So, ;iI-o, a? between belliger-
ent Powers actually at wai, all right*,claim*, and liabilities
affect the whole body of the community together with every
one of its member.-'."
Further, upon this question as to the rights of
nations engaged in war, Professor Martin says:
" The conqueror ha* a right to seize on the propel ty of
the enemy, whether movable or immovable. Tin* maybe
done . 1. In ruder to obtain what may be demanded to be
due. 2. To force the enemy to an equitable peace. 3. To
defray the expenses*ot the war 4. To deter him, or by
reducing his strength, to hinder him, from repeating in
future the injuries* which have been the cause of the war.
And with tins object in view, a Power at wai has a light
to destroy the possessions and propeity of the enemy for
the express purposes of doing linn mischief."
The Supreme Court of the United States, the
highest tribunal known to our laws, has decided
that—
" War gives the full right to take the persons and confis-
cate the property of the enemy wheievei found." u It may
be considered ad the opinion of all who have written on the
jus belli, that war gives the right to confiscate."
The opponents of confiscation tell us that this is
not such a war as these authorities refer to; that
it is but a temporary insurrection, and not a civtl
war; that in putting down this rebellion we must
confine ourselves stiicily to the powers gianted
by the Constitution. How absurd! Tins doc-
trine is precisely what the rebels would wish to !
see prevail; for, .while they have thrown off* all
obligations to the Constitution, and while slavery '
is left free to murder, 10b, and pillage, the heart :
of treason is covered and protected by the Consti-
tution. It is said the rebels have, indeed, com-
mitted a great outrage upon the Constitution, but
that that is no reason why the loyal people of the
Union and their Government should do the same
thing by confiscating slave property, the Consti-
tution containing no express provision giving
them that power. As if the Constitution did con-
tain an express provision authorizing the block-
ade of southern ports, or filling them up with
stone-filled hulks, the burningof the rebels' dwell-
ings,and sweeping his whole land with the besom
of destruction. Only one act, it seems, imposed
by the terrible necessities of war, is unconstitu-
tional, and that is a destruction of its cause—sla-
very! No wonder that the great heart of the
world swells with a suppressed shout of derision
at such acumen and statesmanship! War and
its laws alone justify and make constitutional any
of these acts; and much more do they justify and
command the utter extinction in the rebel States
of its acknowledged cause.
Sir, the great law of necessity authorizes us to
confiscate the property of rebels in arms. Under
this law of necessity we may do many things not
affirmatively warranted by the Constitution, but
yet consistent with it. What right have I,affirma-
tively under the Constitution, to blow up my
neighbor's dwelling with a train of gunpowder ?
Yet, if I do so to at rest the progress of devouring
flames, the law of necessity arises higher than the
Constitution, but still consistently with it, and
justifies the act. So, to save a city from capture,
or a nation from destruction, we may go beyond
the express letter of the Constitution, and suspend
many of the personal rights secured to individuals.
No one has ever sustained this doctrine more ably
than Mr. Jefferson. He says in one of his let-
ters, (vol. 4, p. 150, of his works,) as follows:
a The question you propose, whether circumstances do
not sometimes occur winch make it a duty in officers of
lush tru.st to a^uiiie anthouties beyond the taw, i« easy of
solution on pi ineiple, butsomctnne-. ombanassuig in piae-
tice. A strict ohseivance ot the written law is-doubtless
one of the high duties of a good citizen ; but it is not the
highest. The laws of necessity, of feoK-preseivation, of
saving our country when indangei, are of higher obligation.
Tolose our eountiyby a scrupulous adherence to the writ-
ten law itself, with life, liberty, property, and all those who
are enjoying them with us: thus absurdly sacrtficimr the
end to the means. When, in the battle of Geimantown,
General Washington's atmy was annoyed from Chew's
house, be did not hesitate to plant his, cannon aanin^t it,
although the piopertv ot a citizen. When lie besieged York-
town, he leveled the Hibuibs. feeling that the laics of ptop-
< ity mu-t he postponed to the safety ot the nation. While
the auny was before York, the Governor of Viuiinia took
hordes, carnage*. piovisio s>, and even men, by force, to
enable that army to May together till it could master the
public enemy ; and he was justified.'' * * s «
" All these constituted a law of necessity and self prcsei-
vation, and rendered the salus populi supreme over the
written law."
I submit, sir, that it is time that we ceased to
put the salvation ofslavery above the salvation of
our country. We can no longer alToul to follow
the modern device of holding that institution sa-
cred above all other things, instead of leturning
to the good old way of the frameis of the Consti-
tution, (l who went on with their good work as ;
though slavery had no existence." Let us pass 1
a law confiscating rebel property in slaves. Let '
us strike at the vulnerable pointof this rebellion, :
and thereby save the lives of our brave men and •
prevent the utter bankruptcy of the people by (
bringing the war to a speedy and triumphal close.
A few words more, and 1 am done. Are ex-
amples necessary to convince us of the baneful
effects of protracted civil wat ? Review the pages
of history. Go to the ruins of the once populous
cities of Athens and Sparta, and ask what mighty
power laid them low in the dust? A voice from
the dead will icsound through their deserted streets
'hnd answer—civil war. For ages the city of Je-
rusalem, in which the God of Israel delighted to
dwell, the wisdom of whose kings and rulers ex-
tended to the most remote regions of the earth,
withstood the attacks of her enemies. Like a
queen she sat in the midst of her native hills, and
the scattered tribes of Palestine laid their tribute
at her feet. Rome with her conquering legions
encompassed her about, anil besieged her almost
impregnable walls. Long she withstood the at-
tacks of the Roman soldiers led on by the invinci-
ble Titus, but at length the demon rebellion sprang
up within the city, created divisions in the minds ;
ot her citizens and, arrayed them against each j
other in battle. Civil war with all us horrors raged \
Within, while the Romans without completed the
ruin of this mighty city, which had so long resisted
the invader's power. Her walls were thrown down;
her beautiful temple destroyed, and her inhabit-
ants led away captive to far distant lands. She
fell a victim to the might of rebellion.
Rome herself, the " seven-hilled city," that in
pride her scepter swayed over earth and sea and
in her strength the world defied, she also fell a
prey to this spoiler. Discord and dissension arose
among her rulers. Ceesarand Pompey marshaled
their hosts against each other in battle array; and
from that time Rome sank down until at length
she has become a by-word and reproach among
the nations of the earth. Her fate is written in
characters that all may read, " civil war destroyed
Rome." Turn to the history of more modern
times. Look at France, in that stormy period
which immediately followed the American Revo-
lution, emphatically called the reign of terror,
when her streets were deluged with the blood of
her noblest citizens, her prisons filled to overflow-
ing, and the voice of mourning resounded through
the land. Religion was for a time hurled from her
throne, the ties of society, both civil and social,
were destroyed, and rebellion, with all its horrors,
reigned omnipotent in the sunny clime of France.
There we may behold Us sad effects; and shall
we not tremble lest the like calamities £ome upon
us. Look at yonder vessel on the calm and gentle
sea. How joyful are its crew as their ship glides
silently along to their de3tined port, which, m an-
ticipation, they already behold. They think of
the friends of their youth and their much-loved
home, the memory of which time nor distance
cannot erase. But these, alas ! they are doomed
never to behold. A furious tempest suddenly
arises, the sea is lashed into fury, the vast con-
cave of heaven is lighted up, the thunders roar,
and thedevoted shipis overwhelmed bythe raging
elements. She sinks down within sight of the
destined port. So it may be with us. Like some
beautiful and majestic vessel, wc have been wafted
by gentle gales over the calm and unruffled sea of
prosperity. The heavens above us have been
unclouded, the sun lias shone with ceaseless
brilliancy, and nothing has arisen to disturb the
tranquillity of the scene. Butatlength the storm
gathers around us, the sky grows black, the thun-
ters roar, and wo arc in the midst of danger, sur-
loundedbythe wrecks of those who have pre-
ceded us. It is not yet too late to save this fair
land from the touch of the spoiler. Let us stand
firmly by the Union, Let the love of country and
the love of our flag, engraved on our minds and
hearts by our mothers' instruction in childhood,
nerve and animate us in the mighty struggle going
on; and when atlasttheconflictshall have ended,
our beloved country will be found firm and un-
bioken; like an arch, every additional pressure
having only served to test and prove its strength.
Mr. CUTLER made some remarks, which will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr, PATTON. Mr. Speaker, during the
months past in which I have sat in this Hall, I
have never claimed the attention of the House.
The measures that have come up for our consid-
eration have, for the most part, been of that na-
ture that the duty of every loyal Representative
has been so clear and unmistakable that debate,
further than necessary to the perfection of details,
has seemed to me impertinent and factious, and
to have only the effect to confuse and embarrass
or delay proper action. The time has called for
deeds, not words; and, foitunately for the coun-
try, there has been that unanimity of patriotic
spirit in this House, that all attempts to paralyze
by delay and to divide by the introduction of
false issues have been promptly put aside.
I should not have departed from my habit of
silence now, but for the belief that my constit-
uents, in common with all loyal men of whatever
section, have a deep interest in the passage of
some measure for the confiscation of the property
of rebels, and I should feel myself neglectful of
my duty did I allow the occasion to pass without
urging the considerations which will determine
my own action.
1 desire to address myself to the Representatives
of the " border States" more especially. It is not
my purpose to stand heie and denounce any of
the loyal citizens of the slaveholdmg States be-
cause they may'differ from me on questions of
policy or expediency, nor do 1 entertain an un-
kind feeling a single one of them. I can
