776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Crews, at Savannah, Tennessee. We found the Union sen-
timent strong.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
' v s. 1h1elps,
Lieutenant Commanding U. S. 2f.
Tq Flos Officer A. II. Foots, U. S. N., Commander Naval
Forces. Western Waters, Cairo5 Illinois*
g. vv. cullum,
Brigadier General Volunteers, Chief of General Hulleck's
Staff, United States Army.
% Fortress Monroe, February J1,1853.
Bv flag of trace to-day we Warn oi the complete success
of Burm-ide at Roanoke Island. The Wand was taken
possession of, and Commodore Lynch'* fleet completely
destroyed. .Elizabeth City was attacked on Sunday, and
evacuated by tlie inhabitants It was previously burned,
whether by our shells or by the inhabitants is not certain.
Tin- first new-# of the defeat arrived at Norfolk Sunday
afternoon, and caused great excitement: previous news,
Very satisfactory, stating that the Yankees had been allowed
to advance for the purpose of drawing them into a trap.
The rebel forces on the inland are supposed to have been
only a l.ttlcrover three thou&and efficient fighting men.
General Wise was ill at Nag's Ilead, and was not present
daring the engagement. When the situation became dan-
gerous, he was removed to Norfolk. All their gunboats but
one were taken. That escaped up the creek, and was
probably also destroyed. One report at Norfolk says that
seventy, another only twenty-five, escaped from Roanoke
island. General Iluger telegraphed to Richmond that only
filty on the bland escaped. There appears to be no bright
side of the story lor the rebels. The Richmond Examiner
this morning (10th) says, in its leading editorial, "The los«?
of our entire army on Roanoke island is certainly the most
painful event or the war. The intelligence by telegraph
yesterday I* fully confirmed. Two thousand five hundred
biave troops on the inland were exposed to all the force of
Uurnside's fleet. They resisted with courage; but when
fifteen thousand were landed against them, retreat being
cutoff* by the surrounding elements, they were forced to
surrender. This is a repetition of Hatteras on a larger
scale."
The following arc the dlspatcbea on the subject in the
Richmond papers oi this morning:
Norfolk, February 10.
The latest news states that Captain O. Jennings Wise,
son of Governor Wi&e, was shot tliiougl) the hip and dis-
abled, though his wound wan not mortal. Major Laws-on
ami Lteut'-nantMiliei were mortally wounded; aboutlhiee
hundred confederates were killed. Our wounded number
over one Hmubund. The number of Yankees wounded Is
about the same. Midshipman Coiwin had his arm shot off;
the other car-nalties are unreported. A late arrival this
morning says that Elizabeth City had been 6hcllcd and
burned by the Yankee*, and that the enemy was pushing
ou through to Edenton.
[second dispatch.]
Norfolk, February 10.
Rumor has prevailed here that Commodore Lyneh'  fleet
of gunboats had been captured. It Is not regarded true,
but it is believed that all were burned by the confederates
to prevent their capture, with the exception of one, which
wa1 endeavoring to make its escape. The fleet went to
Elizabeth City lrotn Roanoke island, and was probably
burned at the iormer point.
[third dispatch-}
Norfolk, February 10.
(Received In Richmond at midnight,)
A courier anived hcie this afternoon at four o'clock, and
brought ihe intelligence that Elizabeth City wan buined this
morning by the Inhabitants. During the conflngtation the
Federal* lauded a large lorcc. All of our gunboats, except-
ing one, were captured by the enemy. General Wise has
not yet air.ved at Nor«oik. A courier arrived here yester-
day a.ternoon, about thiee o'clock, fiom whom we gather
the Ibllow.uff information; The enemy advanced with full
foiec upon fiuxabi-th City yr*tetday about seven o'clock,
and began an attack upon that place. The citizens finding
reactance v i iti, evacuated the place, but before doing so
they t-et fire to the town, and when our informant Jolt, it
wa- still in flames.
Wo have also to record the capture by the enemy of all
our little flviet, except the Fanny or Foiest, {monotint not
certain vvuich. 'fins eluded the enemy, and made up Pas-
quotank r.ver. Sue was pursued, however, and fears are
entertained ih;U >hc ol^o was captured. It is said that he-
lore oui boats surrendered, they were abandoned, and that
the crews succeeded in making their escape. If j«o, we
are at a loss to conjecture why they were not fired before
abandoned. The disaster to our little fleet is attiibuted to
the fact that, having exhausted the supply of coal and am-
munition, tiny proceeded to Elizabeth City lor the pur-
pose of obtaining a supply. Every effort wa  made to obtain
coal, but without success; and on this account the fleet
was uuable to return to the island or tend any assistance
whatever to our forces. All details as published, with ref-
erence to the capture of Roanoke island, are confirmed by
courier. He repiesenis our loss at three hundred killed and
wounded, and thatot the enemy not leas than one thousand
killed- Great havoc was made among them while coming
up the road leading to the tort. Our lorces biought to bear
upon them two thirty-two pounder*, and at every fire their
ranks were terribly thinned. Theplacesoftbe fallen,how-
ever, were quickly filled. Poik Point battery was manned
by the Richmond Blues, and mobt nobly did they defend
It during the conflict They were attacked by a whole
regimentol Zouaves, and though completely overpowered,
they stood their giound bravely. Nor did they yield a foot,
until ail save seven fell bleeding to the giound. There ts
good rea-on to believe that had Colonel Henningsen, with
his artillery, been on the island, it would not liave been
forced to surrender.
Leds of Seid pieces was Be&y felt, and bad these been at
band the enemy, perhaps, would never have been able to
have landed his forces. Ilenningscn had orders, we under-
distinguished himself. In addition to the above are many
rumors we might give, but, as they are nothing more than
rumors, we withhold thfm. Amongtbem i- one, however,
worthy of notice, that General Wisehad been shot while in
an ambulance on hts way to Norfolk. There is no truth what-
ever in this statement, so far as we have been able to learn,
and can only account for it by supposing that the name of
General Wise was confounded with ihatof his son, who
was reported among the killed. It is reported that one regi-
ment from Massachusetts was pearly cut up, but it is im-
possible to ascertain which one of the five that were attached
to the expedition.
The news received hereto-day occasioned great excite-
ment at Old Point. A steamer with official dispatches from
General Burnside is hourly expected. The pusoners cap-
tured number at least two thousand. They will be here in
a few days. All the southern papers received are unani-
mous in admitting a complete victory to our troops, and that
the loss of the island is a very serious one.
LAKE DEFENSES.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the special committee on
lake defenses, by unanimous consent, made a re-
port; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that five thousand
extra copies of that report be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion, under the rules,
must go to the Committee on Printing.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back Senate
amendments to House bill No. 154, making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862, and to ask that they be
now considered.
There was no objection; and the amendments
were taken up for consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not usual to consider
amendments of that character in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The House has decided to
take up the amendments; and no objection was
made to their consideration in the House, without
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of having
the fairest consideration of these amendments,!
move that they be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. They are very few and very
simple. They will have to go to a committee of
conference, and i think that we may as well now
consider them in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. The rules of the House re-
quire that these amendments should have their
nrst consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be recollccted that sev-
eral appropriations were cut down by the House
with regard to horses and carts and expenses about
the Capitol. The appropriations stricken out have
been restored by the Senate. There was an ap-
propriation of $1,000 for building a wall upon the
banks of the river called Tiber. The Senate thought
that that would not be any guard against the roar-
ing billows of the Tiber, and they have struck that
appropriation out.
The principal amendment of the Senate is an
appropriation of some eight or nine thousand
dollars to pay for the additional expenses of the
White House.
Mr. F. A. CONfCLING. What is the amount?
Mr. STEVENS. About eleven thousand dol-
lars for furnishing the White House. It is in
addition to the appropriation made by Congress
for that purpose of* §20,000. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment. I think that I have stated all
of the amendments of the Senate.
The question was put on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion to refer the amendments to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and on a
division, there were—ayes 32,noes 50; no quorum
voting.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is manifest that a majority
of the House are opposed to sending these amend-
ments to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and i therefore withdraw my mo-
tion.
First amendment of the Senate*
Strike out the following:
For commissions, at two and a half per cent., to such
superintendents as are entitled to the *ame under the pro-
viso to act 3d March, 1851, on the amount that may be dis-
bursed by them, $7,000.
Mr. COX. When I made a motion to strike
that clause out, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means did not or couW not explain
fully what that appropriation was exactly for, or
upon what law it was based. I want to have in-
formation on the subject, upon which I may pre-
dicate my vote. The Senate have voted it out,
and I hope that we will now have some explana-
tion of the appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that, by fixing
salaries, this appropriation is rendeied unneces-
sary, and the Committee of Ways and Means
have recommended that the amendment of the
Senate be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out "$7,668 10," and insert In lieu thereof
"$5,239 79so that the clause will read:
For commutation of fuel and quarters for officers of the
Army serving on light-house duty, the payment of which is
no longer provided for by the quartermaster's department,
$5,239 79.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out" $500," and insert in lieu thereof u $1,095
so that the clause shall read:
For hire of carts on the public grounds, $1,095.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out " one," and insert " three so that the clause
wiil read:
Tor purcha&e of trees and tree-boxes, to replace where
necessary, such as have been planted by the United States,
to whitewash tree-boxes and fences, and to repair pave-
ments in front of the public grounds, $3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House reduced that ap-
propriation to $1,000 after full consideration. It
seems to me that $1,000 is enough and probably
too much to appropriate for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate examined this
matter with considerable care, and it is found that
the fixtures of these trees have been much injured
by hitching horses to them, and that this appro-
priation is necessary to restore them.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it not be better to wait
until these horses are disposed of?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that they are
nearly all dead. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 liave no doubt those from
Pennsylvania are.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lehman and
Sheffield were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 18.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssim. Aldnch, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Did-
dle, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blan, Blake,
Bulfmton, Campbell, Ohamberlhi, Clatk, Colfax, ito^eoe
Coukltng, Conway, Coming, Crb-fiuld, D.tvi-s JDinllap,
Dunn, Edwards Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fess-endon,
Fisher, Franchot, Goodwin, Granger, Grider. Gurley,
llaight, Hale, Uanchett, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, lior-
ton, Hutchins, Kelley, Francis W. Kellocg, Knapp, Lan-
sing, Law, Leary, Lehman, Marston. May. Moorhead,
Justin S. Morrill, Noell, Olm, Patron, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pomeroy, Alexander II. llice, Riddle, Edward II. ttoliins,
James S Rollins, Sheffield, Sherman, Sloan, Smith, Spaul-
ding, John 0. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stratum,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tram, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Vcrree, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton,
Webster, Wheeiei, Whaley, Wood, Woodruff, Worcester,
and Wright—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Babbitt, Joseph Bally, William G.
Blown, Bumham, Clements, Frederick A-Conkling, Coy,
Crittenden, Cutler, Dawes, Edgerton, Fiank, Ilaidtng, Uol-
man, William Kellogg, Loomu>, Maliory, Mayuaid, Men-
zien, Mitchell, Morris, Noble, Noiton, AVndleton, Pike,
Porter, Price, Kichardson, Shank*, Sheliahaiger, Upton,
Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wadswoith, E. P. Walton,
Chilton A. White, Wicklifte, WiUou, and Windom—-39.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. McPher-
