1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
truly say theft I have none of the prejudices com-
mon to partisans. Politics has not been my pro-
fession; nor, except so far as necessary to enable
mo to vote understamhngly,and to discharge my
duties to my constituents, have I made it my
study. Since I have been a member of this House
il has been my privilege to form many agieeable
acquaintances among the members from the bor-
der States, and I have found them true and loyal
citizens, and, i believe, as willing to make any
sacrifice that they are clearly convinced is neces-
sary to save our common country as those from
the North. If there are differences between us I
believe they are the result, on both sides, of hon-
est convictions; and I desire to address myself
only to their reason and their patriotism, disclaim-
ing, on my own part, all partialities and preju-
dices, and asking an equally kind and candid con-
sideration of what 1 may have to say.
What is it, I ask, that has so terribly distracted
and disorganized our country, that has put in mo-
tion a million of bayonets, caused the saeiifice of
thousands of lives,and the expenditure of hundreds
of millions of dollars? Certainly no differences of
language, religion, or ancestry; nor can it be the
clashing of (he true interests of various sections.
The champions of both sides agree that it is the
resuit of the natural conflict between skive labor
and free. And where rests the responsibility for
the culmination of this conflict in open war?
I apprehend that, after the events of the past
year, there can be but one answer to this ques-
tion, whatever may be the differences of opin-
ion as to the original merits of the controversy.
For, while the people of the North have believed
slavery to be wrong, morally, religiously, and
politically, and calculated to retard the proper
development of the industrial interests of the
States where.itexisted, if not contrary to the letter
and the spirit of our Constitution, they have not
by a single act of legislation interfered with the
just or the assumed rights of those States. As
Mr. Benton once said, "they (the slave States)
never asked for anything that they did not re-
ceive;" and upto this veiy day there has not been
the shadow of a law passed by Congress restrict-
ing any rights of slaveholders in the States. We
have said, " you may have and enjoy your system
of labor, and we will have and enjoy outs." But
the siaveholding States were not coutentwith this,
or with anything short of the employment of the
whole power of the Government in the extension
and perpetuation of their system. Because,for the
fit st time m almost half a century, we have placed
a man at the head of the nation who is only not
partial to slavery, the siaveholding leaders have
combined against the proper authority of the Gov-
ernment, and are now attempting to institute a
government" the corner stone of which," accord-
nig to their own declaration, " shall be the insti-
tution of human bondage."
Sir, from the very beginning of the agitation,
now half a century old, we sought to avert the
final struggle by compromise after compromise.
To the successive and ever-rising demands of the
slave power we opposed only compliance after
compliance, oftentimes accompanied, I rejoicc to
say, with piotcst, but always ending in submis-
sion, until there was nothing but the very vital
principle of our free society that we had not yielded,
and even that we had compromised. Itisnotmy
intention to review the history of the period re-
fen ed to. We are all familiar with its leading
events. I desire only to introduce a single rem-
iniscence, with a view to illustrate the good faith
in which I know that the people of the North
acted throughout,and their desire for an amicable
settlement of the matter in dispute. It was my
privilege to be a member of the national Whig
convention held at Baltimore, in 1852, at which
General Winfield Scott was nominated for Presi-
dent. We then entered into a solemn agreement
that we would discountenance all agitation of the
slaveiy question, both in and out of Congress.
The same year the Democracy held their national
convention, and passed similar resolutions. The
country then lested m the belief that these pledges
were made m good faith, and that the vexed ques-
tion had been put foiever to icst. I leturned to
my home after the adjournment of that conven-
tion with the confident belief that the slavery
question, as settled by Congress m 1850,and tatl-
hed by the two great national parlies in l8«V-2,was
a " finality," as it was then pronounced; and I,
in common with other members of the party to
which I belonged, determined that there should be
nothing wanting on my part to make the fulfill-
ment of that com promise complete; and I can say,
without the possibility of contradiction, that, dis-
tasteful as was the fugitive slave law to a majority
of our people, for the sake of peace it was acqui-
esced in, and allowed to have its full force in o,ur
strongest anti-slavery communities, and no law of
Congress was ever more faithfully executed in
either section of the Union.
From 1850 to the assembling of Congress in the
winter of 1£53, the North was profoundly silent
on this and all other subjects calculated to irritate
our neighbors in the slaveholdin? States; and so
earnestly was the compromise of 1850 sustained,
that the radical anti-slavery element was hefd in
check by the overpowering influence of the "final-
ity" sentiment. I am proud to say that the pledge
made by the Whig party to discountenance all
agitation of the slavei y question was kept in good
faith. Weaie all familiar with the manner in
which, in 1853-54, the question was reopened by
a portion of the Democratic party, and the whole
country kindled to a blaze of excitement. The
exciting scenes through which we have passed
since the repeal of the Missouri compromise need
not be recited. The southern mind was poisoned
against the people of the North, through misrep-
resentations of their purposes anti-desires; while
the Whig party in the South was crushed out, and
the siaveholding States wete left exclusively in the
control of Davis, Toombs, and Floyd, their con-
federates and co-conspirators.
1 have thus, Mr. Speaker, alluded briefly to
events with which we are all familiar, because I
apprehend that the subject to which they relate
will have a most important influence on the fate
of this measure of confiscation in this House.
For, while I do not doubt that many members will
oppose it conscientiously, I as fully believe that
most of the opposition it will meet will have its
source in consideiations connected more or less
intimately with the institution of slavery. In the
brief survey which 1 have taken of the past rela-
tions of the free States to the institution of sla-
very, it has been my purpose to call to the recol-
lection of members from the border States the fact
that all political action of the North has been uni-
formly friendly to the South—for of the opinions
and actsof an inconsiderable minority, who never
were able to affect legislation seriously, we are not
bound to take account—and considerate of her
every light; and I fnmly believe it would have so
continued so long as the South should have seen
fit to avail herself of the protection of the Consti-
tution. Therefore it is that I hold slavery has no
right to claim from loyal Representatives on the
floor of this House any degree of immunity from
the retribution it has so rashly invoked upon itself
by its ciimes against the Constitution.
1 rejoice that there arc men here from the bor-
der slave States whom treason could neither se-
duce nor intimidate from their allegiance. 1 honor
them for their fidelity, and I appeal to their can-
dor and patriotism for that measure of coopera-
tion with us of the free States which shall be
needful for the salvation and restoration of the
Republic. From the bare fact of their presence
in this Hall we have a right to expect it. And
what should hinder the men of the border States
fiom joining with us in thefiaternal consideration
of whatever questions may grow out of the ne-
cessities and exigencies involved in the suppres-
sion of this most unholy lebellion r Have we not
shown a disposition to respcct your every right5
What compromise was e\er broken by the people
of the North ? Of what violation of the Constitu-
tion do you accuse us5 Even during the last year,
while slavery has stood confessed the one cause
of seemingly impending national rum, through all
the dark hours in which existence itself hung
trembling m the balance, and while the border
States were more than doubtful in their loyalty,
the people of the Noi th stood unwavering to their
constitutional obligations—obligations trampled
under foot with evety circumstance of insult and
contumely by those claiming their shelter and
protection.
In this House and by the executive head of the
nation the same jealous regard for constitutional
obligations has been presei \ed ; regard not merely
for obligations due to those who continued un-
questionably loyal, but to those who wavered
between loyalty and rebellion, and even to those
who have gone over to rebellion and are desper-
ately striving to destroy the Constitution. While
1 do not hesitate to say that I believe this tender-
ness has been carried further than the supreme
law of national as of individual life, self-preserva-
tion, warranted, I am proud to recognize that in-
grain loyalty to constitutional forms which could
have been developed only under a free constitu-
tional Government, and which is itself the highest
vindication of such a form of government.
But, sir, we have gone further in our respect to
the obligations we owe to you as loyal, constituent
parts of our common country. The loyal men of
the free States are suffering losses of life and of
property compared with which yours are trifling.
For our communities are compact, with infinite
interests and industries. All those vital relations
and complex interests which have formed and
become cemented during half a century of peace
are rudely torn asunder by this war. The loss
of life is mainly ours; the burden of taxation must
be borne mainly by the large-producing and large-
consuming, compact, industrial population of the
free'States. If it become necessary in the pros-
ecution of this war for the preservation of the
Union to adopt measures which should involve
the ruin or the in jury of the institution of slavery
in the rebellious States we might well say to you
of the border States, that, if loss be entailed on
you by such measuies, it is no more than has
befallen our own communities. By the strict letter
of the compact, the man whose interests are in
slaves can with no more propriety claim com-
pensation for injury to those interests which grow
out of a common struggle for self-preservation
than ho whose interests may be in merchandise
or machinery, and may be affected in an equally
injurious way.
But this House, on the recommendation of the
Executive, with a singular unanimity, volunta-
rily, and in advance, has tendered to those loyal
citizens who arc interested in the institution of
slavei y full compensation for all injury to either
public or private relations which may ensue from
its downfall. We have not done this arbitrarily;
we have not proposed to meddle with your inter-
nal affairs; but, finding you, without crime or
fault of your own, involved m the fate of a sys-
tem upon which events, no less than the immuta-
ble principles of divine justice, have set the seal
of speedy destruction, we have come forward,
and, in effect, invited the people of your States
to a friendly consideration of the loss to them—
volunteering, in addition to bearing our own
heavy burdens, to relieve them from a loss which
is inevitable.
What, 1 ask, stands in the way of a magnani-
mous recognition of this generous offer? And
what has there been in the political action of the
North, either before or since the rebellion, which
should deter you from entering fully, freely, and
without any feeling of jealousy or of injury, upon
the consideration, with us, of whatever measures
the progress and continuance of this war may
render necessary ? Suppose the bill now before
the House shall operate unfavorably to the insti-
tution of slavery, what is there in that circum-
stancc to call out your opposition, or to prevent
your giving it that calm, candid consideration
which you would to any other measure of like
justice and necessity? If slavery must have the
'life of the Republic, or the Republic must have
the life of slavery, will you hesitate in choosing
between the two? Aie you not unconditional
Union men? Would you not regard it as a high
privilege to preserve the Government to which
you and we owe all, by the sacrifice even of a por-
: tion of what you regard as your interests? But
we invite you to no sacrifice in which we are not
willing tobeareven more than an equal part. Not
only, then, on the giound that we have respected
every constitutional obligation as toward all the
slave States; not only on the ground of a magna-
nimity and a fraternal consideration of the rights
of the border States beyond what is set down in
the compact, but on the ground of common suf-
feiing and common wrong endured at the hand of
a common enemy, do we appeal to those who
represent those States in this House to join with
us in all measures which tend the restoration
of the Union on the basis of mutual justice and
pi otectiou.
Some settlement of the conflict which is now
