1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vri
son was called out of the House upon public busi-
ness.
INTERCOURSE "WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 186) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to regulate trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on
the frontiers," approved June 13, 1834.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Fifth amendment:
In appropriation for repairofthePresident's House, strike
out " two," and insert fiveso that it will read:
For annual iepairs of the President's House and furniture,
improvement of grounds, purchase of plants for garden, and
contingent expenses incident thereto, $5,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (II. R.
No. 153) to authorize the construction of twenty
iron-clad steam gunboats; when the Speaker signed
the same.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Sixth amendment:
Page 6, line ten, strike out "$30,000," and insert "Bridge
and High streets m Georgetown, Four-and-a-half street,
Seventh, and Twelfth streets acioss the Mali, $50,000;" so
that it will read :
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the pub-
lic giounds around them, and around the executive offices
and Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and Hi^h streets in
Georgetown, Four-and-a-half street, Seventh and Twelfth
streets across the Mall, $50,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committeeof Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will not
concur. Without intending to discuss the sub-
ject, if the House will give us the yeas and nays,
I will be satisfied with that.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means have listened to the arguments which
have been used in the Senate in favor of this
amendment. It will be remembered that this was
the way the appropriation originally stood in the
House bill, but the House cutit down to $30,000.
The Senate,upon discussion, wereof opinion that
these streets, which are entirely under the juris-
diction'of Congress, needed more light. They
have heretofore been lighted in this way. They
are more used, perhaps, by the Army than any
other street's of the city; and being used by the
Army very much in the night, the Senate deemed
it imperative that they should be lighted. If this
Senate amendment is not adopted, the streets will
be left in the dark, as there is no other power
which has control over them. The question,
therefore, is between lighting these streets, which
are entirely under the control of Congress, and
which are used mainly by our Army, or leaving
them in the dark. 1 have no feeling upon this
subject one way or the other. The committee
came to the conclusion that the suggestions made
in the Senate were reasonable, and that it was best
for the present, at least, that these streets should
be lighted. I hope the gentleman will not insist
upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays for the present. I desire to say,
however, that the only argument in favor of this
amendment is the one urged by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania—that this is for the accommoda-
tion of the Army. But it should not be forgotten
that we have three hundred thousand men in the
Army of the United States not upon the banks of
the Potomac; and we do not propose to extend to
them the extraordinary favor of appropriating
$20,000 for lighting up'the streets over which they
have occasion to pass. In the present condition
of the Government, we ought to cut off every dol-
lar of expenditure which can be dispensed with.
The amendment was not concurred m.
Seventh amendment:
Page 6, before line seventeen, insert the following:
For additional fixtures and lighting and repairing the
buildmg and footways of the custom-house and post office
in Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, $250, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this is a new item of ap-
propriation, perhaps the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means can explain the neces-
sity of it.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that that place
is very much dilapidated, and sadly needs repairs.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania state whether Congress has
heretofore made appropiiations of this kind for
keeping this building in repair?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that this build-
ing, and the grounds around it, are now used
entirely by the Army. *
The amendment was not concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page 7, line one, strike out "one," and insert "two j''so
that it will read:
For public reservation No. 2 and La Fayette square,
$2,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee ofWaysand
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Ninth, tenth, and eleventh amendments:
Amend the clause " For repairs of furnaces under the old
Capitol, $150 so that it will read:
For repairs of all the furnaces under the Capitol, $1,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendments were not concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Strike out lines thirteen and fourteen, as follows:
For repairing the stone wall of Tiber creek, in the Bo-
tanic Garden, $1,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Insert in the appropriation for the distribution of cuttings,
seeds, &c., for the Patent Office, the following:
And for investigations to test the practicability of prepar-
ing flax as a substitute for cotton.
The SPEAKER. TheCommitteeofWaysand
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I hope the
amendmcntof the Senate will be concurred in,and
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means disregarded. The amendment, the
House will perceive, does not increase the amount
of moneyto be appropriated orexpended,butonly
extends its disbursement to another subject. It
is a subjcct of great importance to all the manu-
facturing business of the North at the present time.
Sixty thousand dollars have already been appro-
priated to be expended for the various purposes
enumerated xinder the head of appropriations for
the Patent Office; and now it is proposed to direct
the expenditure of a portion of that money, under
the direction of the head of that bureau, to test
the practicability of preparing flax as a substitute
for cotton. Some investigations in that respect
have already been made m my State, under the
lead of the Society for the Encouragement of
Domestic Industiy,and they have resulted to the
satisfaction of the society, and of the manufac-
turers, even beyond what they expected at the time
the experiments were instituted. Thoy now ask
that the Government shall give a wider and broader
scope to these experiments, and the Senate com-
mittee unanimously recommended that it should
be done. The high price of cotton at the present
time renders it necessary that we should find some
substitute for u, if possible—not expecting to dis-
place itcntnely,but in part to make up for the loss
of an article which seems to be of importance at
the present time. It has been ascertained by ex-
periments upon a small scale, that this flax-cotton
will mix with other articles much better than cot-
ton itself, and that by mixing with cotton itself, it
makes an excellent fabric, which will take colors
1 readily, and is valuable in many respects. Itcer-
tamly becomes this House, at this time, not to
discourage, but rather to encourage, experiments
of this kind, and give them a broader scope through
the country. I cannot but think that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means inadvertently recom-
mended a non-concurrence in this amendment,
which had been very fully and carefully consid-
ered by the committee of the Senate. I hope
the House will concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by inserting, after " flax," the
words " and hemp." I will state to the House
that I have recently received a letter from a very
intelligent gentleman in the State of Kentucky, in
which he states that he is now engaged in some
experiments that he is confident will result in the
discovery of a process for spinning flax and hemp
without the tedious process heretofore necessary
of hackling, I know that he is a practical mart; •
and 1 believe that these experiments will result
successfully, and I know that great encourage-
ment will be given to his labors by the adoption
of this amendment to the proposition inserted here
by the Senate, proposing to defray the expenses
of these experiments. I hope the House will
disregard the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and permit the appropria-
tion to remain in the bill with the amendment
that I have offered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
feel solicitous that investigations of this kind
should be made in relation to every subject that
interests the producing States of the country.
Flax and hemp are raised and may be raised in
very great abundance and with very great success
certainly in the West, and flax in nearly every
part of the Union. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Olin] says that if there is any enterprise
that should be encouraged just now it is the cul-
tivation of hemp. I do not know but that the gen-
tleman's own conscience has prompted the sug-
gestion of a very good idea. [Laughter.] We
have been talkingagood deal recently about hemp
for the South, and perhaps it may be needed in
the gentleman's own district, though I should not
have supposed so, for I know the gentleman, and
took him to be a Representative of his people; but
if they need a little* hemp of a peculiar kind in
that region I have no objection to the experiments
being made, so that if we have to use it, we shall
use the very best quality in the very best man-
ner. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I will state to the gentleman
from Illinois that it was with direct reference to
the necessity of such uses as he alludes to that I
offered my amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. To speak seri-
ously, Mr. Speaker, I do believe that it is of im-
portance that these experiments should be made,
and I believe that great good will come of it. We
should encourage the raising of flax and of hemp.
They are articles of great use, and their cultiva-
tion, I believe, is ultimately of great profit. I am
therefore in favor of the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Mallory
was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 10, line twelve, strikeout the. word u now," so that
the clause will read :
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to be disbursed
at the latcs authorized by law, (§5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
On the same pa^e, line fifteen, strike out the word
" now;" so that the clause will lead :
For survejmg the public land** in Washington Territory,
at the rates authorized by law, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means what will be the effect of this amendment
if adopted ? I will say that the fact that the Senate
proposes to strike out this word passes for noth-
ing with me, and T trust I may make that remark
without being out of order. When I look over this
bill and see that every item which was stricken
out by this House in committee, after full delib-
eration, has been restored by theSenate^and among
others that this item for the repairs of oil the fur-
naces under the old Capitol has been raised from
$150 to $1,000, as originally reported in this bill
when it came before the House, I say that the fact
of these amendments being proposed by that body
will go for nothing with me.
It was stated by a member of the Committeeof
Ways and Means, when this bill was under con-
sideration last in this House, that the expense of
repairing the furnaces under this wing of the Cap-
itol was paid out of the contingent fund of this
House, and that the expense of repairing the fur-
naces under the other wing was paid out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, and that it was the
opinion of the Clerk of this House that the only
necessity here was to make an appropriation for
