1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
oeing waged there must be, and the interests of
the border Ststes, anymore than ouis of the more
uOrthern States, do not admit of any settlement
which does not involve a restoration of the former
limits of the Union. But on what terms shall the
people of the rebellious States, or rather thatpor-
tion of the two or three hundred thousand slave-
holders which instigated and which upholds the
rebellion, come back ? "What do gentlemen pro-
pose? Are those seats which were vacated on the
eve of this rebellion, by men then, already, while
the oaths they had sworn to uphold the Consti-
tution were fresh on their lips, steeped to the eyes
in treason, are those seats to have the same occu-
pants as before? Are the men who come fresh
from leadership on the fields of rebellion, whose
hands are red with the blood of our sons and our
brothers, to come again on to this floor,and here,
again, under the protection of the Constitution they
have outraged and defied, to renew in these Halls
the contest which has disturbed the country for
more than half a century, and the bitter fruits of
which we are now reaping? How will the constit-
uents of gentlemen from the border States whose
homos have been desolated; how will the loyal
people of the North who have contributed of their
treasure and their lives so lavishly to put down
the rebellion, relish such a proposition ? For my-
self, I say—and in this I know that I represontd.ll
but an inconsiderable, a completely powerless mi-
nority of the people of the free States—while the
problems connected with our social and political
institutions were working themselves out in pacific
contests, regulated by legal and constitutional
forms, 1 was content to leave their solution to nat-
ural laws. Whatever might be our ideas, our pri-
vate convictions, we all felt bound to subordinate
our action to the precepts and the obligations im-
posed by the Constitution. When all existing
interests and relations are bound up in the invio-
lability of an existing compact, the responsibility
of disturbing it, of breaking up the foundations of
society, of unloosing the passions of thirty mil-
lions of people, and on tailing upon them the suffer-
ing and privation inseparable fiom a state of war,
is one which may well cause the most unscrupu-
lous partisan to shrink from pressing to the last
appeal any cause of difference.
The South, with no provocation, without even
a reasonable apprehension of any, has rashly as-
sumed this responsibility, ami 1 am for holding
the men who have instigated the act to strict ac-
countability. So far as those actively and volun-
tarily engaged in promoting the rebellion are con-
cerned, I hold that we come to the consideration of
the status to be assigned to them and their prop-
erty of whatever kind, as an entirely original
question. They having rejected all the lesources
of argument, having deliberately repudiated all
the obligations of the compact, and waged atro-
cious war, I am for o final settlement of the ques-
tions in dispute, one which shall leave no room for
a renewal of the struggle. The rebellious States,
by the very act of rebellion have forfeited all their
rights under the Constitution. The only laws by
w hich they held slave propei ty have become void,
so far as they are concerned, because of their re-
pudiation of the only authority that could give
them force.
But gentlemen will say that the people of the
southern States have been forced into rebellion,
that they have no heart in it, and that they will
gladly return to their allegiance if they are treated
with Jenny and forbearance. Bur the measure of
retribution contemplated by this bill is not for the
misguided people of the South, but for those who
have instigated, and who, after ite pucsage, shall
continue to instigate and to uphold it. i believe
that the great mass of the people of the South are
not disloyal except as they are deceived and mis-
led. It is only slavery that is disloyal; and we
propose to visit upon the abused masses only
mercy and forbearance, but upon the few who em-
body this disloyal power, exemplary punishment
in seizing their property, and upon their persons
it they shall be whhia our teach. Is there any-
thing in this to which any loyal man, whethei from
the border States or the more northern,can object?
If tiie decision of the question involved m this
bill embraced only ordinary interests, if the mat-
ter of slavery could be kept outof sight, I appre-
hend there could *be only one opinion on the maili
question involved, however we might differ as to
details. If the people of the Northwest or of New
country and to this House in which the people of
the extreme southern States stand, I apprehend
there would be no difference of opinion as to the
powers of the Government to hold the leaders of
the rebellion responsible either in their persons or
their property, which is all that is now proposed
with regard to the rebels of the South for their
crime. But why should there be this extreme
sensitiveness whenever the subject or the relations
of slavery are involved ? Is there any section of
the country which slavery has ever benefited ? Is
there any interest which its final overthrow would
prejudice ? What has slavery done for you of the
border States, that you should stand between it
and merited retribution? The facts developed in
the settlement of the western States bear me out
in the assertion that if the entire area on which
slavery exists could be swept clean of all inhabit-
ants, if it could be restored to the condition it was
in before civilized man set his foot upon it, and if
with this the very name of slavery could be made to
perish from off the continent, within twenty-five
years a larger white population than is now within
its borders would have carried thither the institu-
tionsandobserVancesoffreedom; that there would
be more that is valuable to humanity than now
exists there after the lapse of two hundred years
since some of the States within it were settled. I
say this without bitterness, not by way of taunt
or reproach, but in all soberness and kindness.
Again I ask Representatives from the border
States, what has slavery done for their constit-
uencies? What has slavery done for Missouri,
for Kentucky, for Tennessee, for Maryland, or
Virgin! a? The answer is, in part, under our very
eyes. The ravaged fields, the desolated firesides,
the ruined industries, which are the fruits of the
struggle of slavery, not for existence and protec-
tion, but for absolute, undivided sway over the
whole continent—these exhibit but a small por-
tion of its infernal handiwork.
But, Mr. Speaker, sad as are these to contem-
plate, they constitute but a trifling share of the
evil which slavery has wrought in some of the
fairest regions of this continent. What magnifi-
cent possibilities have been sacrificed or held in
abeyance in those Slates by the institution of sla-
very! They possess a soil unsurpassed by any
oil the continent for fertility, deposits of coal suffi-
cient to furnish motive power for the world, in-
exhaustible supplies of mineral wealth, and yet
the average valuation of land in Kentucky is only
one half what it is in Ohio. In Missouii, with
her incalculable mineral wealth, the average is
only one quarter what it is m Pennsylvania; in
Maryland only one third what it is in New Jersey,
while Virginia, with fertile valleys, with unri-
valed water power and rich beds of coal and
iron, is worth only one quarter as much per acre
as bleak, barren New Hampshire. Cold granite,
under the influence of free labor, is more valuable
than coal and iron under the influence of slave
labor. Jn no spirit of boasting or of unkmdness
I ask you to compare, or rather to contrast, the
general intelligence, enterprise,and comfort of the
lespcctive populations of the Statc-s named.
Supposing, then, that this bill were to affect—
and I do not deny that it will—the institution of
shivery in the bonier States unfavorably, are not
the people of those States ready to suciifice not only
property but life, as true and loyal citizens of the
Union ? But, i repeat, we ask no such dear testi-
mony of their fidelity. We have tendered them
entire immunity fiom loss m any event, and now
we ask them to join with us in all measures which
the salvation of the Union may render necessary.
They have now an opportunity to take their place
with the progressive communities of the North,
with full compensation for any temporary injury
to public or piivate mteiests which might result
from the change m their domestic policy. The
war which weighs and must weigh so disastrously
upon the industikil North and upon the States of
the exheme South, may be made the source of the
greatest benefits to them.
Why should not the people of the border States
rouse themselves to a sense of the magnitude of
the issues now presented, and rise to the exigen-
cies of the hour ? Why allow old prejudices and
associations to bind them down to a policy which
tlie events of the hist year have made antiquated >
If the rebellion be crushed, slavery comes out of
the contest mortally weakened. If it be success-
ful, do the people of those States believe that the
North will ever give up territory which has been re-
deemed at the cost of Springfield, Pea Ridge, Mill
Spring, Donclson, and Pittsburg ? Would they
desire that it should be given up ? Maryland has
pronounced herself for the Union overwhelm-
ingly,so has Kentucky,and half, at least, of Ten-
nessee. Supposing those States, then, to remain
with the North, how long would they be content,
when associated exclusively with our free Com-
monwealths, to lag behind m population, intelli-
gence, wealth, and influence—as they must, sla-
very continuing—their sister States ? Nay, how
long could they resist the influences from the free
States? Slavery could not, under these circum-
stances, diffuse itself. But there is no such thing
as standing still. Slavery and freedom are two
essentially, necessarily, hostile forces, and one or
the other must perpetually advance.
The fortunes and the fate of the people of the bor-
der States, by their own choice and by the force of
events mightier than they or we, then, are cast with
us of the free States, whatever may be the result
of this rebellion. Why should not their Represent-
atives on the floor of this House recognize and act
upon this fact in regard to this measure of confisca-
tion ? The measure is intended to relieve the loyal
citizens of all the States, free and slave, in some
degree from the burdens imposed by the war, and
to fasten them upon those who are responsible for
its existence. In this benefit all loyal citizens
share alike. The loyal citizen of Massachusetts,
of Kentucky, of South Carolina, has an equal in-
terest in the passage of such a measure. While
the loyal people of the country are sacrificing
property and life in the maintenance of the foims
of constitutional liberty, is it too much for them
to demand that those who are seeking to annihilate
them should be held responsible to the full extent
of what is periled in their defense?
Under what possible supposition, then, can it
be for the interest of the border States longer to
cling to the support of slavery? I lay aside in
this argument all considerations of humanity, i
believe, indeed, that humanity and the true inter-
ests of individuals and States are always coinci-
dent; but I waive all but the plainest considera-
tions of immediate interest, and on this ground
alone I hold that every possible supposition indi-
cates the policy of freedom as the true one, both
for the fiee and the border slave States. You say
that we are legislating for the negro; but if I were
indifferent to the rights and to the fate of the negro
race on this continent, my course would be the
same that it is.
My vote for the measure of emancipation in
this District the other day would be justified by
such considerations alone. For more than half a
century has slavery held undisputed possession
of this District: and here you may behold the
effects of slavery epitomized. In all this time not
one single branch of useful industry has spuing
up. With a genial climate suited to the produc-
tion of every kind of fruit and vegetable which is
grown in themilderregionsof the temperate zone,
the matkets arc supplied largely from remote dis-
tricts m the free States; large amounts of Federal
pationage are yeaily dispensed to, and m favor
of, residents, but few improvements are made;
schools and churches are fully half a century be-
hind the institutions of education and religion
even in.the rual districts of the free States. An
air of general unthrift pervades the town and the
surioundmg country.
I desire, sir, to see the capital represent fairly
the industry, the energy, and the enterprise of our
country; I desire to see arts and industries, intel-
ligence and culture represented here; and the
country surrounding us blooming undertlie hand
of the free laborer. Above all, 1 desire to see
labor respected, so that foreigners may see here
somewhat of what makes our national greatness;
so that my own constituents may feel themselves
at home in their national capital. Near this city
is one of the most striking illustrations of what
slavery docs for a community. Haidly a cannon
shot from this very spot is one of the most mag-
nificent water powers on the continent. From
that point a canal is already constructed, afford-
ing means of transportation to navigable waters
with a depth of fourteen or fifteen feet. At this
point is concentrated a power greater than dines
the wheels of all the cotton mills of New Eng-
land. Why is it that capital has shunned this
