778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
repairing the furnace under the old Capitol, and
that the sum of $150 was adequate to that purpose.
Upon that representation the item of $1,000 was
stricken out and the item of $150 was inserted in
place of it, and yet the bill comes back to us with
this item, among all the other extravagant and
needless items, inserted again in the bill.
It may be remarked, as a commentary on the
manner m which business is conducted here, as
an illustration of the reckless, not to say profli-
gate manner in which the people's money is voted
away in both wings of this Capitol, that we were
called upon the other day to pass an act providing
that four additional clerks might be employed in
the Navy Department. After that had been done,
the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, in a casual
interview which I had with him, expressed his
surprise at the enactment of any such provision
of law, stating, at the same time, that no additional
clerks were required in that Department, and that
they were at a loss to account for such a law being
passed by Congress. It subsequently turned out,
upon investigation, that a Senator happening to
be in one of the bureaus of the Navy Department,
the head of that bureau remarked to him in con-
versation .that they were rather scant in clerical
force, whereupon the Senator comes down to the
Capitol and proposes this provision of law, and
it passes through both Houses withouta question.
The necessity will very soon arise for taxing
our constituents to pay all these sums of money,
and I hope that gentlemen who have persistently
voteddown every proposition looking to retrench-
ment and economy, and have done it in a manner
which seems to indicate their intention to frown
down every attempt to economize and retrench
the public expenditures—I trust that these gen-
tlemen will not shrink from imposing taxes, and
let us go toourconstituents and see whether they
approve our acts. I will venture the prediction,
sir, that some who now sit here voting these ex-
travagantappropriationswillneverreturn to their
seats in this Hall.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York has hung the heaviest weight
upon the smallest peg that 1 recollect ever to have
witnessed. [Laughter.] The question is upon the
word " now," and he has not only spoken of now,
but of all time past, and the future forever. [Re-
newed laughter.] He has given us a lecture which
lias no more to do with the question before the
House than it has with the Japanese war. He
has got back to the question of the furnaces under
this Capitol, which we have passed upon,and has
read a lecture to the Senate because they have, in
an extravagant manner, as he says, inserted an
appropriation for heating the whole Capitol, in-
stead of agreeing to our appropriation to supply
the furnace under the old Capitol alone. We had
provided for the furnace under the old Capitol
alone, and they have provided for heating the
whole Capitol.
I did not hear the gentleman say a word against
striking out the word u now." The question be-
fore us is whether we will retain the word "now"
or not. I had expected some long philological
disquisition from tne learned gentleman upon the
word "now." Instead of that, we have had a
most excellent homily upon retrenchment and re-
form, winch I have no doubt will read very well
in his district; but, in God's name, what it had to
do in this House I do not know. [Laughter.]
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
After the word " dollars," in line one of page 11, strike
out the following proviso:
Provided, That no pai tof this appropriation shall be u>ed
in payment or liquidation of any sum duo on any existing
contract for engraving or printing bonds or notes.
Mr. HOLMAN. This, it will be remembered,
is the proviso which excited a good deal of atten-
tion in the House when the bill was pending.
The question is whether this money shall be ap-
propriated or not, to pay a deficiency resulting
from the engraving of the Treasury notes. I un-
derstand that a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury has been laid before the Senate,
showing that the money which has been expended
in carrying into effect those two laws has been
less than $300,000; some gentleman near me says
it has been only $168,000, according to the state-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury. We ap-
propriated by the two bills during the last Con-
gress, $300,000 for the engravingof these Treasury
notes. Now, it is proposed toappropriate $150,000,
to be applied upon the same contract, and the lim-
itation imposed upon that appropriation by the
House provided that the money should not be ap-
plied upon any existing contract. The Senate have
stricken out that limitation. If any new light has
sprung up on this transaction to show that this ap-
propriation should be made and applied to carry out
the existing contract, then, as a matter of course,
the House should concur in the amendmentof the
Senate. Otherwise,th^House should not do so.
I trust that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will explain to the House whetherany
new facts have been developed establishing the
propriety of appropriating the sum of $150,000 to
carry the old contract into effect.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the Secretary
of the Treasury sent a communication to this
House, which has been printed. It is a rather
long one, but it goes on to show all the particu-
lars of this contract; how it was made; for what
purpose it was made; and how much money has
been expended on it. I do not understand that,
when Congress makes an appropriation for a cer-
tain purpose, and that it does not cost the whole
amount, it is all necessarily expended. If a larger
sum is appropriated than is necessary, the balance
remains in the Treasury, and may be reappro-
priated. So it will be here.
I think the Secretary of the Treasury has fully
explained that this contract was not only made
in the best mode, and with the best faith, but that
it was also made with the best men, and atfifteen
per cent, lower than a contract of this kind was
ever made at before. I have heretofore said all
that I desired to say on this subject. I do not
care what the House may do in the matter, nor a
particle. The question is altogether between the
House and the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 have before me the com-
munication of the Secretary of the Treasury re-
ferred to by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. It shows that out of the ap-
propriation of $300,000, the sum of $223,705 1G
has been already applied. Of that sum, only
$100.6G5 58 has been applied for enguuing, print-
ing, and numbering the Treasury notes. I do
not perceive from this that the additional sum of
$150,000 is at all needed. On the contrary, there
seems to be over seventy thousand dollars of the
appropriation of last Congress still unexpended.
The only question is whether the money should
be applied to the existing contract or wheiher it
should be applied—as it will be if this data be re-
liable—to woilc to be hereafter done and to con-
tracts to l>e hereafter made.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am not sur-
prised that this amendment has been made. When
the House adopted, by a very decisive vote, the pro-
vision which is now recommended to be stricken
out, 1 entertained no doubt but that the influences
and circumstances which succeeded m producing
the contract which was the subject of debate here
at the time would succeed in restoring the very
provision as it was uiijrinally leported. I have
no doubt that it will become the law. I have not
been unobservant of the fact that this thing would
ultimately go through the House—however de-
cided the House might have been at first in its
convictions of the propriety of its action.
I am not going to ofter much further opposition
to this appropriation. I desire, however, to put
on record here something concei mng it, and then
leave the House toact as "it thinks proper. I trust
it is not necessary for me to repeat here what
I have said in the debate touching the question;
that I have seen nothing in the whole tiansaction
which impugns the integrity either of the Secretary
of the Treasury, or of Mr. Cisco in New York.
What little investigation it has been in my power
to make since, with the letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, just alluded to, all confirms mo
in the statement which I then made, and induces
me to repeat it here, once for all, that I believe
the Secretary of the Treasury and Mr. Cisco have
done what they supposed to be their entire duty
in this matter, and that no blame xests at the door
of either.
But, sir, I desire to call the ^attention of the
House, before it is entirely too late, to this mat-
ter of engraving, for it does seem to me that the
legislation of the House touching it is of a char-
acter which should arrest attention—not alone as
to the amount of expenditure, but as to the man-
ner of the expenditure. Allow me, however, in
passing, to call the attention of the House to the
latter section on the first and second pages of this
communication, in which the Secretary of the
Treasury sums up the expenses of the engraving
thus far. There has been already expended for
engraving, printing, and paper, $137,809 46. He
says:
"in addition, there will he further demands for about
§3,000,000 m value of United States notes, and for
{§50,000,000 of registered bonds, now in course of printing
by the National Bank Note Company."
The Secretary has not been so definite as was
desirable, and has not been able to inform the
House what would be the cost of printing these
$50,000,000 of bonds. If it costs as mu&h to en-
grave and print $50,000,000 of bonds as it does to
engrave and print $50,000,000 of notes, then it is
apparent that we must add $137,809 46 to the
amount already expended.
I observe, however, one other item of this ex-
penditure which is without explanation, and to
which I ask the attention of the House. The
item is this: " For commission to subscription
agents, $35,905 84." I am a little curious at this
time on the subject of commission. Perhupsitis
a weakness of mine; but I would really like to
know just exactly what this commission business,
here appearing again, means. It is cropping out
everywhere in all the departments of the Govern-
ment. If it be really a good system, let us have it
standing out plain and definite, so that we can look
it in the face and understand what it is. What
means the item " for commission to subscription
agents, $35,905 84?" This is all the light we
have about it thus far. I complained to the House
a few days ago that subordinates had so arranged
matters that this contract was made with parties
without sufiicientcompetition. The answer made
to me at thfrtime, and substantially repeated in
the document now before the House is that these
banknutecompanies—theNational and theAmer-
ican—were the only properand responsible parties
in .the country capable of doing this work. A
gentleman, whose name was brought in connec-
tion with this contract by the evidence before the
committee, repeated here at that time, was criti-
cised very severely in the debate. At one time he
was styled a myth, and at another time an im-
postor. The complaint, however, and the sole
complaint against him at that time seemed to be
that he was not incorporated, as if it was incon-
sistent with honesty and truth and respectability
in the city of New York to be without an act of
incorporation. Two things, it is true, are neces-
sary in this contract: one is skill,and the other is
ability. Since that debate took place, however, I
have the satisfaction of knowing that in the other
branch of Congress the question touching that
man has beci} settled, and it has been shown that
he has all the necessary skill. We are informed
by a distinguished Senator, as reported in the
Globe, that:
No other parties applying for the contract, and I be-
lieve then; wme but two other.-, appealed to present the
same qualification*. One of them, i believe, had skill, but
had not capital: a gentleman repie>eutin2 what was called
the New York Bank Not': Company—m fact he was pres-
ident, diiector, and company himself; hut lie had not the
neec—ary capital and means tofuini^i these notes with the
pioper di--patch, and to give perieet .security to the Govern-
ment while they were in Jii< cu&tody."
So the debate has settled the question that there
was a man of sufficient skill, if he had only had
cap'tal. That this American Bank Note Company
has capital, I doubt not; for it is a fact that itcon-
sists of nine bank note companies consolidated
into one. If anybody wants to know why they
are consolidated into one, it is because he has very
little experience in the objects and purposes of con-
solidating nine into on'e. It interferes very much
with competition. It has a tendency to raise prices.
It facilitates contracts. There was a little com-
petition for this contract, growing out of what was
called the National Bank Note Company; and it
did succeed in getting away from this consolidated
company of nine a small portion of the engraving.
I send to the Clerk's desk a newspaper paragraph,
winch shows the steps taken to obviate any dif-
ficulties on that score hereafter.
The Clerk read, from the New York Express,
| February 1, 1862, as follows:
j " A meeting of the Ameiiean Bank Note Company was
11 held ycfcteiilay, to consider the policy of buying out the
j | National Bank Note Company, and running it as an oppo-
II sition concern. Should this be done, a thorough monopoly
