1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
sidered a fulfillment on the part of said railroad companies
of the piovisions of this act in regard to the construction
of said line ot telegraph. And in case of disagreement, said
telegraph companies are authorized to remove their line of
telegraph along and upon the hue of railroad hciein con-
templated without prejudice to the rights of said railroad
companies named herein. And the lailroad companies
telegraph shall be confined to the business of the railroad
companies, and the transmission of messages for the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and shall not enter into com-
petition for the commercial business: Provided, Said tele-
graph companies shall furnish pioper and sufficient facilities
for the transaction of their proper business.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not know exactly the
order to be pursued, but I am opposed to the latter
part of that section, commencing after the word
" herein," in line seventeen, and I move to amend
the amendment by striking out all after said word.
The Senate will obsetve by glancing at the section
that it vests a somewhat extraordinary power in
the present telegraph company; a power that I
am unwilling to see it possess. It puts it in their
power to dictate to the railroad company the terms
and conditions on which they shall use the present
telegraph line, and if they do not accept their terms,
the railroad telegraph is limited in the use of their
line to their own messages and such messages
as the Government may desire to send over the
wires.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will permit me to
say that I was just going to call the attention of
the Senate to this provision. I was not present
in the committee when it was adopted, though I
strongly objected to its adoption to the president
of the telegraph company at whose instance it was
proposed; but, instead of striking it out, I-think
we can adopt a better provision, and I have pre-
pared a proposition authorizing the President to
appoint a board of arbitration to determine the
terms on which the lines of these companies shall
be united, and we might perhaps have some use-
ful provision in that.
Mr. LATHAM. That docs not reach what I
want. I should like very much to see another
telegraph across the continent; and as the railroad
company in this bill will be compelled to construct
a telegraph line, I should like to see the two lines
in competition.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator thinks that wise,
very well.
Mr. LATHAM. I think so, decidedly.
Mr. CLARK. I am decidedly opposed to this
proposition as it stands here.
Mr. LATHAM. I have still another reason
that induces me to make this motion. I regret
very much that when the bill was passed giving
the present telegraph company across the conti-
nent its subsidy and privileges, more stringent
provisions were not put in the bill, for I have no
hesitation in saying, and I think I speak the voice
of the people I represent, when 1 say that a more
illiberal company—not to use a harsher term—
does not exist on the face of the earth. Congress
has given them a subsidy of $400,000; the State
ofCalifornia has given them a subsidy of $60,000;
and they will not send a dispatch on public busi-
ness from the Governor of California to the dele-
gation upon the floor of Congress without com-
pelling us to pay the full price. During the past
winter, it became necessary for the Governor of
the State, under instructions of the Legislature, to
send a dispatch to the delegation, and after it got
to this end it was copied four times, and a bill
brought against my colleague here and each of my
colleagues in the other House and myself, and
we were required to pay five times for a single
and the same dispatch to the delegation jointly.
Not one of us can send a dispatch across that line
relating to the public interests of all the constitu-
ents whom we represent, and who are taxed now
$60,000 as a subsidy to the line, without paying
the full price in advance, orguaranteeingthe same,
as if it was a private dispatch.
There are other instances to which I mightcall
the attention of Congress, showing that this com-
pany does not deserve at the hands of the Gov-
ernment any additional special privileges beyond
those they already possess, and if I had it in my
power, I would curtail what they already possess,
and I certainly am not willing in this bill to give
them authority to dictate to the railroad company,
and to say, " accept our terms, buy us out, or else
you have got to confine your telegraph which you
must build, to the Government dispatches and to
your own private business, and we will monopo-
lize the whole commerce that is to be brought
across the continent by the completion of this great
work."
Mr. CLARK. I inquire of the Senator from
California if he had not better move to strike out
all of the section after the fourteenth line, so that
if they cannot agree on the terms on which they
are to build the line of telegraph, they should not
be permitted to go there at all and have a quarrel
about it.
Mr. LATHAM. I accept that suggestion, and
move to strike out all after the thirteenth line.
The words which I propose to strike out are:
And, in ease of disagreement, said telegraph companies
arc authorized to remove their line of telegraph along and
upon the line of lailroad herein contemplated without pre-
judice to the rights of said railroad companies named herein.
And the railroad companies' telegraph shall be confined to
the. business of the railroad companies, and the transmis-
sion of messages for the Government of the United States,
and shall not enter into competition for the commercial
business: Provided, Said telegraph companiesshall furnish
propei and sufficient facilities for the transaction of their
proper business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not in favor of the
amendment to the amendment. The existing tele-
graph company entered upon a great experiment,
and have expended some five or six hundred thou-
sand dollars, and whether it will be a paying in-
vestment or not is altogether an uncertain thing;
and if now in creating this railroad you authorize
them to run a telegraph precisely over the same
line, and not only to do business for their own
road and for the Government, but to enter into
competition for private business, it will destroy the
existing company. There is a want of that kind
of faith which the Government ought to kepp with
that company. We gave them the privilege for
ten years. They have had the enterprise and
perseverance to go through with it, and bind the
two parts of the continent together by a telegraphic
line, and although you may say that they got some
advantages and some privileges and some monop-
oly of the business 
Mr. LATHAM. Allow me to state to the Sen-
ator that the president of the company informed
one of my colleagues in the other House, now by
my side, that the line was already a remunerative
one, and there is no reason why it should not be,
for they take nearly the last cent a man has got
in his pocket to pay for their dispatches. They
make the most extraordinary charges, and the
most singular dodges are resorted to, I am credi-
bly informed, for the purpose of increasing their
charges. The law limits them to three dollars for
a dispatch of ten words. If you send a dispatch
to the town of Placerville, one of my colleagues
tells me, at the foot of the mountains, instead of
delivering the dispatch there, and getting three
dollars, they send it clear through to San Fran-
cisco, and then send it back from San Francisco
to Placcrville, so as to get an additional charge on
the dispatch. So if you send a dispatch to Ne-
vada Territory, my colleague [Mr. McDougall]
says, for whicli the law limits them to three dol-
lars, they send it to San Francisco, and then send
it from San Francisco back to Nevada Territory,
so as to get eight, or ten, or twelve dollars out of
the intfividual to whom the dispatch is sent. If
they cannot make money at that rate, I should
like to know on what basis they can. They are
making money now. It is a remunerative com-
pany, quite as much so as any telegraph company
on this continent, comparatively speaking.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The line has only recently
been completed, and so far, I understand, the
stockholders have received but one return from
the receipts of this route. I remember that when
the bill was before the Senate I struggled to put a
limitation on the company, and I did succeed in
putting on a limitation that they should notcharge
more than three dollars for a dispatch across the
continent, because I was afraid of the monopoly
at the time; but when the privilege has been
granted, and you have given them a monopoly of
the business for ten years, when you are creating
another great monopoly, a great overshadowing
monopoly, the greatest ever conceived in this
country, and with powers greater than any other
monopoly ever had in this country, will you give
them the power also to wipe out the existing tel-
egiaph company which has been constructed, for
that will be the effect of your amendmer-t?
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will state to the Senator
that the bill which gave the subsidy to the present
company contains no provision that no other tel-
egraphic company should subsequently be char-
tered. They have not got a monopoly, but on the
contrary, if I recollect ai'ight, there was ah express
provision that any other company might build a
line. They sought a monopoly stxch as- is con-
tained in this section, but Gongress woujd not
give it. Congress gives them the $40Oj0OO, even
if fifty other lines should be constructed across the
continent;and so the State ofCalifornia gives them
$60,000, no matter how many other lines may be
constructed, but there is nothing to prevent the
construction of other lines.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out the word
"company" in line seven, and insert "and
branches." I suppose the word " company" has
been inserted inadvertently.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think it should be
" railroads;" add the letter "a" to the word "rail-
road,"and strike out the word "company."
There is evidently a mistake in the printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antho-
ny.) The amendment of the, Senator from Iowa
is in line seven, to strike out" company" and in-
sert "and branches."
Mr. HARLAN. And also in line eight, after
the word " roads" to insert " and branches."
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifica-
tions will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I also propose in line ten,after
the word " railroad" to insert " and branches."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. The amendments reported by the
committee are now passed upon, and it is in order
for individual members to move such amendments
as they see proper. I desire to move an amend-
ment: to insert two additional names on the com-
mission. I move, on the 2d page, in line twenty-
eight ofthefirst section, after the name of" Henry
H. Baxter," to insert "George W. Collamer
and "Henry Keyes."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a similar motion to
make. In line twenty-six, of section one,among
the names from Massachusetts, 1 move to insert
" Edward Tinker."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AVILSON, of Missouri. After "Arm-
strong Beatty," in line fourteen, I move to insert
" John Corby."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. At the end of the words
"New York," on the 1st page, seventh line, I
move to insert the names of " Ephraim Marsh and
Charles M. Harker," of New Jersey. They are
gentlemen of high character, of business habits,
who have had great experience in the construc-
tion and management of railroads and other public
works.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line twenty-eight, after
" Dunning," I move to insert " John M. Wood,
Edwin Noyes, and Joseph Eaton."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe we are through
with the committee's amendments,and I think we
had better now adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let us insert the names
that Senators desire to add.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection, but
I think these individual amendments had better
come in to-morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. I have two names to propose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not insist on my mo-
tion now if the Senator from Connecticut wishes
to offer an amendment of that kind.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to insert the names
of "Augustus Brewster and Henry P. Haven," of
Connecticut.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move after "Davis,"
in line thirty-seven, to inseit "Josiah Miller."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. After "Carver," in line
six, I move to insert the name of "Benjamin F.
Camp."
The amendment was agreed to.
