J862.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of bailIc note engraving will be established, and the Govern-
ment be lountfly subsidized. The piivate profits of one
man in this concern mu^t, under the Government contract,
&e enormous. The owner ot'the 'gieen tint' gets five dol-
lars per $1,000 of notes printed with it.3'
Mr. DAWES. So the nine will probably be-
come ten iu a short time, and there will be none
of these troublesome interferences. Therefore I
think \vc will have skill and capital combined.
I want to say to the House that this man who
is " whistled down in the wind," is indorsed as
having sufficient skill if he only had the capital.
But it so happens that he furnished to Mr. Cisco,
as security, the very men who were on his own
bond. Therefore it follows thatif those men were
of sufficient responsibility to become bondsmen
for Mr. Cisco as Assistant Treasurer, they are a
sufficient guarantee to insure the performance of
this contract or any part of it. But Mr. Cisco
was not aware of the fact that these bondsmen
were the same as his own, and of course is not
responsible for it when he says that this man
was without the ability to perform the contract,
for this contract with the American Bank Note
Company was completed before this man, who
was waiting for his information here in Washing-
ton, at the Treasury Department, got to New
York, and had the opportunity to present his case
there. How Mr. Cisco became aware of his skill,
or how the distinguished Senator became aware
of it, I do not know, bccause the specimens which
he carried into the Treasury Department, when
he made his offer, were put into a box by a sub-
ordinate in the Department, and laid away. He
addressed a note to the Secretary of the Treasury
asking the privilege of presenting his specimens
and his security for the performance of the con-
tract, if he should receive it. And the Secretary,
with that integrity which distinguishes everything
in reference to the transaction of his business,
indorsed upon the back of the note,*" I shall be
happy to see you and your specimens at any
time." It was put in an envelope, and although
he was at the Department every day importuning
for an opportunity to visit the Secretary with his
specimens, he did not get the note back again for
four days, and then by way of the post office; but
when he went there, he was informed that all this
matter had been transferred to Mr. Cisco, at New
York, and that he must go there to make any
arrangements in reference to it. He called for his
specimens which he had been promised by the
subordinate in the Department, but they were in
the same box in the same closet where he had
originally put them. So that it is a mystery to me
how the distinguished Senator was able to say he
had the skill, for they are in the box to-day.
Now, sir, 1 said that the manner of the perform-
ance of the engraving was a matter of serious im-
portance. But I see, when I come to read the Treas-
ury note bill that passed here the other day,some
provisions in it that a little surprise me. One was
the calling in of the §50,000,000 of Treasury notes
now extant, and the substituting in their place
$50,000,000 of others. Of course we have got
to pay just as much for the engraving of that
$50,000,000 as we have for the $50,000,000 that
are now out; and I do not know what that is for
exccpt—. I do not know what it is for, and I will
stop there.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. With the consent
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, I will state
that 1 introduced a substitute for the Treasury
note bill, containing this identical provision, in
the words in which it passed the House. The rea-
son of that was that the form of the Treasury
notes that I proposed was totally different from
the demand notes which purport to be payable, on
demand, in gold and silver, but which are not to
be paid. That was adopted in the substitute of
thegentlemanfromPennsylvama,[Mr. Stevens.]
The other §100,000,000 authorized are payable to
bearer, without specifying any time. They are
payable, therefore, on demand precisely the same
as the $50,000,000 now out. And I am equally in
doubt and perplexity with the gentleman from
Massachusetts why that $>50,000,000 are to be
called in, when there is no real difference in the
character of the notes except in their form.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I will explain the reason.
When the first §50,000,000 were issued, they were
paid out expressly to be redeemed at the sub-Tieas-
uries when presented, and the publicso understood
it. When this House bill passed I wished to hold
|! out no such understanding as that, when it was
' perfectly understood that no such understanding
can be complied with.
Mr. DAWES. I believe there is nothing on
the face of these notes that renders that necessary.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. They are payable,
necessarily, on demand, according to law.
Mr. STEVENS. They do not say so.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The law says so.
Mr. DAWES. Nevertheless, it will not hurt
the American Bank Note Company, and, there-
fore, it will not be very likely to find any serious
attention out of the House.
But, sir, another thing struck me in that bill.
And here let me say that I gave the bill my vote. I
was not here when it passed, but I give to every
measure of this Administration that has not my
positive conviction that it is in conflict with the
Constitution of the United States my support,
whatever it is, to carry on the war. But, sir,
there is an express provision in this hill that even
the signatures may be engraved. Yes, sir, the
signatures of the officials of the Government at
Washington are to be engraved, or may be en-
graved. The language of the bill is " written or
engraved." That,sir,in connection with the other
matters of engraving,itdoesseem to me, offers the
most astounding premium to counteifciters ever
offered in any bill.
Another provision, and a provision in the con-
tract which has been presented to us, is that these
parties who mak^ this engraving can keep for their
own use the dies with which the engravings are
made. So that, although they cannot put on the
same dies and make precisely the same figures in
anything else, they can use the same dies m any
other arrangement or combination they please,
such as to transfer the head of Hamilton to the
left corner, and the head of the President to the
right corner; the eagle at the bottom, and the mer-
maid, or whatever it is, to the top, so that the
whole plate has not the same general arrangement
and appearance.
Sir, this American Bank Note Company, this
company of nine, had before the rebellion a branch
in New Orleans, using precisely the same dies
that are used by this American Bank Note Com-
pany in New York. Aimostevery one of the dies
that are used by tjiis American Bank Note Com- ;
panyin the present impression are dies that are ;
used upon bank bills that are used all over the land. I
There is nothingnow in the three separate impres-
sions of Treasury notes except the head of the
present President ofthe United States, who stands
in the place of the past President in the old notes.
In the lives, that magnificent figure on the left hand
is on the printed labels of a patent medicine made
in New York or New Jersey, and sold all round
the country. It comes from this corporation. The
contractwuh them for the engraving ofthese plates
stipulates that the dies out of which theyarc made
shall be their property, to be still used by them 1
in other plates. Now, sir, I desire to present to
the Uouse a little testimony on this subject, which
I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clcik read, as follows:
[From the Woild, April 3S, 1861.]
Sfiizurcof Steel Plates foi 7') casury Notes of theConfederate
States.
The confrdciate State nuthoiitics, nor satisfied with ob-
taining the bulk of their fighting outfit m tins euy, ananged
for plates to isMie treasiuv notes to constitute the mupws
ot the wai Yesterday, United States Deputy Marshall
Beibch and Ilmton made an nnpoitant seizure of koimc ol
the plates ordriecf, as follows:
One bond plate, lor $'50 note?.
One bund plate, for #1<;0 note^.
One bond plate, for $.">00 notes.
One bond plate, for #1.000 note*. 4
Ton bond plates, for £50 and $100 notes:.
Font bond plates, for §50, #10i), $500, and $1,000 notes.
The above weie found at the office of the Ameiican Bank
Note Compaiu. The officer of the company state that
they ceased ppntuig fiom them as soon as the Provident'-*
proclamation was issued. The informer against them asseits
that thev were being punted horn as late as tour days ago.
An houratrei the above seizure, the United States, deputy
m<it*hals entcicd the office of the National Hank Note Com-
pany, and took into their keeping two plates of canceled
treasury notes of the southern confedeiaey, of the denom-
inations of #50, #100, $.">00, and #1,000.
The engraving of the platen is of the host quality, and not
unlike the United States Treasury notes now in circulation.
The presidents of both companies are held to await inve>-
tigatson in the matter.
Mr. DAWES. Now, sir, I am not making any
charge of treason against these men. They, I be-
lieve, seek to justify themselves for their conduct
on the ground that this was before the proclama-
tion of war was issued by the President, and that
they then ceased printing from the plates. Well,
sir, some of the very dies upon which these Treas-
ury notes are printed were ill the possession of
the branch of this firm in New Orleans, and are,
I suppose, now being used by them in printing
notes for the banks there, and in printing the treas-
ury notes of the confederate States. It arises from
a defectin the contract. It is that the United States
permit these men to keep and own these dies,
and to multiply combinations to their heart's con--
Jent,. They claim a great deal for the green tint
upon the back of these notes. They receive
twenty dollars, minus fifteen per cent., when they
pay the laborer for doing it a little over one dollar,
and they justify themselves upon the ground that
they are bound to pay five dollars out of their
twenty dollars to the owner of the patent of the
green tint, because that is a preventive of coun-
terfeiting. Now, the owner of this patent for the
green tint is the president of the company. He
gets five dollars in that way.
The green tint, sir, is a superlative humbug.
So long ago as 1857 it was submitted to a test by
a committee of the associated banks of the State
of Massachusetts, to see whether it was useful
for the prevention of counterfeiting; and also to
the test of distinguished chemists m the city of
Boston. They reported against it as ridiculous
and an unsafe matter to put confidence in as a pre-
ventive against counterfeiting. I remember in my
own district that a bank was persuaded to give up
all of its old plates, and take new engravings with
a red tint upon them, from this very company.
They took them home in fancied security—their
ones, and their threes, and their fives; but before
they got to the lives in their issue, $10,000 of
counterfeits upon that bank, in the similitude of
the tinted fives, was spread in one day all over the
eity of New York. The counterfeit had gone in
advance of the genuine fives. Thus it is with this
green tint.
The difficulty arises in giving to this combina-
tion of nine, at, any price, the entire control of this
matter. Here are notes of different denomina-
tions. Why cannot they be engraved and printed
atdifferent establishment if those establishments
can furnish properand sufficient security ? Why
cannot the notes payable at different places be of
different engravings? Why have them all alike
—all engraved in the same way from the same
plates and from the same dies and of the same
tints, so as to make the counterfeit of one the
counterfeit of the whole; thus, perhaps, to compel
lis, in the course of three months, to call inevery
one of them because some eounteileiter has suc-
ceeded in imitating this impression, and bccause
when he haseounterfeited one he has counterfeited
the whole of them?
I object to this contract, as I said before, and I
am compelled to repeat it, because 1 find what I
said before, covered as it was all along by protes-
tations that I meant no reflection upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury or Mr. Cisco, pronounced in
the other end of the Capitol as a vile libel; I ob-
ject to this contract because it was made uifder
circumstances, without any fault in the Secretary
or Mr. Cislo, that call upon us to stop it if we can.
Fin thcr, I object to the continuance of this engrav-
ing in this manner, as this appropriation will cer-
tainly secure it, in the hands of one company,
because the manner in which they do the work,
the manner in which the contract permits them to
do the work, is an invitation to counterfeiters as
well as to enormous profits.
Mr. Speaker, there are men in New York, men
in Boston, and men in Philadelphia who are icady,
if they can have the opportunity, to furnish secu-
rity for the performance of this contract at half
the price which has been paid. I put it upon the
record that there are men in the city of New York
above suspicion in their moial character, and ca-
pable of furnishing security sufficient for the per-
formance of any portion of this contract winch
might be intrusted to them, at fifty per cent, less
than what has been paid under this contract. If
that be cheap, as compared with the price now
paid, it is but as a drop m the bucket to the sav-
ing that would be made upon this mighty issue of
§150,000,000. But the manner in which these
notes are furnished is independent of the cost. It
is a criticism of the bank men, who understand
how it is that counterfeits are made, what arc the
temptations to counterfeit, and what are the facil-
