1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
General Fremont issued his proclamation declar-
ing the slaves of certain persons in Missouri free,
the President of the United States fell back upon
that legislation and commanded General Fremont
to make his proclamation conform to the act of
Congress.
If you pass an act of the same kind to-day, I
think I hazard little in saying that, instead of its
strengthing the military arm or fortifying the Presi-
dent of the United States, it will be found, in the
end, to have defeated the very object which you
have in view in passing it; and that, judging of the
future by the past, the President of the United
States will turn it into an act of weakness rather
than of strength. Sir, I wish him to discharge his
duties fearlessly and fully, and I do not want him
to impose them on me. I have never assumed
them. I am not willing that he shall avoid the
weight of the responsibilities which he willingly
incurred when he took his oath of office*, and I,
for one, intend to hold him to them. U would
be comfortable, indeed, if, under trying circum-
stances, we could relieve ourselves of such bur-
dens.
It will be easily seen, Mr. Speaker, that ? am
opposed in principle, to all bills providing for the
seizure and confiscation of the property of men
engaged in this rebellion. That is not because I
do not think they ought to be punished, for I
know they ought to be, and I insist that they shall
be. Their cume is one of the highest known in
civil Government, and I desire that they shall be
punished to the extent of the law, civil and mili-
tary. It is rather because I believe the law is
stronger as it now stands, than it would be if we
tinkered with it by our legislation. In other words
I believe that the military arm, in such a crisis as
the present, is longer and stronger than the civil
arm, and that military process will teach where
civil process will not. My opinion has been here-
tofore—and I do not know that I ought aC this
time to change it—that such a declaration as I
proposed by way of amendment yesterday, would
accomplish everything that we desire. I thinlc
that wi tii this expression of opinion as to his power,
the Presidentof the United States would discharge
his whole duty, and that where it was proper for
him to seize, and finally dispose of property of
the enemy, he would do so.
Now, sir, 1 do nut say in that amendment or in
the joint resolution, that the President of J he Uni-
ted States has a right to seize and sell the leal
estate of a rebel and to make to the purchaser a
fee-simple or an indefeasible title. I say nothing
of that kind. I do not say that he may seize the
slave, and liberate him unconditionally. I say no
such thing. 1 say that he may seize and finally
dispose of property, leaving the character of that
disposition to him, with his law advisers I say
that he may seize the property of rebels, and dis-
pose of it, either by holding it for a day, or for a
week, or for a month, or for a year, or for five
years, or during the existence of the rebellion—
receiving the rents, issues, and profits of the real
estate, using the personal property for war pur-
poses, and employing the negro in the fields or in
(he camp. 1 have no manner of doubt, nor do I
believe that any reasonable man here has a doubt
on that point. But with respect to the absolute
sale of this property, that is a very ditto rent ques-
tion. It is one which 1 do not undertake to settle.
I leave it for the President to ascertain, under the
best lights that he can secure, what his duty is m
that, regard.
It would he well, perhaps, to entertain more
confidence in the President of the United States
than I have expressed this morning. Ho may be
deserving of more confidence than I myself feel in
him. But it will beobseivod I entertain much
more than some otheis, as I am willing to trust
him further. I am satisfied, whatever my meas-
ure of confidence may be, to trust him further,
with the decUwition of Congress, solemnly made,
that he has all the powers necessary in a state o(
war; that he is not merely a civil magistrate, but
that he is a military leader, and, to a considera-
ble extent, a military despot, if you please; that
there is no act not inconsistent with the laws of
war or with the punciples of Christianity, which
he may not do, in order to save the Constitution
and the Union. This being all that I desired to
say, I will, in aeeoidance wish my promise to the
gentleman from Now York, [Mr. Olin,] renew
the call for the previous question.
Mr. DIVEN. I hope the gentleman will in-
dulge me. I am a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee with himself, and every member of that
committee except myself has had an opportunity
of expressing his views on this subject.
Mr. HICKMAN. I give up the floor to the
gentleman from New York, at whose instance I
made the motion. *1 obey his will, and could not
do otherwise in good faith.
Mr. CRITTENDEN also sought the floor.
Mr. OLIN. We have already heard two mem-
bers of the Judiciary Committee, and if I were to
yield the floor to any one 1 should certainly yield
it to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STEVENS. I had hoped to have an op-
portunity of submittingafew remarks on this ques-
tion of reference before it was disposed of.
Mr. OLIN. Let me make one remark. Every
member of the House who is expected to speak
on this subject of slavery would, I have no doubt,
debate this question of reference if he had an op-
portunity to do so. What I desire is, to let the
gentlemen opposed to, and in favor of, the refer-
ence of this matter to a special committee—some
one or more on each side of the Hoti^e, if there
can be said to be two sides in this House—speak
upon it; but I do desire above everything else that
this question shall be disposed ofin a proper mode,
for the present, so that we may proceed to some
other subject of legislation. I think it eminently
due to the House, to the Administration, and to
the country, that some remark should be made in
reply to the very extraordinary speech of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman;] but
I forbear even that. 1 will, however, yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Crittenden,] if
he desires to speak on the subject of the reference
of this question. But I hope and trust that debate
will be confined to the topics ordinarily to be
treated of on a question of this kind. I withdraw
the call for the pievious question, and hope that
the gentleman from Kentucky will renew it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, if I failed
to ask the indulgence of the House to address it
on this subject, I would have felt that I had not
entirely acquitted myself of my duty. Of all the
great questions that have presented themselves
for our consideration, this 1 regard as the most
momentous. I have considered that the adoption
of such a measure as this, authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States, and making it his duty
so to do, to declare that all persons held to ser-
vice in "the United States shall be free, would, m
the present condition of affairs, be perfectly fata!
to this Republic. 1 believe it would continue and
exasperate the war, and make it fatal to the coun-
try. For its preservation we are striving. Let
us not, out of over-wrought zeal, and in a spirit
of mere passion and \indictiveness, do things
that would defeat our own object. J do not be-
lieve that there is a gentleman here who does not
honestly desire a restoration of the Union m all
its extent, and with all the blessings which it has
heretofore shed on the country. I believe that
wo have a common object in view. Is it not, then,
of all importance in this great and arduous strug-
gle—the issue of which appears doubtful to some
—that we should continue, as far as possible,
united ? Are we not all agreed that, without this
confiscation measure, we have the means of sup-
pressing this rebellion ? I think we are. Is there
a gentleman here who thinks that, with the army
we now have, and with the army we can have,
we are not able to suppress this rebellion, and le-
store in all their majesty the Constitution and the
laws? I think there is no one here who doubts
that.
If we have the means then, in the use and em-
ployment of which we can all agree, why should
| gentlemen insistupon prosecuting other measures
,1 about which we differ, measures of doubtful con-
j stithtionality and doubtful policy ? Why insist
upon ihein when it must be at the expense of a
division amongst ourselves, and a division of the
country? Why insist upon such measures, I say,
when we are ready to agree, and have agreed upon
measures which, m the judgment of all of us, are
competent to accomplish the object desired? Why
insist upon them, I ask you as statesmen and men
of honor? Why should wc differ about non-
essentials when we are agt eed about the essentials?
The essential object is to restore the Union, to
vindicate the law, and to cause its authority every-
where to be respected. To accomplish this, we
have the means agreed upon, and means in the
use of which we are united. And yet there are
some who insist upon the adoption of other sup-
plemental measures which they consider proper,
but the adoption of which will certainly separate
and divide us not only in opinion, but divide us in
feeling, and which will divide the whole country.
Why do you do that when the country demands
the union of every hand in the restoration of the
Union? Is there any policy, any statesmanship
in it? What are the motives that prompt a party
in this House to adopt these ultra, extraordinary
measures? There is, I repeat, no policy in it.
But, Mr. Speaker, I regret this measure as to-
tally and entirely unconstitutional—without the
semblance of constitutionality. It authorizes the
President to manumit every slave in the Union.
Where in the Constitution do you find the power
to do that? You have agieed that Congress has
no power to do any such act. You have agreed
over and over again that you have no power to
interfere with slavery in the States. Has the Pres-
ident a power which Congress has not? The
President has no legislative power. We are vested
with the legislative power of the country, and we
ourselves have agreed that we have no suc^power.
It would be strange indeed to look for such a
power, which is a legislative power, in the hands
of the President. The honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] argued that the
President had the power in himself, without any
authority from Congress. Well, sir, it is clear
that you cannot delegate to him any such power;
for if you have no power yourselves to interfere
with slavery within the limits of the States that
have authorized it, you cannot, of course, delegate
such a power to him, nor would he be authorized
to exercise it were you to attempt to delegate it.
How is it then that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania discovers or argues that the President of the
United States has been a coward because he had
not, without any legislation, performed this act?
Now, gentlemen, I beg you to reflect that we have
not considered with proper solemnity even as yet
the condition of the country. We have not felt
the great consequences of the present troubles.
We must preserve the Constitution, and at the
same time we must put down the rebellion; and
there must be no interference between our duties
in these two respects. I say that the Constitution
is our strength, and it is by the strength of the
Constitution and in your own patriotism that you
will find the means by which this rebellion is to
be overthrown.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman will allow
me a moment, I wish to make this inquiry: sup-
posing a resolution had been introduced into this
House that the President had no power to appoint
a Governor over a State 
Mr. CHITTENDEN. That is no case in point.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I beg the gentleman will al-
low me to finish my question. 1 say suppose the
House had passed such a resolution, would the
gentleman hold that the President had no right,
under the present circumstances, to appoint An-
drew Johnson Governor of Tennessee ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I mean no discourtesy
to the gentleman, but I cannot be diverted from
my course of argument at this moment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania discovers
that the President has this po>ver under the oath
he has taken. I never supposed, nor have I in
any foiruer instance heard, that the oath taken by
the President conferred any power upon him in
addition to that conferred by the Constitution.
Who ever looked to the oath to find the power oi
the President? The Constitution itself has spe-
cifically enumerated the powers of the President
which are recognized as belonging to him; and
when that is done, when all these powers are enu-
merated, then the Constitution prescribes the oath
the President shall take to perform the duties pre-
scribed for him. His oath is to see that the laws
are faithfully executed. And the Constitution,
among those laws, is of the highest authouty.
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania says the oath
of the President gives him power to do everything
necessary to suppress the rebellion. * What then
becomes of those provisions of the Constitution
which undertake to specify precisely what powers
the President may exercise, and that lie shall not
be allowed to exercise any others? If, as the gen-
tleman says, in taking hi3 oath he is required to
use whatever means are necessary to suppress the
