2,762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
- Mr., ANTHONY. I move to insertthe names
Of "Walter S. Burgess, of Rhode Island, and Ben-
jamin H. Cheever, of the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
■ Mr. HOWE. On the thirty-first line I more
after "Sterling-" to insert "John Thompson,
Elihu L. Phillips, and Walter Mclndoe."
< The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. Some names have been handed to
jjne by gentlemen who desire them to be inserted,
and I can vouch for til e character and respectability
o£ the gentlemen whose names are proposed to be
inserted. I know them both. I move to insert
"Orville W. Childs, Alexander J. Bergen," of
New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. LATHAM. I move to insert the names
of "Louis McLane and George W. Mowe,"of
California; and " Benjamin Holiaday, D. CT. Bar-
ney, and S. DeWitt filoodgood," of New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill on
page 13, section eight, by striking out the words
commencing in line six, after the word "and," to
the word "thence," in line nine. The words
which I propose to strike out are, " at the term-
ination of the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and West-
ern railroad and telegraph line, as herein provided,
to meet and connect therewith as herein pro-
vided;" and in lieu of these words I move to in-
sert, " at a point to be fixed by the President of
the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a verbal amendment
in line four, section nine, on the same page. I
move to strike out" in conformity with their char-
ter from said State."
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will not be
adopted. If they are going to build a road, lhopc
they will build it according t.o their charter.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to state that a copy of
the charter as read by mo provides for various
branch roads, provides that the road shall com-
mence in the city of Lea von worth, on the Missouri
river, and run to the western boundary of the
State. Itprovides for a southern road to run down
towards the Gulf, as well as a northern load, and
gives them the power to build branch roads, I be-
lieve, in every county in the State through which
the line may be located. I do not know how much
may be granted, or what may be conferred by
Congress requiring them to build a railroad in con-
formity to that charter. There are some limita-
tions in the charter, also, which I think the Sen-
ators themselves would not desire to have become
the law of ihc land by an act of Congress. For
example: they are only entitled to one hundred
feet,I think,along the lino of the load, while this
bill contemplates that four hundred fect shall be
given, two hundred on each side of the road. It
seems to mo it is not the province of Congress to
provide for the execution of the laws of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. This provision as it now
stands in the bill docs not provide for any such
thing. We do not provide for building any
branches of their road not named in the bill. The
Leavenworth and Pawnee company, to be sure,
have a right to build branches, but fheygct noth-
ing from the Government, and we do not desire
hero to deprive them of any right. All the bill
says is that where the Governmentgives them tile
money they are to build according to their char-
ter. 1 think they ought to build according ta their
charter. Pora company to build not in conformity
to its charier is certainly very inconsistent, and
wherever they have a right under the charter to
build wc do not want to deprive them of that right.
Where the Government does not give ihem any
aid, let them build then road if they can; all that
wc say here is, that where they build under the
provisions of this act they shall conform to their
charter.
Mr. McDOUUALL. I concur with the Sen-
ator from Iowa. There is no meaning in this
provision after ail. Our authorization to build in
conformity to their charter gives them no privi-
lege. It is only a limitation at best.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care much about it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 agree with the propriety of the
amendment, not because I think there'is no mean-
ing in it, but because I fear there may be too much
and it may hinder and impede the progress of this
road. 1 would propose not only to strike out
those words, but I would propose to insert in ad-
dition, and perhaps the Senator from Iowa will
agree with me, "obtaining theconsentofsaid State
to build this road as herein provided," because wo
go into the State and undertake to authorize them
to do it within the State. I presume the State of
Kansas will give them leave, and that will avoid
all question as to interference of jurisdiction.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree to that.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. I do not think it is ne-
cessary for us to legislate on that subject.
Mr. CLARK. I think you had better have the
provision in, for I am sure you will have a discus-
sion in the Senate whenever that question comes
along, and this will obviate all such difficulty.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa; but this company desire to commence the
road at Kansas City before our Legislature meets,
and they cannot get consent until the Legislature
meets
Mr. POMEROY. They do not want the con-
sent there. It is at the other end.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from New Hampshire will withdraw his portion
of the amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I do it now because the Senate
is not full, but I shall move it to-morrow when
the Senate is full.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
to strike out certain words. If that is carried it
will be competent to move to insert other words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARIC. I suggest to the Senate that
unless there is some important amendment, or
some amendment they desire to have voted on m
committee, we let the bill now be taken out of
committee and come into the Senate, and the
amendments that there is no dispute about be
concurred in, and then adjourn, and to-morrow
when we have a full Senate, bring up the amend-
ments which are disputed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that I will
yield to the suggestion of my friend from New
Hampshire, but there is an amendment which I
intended to offer in the committee, but I can wait
and offer it in the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I have several amendments,
some of them important amendments, but I do
not propose to take the time of the Senate with
thom now.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire whether it would not be
advisable to have the bill printed to-night, with
all the amendments that have been made?
Mr. CLARK. The amendments have been
printed.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on concurring with the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole. The
question will be put upon all the amendments in
the aggregate, unless certain amendments are in-
dicated foro separate vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the question fs about
to be put, the bill being now out of committee, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mi. CLARK. 1 suggest that we might as well
adopt now those amendments about which there
is no question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It will take some time to
pick them out. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 17, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read nnd approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the Secretary of War;
war department,
Washington' City, J> C . June 14. 1852,
Sir: A resolution of the flou^c of Representatives lias
bri>u received, which pas-sed the 9th mutant, to tho follow-
ing effect:
Rach <?</, That the Scciotary of War he directed to in-
form this House if Goneial Hunter, of the depaiimenf of
'fiith OUrolina, h<n oigmized a regiment of youth Umofina.
volunteers lor the defence of the Union, composed of black
men (fugitive slaves) and appointed the colonel and other
officers to command them. 2. Was he authorized by the
Department to organize and muster Into the Army of the
United States as soldiers the fugitive or captive slaves? 3.
Has he been furnished with clothing, uniforms, &c., for
such forcep 4. Has he been furnished by order of the De-
pal tment of War with aims to be placed in the hands of
those slaves? 5. To report any oideis given said Hunter,
and correspondence between him and the Department."
Jn answer to the foregoing resolutions, I have the honor
to inform the House—
1. That this Department has no official infoimation
whether General Hunter, of the depai tment of South Caro-
lina, has or has not organized a regiment of South Caro-
lina volunteers for the defense of the Union, composed of
tilack men, fugitive slaves, and appointed the colonel and
other officers to command them. Tn ordet to ascertain
whether he has done so or nor, a copy of the House resolu-
tion has been transmitted to General Hunter with instruc-
tions to make immediate report thereon.
2. General Hunter was not authorized by the Depart-
ment to organize and muster into the Army of the United
States the fugitive or captive slaves.
3. General Hunter, upon his lequisition as commander
of the Soutlj, has been furnished with clothing and arms
for the foiee underhis command, without instructions as to
how they should be used.
4. He hasnotbeenfurnished, by order of the Department
of War, with arms to be placed in the hands of "those
slaves."
5. tn respccttosomuch of said resolutions as directs the
Secretary "to report to the House any oiders given said
Hunter, and correspondence between him and the Depart-
ment," the President instiucts me to answer that there-
port, at this time, of the ordeis given to, and correspond-
ence between General Hunterand this Department, would,
in his opinion, be improper and incompatible with the pub-
lic welfare.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Galusiia A. Grow,
• Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to lay the com-
munication on the table. I shall call it up at some
convenient time and show the evidence upon which
I predicated the resolutioncalling for misinform-
ation. 1 have a list of all the officers.
The communication was laid on the table,and
ordered to be printed.
LAND DISTRICT IN NEVADA.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 442)
to establish aland district in the Territory of Ne-
vada, and for other purposes, and that the same
may be put upon its passage.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CRADLEBA.UGH. I hope the gentle-
man will allow this matter to be attended to, as it
will consume but a few moments.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The
regular order of business is a call of the commit-
tees for reports.
PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. DUNN, from tho Committee on Patents,
reported back, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 365) to amend
an act entitled " An act to promote the progress of
the useful arts."
The substitute was read, as follows:
That fiom and after the passage of this act the three ex-
ammers-in chief cieated by the act of March 2, 1861, to
winch this is additional, shall notconetitute an independent
tribunal in the Patent Office to revise and determine upon
the validity of the decisions made by the Commissioner of
Patents in the refusal ot letters patent, oi in interference
cases, bur that the dunes of said rxamineis-in-chief shall
be only advi-oty to the CommiSMonei of Patents, who shall
piescnbe mles lortheiraction. And after tho second rejec-
tion of an application for a patent, or after one decision by
the Commissioner, in cases of interference, the party who
may bo dissatisfied with such decision may appeal there-
from to ei'tliei of the judges of the circuit court for the
Dif-ti ict of Columbia
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That every patent shall
be dated as of a day not later than six months after the time
at which it w as passed arid allowed, and notice thereof sent
to the applicant or his agent. And if the final fee for such
patent be not paid within the said six months the patent
shall be withheld, and the invention therein described shall
become public propel tv, as against the applicant therefor :
Provided, That in allcase-? where patents have been allow ed
previous to the passage of this act, the said six months shall
be reckoned from the date of such passage.
See. And be it further enacted, That so much of sec-
tionseveuof the act entitled ;*An act to piomote the prog-
ress of the useful art->,51 approved July <1, 183(5, as requires
a renewal of the oath, be, and the same is heieby, repealed.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That wheieas the fall-
ing off ot the revenue of tho Patent Office lequired a re-
duction of the compensation of the examine)-' and clerks
in the office after the 3Ut day of August, 18f>i, that the
Commissioner of Patents be. and he is hereby, authorized,
whenever, m his opinion, the revenue of the office will
justify him in so doing, to pay them such sums, in addition
