1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
rebellion, and, among others, to confiscate and
liberate all the slaves held under the laws of any
State, if, in his judgment, it may be necessary to
the suppression of the rebellion, why was not that
power conferred upon him expressly in the Con-
stitution as a legitimate means of suppressing the
rebellion? Why not give him unlimited power to
execute any rebel who may be taken, without
waiting for the judgment of any tribunal, civil or
military?
Sir, the gentleman totally mistakes the Consti-
tution of the United States. The President's oath
to support the Constitution of the United States
is no more than his oath to support it by the ex-
orcise of all legal and constitutional powers that
have been conferred upon him.
Mr, HICKMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, I would like to ask a
question. I ask whether the arrest of the mem-
bers of the Maryland Legislature and other citi-
zens suspected of treasonable acts, without posi-
tive evidence of the fact, is, in his opinion, entirely
illegal and without warrant—whether the Presi-
dent in these matters acted arbitrarily ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is my opinion that
he did; but, nevertheless, it is the opinion of the
Attorney General, and one of the most eminent
jurists 1 have known in the country, that under
the language of the Constitution giving authority
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus the President
himself may do it in time of rebellion. That, how-
ever, was not my opinion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would like to ask the hon-
orable gentleman another question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot stop to answer
it. The honorablegentleman, whose intelligence
and independence I tespect, however much 1 may
differ with him in opinion, is totally wrong in as-
suming that the President has the right to do
whatever is necessary to suppress the rebellion.
I deny any such authority. What power would
that give him? It would make him a despot.
Nothing more, nothing less. His oath is to see
that the.laws arc executed and the rebellion sup-
pressed.
Now, suppose a court does not sit, has the Pres-
ident, under the pretext of seeing that the lows
aie duly executed, a right to sit in judgment and
go on with a ease? If the clerk is dead, has he
the right to issue an execution ? If the sheriff will
not act, has he the right to take the writ in his own
hand and go and execute it? Under the power
conferred, as the gentleman says, he is, by his
oath, bound to see that the laws are enforced.
Such an interpretation as the gentleman has in-
sisted upon would subvert the Constitution. The
oath which it provides that he shall take, is to do
such things as the Constitution and the laws re-
quire. He has to appoint judges when Congress !
passes laws for the establishment of courts. He
has to appoint judges and marshals, and to do all
the things which the laws, under the Constitu-
tion, may demand. When he has done all these
things, he has done all that the Constitution ex-
pects of him. The President has no right, he has
no more power than any other man, as a general
thing, to seize property in slaves or any other
description of property. This bill, sir, not only
authorizes the President of the United States to
take the property of lebels, but it also authoiizes
him to take the property of every man who may
own slaves. I do not stand here to discuss the
question of the merits or demerits of slavery. It
is no part of my purpose to make an argument
with reference to the moral and religious aspect
of slavery. That is not the question now before
the House. I look upon itas a matter settled and
determined by the great compromises of the Con-
stitution. If those compromises had not been
entered into, the present Government would not
have been established. 11 was necessaiy that there
should be an agiecment between all the Stotes in
reference to this question of slavery, and that there
should be a constitutional provision m regard to
it. Under that Constitution the States have a
right to decide for themselves m reference to the
question of slavery. They have decided, and you
have no right to interfere with their decision by
any legislation which you may make here. You
have confessed that over and over again.
This bill, sir, proposes to interfere with that
property in the >Sutes. Let us look at it as prac-
tical men. Theie aie some States wh«*u> slavery
exists not in this rebellion at all. Therearesome
States whose laws forbid any free negroes within
their limits other than those there at the time of
the passage of those laws. Now, can you, contrary
to the laws in those States, turn all these emanci-
pated slaves into their midst? Can you do the
things provided for in this bill in reference to slave
property without violating the Constitution of
the United States? You certainly cannot, unless
you adopt the argument of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who finds the ground for
liberation of these slaves in the Constitution itself,
or rather in an amendment tcf the Constitution,
which provides that no person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, hut by a judgment of
his peers, by due process of law. The .honorable
gentleman from Ohio is of the opinion that since
the foundation of this Government, these slaves
have been unconstitutionally deprived of their
liberty. That at least was his argument. Now,
so far as my experience goes, that piovision of the
Constitution was designed for the protection of
slave property as well as for the protection of
every other kind of property. The Constitution
considers slaves property,and Congress under the
Constitution has considered them as property.
The gentleman from Ohio, however, rises up in
this House, and denies that there can be any prop-
erty in slaves. I tell him that slaves are recog-
nized as property by the Constitution, and by the
law, and that under the Constitution, and under
the laws, I have the same right to be protected in
that property as he has to be protected in any
property which he may possess. This protection
of my property m slaves was intended to be se-
cured by that provision of the Constitution which
declares that no man shall be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property, but by due process of law. Let
it be recollected thatGeneial Washington, and all
your good and great men who signed the Consti-
tution, held slaves. General Washington held
them, so did every gentleman from the southern
States. They all held slaves at the time they framed
and signed the Constitution of the United States,
and they continued to hold them after it had gone
into operation. Now, with what color of reason
can we applaud the name of Washington ? With
what color of reason can we make it our national
boast to have had such a man who could sign an
instrument declaiing slaves to be free, and then go
right home and stili continue to hold them in ser-
vitude ? The proposition is a monstrous one. I
trust, on more consideration, the able and intelli-
gent gentleman from Ohio will withdraw the ar-
gument which he has advanced on this subject.
I am glad to see the doctrine is not adopted m
this bill which came down to us from whatisde-
nominated, in parliamentary language, the other
House. It was there urged by a learned debater
that you can forfeit a man's property without a
judicial proceeding. By some sort of legal trick
"it is proposed to utterly strip a man of his prop-
erty without any judicial proceeding; yet it is
called a proceeding in rem By machinery of that
sort the Constitution and the laws are to be set
aside. If all that has been urged in behalf of this
doctrine be sound doctrine in reference to these
proceedings in rem, and then going to work as you
would in a prize court, of what worth or value is
the Constitution for the protection of property? j
If by a legal trick, if by the use of a few Latin ,
terms, you can deprive propeity of its protection |
under the Constitution, then what a miserable pre-
text it is that the Constitution affords any pro-
tection at all. This doctiine seems fo have em- !
ployed all the ingenuity of its author in devising j
the machinery by which it is to be carried out. I j
cannot, in justice to the subject, express myself
in milder terms. In what 1 have said 1 meant
nothing personally disrespectful to the gentleman
to whom I have referred. ,
I say that the security of property is a great
object to be accomplished ui every Government. ,
It is a great object to secure to the owner the un-
disturbed enjoyment of his property. It is neces- !
sary for the prosperity of any Governmenr, for
peace and harmony, that every man who acquires
property shall feel that he shall be protected in ,
the enjoyment of it, and m his right to hold jt.
It elevates the man; it gives him a feeling of dig- j
nity. It is the <jreat old English doctrine of lib- j
erty. Satd Lord M.msfieldj the ram may bear |
against the cabin of an Englishman, the snow !
may penetrate it, but the king dare not enter it ,
■ without the conscnt of us owner. That is the !
true English spirit. It is the source of England's
power. The doctrine to which I have referred
would deprive property of all protection. By
these proceedings m rem, a man would be stripped
of his property in violation of all the safeguards
of the Constitution. It would make a slave of
him. You would not make a pauper of him, you
would make a slave of him. I am for adhering
to this great principle, this magnificent old relic
of the English law, that no man shall be deprived
of his property but by due process of law. It
has been translated into our Constitution, and let
us hold to it. It is our great constitutional se-
curity for the protection of the rights of prop-
erty, and do not let us lightly part with it.
I appeal to gentlemen on all sides not thus, at
one blow, to destroy the right which citizens have
in their property. Let not this monstrous injus-
tice be done to them. The Constitution provides
that they shall not be deprived of life, liberty, or
properly, except by the due process of law. Do
not let us violate that sacred provision, but, on the
contrary, let us hold to it to the last. All have
property to a greater or less extent. These laws
are our castles, our defenses, relying upon which
kings, lords, and commons dare not enter upon
our propci ty and take it away without our con-
sent. Those rights exist by the laws of the land,
and those laws we are to make. Let us be care-
ful to make no laws, no rash legislation, which
reduces the idea of property. It is forbidden by
the Constitution. The idea of property is deeply
seated in our minds. By the English law and by
the American law you have the right to take the
life of any man who attempts, by violence, to take
your property from you. So far does the spirit
of these laws go. Let us not break down this idea
of pioperty. It is the animating spirit of the coun-
try. Indeed, it is the spirit of liberty and free-
dom, and its inculcation will give you a setof men
against whom no rebellion can succeed unless you
break it down in attempting to suppress this re-
bellion. You have no need to do that. You have
means now ample. No man will say we have not.
We have men now, with arms in their hands,
ready to do it, and able to do it; and yet, not sat-
isfied with that, you pretend that there is a neces-
sity for this. Under a pretended necessity you
undertake to break down the law, the Constitu-
tion, and property.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunnt] and
other gentlemen who have made objections to this
j law of confiscation, have stated the misery it would
bring upon innocent mcmbeis of society, con-
nected with the rebellion. Gentlemen have ani-
madverted with severity upon this sympathy for
rebellion. Sympathy with rebellion! With a
strong insinuation that all sympathizers with re-
bellion participated a little, more or less, in the
guilt of the ciime.
I toll you how I consider this question. I con-
sider what it is for our interest to do, and for the
country's interest. You might exhaust your means
ofpunishmentupon them, and yet the punishment
would not exceed the guilt. But look at i he whole
matter, and not at one side of it. How long will
it take, threatened beforehand, to accomplish the
confiscation of all the property of the country be-
longing to citizens in loyal States ? Would H not
be bad property; would it not be a losing busi-
ness? As the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Olin] happily said, it would tempt these men to
be more desperate; to continue the struggle longer;
to shed more of the blood of our true and loyal
! fellow-citizens. Would not that be the inevitable
]i tendency and consequence of such a measure?
I1 Tell these men that they may stand a chance to
;j succeed if they persevere, but if they surrender
i! they shall be hung. Is that an inducement to peace
or an inducement to continued war ? No one can
doubt about the influence of it. It is foi our own
sake, and for the sake of that for which we are
waging this war—the suppression of the rebel-
lion—that I am opposed to (his measure. I think
it is bad policy, and one tending to protract this
war and make it very fierce and bloody. It cannot
be a peace measure; but it will make this a war
1 of extermination. Do you want to invite that
1 sort of a war? We have been a pattern to the
: world, and you want, after a proper establishment
; of your authority by force, to bring hack your
! country blooming and smiling once again. If that
: iss not your object, your object is not a patriotic
one.
