1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
Committee of Ways and Means of this House re-
fused to put it in the bill, in the first instance, not
being quite satisfied that it is wholesome legisla-
tion to appropriate one half more than the original
amount appropriated; and they have, therefore,
recommended that this amendment be non-con-
curred in.
A Member. If we do not pay it, will the Pres-
ident have to pay it himself?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose so.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask if this is the only appropriation
in the bill for the same purpose?
Mr. STEVENS. I think there is another ap-
propriation of about six or seven thousand dollars,
to pay a bill of Carryl & Brother, of Philadelphia,
for furniture, and another claim of about two thou-
sand dollars for chandeliers, &c.; making, in all,
some fourteen or fifteen thousand dollars.
Mr, LOVEJOY. I wish to inquire whether this
deficiency is a new matter, or whether they have
existed heretofore when such expenditures have
been made?
Mr. STEVENS. They have been usual here-
tofore; and Congress has generally been very easy
in making up the deficiencies.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, i wish to inquire whether there is any
law authorizing this expenditure, or any appro-
priation authorizing the appropriation?
Mr. STEVENS. I have stated that there was
an appropriation of $20,000 for this purpose; but
the expenditures have exceeded the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man that that was the ordinary appropriation for
this purpose ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; butithas been very
general to exceed the appropriation. It was done
in the case of Mr. Buchanan to the amount of
§8,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was it done last year?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; it was done on the
incoming of Mr. Buchanan's administration; but
I do not think it is a ^ood precedent to follow; and
the Committee of Ways and Means have there-
fore recommended non-concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannotfind any such amount
appropriated for last year. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether this amount is not an expenditure
not authorized by law, and for which no appro-
priation has been made?
Mr. STEVENS. I think I have answered that
question sufficiently already.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I think that there
is one thing that ought to be taken into considera-
tion by the House, in voting upon this amendment.
There have been precedents in the past for what
is now asked tobeappiopriated. Alltheold mem-
bers know that adherence to the appropriations
made for refurnishing the White House has been
more honored in the breach than in the observ-
ance. I regret, with other members, that the ap-
propriations have been exceeded, and wish that it
could be prevented in every case. But this does
not go into the pocket of the President. These
articles go into the Executive Mansion, andbelong
to the country. I admit that the appropriation
ought to have been rigidly adhered to. Yet, it
has been exceeded before. In fact every man who
has ever built or furnished an extensive hou.se ex-
ceeds his estimate of the cost, and can scarcely
avoid it. The appropriation for refurnishing the
Executive Mansion was exceeded about -eight
thousand dollars, as I learn, at the opening of the
administration of Mr. Buchanan. I suppose the
White House was fitted up in a style that was
deemed proper for the residence of the Chief Ma-
gistrate of the Pvepublic; and if disappropriation
is not made, then the President will have to pay
this bill. With the important business pressing
on him at the opening of the Administration, it
is doubtful if he had much time to superintend this
expenditure closciy.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand it as being
alleged that the appropriation was exceeded during
the administration of Mr. Buchanan?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; the appropriation
was o \ <'rru n £,8,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 find that the amount last
year was onlv $6,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I refer to the beginning of
Mr. Buchanan's administration, after his inau-
guration. Every four years, at the opening of an
Administration, this appropriation is made for
refurnishing. The appropriation was then ex-
ceeded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Clerk to read a par-
agraph from one of the New York daily papers.
Mr. WICKLfFFE. What paper is that?
Mr. HOLMAN. The New York Herald.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. We ought to pay no re-
gard to articles of any kind that are published in
that paper.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Strength of the Administration in the Senate.—
The vote on Senator Wilkinson's motion in the Senate to
strike out fiom the House bill the appropriation of $11,000
for extra expenditure in the improvement of the White
House is regarded as a test vote of the strength of the Ad-
ministration and Opposition parties in the Senate. It shows
an unequivocal Administration majority."
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not believe, Mr. Speaker,
that the Administration has planted itself upon
any such ground as that upon any appropriation
for any purpose not indispensably required by
the public interest. 1 do not believe that this
appropriation will be regarded as a measure of
policy upon which the Administration will take its
stand. I shall be loth to believe that the gentle-
men who cooperate with this Administration will
take any such view. So far as the war policy of
the Government is concerned, I have given it my
humble support from the beginning; but, sir, I
do not care to tolerate the idea that any sum of
money shall be expended under these circum-
stances, unless it is indispensably necessary and
has been legally appropriated. I have looked
back into the records of the House, and I do not
find any instance where before so large a sum has
been appropriated for the purpose of adorning,
with elegant furniture and other trappings, the
mansion of the President. I admit that the White
House is now more elegant and more richly fur-
nished than I have ever before seen it.
The appropriation was exceeded in the admin-
istration of Mr. Buchanan, we are told, as a rea-
son for this appropriation. 1 hope that an ap-
propriation, made in a timeofprosperity and peace,
and under an Administration which has been so
often denounced as extravagant beyond parallel,
will not be adopted for imitation when the coun-
try is crying aloud through the representatives of
the people for retrenchment and reform. I hope
that this appropriation will not be passed; for if it
is, we all know that it will be another tax to be
wrung from the already hard pressed labor of the
country. ®VVe know that this money was not au-
thorized to be expended, and I hope, as a matter
of principle, if for no other reason, this appropri-
ation will not be made.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended a non-concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate; and as the House
seems disposed to agree with that recommenda-
tion, I do not really see what he has to complain
of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thank the gentleman from
Tennessee My remarks were in reply to those
of my colleague. I congratulate the country, I
congratulate the Army, and I congratulate the
House, that the Committeeof Ways and Means is
at lastgomg to make a stand in behalf of the labor
of the country, which is threatened with such op-
pressive taxation by reason of extravagant appro-
priations.
Mr. COLFAX. I agree with my colleague in
that part of his remarks where he said that the ex-
penditures ought not to exceed the appropriations.
But I will state again what has been generally un-
de i stood and what has been stated by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that it has
been the usage to exceed appzopriations of this
chaiacter to some extent. I regret that it has been
.so, and I wish to say to my colleague that I should
be glad if by some positive law we could require
that hpt^aftrr not a cent should be spent beyond
the appropriations.
But my colleague read a paragraph from the
Washington correspondence of "the New York
Herald, and said that he did not believe what it
alleged. If I were to have read a paragraph say- j
ing that he were faithless to his trust here, and ;
thru were to declare thatldid not believe it, would
he not take exception to that? I think he would. |
Mr. HOLMAN. This paper has a wide-spread ;
cuculation, and it has been charged by other j
papeis with being the organ of th'is Administra- I
tion. That statement is manifestly not true, and
I wanted to show the falsehood of it.
Mr. FENTON. Was riot the gentleman's ob-
ject the laudable one of vindicating the Adminis-
tration from the praise or censure of the New
York Herald?
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that that was
my object. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. I have nothing to say about
the newspapers. My name has been criticised
very considerably in them of late. I rise simply
forthepurposeof statingthat these appropriations
have been made under the superintendence of the
officer i n charge of the repairs at the White House.
I do not suppose that the President has had time,
in the multiplicity and gravity of his executive
duties, to examine them, to see how much carpet-
ing, &c., was neccssary, and whether the ex-
penditures would exceed $20,000 or not; and if
Congress does not pay this money, the President
will have to pay it himself. That is the whole of
it. The money was expended upon the White
House, and not for any private purpose. The
furniture is there. It belongs to the nation, as the
house does. The President cannot carry it away
with him. I do not make these remarks with any
hope of reversing the recommendation of the
Ways and Means, but simply to explain how I
suppose this expenditure was incurred, and the
reason why the Senate decided to pay it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
there has been in this House a beautiful display
of what is sometimes called a mutual admiration
society. Mr. Chase has been most soundly abused
and most completely admired. Gentlemen, too,
seem to be anxious to become leaders of the Ad-
ministration, and to champion the fame of the
President, and yet they send up scurrilous para-
graphs from the New York Herald to be read
against him and his administration.
What is this amendment? It is a little matter.
It seems that in refitting the White House the
expenditures exceed the appropriations. It has
been stated by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that the last Administration
exceeded the appropriations on this matter $8,000.
The exoess in this Administration is $11,000. My
friend near me says that there are also some out-
standing bills against this Administration to the
amount of $3,000, which will make the whole
amount $14,000. This is for the purpose of fitting
up the presidential mansion, and it will stand
against the President unless this appropriation is
made.
What is it that is complained of? It is a pre-
text. It is seeking an occasion to make a stab
against the Administration. It is a mere barking
at the heels of the Administration. Is there agen-
tleman who has said that this expenditure was not
proper and necessary ? Not one. Then let this
clamor cease. I say that the White House, al-
though it is now better fitted up than it has been
for years, does not in its appointments come up
to what the White House, the residence of the
President, ought to be. It does not equal many
of the private mansions in the country. If there
has been an improper expenditure there, I am
against this appropriation; but it is not alleged
that this expenditure was improper. The articles
that have been furnished are theie,and belong to
the Government. They arc for the use of the
Government; and yet, if this appropriation be not
made, the President will have to pay for them him-
self, as he will do, like an honest man.
Mr. OLIN. I took occasion some few days ago
to enter my protest that the House should spend
its time wrangling over small appropriations at
an expense vastly beyond the whole appropria-
tion itself, while affairs, such as the history of the
world never before beheld, demand the attention,
and the sole attention, of Congress. I regret to
find that in a Congress like this, its principal
employment has been debating at great length,
and wrangling over small matters that would not
probably employ a district school committee half
an hour to dispose of. Now here, in an appro-
priation bill, it is ascertained that in the expendi-
tures made by one of the agents of the Govern-
ment for fitting up the presidential mansion, the
property of ihe Genera! Government, he exceeded,
as has been frequently done before, as has been
universally done before, so far as my observation
extends, the appropriation made for that purpose,
and immediately some picayune politician, ambi-
