THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
. Mr. SPATJLDTNCr. I withdraw my first mo-
tioft, an& move that the further consideration of
dfe territorial business be postponed to, and made
the special order for, Wednesday next.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The demand
Treasury note bill was made the special order for
this dayand every day thereafter until disposed of.
The "SPEAKER. But it was made a special
order subsequent to the territorial business.
Mr. Spaulding's motion was agreed to.
- Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
certain bills from the Senate, for reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ALDRICH. Let us go to the Speaker's
table, and take up and refer all of the bills from
the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will consider the proposition of the gentle-
man from Minnesota as being agreed to.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
POLYGAMY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House bill of the
House (No. 391) to punish and prevent the prac-
tice of polygamy in the Territories of the United
States and other places, and disapproving and an-
nulling .certain acts of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Utah—reported from the Sen-
ate with amendments.
The SPEAKER. The hill and amendments
will be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to these
bills being taken up for reference. There is no
necessity for the reference of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The order has been made.
- Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the order was made-,
and on that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill, of
Vermont, and Olin, were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes sixty-eight, noes not
counted.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the request for unanimous consent that the House
Eroceed to the Speaker's table and take up the
ills thereon for the purpose of reference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
By unanimous consent the following bills and
resolutions were taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred as indi-
cated below.
DAVID G. JTARRAGUT.
A joint resolution (S. No. 83) of thanks to
Captain David Gr. Farragut, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men under his com-
mand—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CREW Off THE YARUNA.
A jointresolution (S. No. 85) to compensate the
crew of theUnited States steamer Varuna for cloth-
ing and other property lost in the public service-—
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
SECOND LIEUTENANTS OE MARINES.
A bill (S. No. 306) to regulate the appointment
of second lieutenants of the marine corps—to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
A joint resolution (S. No. 80) authorizing the
State of Minnesota to change the line of certain
branch railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses—to the Committee on Public Lands.
ISSUING OF PROCESS.
A bill (S. No. 291) providing for the issuing of
process to, and service of the same, by indiffer-
ent persons—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ENCOURAGEMENT TO ENLISTMENT.
A joint resolution (S. No. 88) to encourage
enlistment in the regular Army and volunteer
forces—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and a resolution of the
following tales', which were subsequently signed
by the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 495) providing that the offi-
cers of volunteers shall be paid on the pay roll of
the regiments or companies to which they'belong;
An ac^ (H. R. No. 474) to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue American registers to
certain vessels;
An act (H. R. No. 499) making appropriation
for postal service on post-routes established at the
present session of Congress; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) transferring the
supervision of the Potomac water works to the
Department of the Interior.
MESSAGE IF ROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (No. 343) to provide addi-
tional medical officers of the volunteer service; in
which the concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate disagree to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 413)
making appropriations for the payment of the
bounty authorized by the sixth section of an act
entitled "An act to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property, approved July 22, 1861,
and for other purposes," and ask a further con-
ference on said disagreeing votes; and that they
had appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Wilmot, and
Mr. Powell members of such committee upon
the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate agree to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
241) to change the location of the port of entry for
the Puget Sound collection district.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. SPAULDING-. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of taking up the Treas-
ury note bill.
The motion was agrc^ to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
187) to authorize an additional issue of United
States Treasury notes, and for other purposes,
reported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means,with an amendmentin the nature ofa sub-
stitute.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move to dispense with
the reading of the original bill, and that the sub-
stitute be read.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
The original bill was then read.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to Mr.
Baily to print some remarks upon the subject be-
fore* the committee. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
The substitute reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means was read, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Trea^iuy to hereby authorized
to issue, in addition to the amounts heretofore authorized,
on the ciedit of" the United States, $150,000,000 of United
States notes, not bearing interest, payable at the Ticasury
of the United State?, and of such denominations as he may
deem expedient, not less than tivedollai<; and .such notes
shah be receivable in payment of all loans made to tiie Uni-
ted States, and of all taxes, internal duties, excises, debts,
and demands of every kind due to the United States, ex-
cept duties on impoits and interest, and of all claims and
demands against the United State.-, except forintciest upon
bonds, notes, and certificates of debt or depo.sit; and shall
also be lawful money and a legal tender m payment of all
debts, public and puvate, within the United States, except
duties on impoits and interest, as afoie?-aid. And any holder
of said United States notes depositing any sum not less
than fifty dollars, or some multiple of fifty dollars, with the
Tieasuier of the United States, or eithn of the Assistant
Treasmor*, shall jeeeive hi exchange therefor duplicate
ceitificates of deposit, one of which may be tiansmitted to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall theieupon issue to
the bolder an equal amount of bonds of the United States,
coupon or legisteied, as may by said holder be desned,
beaiing interest at the late of six per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually, and icdeemable at the pleasure ot the
United Plates after five vear<, and payable twenty years
fiom the date thereof. Ami the Secretaiy of the Tieasury
may exchange foi such notes, on such terms as he shall
think mo=t beneficial to the public interest, any bonds of the
United States bearing six per cent, interest, arid ledeemable
after five and payable m twenty years, which have been or
may be lawlull) issued under the provisions of any existing
act; may icissue the notes so received m exchange; may
receive and cancel any notes heretofore lawiully issued
under an) act of Congiess, and in lieu theieof issue ail equal
amount in notes such as aie authorized by tins act; and
may purchase, at rates not exceeding that of the cuirent
maiket. and cost of purchase not exceeding one eighth of
one per cent., any boruH or certificates of debt of the Uni-
ted States as he may deem advisable.
Sec. 2. And be it further caactcd, That the Secietary of
the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized, in case he shall
think it inexpedient to procure said notes, or any part
thereof, to be engraved and printed by contract, to cause the
said notes, or any part thei eof, to be engraved, printed, and
executed, in such form as he shall prescribe, at the Treas-
uiy Department in Washington, and under his direction;
and he is hereby empowered to purchase and provide all the
machinety and materials and to employ such peisons and
appoint such officers as may be necessaiy for this purpose.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That the limitation Upon
temporary deposits of United States notes with any Assist-
ant Tieasuiei, or designated depositary authorized by the
Secietary of the Treasury to receive such deposits to
$50,000,000, be, and is hereby, icpealed; and the Secretaiy
of the Tieasury is authorized to receive such deposits,under
such regulations as he may preseube, to such amount as
he may deem expedient, not exceeding $100,000,000, for not
less than thirty days, in sums not less than $100, at a rate
of interest not exceeding five percent, per annum; and any
amountso deposited maybe withdrawn from deposit, at any
time after ten days' notice, on the return of the ceiUficate
of deposit: Provided, kowever, That United States notes to
an amount not less than one third of the aggregate sum of
said deposits, shall at all times be reserved in the Treasury
of the United States, or from issue under this act, for the
puipose of securing prompt payment of such deposits on
demand: Andprovidedfui ther, That certificates of deposit
and of indebtedness issued under this or former acts may
be received on the same terms as United States notes in
payment for bonds ledeemable after five and payable in
twenty years.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secietary of
the Treasury may, at any time, until otheiwise ordered by
Congress, and under the restrictions imposed by the " Act
to authorize a national loan, and for other purposes," bor-
iow, on the credit of the United States, such part of the
sum of $250,000,000 mentioned in said act as may not have
been borrowed, under the piovisions of the same, within
twelve months fiom the passage theicof.
Sec. 5. And be it further evaded, That any part of the
appropriation of $10,000 for the detection and bunging to
trial ot persons engaged in counterfeiting the com of the
United States made by the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1861," approved June 23, 1860, may be applied in detecting
and bringing to trial and punishment persons engaged m
counteifeiting Tieasuiy notes, bonds, orother securities of
the United States, as well as the coin of the United States.
And to cany into effect the preceding sections of this act,
the euro of §300,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otheiwise appropriated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all the provisions
of the act entitled " An act to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and f&rthe redemption or funding thereof, and
for funding the floating debt of the United States," approved
Februaiy 25,1802, so far as the same can or may be applied
to the piovisions of this act, and riotmeon^istent therewith,
shall apply to the notes heieby authorized to be issued.
Mr. SPAULDING. This is an important meas-
ure, and I desire to submit a few remarks in the
opening of the debate upon the subject.
The requirements of the Treasury will proba-
bly not be less than $250,000,000 to meet current
expenses to the 1st day of January next. How
is this large sum to be obtained? I believe it
can only be obtained in the mode which has been
successfully adopted during the last six months.
The financial plan initiated six months ago as a
necessary war measure,has worked well. It has
exceeded the most sanguine expectations of its
strongest advocates. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury recommends a continuance of the plan which
has so successfully carried the country through
the perils of the past six months. I shall cor-
dially cooperate with the Secietary, hoping that it
may be equally successful in the future. It is our
duty now to provide all the means which shall be
necessary to pay all the current expenses to the
1st day of January. The bill now underconsid-
eration is deemed necessary for that purpose, and
the Secretary assures us that the condition of the
Treasury renders prompt action highly desirable.
During the pending war, neither the President,
the Secretary of the Treasury, nor Congress, can
fix a limit to the expenditures of the Government,
and cannot, theiefore, fix alimit to the obligations
to be issued on its credit. All that the Secretary
can say, all that Congress can declare, is, that the
President, as Commander-in-Chief, by his subor-
dinate officers, must contract all the debts which
shall be necessary to maintain the Army and Navy,
and all other expenses incident to a vigorous pros-
ecution of the war. The largest latitude is given
to the President, Secretary of War, and Secretary
of the Navy, in carrying on the war. They have
full discretionary power to contract all the debts
which they may deem necessary to amply supply
the Army and Navy. All parties ioyal to the Gov-
ernment are united in urging a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war; all parties, therefore, ought to be
willing to furnish all the means necessary for this
purpose. We must, at any rate, pay all the debts
contracted by the Executive in the progress of the
war. If we-knew how much this would amount
to, we could easily figure up the amount of the
! bonds and notes which Congress must authorize
