1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
is said, of the Secretary of State, and hurried off,
some of them, taken from their beds in the night
time, and confined in these forts, and not one of
, them has been allowed to see the charges against
him. Among them are ex-members of Congress,
one an ex-Governor of the State, and allow me to
say, many men who were without reputation, men
in the humblest walks of life. I have a dos:en let-
ters from those persons now. I desire not only
to obtain their names, but I want to prosecute the
inquiry further, and i will do it unless the Senate
shall absolutely, by solemn vote, say that they
will allow no resolution of inquiry against officials
in this Government, who, without law, violate all
the constitutional rights of the citizens of the
States. I hope, sir, there will be no further ob-
jection to the passage of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to say here, having heard both sides upon
this motion, that the debate has run far beyond
the proper limit upon a motion to take up a ques-
tion merely for consideration, and unless it be re-
stricted to proper limits upon such a motion, the
Chair will call the Senator on the floor to order.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to assure the Chair that
the Chair shall have no occasion to call me to
order. I proposed to inquire of the Chair what
the precise question before the Senate was, butthe
Chair has anticipated me by stating it is, shall
the resolution be taken up ? On that question the
Senator from Kentucky has addressed to the Sen-
ate an elaborate, and I might say an inflamed,
speech, in which he has characterized a distin-
guished officer of this Government as a usurper
and a tyrant. Now, sir, on this question at this
moment I shall make no answer to that impeach-
ment. I content myself by simply saying that
the very speech of the Senator from Kentuqky is
the best aigumentthat can be presented against
taking up his resolution on the present occasion.
It is evident that the resolution cannot be pro-
ceeded with without opening that whole question
which the Senator has so emphatically presented
in his remarks.
Is the Senate ready at this moment to go into
that inquiry? Is it ready to consider whether the
Secretary of State is a tyrant and a usurper? Is
it ready to consider whether certain persons, said
now to be in confinement, aie traitors or not? For,
sir, it is said on the one side that the Secretary of
State is a usurper and a tyrant; and 1 say on the
other side that there are unquestionably persons
in custody by his order who are traitors.
Mr. POWELL. Who are they, sir ? Name
them.
Mr. SUMNER. I go into no inquiry.
Mr. POWELL. Name them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order! The
Senator from Kentucky, without the consent of
the Senator upon the floor, is not privileged to
interrupt him.
Mr. POWELL. I was aware of that, sir. I
beg pardon of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. If the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky in regard to the arrests made
in Kentucky is advisable, we must have resolu-
tions in regard to other States, in regard to every
Stale in the Union. We must travel from State
to State, and this Senate must erect itself into a
high court of judicature, to try whether a great
functionary of the Government is a tyrant or a
usurper, f think we had betferput our foot down
at this moment, and not go, certainly not now,
into this inquiry. I therefore content myself with
opposing the taking up of the resolution.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has chosen to say that some of these persons
were traitors. That may be. But there is one
thing I will say bo the Senate and to the Senator,
that all these persons wish is to have a trial. If
they are traitors, take them before the civil tribu-
nals, try them, and punish them, but never, never
punish a man as if he were a traitor without giv-
ing him a trial. There are many men of Ken-
tucky who have been confined by the mandate of
the Secretary of State in these prisons that are
as loyal as the Senator from Massachusetts ever
dared to think lie was, and they could well con-
Uast then loyalty with his in any forum.
But it was not my object to discuss the resolu-
tion. I know tins discussion is out of time and
out of place. I wanted the information, and then
I did intend to propose a discussion of it. The
Senator says this is not the time to discuss it.
Why, sir, it was he that brought on the discus-
sion. I never intended to say a word other than
to ask the action of the Senate upon the resolu-
tion. The Senator enters the arena, and he seems
to repudiate the idea of the Secretary of State
usurping any power. I put it to the Senator now
to point me to the law that authorizes the Secre-
tary of State to make an arrest in the State of
Kentucky or elsewhere, and to carry the party
arrested and confine him in a fortress in Massa-
chusetts, as has been done, and in various forts
in the State of New York. I defy the Senator to
point to the law that authorizes the Secretary to
do that; and if the law cannot be adduced, the
conclusion is irresistible that he who does it is a
usurper, and puts the Constitution and laws of
the country under his feet. I do not know any-
thing that could more directly establish usurpa-
tion than to instance the case of one who over-
throws the Constitution and laws of his country.
That I boldly proclaim here the Secretary of State
has done, and I do not wish gentlemen to get clear
of this matter by talking about treason. Let them
point to the law, point to the authority that this
party has to order a man to be arrested in Ken-
tucky and hurry him off to a distant State, and
keep him in confinement for four or five months,
as was done with some persons, Governor More-
head for instance, and Mr. Stanton, two eminent
citizens of Kentucky, and then release them with-
out trial. I hope 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky will suspend his remarks. The
special order for half past twelve o'clock super-
sedes and overrUles the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky; and the question now before the Sen-
ate is on Senate bill No. 184, to authorize the
President of the United States to appoint diplo-
matic representatives to the republics of Hayti
and Liberia, respectively.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
unanimous consent to offer a resolution of inquiry
ofalocal character, which will provoke no debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be interposed, tho Chair will receive the res-
olution.
SALE OF INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Indian Affair? be in-
structed to inquire as to the expediency of authorizing the
riocretaiy of the interior to postpone the sale of the lands
of the Sac and Fox and Kansas tiihesof Indians in Kansas,
and to revoke all arrangements lor the erection of buildings
for &aid tribes heretotoic emeted into, to be paid out of the
proceeds of the s alcs of i-aid lands.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. EtIieuidge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(S. No. 248) for the relief of the owners, officers,
and crow of the Danish bark Jorgen Lorentzen;
and it was signed by the President pro tempore.
IIAYTI AND LIBERIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill £S. No. 184)
to authorize the President of the United States to
appoint diplomatic representatives to the repub-
lics of Hayti and Liberia respectively.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment in the
nature of a substitute to the bill, to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the President of the United States be, and hereby
is, authouzed, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint a consul to the republic of Liberia, and
I a oon>ul general to the republic of Hayti, respectively, with
poweis to negotiate treaties; ofainity, friendship,and com-
meice between the United States and those republics.
Mr. President, I am weary, sick, disgusted,
despondent with the introduction of the subject of
slaves and slavery into the Chamber; and if I had
I not happened to be a member of the committee
' from which this bill was reported, I should not
i have opened my mouth upon the subject,
j I opposed in committee the form of the bill
i which has been reported, and then gave notice
■ that I would resist the bill in the Senate; butatthe
| same time I signified my willingness to do some-
i thing, and, indeed, offered a measure in substance
the same as the bill the committee reported, so far
as commercial relations are concerned. In ordi-
nary times this bill would have no particular in-
terest, and it is only as a series of a system of
measures that manifesta deliberate purpose to as-
sail the institution of slavery in the slave States
everywhere, and to push that assault to final suc-
cess, that this measure has any interest, according
to any opinion which I can form of it. What
does the bill propose to do in addition to what is
offered to be done by the substitute which I have
presented ? It is to establish diplomatic relations
between the negro republics of Liberia and Hayti
and the United States. I have not the least objec-
tion to the recognition by our Government of the
existence of those two republics as independent
Powers, and I have no objection to any extent of
commercial relations between our country and
those two republics. I have no objection to the
negotiation of a treaty of amity and commerce and
friendship between our Government and the Gov-
ernments of those countries; but I oppose the
sending of embassadors of any class from our
Government to theirs, upon this consideration: it
would establish, diplomatically, terms of mutual
and equal reciprocity between the two countries
andus. If,after such a measure shouldtakeeffect,
the republic of Hayti and the republic of Liberia
were to send their ministers plenipotentiary or
their charges d'affaires to our Government, they
would have to be received by the President and
by all the functionaries of the Government upon
the same terms of equality with similar represent-
atives from other Powers. If a full-blooded ne-
gro were sent in that capacity from either of those
countries, by the laws of nations he could demand
that he be received precisely on the same terms
of equality with the white representatives from the
Powers of the earth composed of white people.
When the President opened his saloons to the re-
ception of the diplomatic corps, when he gave his
entertainments to such diplomats, the represent-
atives, of whatever color, from thostS countries
would have the right to demand admission upon
terms of equality with all other diplomats; and if
they had families consisting of negro wives and
negro daughters, they would have the right to ask
that their families also be invited to such occa-
sions, and that they go there and mingle with the
whites of our own country and of other countries
that happened to be present. We recollect that a
few years ago the refined French court admitted
and received tho representative of Soulouque, who
then denominated himself or was called the Em-
peror of Dominica, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. Of Hayti.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, a great big negro fellow,
dressed out with his silver or gold lace clothes in
the most fantastic and gaudy style, presented him-
self in the court of Louis Napoleon, and, I admit,
was received. Now, sir, I want no such exhi-
bition as that in our capital and in our Government.
The American minister, Mr. Mason, was present
on that occasion, and he was sleeved by some
Englishman—1 have forgotten his name—who
was present, who pointed him to the embassador
of Soulouque, and said, " What do you think of
him?" Mr.Mason turned round and said,441 think,
clothes and all, he is worth $1,000." [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President,I am friendly to both these
infant negro republics. Both of them arc, to a
greater or less extent, mixed. I see it announced
in the papers this morning that England has
brought over Spain to her view in relation to the
attack upon Mexico, by promising not to inter-
fere in the enterprise of Spain in the reconquest
and subjugation of the whole island of San Do-
mingo. In such a controversy my sympathies
would be with the negro and against Spain. I
should want the present power and government
of that island to maintain its independence. That
would be my judgment and my feeling in relation
to the matter. I am not less, but a great deal
more, friendly to the republic of Liberia. I con-
sider that an offshoot from our country. I have
long contemplated the enterprise of establishing
a negro republic upon the western coast of Africa
| with feelings of the greatest interest and hope. I
]! have contributed my money towards the enter-
j| prise, and I expect still to do so. I want this
i| Government and the people of the United States
;i to extend all sympathy and all aid consistent with
j| our power under the Constitution to that infant
v republic, in building it up, and developing it to a
