784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
tiousofbeingconsidei-pd the champion of retrench-
ment and reform, seizes upon the subject, and
moves to strike out of a general appropriation bill
an appropriation to defray that expense, and thus
leave the person who furnished the supplies un-
paid, or to leave it as an honorary duty upon the
President to discharge that obligation.
If the President has been, as I trust he has been,
engaged in the duties of his office, he probably
knew nothing of the extent of the expenditures,
and did not supervise it in any way. And now,
while the whole fabric of our Government is fall-
ing about our ears, while it is conceded that there
are reforms enough on hand in the administration
of public affairs to command the energies of the
whole people of the country, we spend a whole day
upon an item of this kind, and it is gravely debated
whether we shall pay a small expenditure made
upon the mansion of the Executive of the nation.
Now, I enter my protest, once and for all, upon
this subject. It is entirely discreditable to the
House of Representatives; it is discreditable to
this Congress, and I am only surprised that the
Committee of Ways and Means have not done just
what the Senate did—order tins bill to be paid,
and, if it be necessary, remind the Government,
the Piesident, and every agent of the Govern-
ment, that hereafter this appropriation cannot in
any way be exceeded. But this manifestation of
ambition in this line is smull business, a tall events;
it is smull business if these persons have no other
employment; it is especially small business at this
time.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous question
upon all the remaining amendments of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurring on concurring in the
nineteenth amendment of the Senate,
Mr. IIOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. NOGLL called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tollers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Insert the following:
To kimble the Commissioner of Public Building to pay
the bill of William II. Carry! & Urothortor iuiniture lor the
President's House, $6,8u8 BO.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Iu reference to this amend-
ment 
The SPEAKER.* The previous question has
been called and sustained on all the remaining
amendments of the Senate, and debate is not in
order.
Air. HOLMAN. I think the House did not so
understand it. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the previous question was ordered to be
put.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to lay the
motion to rcconsidor on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
At the end of the bill, add the following section :
Sec. 4 Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Truruuiy he, and he is heieby, authorized and empow-
ered to sell the piopui ty of the United States in the cuv of
fturiinrrfoii, Iowa, upon which is the United State* mauno
ho'pUal, fir ;t (jiving thirty days' notice of the turn;, place,
and term-* ot sale; onf he shall deem u more expedient foi
the Government to retain the title to *axd propcttv, that he
be a'Uhonzed to discharge all oflioois and s"ivants of the
Government connected therewith, and to close the hos-
pital.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means lecommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a statement in reference to
this amendment.
Objection was made.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. W1CKLIFPE. Is the bill disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the joint resolution of the Senate in reference to
the celebration of the 22J of February.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. rilCXCMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I understand that the Sergeant-at-Arms of
the House has executed the order of the House
by arresting Henry Wikoff. I ask that he now
be brought before the bar of the House to answer
for contempt of its authority.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the House appeared
at the bar of the House, and stated that, in pur-
suance of the order of the Speaker, issued this
day, he had taken into custody Henry Wikoff,
and had now brought him to the bar of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask that the witness be
now arraigned, and interrogated by the Speaker,
that he may have an opportunity of purging him-
self for disobeying the order of the House.
The witness being at the bar of the House,
The SPEAKER. Henry Wikoff, you have
been arrested by the order of the House, and now
stand at its bar, charged with an alleged contempt
of its authority in refusing to answer a question
propounded to you by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, which was directed to make inquiry as to
an alleged censorship over the telegraph. What
have you to say in answer to this charge of con-
tempt?
The Witness. Nothing but that—hoping not
to be considered wanting in any respect to the
Judiciary Committee or to the House—the in-
formation the committee demanded of me was
received, such as it was, under an obligation of
strict secrecy, which I felt myself bound to re-
spect.
The SPEAKER. The House has heard the
answer. What order will the House make?
Mr. HICKMAN. I offer a preamble and reso-
lution for adoption by the House. 1
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to inquire
whether the answer is in writing. I think if we
are to make a record of this matter, the answer
should be reduced to writing either by the wit-
ness or some other person. I move that the wit-
ness be required to reduce the answer to writing.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would suggest, also,
that the question propounded to the witness by
the Judiciary Committee be in writing.
IV1 r. IlICKMAN. The interrogatory is already
reduced to writing, and this House has based its
present action upon it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is all I wanted.
Mr. COX. I move, if it be in order, to amend
the motion. I move that the consideration of the
order be postponed until a given time to-morrow,
and give the witness time to answer the interrog-
atory.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask for the question upon
the resolution I have offered. ^
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the
answer he rcduced to writing. The gentleman
from Ohio moves that the consideration of this
subject be postponed until to-morrow. A motion
to postpone is always in order.
Mr. COX. If u is the wish of the witness, I
think this matter ought to be postponed. I do not
know what the wishes of the witness are in that
regard, but it has always been done heretofore in
such cases. If he wishes time to prepare his an-
swer or reduce it to writing, it ought to be accorded
him, and I hope it will be done.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that, when time is allowed for a
witness to prepare his answer, it is usually done
at the request of the witness himself.
Mr. COX. I am not advised whether the wit-
ness desires it or not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hickman] proposes a preamble and
resolution, there being; nothing before the House.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
moves that the witness be required to reduce his
answer to writing.
Mr. HICKMAN. If I may be allowed to do
so, I desire to say a single word upon that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no objection,
and hears none.
Mr. IlICKMAN. The witness has made but
a single response, when brought before the bar of
the [louse, to the question propounded to him by
theSpeaker,and that is that the information which
the Committee on the Judiciary sought to obtain
from him, was communicated to him under a
pledge of secrecy, and that, therefore, he declines
to communicate it to the committee. There can •
certainly be no necessity, under the circumstances,
for this House to delay us action a day, in order
to enable the person in contempt to communicate
that single fact to the House in writing, and I am,
therefore, opposed to the motion of my colleague
and friend, inasmuch as there is no necessity for
it. I prefer that this House, as it is in possession
of all the facts, should take action at once. It
would be the better form in which to treat the
witness himself.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question right there ?
Mr. HICKMAN. In a moment I will. I have
no doubt that the Clerk and every reporter now at
that desk has received the answer of the witness,
and has it now in writing, and it can be handed
to him at once, and he can ascertain if it is his
true answer to the interrogatory propounded to
him by the Speaker.
Mr. STEVENS. I rose and inquired if the
answer of the witness was reduced to writing. I
learned that it was not. I could not see how a
record could be made up which would be intelli-
gible hereafter, unless the response of the witness
was placed in writing hefore we acted upon it.
Hence it was that I moved that the answer of the
witness be rcduced to writing.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask, then, that the answer
of the witness, as it has been reported at the Clerk's
desk, be read to the witness, and that inquiry be
made of him as to its correctness. If itis correct,
then I shall insist on the resolution which I have
sent to the Clerk's desk. I do not desire to have
any delay in this matter, as I do not think it for
the interest of the witness, or of the House, that
any delay should be had; nor do I think there is
any occasion for it.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire of the Chair
if the Clerk, as a part of his duty,'takes down in
writing the answers of witnesses under such cir-
cumstances ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands not.
Only the substance of the answer is taken down
by the Clerk.
Mr. STEVENS. I so understood, and for that
reason I want the record made perfect before we
proceed further.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will then move an amend-
ment to the motion of my colleague. It is that
the witness be again brought before the bar of the
House, the question be again propounded to him
by the Speaker, and his answer taken down by
the reporters at the desk and communicated to the
Clerk of the House, and that it be then read to the
witness and inquiry made of him in regard to its
correctness. That will accomplish the object my
colleague has in view, andat the same time obviate
the necessity of delay.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that,
although I cannot see the reason for it. There
would be no excuse for delay if the course I suggest
were adopted. We could allow the witness time
to reducc what he said here to writing. It was a
mere sentence, and it would not require much time
to write it. I should vote against any delay; but
unless the mode proposed by my colleague is the
better way, I would rather see the witness's an-
swer produced in his own handwriting and signed
by himself.
Mr. HICKMAN. The House will see at once
that the answer of the witness to the alleged con-
tempt consists of but a single sentence, namely:
that he received the information which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary desired to be possessed of
from some person under a pledge of secrecy, and
therefore he declines to communicate it. Under
such circumstances, it cannot be necessary to de-
lay the action of the House in the premises. If
it were not a case of that kind, but the witness
required time for consideration in order to fashion
his answer, I should be willing to submit to such
a motion as my colleage makes.
But,sir,this is avery extraordinary case. The
witness testifies that he received information of
the contents, or of a portion of the contents, of the
President's annual message prior to its delivery
to Congress, and that he caused it to be commu-
nicated, through the instrumentality of the tele-
graph, to the New York Herald. When inquired
of as to the source from which he derived that in-
formation as to the contents of the message, he
declines to communicate it, and gives for an an-
swer, " I received it under a pledge of secrecy."
That is his contempt. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary believe that no witness has a right to with-
hold so important a fact as this under any pledge
of the kind alleged to have been given by the wit-
