286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
3Yth Cong....2d Sess.
Policy and Object of the War—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. of Reps.
it was manifested towards him. The Constitution
secures to him freedom of speech and protection
from assault, in the same manner and to like ex-
tent that it would secure a fair trial to the most
abandoned wretch or the guiltiest of parricides.
Other actions have been eulogized upon this
floor whic.h are ill-calculated to give any very sat-
isfactory assurance that rights of either person
or property are safe, although secured by the
highest written pledges. In a discussion in this
Hall, on the 6th of January last, ofa resolution of
inquiry as to the cause ofa disaster to the national
arms, I regret, for my own State, that one of her
Representatives [Mr. Lovejoy] should make it
the occasion to deliver a panegyric upon a justly
convicted and executed felon. In speaking of the
impatience of the nation for some decidcd move-
ment in the field, he said:
"They are standing just as the okl hero, John Brown,
stood on the scaffold. John Bioivn, whose soul, thank God,
is inarching on. I call him an old hero, baint, unci mai tyr."
Can it be wondered at, Mr. Chairman, that ha-
tred the most violent should exist on the part of
those among whom that tragedy took place, and
all the worst passions of an infirm human nature
should be aroused, when the principal actor, his
hands red with the blood of peaceful citizens,
whose hospitality he had so cruelly betrayed,
whose rights to life he had with violence assailed,
should be applauded on the floor of the American
Congress; and, after a righteous retribution had
been visited upon him, his name should, by a Rep-
resentative of the people, be added to the bright
list of heroes, martyrs, and saints? If I am told
that this is but the sentiment, as it is the expres-
sion of one individual, to that I reply, that indi-
vidual opinion determines party sentiment not
less than conventional action, for the one is but
the result of the other. And again, the gentleman
is the Representative ofa numerous and highly in-
telligent constituency, who, with the full knowl-
edge of his views, have repeatedly indorsed them
by successive reelection of their exponent to a seat
in this body.
But, sir, to return to the causes alleged of this
rebellion, as stated in these resolutions, and I do it
only for a moment, to quote the opinion of a gen-
tleman as conversant with this whole subject as
any man here, whose life, I think, has ever been
spent in a slave State. I denied that the proposition
I have been considering was true, and incidentally
have alluded to other things which, in my judg-
ment, more immediately pioduced our present
troubles; and I desire now to again place upon
record ail extractfrom the speech of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.] In reference to this
matter, he says:
"To supeificial observers, who believe that the rebellion
grew out of slaveiy, and is, they term it, a slaveholders'
rebellion, and when it is known to be true that the non-
slavcholiling regions of the South aie for the Union, it is
natural that it should occur to them that the proper course
toeairyall the non-slaveholders against the rebellion would
be to decree emancipation. But a closer scrutiny demon-
strates the contrary to be true ; such a scrutiny demonstrates
that the rebellion originated chiefly with the non-slavehold-
ers resident in the strongholds of the institution, not spi ink-
ing, howove!,from any love of slaveiy, but from an antago-
nism of race and hostility to the idea of equality with the
blacks involved in simple emancipation. Tins idea among
non-f-laveholdeis was mutually ot gieater intensity in pro-
portion to tile inmiberol',-.laves about them, and its force in
extinguishing Union feeling diminished as we approach the
high and mountain legions wlieic Hie slaves are few.
" Every man acquainted with the laets knows that it is
fallacious to eall tins - a slaveholder' rebellion.' if tueh
was the tact, two divisions of our Auny could have sup-
pressed it without difficulty; the negroes themselves could
easily put down the two bundled and filty thousand slave-
holder* ; but it is a matter of history that slaveholders, as
a body, were the last and most reluctant to join the rebel-
lion. The repieseutative men of that imprest, like Badger
of North Carolina, Aiken of South Caiohna, arid Aloxan
tier If. Stephens of G< o>gia, struggled as long as there was
hope against the ichellion, ami for the obvious reason that
the entire intcicni* of the alavehokieis weie put in exueme
jeopaidy. It wad the negro question and not the slavery
question wlneli made the lebelhon—questions eutiiely dit~
ierent, and requiting eutiiely difFcjent treatment; and it la
as neecstuiv to und<M>tand the distinction to enable us to
deal with it Micee-^fuliy as it is that the physician should
know the disease which lie i* called on to treat and to euro.
If the rebellion w,t- m.ide bv two hundred and fifty thou-
sand slaveholders lot thesake o( peipetuating^laveiy then
it might be a complete j emedy to extirpate the institution •
but li ihe rcLellioii has giown out of the abhorrence of the
non-slaveholder* tor emancipation and amalgamation arid
theii dread of< negro equality,' how will their discontent be
cured by the very measure the mere apprehension of which
has diiven them into icbe^on?"
In corroboration of this, I also call the attention
of the House to the statement made by another
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] whose
long experience upon this floor, no less than his
knowledge of the subject and well-known patriot-
ism, gives to his opinion value. Says he:
„ "The slaveholders, orthe majority of them, were the last
to give in to this lebeJUon in those States which are now in
arms against the Government of the United States."
In my judgment, the opinion of gentlemen like
these, whose lives have been spent m the midst of
this institution of slavery, who have carefully
watched for years the rising fears of the people
among whom they have lived, outweigh " a whole
theater" of those who know nothing about it, and
who have ever regarded it with a prejudiced and
malignant eye. In view of the position so clearly
assumed, as I have shown, by every department
nf the Government at the opening of the war, it
may not bo out of place to trace the altogether dif-
ferent policy sought to be established in regard to
the treatment to be extended to slaves, as advo-
cated by many gentlemen at this session.
Among the first who addressed the House was
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
who, in speaking to his resolutions, and alluding
to a desire on the part of some to see a return to
the old state of things, by which I understand to
be meant a restoration of the old Union, says:
"No matter how, a few months ago, loyal men might
have yearned that the old state of things should be restored,
the status ante helium is impossible. The first blow struck
at Fort Sumter rendcied it impossible. No, sir; no, sir.
Reconstruction must come; but in the rebellious and se-
ceding States, when it comes, it shall come. I believe, with-
out the piesence of the slave."
The gentleman, further on, in speaking of the
suppressed portion of Mr. Cameron's report, an
extract from which 1 have already submitted, and
in which is urged the policy of emancipating the
slave and enrolling him into the Army of the Uni-
ted States, indorses it as a paper 44 which contains
good law, good patriotism, good statesmanship,
and good common sense." The gentleman, it
seems, differed with the President in his appreci-
ation of this document; and he also regrets the
modification of General Fremont's proclamation
by the same high authority. To the gentleman,
" it was a blow struck in the right direction, by
the right man, at the right time, and under the
right circumstances; and there was hardly a man
whose heart, if it was loyal, did not leap with iov
to read it."
It is evident that the heart of the President did
not perform any very great feats of the kind on
this occasion; but I trust, in view of his recent
effort in a similar case, no inference prejudicial to |
his loyalty will be drawn therefrom. The able 1
speech of the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Con-
way,] while it is utterly destructive, in my opin-
ion, of the whole theory of our Government, is
yet entirely consistent with itself, and deserves
notice. Upon the point I am considering he says:
" The abolition of slavery is no longer a{ contraband prop-
osition.' It lias been elevated by events into a measure of
widespread public importance, demanding the favorable
consideration of statesmen. It is no longer the shibboleth
of a sect or party, but the overruling necessity of a nation.
,T° retain slavery under existing circumstance* in our body
politic, would, in my judgment, evince the veiy won-tkind
of folly or wickedness. To eliminate it loiever should be
the unwavering determination of the Government."
That this shall be the result of the present strug-
gle, if in the power of the gentleman to accom-
plish, is fully manifest from another part of the
same speech. In commenting upon the fearful-
expenses we are incurring and will in the future
incur, the gentleman remarks:
" This is the immense sacrifice we are making for free-
dom and Union; and yetisitallto he squandered on a sub-
teifuge and a cheat. For one, J shall not vote another dol-
lar or man lor the war until it assumes adifferentstanding
ana tends directly to an unti-slavcry result."
The war, when prosecuted for the preservation
ofthc Union with every constitutional rightofeach
State or section unimpaired, is then, in the opin-
ion of the gentleman, "a subterfuge and cheat."
Conditions to one'sloyalty in this hourof peril,
have been supposed to detract from the quality of
the article; but the exquisite harmony between
the gentleman's general political views and those
entertained by the majority upon this floor, and
his acknowledged soundness upon the main ques-
tion, will relieve him from any unpleasant position
which, to others not in full standingin the African
church, might be somewhat annoying.
With equal clearness in the expression of the
game opinion, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] says:
" I know it was not the purpose of this Administration
at first to abolish slaveiy, but only to save the Union and
maintain ihe old order of things." * * * "Not
for all the wealth or honors of the nniverse should wo with-
hold our suffrage from the proposition < to proclaim liberty
throughout all the land, to all the inhabitants thereof.5 Uur
falluie to give fie.edom to four million slaves would be a
crime only to be measured by that of putting them in chains
if they were free."
Further on, he again says:
" We have no true battle-cry. We are fighting only for
the Union, and taking pains to tell mankind that this does
not mean freedom."
Sir, the gentleman was entirely correct in his
statement for what this war was commenced, and
furnishes conclusive proof of the truth of the prop-
osition I have been endeavoring to establish. I
know that by far the larger part of the soldiers
from my own State enlisted in this struggle " to
save the Union and maintain the old order of
things." For this object, thus clearly announced,
with this for their " battle-cry," they are fighting
to-day; for this consummation they will ever
strike; to this glorious object
"They are true, to the last of their blood and their breath ;
And like reapers, have descended to the harvest ofdeath."
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
whose elocjuent voice has been heard so often upon
this question, in swelling periods and with much
elegance of diction, in the discussion of a resolu-
tion relating to a measure of finance, thus joins
in the strain of his friend from Indiana", and tells
us to—-
<k Pass your laws liberating four million slaves held by
the rebels, and thereby bieak every unjust yoke in that
rebel region, and let the oppressed go free, in obedience to
that command which comes to us as a voice out of heaven,
< Proclaim liberty throughout all the land, to all the inhab-
itants thereof;' and when this is accomplished there will be
such an exodus of these children of oppression from the
house of their bondage as the wot Id has not seen since that
exodus of God's people which the dark-eyed daughters of
Israel ' celebrated with timbiel and dance.' "
Pass such a law, Mr. Chairman,and if the suc-
cess of our arms is complete and en tire, and thereby
such a law be made operative, this " glorious ex-
odus" will assuredly take place; but to them, to
continue the elegant simile of thegentleman, there
will be " by day no pillar of cloud to lead them
the way, or by night a pillar of fire to give them
light;" no land of promise from any mountain
top will dawn upon their enraptured vision, but
|'a fugitive and a vagabond" will they ever be
in this Canaan of ours.
I know not what other States may do, but I feel
assured, Mr. Chairman, that my own State will
never suffer her fair and fertile plains to be over-
run with such a swarm of worse than locusts to
eat out her substance, and—when compelled by
stern necessity and the weariness of charity to
labor at all—to compete with and drive the honest
white laborer from the field of his willing and re-
munerative toil.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. FessendenI
deprecates the idea of the war policy of the Cabi-
net being founded upon pacification without con-
quest, and without disturbing slavery, and says;
" Do not ask us to believe that the end is to be the res-
toration of the Union with slavery intact. Let us at least
cheer our hearts with the thought, tfie hope, that it mavbe
otherwise."
A short time afterwards, in reply to the gen-
tlemari from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadsworth,] he
says that—
*el much more desire the extermination of slavery, ifit
can be constitutionally effected, as I believe it can, than I
do to see the Union restored
^ This frank confession of the gentleman clearly
indicates what the country is perceiving in the
action of this Congress, that the extirpation of sla-
very is the main and primary object of this con-
test on their part, and without this the preservation
of the Union is but of trifling and secondary im-
portance.
r™Thec dlsti ?uished loader from Pennsylvania
|Mr. Stetens] fully shares in the belief of the
necessity of freeing the slaves, and in his judg-
ment " those who now furnish the means of war,
but who are the natural enemies of slaveholders,
must be made our allies; universal emancipation
must be proclaimed to all." In most perfect liar-
