1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
2fW
the Secretary to issue. No man, noteven the Pres-
ident, the Sccrctary of War, the Secretary of the
Navy, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, or all
of them together, can give even an approximate
estimate as to the whole cost of this war, because
they do not know the number of years it will con-
tinue, nor what wiil be the final solution of the
grave questions involved. We are working out a
great problem, the result of winch no man can
know. Slavery was the cause of this war; and
until the solution of the slavery question is arrived
at, and the cause of the rebellion removed, we
have no hope of permanent peace and tranquillity.
This will take a long time; but how long no man
is wise enough to determine. The war debt we
all know is already large, and that it is growing
fearfully larger every day. Many capitalists and
bankers have already invested all their surplus
means in United States stocks.
During the debate on the Treasury note bill
in January and February last, 1 submitted, with
some degree of diffidence as to its accuracy, an
estimate of what I thought the whole debt (float-
ing as well as funded debt) of the United States
would be on the 1st of July next, and also what
the funded and floating debt would be on the 1st
of July, 1 S(>3, if the war should he prosecuted to
that time on the same scale that it is now carried
on. I have not seen since, and do not now see,
any reason to change the estimates 1 then made.
I then said it was impossible to estimate, defin-
itely, what the war would cost, and therefore it
was impossible to fix any limit to the amount of
paper (obligations of the Government either in the
form of notes, bonds, or certificates of deposit)
that must be issued during its prosecution. The
experience of the last few months has demon-
strated the truth of these remarks. We must first
apply all the money we can collect from duties on
imports, excises, internal duties, direct taxes, and
confiscations of the property of rebels, which may
amount during the current year (of money actu-
ally realized) to 000,000, perhaps more, and
possibly less. All the expenses of the war, over
and above the amount lealized from these sources,
must be provided for by borrowing in some form
upon the credit of the Government. Paper credit
in some form must be issued during the next fiscal
year to a very large amount. However much wo
may deprecate it, this will be an imperative ne-
cessity which we cannot avoid. However much
this may be a departure from sound business and
financial principles applicable to times of peace, we
cannot,we must not,shrink from the responsibility
which is forced upon us in the prosecution of this
war. We must boldly meet every exigency in
financial as well as in military and naval opera-
tions. Notes and bonds must he authorized by
Congress, and must be negotiated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, amply sufficient to sustain
the Army and Navy, or the war must stop. If
we have not the money, we have what is equally
or more important: the country is full of provis-
ions, clothing, and the material of war. Treas-
ury notes and bonds, issued on the credit of the
Government, will procure all these supplies to
maintain your Army and Navy. The war,there-
fore, can go on, and will go on vigorously if we
carry out the views submitted to us by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
In whatform ormode has the creditof the Gov-
ernment been thus far used in the prosecution i
of this war? Five different forms of credit have j
been resorted to. Loans to the Government, for
which obligations have been issued, are as follows:
1. United States notes, without interest, made
a legal tender and circulated as money among the
people in ail parts of the United States. Tins is
the people's loan to theGovcrnmentand themost
popular mode of borrowing ever adopted by any
Government. It has given the country n sound
national currency, in which the people have had i!
entire confidence. Every man, woman, and child I
having a five dollar legal tender green-back note m j
possession, has directly or indirectly loaned to the :
Government that amount, and becoming thereby j
interested in the perpetuity of the Government, is
astrong advocate for a vigorous prosecution of the
war. A fair test of the loyalty of all such hoJdei s of
notes may be seen in their manifestation of confi-
dence that they are perfectly good. The soldier
and sailor give then-services, risk their lives, and
endure all the hardships, sickness, and privations
of the campaign, and cheerfully take these notes
in payment. Supplies, subsistence, and material
of war of all kinds is eagerly furnished, and these
green-backs taken in exchange for the same. This
kind of loan is so popular with the people, and
being without interest, is so advantageous to the
Government, it is desirable that it should be ex-
tended as far as it can be done safely and without
unduly stimulating speculations to such an extent
as to cause an unfavorable reaction to the legiti-
mate business of the country. But when bonds
can be negotiated at par, I think it will be safer
to have bonds negotiated than to issue legal tender
notes.
2. The second kind of loan has been the issue
of bonds running from five to twenty years at six
per cent, interest per annum, which is an advanta-
geous mode for the Government to borrow money,
because the debt is then funded; and it is also
favorable to commerce, because it causes no dis-
turbance in the money market or business of the
country, provided the money is not taken from
the capital of men engaged in active business, but
is obtained from capitalists who desire permanent
investments and who only want to use the interest
half yearly. This mode of borrowing must ne-
cessarily be limited to the amount of accumulated
capital in the country held by those who are will-
ing to invest it in this way. It is a permanent and
safe investment in the hands of those persons who
want to use only the interest on their accumulated
capital.
3. A third kind of loan which has thus far
worked very well in practice, are deposits in the
Treasury of the United States, for which certifi-
cates are issued bearing four and five per cent, in-
terest, and which deposits maybe withdrawn from
the Treasury on giving ten days'notice after thirty
days. The Government has borrowed over fifty
million dollars at this low rate of interest, and the
bill now before us proposes to give the Secretary
power to extend the amount to $100,000,000. To
guard against any sudden call that may be made
for these deposits, the Secretary proposes to keep
on hand, in Treasury notes ready to be issued,
one third of the amount of the current deposits
which may at any time be in the Treasury. With
this safeguard, this kind of loan will be very ad-
vantageous to the Government as well as to the
depositors.
4. Certificates ofindebtednessatone year, bear-
ing six per cent, interest per annum, given in pay-
ment for supplies, transportation, and material
furnished in the prosecution of the war. This is
an advantageous form of credit given to the Gov-
ernment, because it is for a definite time and at
the customary rate of six per cent, inteiest. This
form of indebtedness has already teachcd about
fifty million dollars, and may be still further in-
creased under the law already in existence.
5. Treasury notes at three years, bearing seven
and three tenths per cent, interest per annum, pay-
able half yearly, and convertible into twenty years
six per cent, bonds. This is the most objection-
able foim of borrowing of any that has been adopt-
ed, for the reason that the rate of interest is too
high—a much higher late than thisgreatGovern-
ment, with all its immense power and lesources,
ought to pay. I think this form of borrowing
money should only be resorted to when we can-
not obtain money to carry on the war in any other
way.
The/t'.nr2<?ddebtoftheUnited States,as reported
by the Secietary of the Treasury to Congress
May 29, 1862, was as follows:
Rate of interest. Amount.
Loan, 1842   6 $2.883..'361
Loan. 1847 6 9,41,).2,">0
Loan 848 6 8 903.344
Loan, 1858   5 20.000,000
Loan, I860.          .5 7,022,000
Loan. l&VJ 5 3,461,000
Loan, —FebriHuy 8 G 18,41.>,000
Loan J8t51—Julv 17 6 50,000,000
Loan. 1661—July 17 7.3 120,523.4."50
Loan, lSt31—Otcgou 6 878,6'jO
Loan, 1862 6 2.699,400
Treasury cei tilieatcs . .6 47,1(J9.U00
Trea^ui v notes. oideied.    6 3,382,162
United Stati'-; note*   0 14.%^80,000
'IVmpoiaiy deposits -> 44,86.>,524
Temporary deposits 4 o,913,04:-
Total, (average interest 4.35)  .$491,140,184
Reducing the above total to the lound sum, in
English money, of<£100,000,000 sterling, we have
this contrast of the magnitude of the public debts'
respectively ofGrre&tBritain and the'United Stated
and the annual cost of their support? public debt
of Great Britain, *£800,000,000—-at an annual
charge of <£28,262,000; public debt of the TJjiited
States, ^100,000,000—at an annual charge of
<£4,350,000. t
There is still another kind of indebtedness—the
floating debt crcated in various forms every day by
office!s of the Government. This accrued indebt-
edness, existing in different forms, must, with our
extended line of military and naval operations, be
very large. It exists in the shape of accounts, ser-
vices, transportation, bounties, and and all other
modes in which debts arc made against the Gov-
ernment in enlisting,calling out the militia, and in
supplying the Army and Navy with the necessary-
material of war. On this kind of indebtedness,
the Government gets a credit of from one to four
months. The whole accrued indebtedness of the
United States, funded and unfunded, on the 1st
day of July next, it is believed, will not exceed
§630,000,000.
I never have been, and I trust I never shall be,
unnecessarily an advocate for the creation of an
unsound or an inflated currcncyj but, sir, I have
long ago resolved, since this savage war has been
forced upon us, to do whatever was necessary,
and which 1 might lawfully do, to crush out the
traitors and annihilate their armies. This cannot
be done without the " sinews of war." Your
Army and Navy must be supplied with all the
terrible armament necessary to crush the enemy.
Your sick, wounded, and famishing soldiers must
all be supplied with hospitals, medical attendance,
and all nccessaiics and conveniences to make them
comfortable. This is a plain duty which we can-
not any of us fail to perform. If, in the perform-
ance of this duty, it becomes necessary to author-
ize a further issue of United States notes, I shall
not hesitate to give my vote for it. I am not in
favor of increasing the issue of them beyond the
imperative necessities of the Government^ sus-
tain the Army and Navy. I much prefer to have
oursix percent, bonds issued on permanentloans.
I would like to sec the Secretaiy of the Treasury
borrow at par all the money he can on the six per
cent, bonds heretofore authorized to be issued.
When money can be obtained at par on six per
cent, bonds, 1 would prefer to have that done to
the issuing a very large amount of legal tender
notes. Too large an issue of demand notes, to
ciiculate as money, will no doubt lead to an ex-
pansion which will inflate prices, stimulate undue
speculations, and ultimately produce a reaction
that will deiange the whole business of the coun-
try. This is to be avoided if possible. I cannot,
therefore, advocate any greater issue of demand
notes than the absolute necessities of the Govern-
ment require to carry on the war with vigor. I
am disposed to give the Secretary power to issu«
the additional $150,000,000 United States notes
asked for by him; but, at the same time, 1 feel
the importance of having this power exercised
discrectly, and I tiust that he will not issue, or
pay them out at all, when money can be obtained
at par on our six per cent, bonus. I do not un-
derstand that the Secretary intends to have them
all issued and put into circulation at any one time;
on the contrary, I believe he has no such inten-
tion. He wants the power to issue and use them
if necessary, but not otherwise. When he can
obtain a sufficient amount of money at par, on six
per cent, bonds, or by temporary deposits in the
Treasury, there will be no necessity for their is-
sue, and the Secretary assures us in his letter that
no further issue of notes will be made when that
can be done; and, besides, the bill provides for
his retaining in his own hands legal tender notes
equal to owe third of the temporary deposits that
may be m the Treasury. Our Army and Navy
and all debts of the Government should be punc-
tually paid. No sacrifiec on our part should be
too great to raise all the means necessary for this;
purpose. The Secretary should, thcrefme, bo
clothed with ample power to meet any exigency
that may arise.
The money for the large liabilities of the Gov-
I ernment that have actually been met aud canceled
I since the passage of the first legal icmler"i>o4e bill#
j could not have boon vai&ed by a Ccvccd sale ef six
1 per cent, bonds without u heavy sacrifice. Whert
' that bill passed this. Houss our six percent, twenty
i years bands were ten per cent, befew par. Nw
