1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Policy and Object of the War—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. op Reps.
mony with this line of policy, when considered
with known facts, is the reeentemancipation prop-
osition of the President, and by the adoption of
which the nation stands pledged to become the
purchaser of all slaves whom their owners are
willing to sell. The vast sums it would require
to fulfill this pledge, if ever accepted, would alone
make us pause before adding'this immense weight
to the already grievous burdens which for long
years will crush honest industry in the dust.
The intimation in the concluding portion of the
message, together with its repetition more recently
since, speaks alanguage too plain to be misunder-
stood, and in view of its certain rejection by those
to whom it is more immediately addressed, the
proposition while preferring " no claim of right
by Federal authority to interfere with slavery
within State limits," yet plainly foreshadows the
intention to take without compensation that for
which compensation had been refused. The great
end would be attained, admitted rights subordina-
ted to the requirements of" indispensable means,"
and the offer to buy would justify the taking of
that which the owner had declined to sell.
The recent vote of the House upon this ques-
tion, by which they rejected thebillconsummating
this policy, disclosed the fact that a large majority
of the dominant party were, and are yet, in favor
of the measure; and up to that time party disci-
pline had not succceded in forcingasupport from a
few of its members, whose judgments could not
then approve the measure, and who were insensi-
ble to the frowns or smiles of power. The recon-
sideration of the vote, however, again brings the
question before us; and the success of that effort
admonishes me that it is but the forerunner of the
triumph of the measure; and the extracts I have
quoted from the remarks of gentlemen has been
done to show the animus which prompts the ac-
tion. But, sir, it matters perhaps but little what
we may do; the high and dangerous acts of power
already exercised by the Executive warn us
against surprise at any further encroachment from
that quarter; and in the recent proclamation rela-
tive to General Hunter's action, is clearly fore-
shadowed the intention to assume absolute control
of tins subject, and to exercise the power, what-
ever our action may be. The history of nations
teaches us that power is ever stealing from the
many to the few, and when submitted to, con-
tinues until endurance ceases to be toleiable, and
once gone, like the remission of sins, is never
attained without the shedding of blood.
Theact confiscating all the property of those in
rebellion deserves, at least,a mere mention in this
exhibit of unconstitutional legislation.
I say, Mr. Chairman, unconstitutional, for the
arguments made in both these Houses have yet
been unanswered, and will remain so;coming,as
they have, from the most eminent in ability in
cither House, and from the ranks of the domin-
ant party, these efforts will remain not less proof
of their clear perception of les;al principles than
their supreme respect for the Constitution. The
plea mainly urged in their support, that in a state
of war you may by all means consistent with hu-
manity and in your power weaken the strength
of your adversary and add to your own, signally
fails in this case to afford the least justification,
for not until this rebellion shall be subdued and
the armed opposition crushed out, can any pro-
vision of cither this or the emancipation scheme
be made in the slightest degree effectual. When
this is done, and the triumph of yourarms is com-
plete, the enforcement of either of these measures
becomes a measure ofpunishmentfor pastoffenses,
and in no respect a means by which to achieve
success.
Not content with conferring freedom upon this
race, it is earnestly sought to enroll them in the
armies of the Republic, and elaborate arguments
and heated appeals are made by gentlemen in both
Houses of Congress to ingraft this odious fea-
ture upon the policy of the war; confessing there-
by the wantof confidence in the power ordevotion
of the freeman of the North to maintain their
sovereignty and Government, they would appeal
for help to the crouching slave of the rebel; and
when by his aid your power is again established,
with what vehemencc would be urged his right
to enjoy all the privileges of a Government his
arm had assisted to preserve.
But not limiting their efforts to individuals, we
sec an attempt to utterly destroy the States them-
selves, to rcduce to the condition of Territories
each of the seceded States, and govern them by
our own views of what their and our necessities
may seem to require. This idea, monstrous as it
is, is an unblushing violation of the Constitution
which binds the nation " to guaranty to every
State a republican form of government," and is a
distinct outrage upon the rights of every loyal
citizen of any of these States, each of whom arc en-
titled to claim at our hands the benefit of the pro-
vision I have rcfeired to, yet found fifty-six gen-
tlemen on the other side of the Chamber who were
unwilling that a bill to effect this object should be
laid upon the table. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] says upon this point, in
alluding to South Carolina, " suppose it should
be that in the ordei of God's providence the terri-
tory of that State shall be divided, and belong to
the surrounding States, the object of the war will
be accomplished, the peace of the country will be
restored, treason will be put down, rebellion will
be overcome,and the rightful authority of the laws
and the Constitution will be maintained." It cer-
tainly is not so easy to see how all these very de-
sirable results will be attained, or the object of this
war, as I understand it, accomplished, by the par-
tition of the State of South Carolina; especially
when the " surrounding States" arc to be the re-
cipients of the dissevered fragments; however, as
this is to be attained in some way by the provi-
dence of the Almighty, 1 am disposed to concede
its possibility, improbable as it may appear. The
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Conway] also, upon
this subject, declares that " the wishes of the
masses of our people arc to conquer the seceded
States to the authority of the Union, and hold
them as subject provinces." The gentleman from
Indiana[Mr. Julian] prescribes the same remedy:
" Let us." says he, " convert the rebel States into
conquered provinces, remandingthem to the status
of new Territories, and governing them as such in
our discretion."
In this review of measures proposed and adopted
by the party in power, it would be incomplete if
1 failed to notice some others, indicative of their
determination to abandon the least pretension to
the high conservative ground at the opening of
this contest they seemed to occupy, and which
some few distinguished and honorable exceptions
have been and are yet endeavoring fruitlessly to
maintain.
In the abolition of slavery in this District,
although probably within the limits of power, yet
the violation ofgood faith to the States which ceded
the territory must ever remain manifest while the
history of the facts connected with the cession
exists; but at this juncture of our affairs, when so
much depends upon strengthening the hands of
the Union men of the South, and inspiring them
to fiesh effoits as our aims open the way for
peaceful triumphs under the old flag, no measure
could be moie disheartening. Then* influence is
not lightly to be esteemed, for they constitute tho
nucleus around which, if ever, must gather the
elements of returning loyalty to the Government,
and upon which it must ultimately alone rest for
its support. Your armies may be justly and prop-
erly used to crush armed rebellion, and thus se-
cure the bringing of traitors to justice; and in this
I bid them God speed; but until the structure of
our Government is changed, they can never be-
come the permanent means of power. No one has
pretended that this act was at all necessary for the
successof ourcause; it stands as an act of author-
ity over the rights of those whose wishes were
never consulted in the matter, or opportunity
given for their expression.
The recent application of the principle of pro-
hibition to all the Territories of the Union in the
ubsence of the least necessity to protect them from
slavery, and after the organization by the party
in power of the last remaining ones in a manner
agreeable to them, shows a disposition to abandon
positions voluntarily assumed, and which have
given satisfaction to thecountry, for no other pur-
pose apparently than to show your power, and by
continuing the agitation demonstrate the falsity of
your professions, if indeed it was not Intended to
drive from the support of the Government every
citizen of every slave State.
While this race is in our midst, and measures
for their benefit have been discussed in more shapes
than Proteus ever could have assumed, it would
be surprising if the same race abroad had not re-
ceived consideration. A philanthropy which turns
a reluctant ear to the just claims of our own citi-
zens, whose fathers and husbands have fallen in
this strife, in order that no time may be consumed
on measures not intended for the benefit of its es-
pecial favorites, must needs be insincere, if it fails
to search creation's limits for similar objects of its
regard. The search has been made, the effort
successful, and in the recognition of the sable
sovereignties of Hayti and Liberia, even though
by the neglect of our white constituents, we show
our sense of the paramount importance of this
race, and that wherever situated, they shall, in any
event, receive our regard.
The cost of this contest is accumulating a load
of debt which no man now living will, in all hu-
man probability, fail to be annually reminded of;
and as an evidence of the extreme care bestowed
upon this part of our duties, in order that its rigid
sciutinyat our hands may be perceived, I will
only mention that when, a short time ago, a bill
was submitted to us by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and never before considered in the House,
appropriating the trifling sum of $30,000,000, and
that for the most suspicious of all objects—a de-
ficiency—that committee, whose word is law,
kindly consented to give us thirty minutes for its
examination before pressing it to a vote; a minute
for each million, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Thomas] very pertinently observed.
Prom the whole tenor of these measures as thus
briefly examined, I ask is it not fairly inferable
that the original policy in prosecuting this war is
now sought to be entirely changed, and instead of
the war being prosecuted for the restoration "of
the Union as u was, and to maintain the old order
of things," whom every man's rights received some
respect, the odious policy of abolition is in the
future to direct the continuation of the struggle?
Against such a change, of all others, in the name
of a loyal people, who have sent thousands of
their sons and brothers to the field to fight the
battles of the Constitution and put down the re-
bellion, I feel myself imperatively bound to pro-
test ; the very name and measures of abolition were
always nothing but hateful to them, which they
never sustained by their votes, nor would ever
uphold by their arms.
Jt may further be well asked, whether the adop-
tion of this policy, and the abandonment of the
one first proclaimed and avowed by every depart-
ment of the Government at the commencement of
the contest, is not a fraud upon the loyal and anti-
abolition part of the people, intended and designed
to enlist their efforts in tne name of the Union, in
a crusade against constitutional rights and piiv-
ileges; and when, through their efforts, success
over treason shall have been achieved, then to de-
liver them bound hand and foot in the camp of a
faction, not less enemies of the country than the
traitors they had overcome. Go on, then, and
demonstrate to the country that the great Repub-
lican party, whose mission was to bring back the
Government to the principles of the fathers, is
faithless to its pledges and to the Constitution;
prove that its regard for law is but a cheat, that
its high-sounding professions of attachment to the
principles of the Constitution, but empty sound;
and that it will now subvert both to giatify the
pestilent demands of abolition.
Why should it now prevail in the councils of
the nation ? Does its damning record of perfidy
to law in the past qualify it to-day to become our
champion in a contest with treason?
Before the commencement of this struggle but
one single triumph graced its banners, and that,
sir, of a character which strikingly illustrates its
nature*, and in connection with the role it has
played in bringing on this rebellion, will ever il-
lumine its history. Seeking to divide that it might
conquer, with slow but insidious: steps it sought
and found entrance to the fold of the Church, and
among those whose hearts had been touched by
the holy fire from the same altar, and who together
had pai taken around a common table of the sim-
ple bur affecting emblems of a divine expiation,
it sowed the seed of bitterness and hate. '] huse
who for long years had earnestly and jointly la-
bored in their divine mission became to each other
more than strangers. They parted more in anger
than in sorrow, and in the disruption of that great
