288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
37th Cong....2d SessT Commercial Belations with the British Provinces—Mr. Pike.
Ho. 03? Reps.
Church, whose communicants are scattered all over
this broad land, the nation felt the sundering of
one great ligament which had bound it toget^ipr.
The first blow to our unity had been given, and
the rending asunder of the bonds of religious fel-
lowship became, as it was, the precursor of the
present attempt to dissolve the political connec-
tion. In the present effort to overthrow the Con-
stitution, with such trophies to point to in the
past, to this party may justly be awarded a divis-
ion of the honor with treason, of being the at-
tempted assassins of the Republic. In the effect
of its proposed measures upon the white race and
their liberties, I repeat here the words of the great
and departed statesman of Kentucky, delivered
in the Senate of his country long years ago. Says
Mr. Clay:
" The liberty of trie descendants of Africa in the United
States is incompatible with the safety and liberty of the Eu-
ropean descendants. Their slavery torms an exception, re-
sultiugfrom a stern and inflexible necessity, to the general
liberty in the United States. We did not originate, nor are
we responsible for, this necessity. Their liberty, if it were
possible, could only be established by violating the incon-
testable powers of the States, and of subverting tile Union.
And beneath theiums of the Union would be buried, sooner
or later, the liberty of both races."
Mr. Chairman, there is no one more desirous
than myself of seeing this rebellion suppressed and
its instigators and guilty leaders receive the fullest
punishment due to their most heinous crime. This
I firmly believe can be done, and that effectually,
by strictly pursuing the plan marked out in the be-
ginning, anil in this path achieving success with-
out its being at the expense of the Constitution. I
am not one of those who, like the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] regard that instrument as a
thing to be trampled upon, even thereby to achieve
any result. He says:
" Not that the Constitution is so absolutely perfect or so
entirely sacrcd that we can m no event disregaul i£."
How this sentiment can be reconciled with the
oath which he took when admitted to his seat as
a member of this House, the only pledge he was
required to give of his faithfulness, I leave for him
and other equally skillful casuists to determine.
Strike down that instrument in ever so small a
part, and a greater blow than unsuccessful treason
could inflict will have been given. Stricken in the
house of its friends, the nation may indeed mourn
for the faithlessness of its pledged defenders.
For long years it has served as a bright light to
guide and direct the efforts of men everywhere
striving for the blessings of a free popular Gov-
ernment, while to each of us it has proved a shield
and protection. Formed in our weakness, it has
encompassed us with its blessings in our strength.
We have seen it expand by its own force over
nearly twice as many States as first received its
eare,and with not. more solicitude does the parental
heart entwine itself in loving folds around each
new pledge of their affection, than has this instru-
ment sought the welfare of its youngest born.
Your armies may triumph on a thousand fields
and gather imperishable renown, but if in conflict
with treason you conquer by any other sign, the
fruits of victory will wither ana perish in your
hands. The nation weeps to-day for the loss of
her sons who i#ve fallen in her defense; their
memory she will cherish as part of her jewels,
but to this grief, great as it is, add not that other
sorrow of seeking success over the broken ruins
of the foundation and corner-stone of her great-
ness.
Prom out of the smoke of the sacrifice now as-
cending to heaven from all over this broad land,
may we see ere long the genius of the Constitu-
tion and the Union issuing radiantly forth; it will
be with gouts of blood upon her robe, but clad, I
trust, in the garments of peace, and upon her
brow a crown of unextinguished stars.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS VV1T1I THE BRITISH
provinces.
SPEECH OF HON7. F. A. PIKE.
OF MAINE,
In the House or Representatives,
June 3, 1862.
The House being in tlic Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. PIKE said:
Mr. Chairman: A few weeks since, my State
Legislature sent here resolutions, which I had the
honor to present, upon the commercial relations
between this country and the outlying British
provinces on the north and east of us, and I de-
sire to speak for an hour upon a subject which
they deemed of sufficient importance to arrest the
attention of Congress. As the continuance of the
war increases the pressure upon our financial re-
sources it becomes more necessary to do what we
can to enable the tax payers to bear easily, and
without inconvenience, the burdens imposed upon
them. There is this intimate connection between
commerce and war—as the one flourishes or de-
clines, the other can be prosecuted with more or
less efficiency.
It has been necessary for Congress to exercise,
with some rigor, its odious power of taxation;
and during the discussions of the many details of
the act, we caught glimpses of the workings of
the treaty of 1854, facetiously called the recipro-
city treaty. The views we thus obtained were
riot favorable. It was found to stand in the way
of fit and wholesome taxation. Moderate assess-
ments, which were made by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and would have yielded con-
siderable revenue, were abandoned because of this
treaty. Thus it interposed itself between us and
our necessities, and deprived the Government of
important support at this critical juncture.
But we did not see its worst features. It not
only deprives Government directly of an amount
of money that would otherwise come into the
Treasury, but it inflicts the more serious injury
of restricting and impoverishing the trade of the
country, and thus rendering it less able to con-
tribute in future to the public necessities. This
is a grave charge against a measure which had
the almost unanimous consent of Congress to its
initiation; for we know that the experience of
other nations, running all through modern history,
has shown an immense capacity of taxation in
every commercial community whose trade is left
undisturbed. Our own experience furnishes the
same testimony. We have already, at another
period of our history, taken from our people, by
means of taxation, very much more, in proportion
to their possessions, than we shall be obliged to
do now. In 1816, when our population was
about eight millions, and valuation not over two
thousand millions, we raised from taxation and
tariff about forty-eight millions, or six dollars per
head. When this rebellion shall be crushed we
shall have eight times the wealth we had at that
time, and shall be called upon but for three or at
most four times the amount then furnished. It is
evident, sir, that we have but to address ourselves
earnestly and wisely to the contributing interests
of the country and see that they do not suffer in
their business operations, and this burden of taxa-
tion will be carried lightly and easily.
We are now engaged in discussing some of the
questions that sought a solution at the hands of
Congress when the collector was last sent among
the people by the General Government. The
Congress of 1816 had to do with the laws of navi-
gation, making endeavors to support a declining
commerce in its contest with the great maritime
nation of the earth, and to encourage the efforts
of our infant manufactures. To-day, after the
lapseofforty-six years, we congratulate ourselves
that the people we call upon by taxation have
won the leading position among commercial na-
tions, owning five and a half millions of tonnage,
and are busily engaged in pushing their manufac-
tures into foreign markets in competition with
the capital and experience of the Old World.
This is a cheering result, and one not obtained
without great effort.
This country, sir, has witnessed two great in-
dustrial struggles since the formation of our Fed-
eral Constitution. The wisest men of the nation
have borne part in them. They have taxed the
wits of the strongest men of all portions of the
country. One tuns back to a period anterior to
the formation of the Constitution, and indeed had
a large influence in its creation, and the other
springs more immediately from the necessities
occasioned by the second war with England.
When we began our career as an independent
Power, our two and a half millions of people were
scattered along the sea-coast and the immediate
vicinity of the great rivers. They had not then
pushed away from the shores where they and their
fathers were landed from the Old World. There
was " ample scope and verge enough" for the dis-
play of all their activities within the sound of the
ocean and the rivers falling into it.
They were therefore necessarily commercial.
The cotton-gin had not been invented, and
Charleston built ships. Cotton factories as yet
were not, and New England was engaged in what
King James termed the honest and apostolic call-
ing of fishing. They were ready " to fetch and
carry by sea;" and years before, to the siege of
Louisburg transported their own troops in their
own vessels.
But commerce found Great Britain its great
rival. The peace of 1783 was a hundred and
thirty years after the establishment of Cromwell's
navigation system. These celebrated laws had
at that time' accomplished their original purpose
of destroying the supremacy of the Dutch, and
England was wielding Van Tromp's broom and
boasting herself as mistress of the seas.
The contest began with the individual States,
but it was soon found that they were no match for
her. It required concerted action, most wisely
and efficiently directed, to produce a marked effect.
The thirteen States, with conflicting and changing
laws, were repeatedly furnishing new victims for
the triumph of the navigation acts. Our efforts from
1783 to 1789 to make a commercial treaty utterly
failed, and our ministers came back from London
to press upon the people of the Confederacy the
necessity of consolidation in the aspect we should
present to foreign Powers, and the result was the
Federal Constitution. The power of establishing
duties upon imports and shipping was taken from
the States and given to Congress.
Then commenced our real rivalry with Great
Britain in the race for the commerce of the world.
The uniform system of commercial policy laid
down by the First Congress, Mr. Huskisson said
in Parliament, in 1826, was the first heavy blow
aimed at the navigation of England. This was
quickly followed up. The men who had furnished
brains for the Revolution were in full power. Jef-
ferson's report of 1793 was followed by the adop-
tion of Madison's resolutions in January of 1794.
The plan of the campaign was matured. Parlia-
ment had rejected Pitt's liberal proposition of com-
mercial reciprocity, and acting under the influence
of shipbuilders, who urged a special interest, and
of refugees, who insisted upon punishing the na-
tion they had deserted, arrogantly asserted that
the object of England was not reciprocity or lib-
erality, but to raise as many sailors and as much
shipping as possible.
The counteracting force to be employed against
the antagonism of the English position was retal-
iatory law. As Mr. Jefferson said in his report,
there were two methods of removing onerous for-
eign restrictions: " by friendly arrangements with
the several nations where they exist, or by sepa-
rate action of our own Legislature for counteract-
ing the effect." The first we failed in. The com-
missioners who negotiated the treaty of 1783 were
entirely unable to conclude a commercial treaty,
and our first minister, Mr. Adams, was equally
unsuccessful. But the passage of our navigation
acts brought about the treaty of 1794, usually
known as Jay's treaty, and the first we were able
to agree upon with our great antagonist.
This treaty did not authorize trade with the Brit-
ish colonies in America; Great Britain forbadeall
intercourse with them except in British vessels.
At that time we. were rapidly increasing in ship-
ping; our whole tonnage at the time of the forma-
tion of the Constitution was but two hundred thou-
sand tons. This had tripled when Jay made his
treaty, and notwithstanding the annoyances and
obstacles the overshadowing power of Great Brit-
ain threw in its way, it continued its wonderful
increase, and before the second war with England
had arrived at the respectable figure of one million
fourhundredand twenty-fourthousandseven hun-
dred and eighty-four tons, considerably more than
two thirds of which was engaged in foreign voy-
ages.
These antagonisms continued for eighteen years
after Jay's treaty, and could no longerexist with-
out war. And what with direct war ourselves, and
a cessation of hostilities between the nations of
Europe, whose carrying we had been doing, our •
commerce suffered so great a check, that in 1832
we had no more tonnage than in 1810. It was,
however, in a more healthy state, for the coast-
