2768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IT.
they are from one to two per cent, above the price
$f gdlcf*' If, at the time of the passage of the first
ftdtfc bill, large amounts of bonds had been forced
upon the market, as would have been necessary
&ut for the passage of that bill, it would have de-
pressed the six per cent, bonds still lower. There
^ras not then money enough in- the country seek-
ing permanent investment, to absorb all the bonds
required by theGoyernmentto meet the immediate
ana pressing demands upon the Treasury. This
state of things may again occur. I hope not. I
trust that there will be no necessity for any con-
siderable issue of new notes; but to guard against
possible contingencies, 1 am willing to confer large
powers upon trie Secretary, believing that he will
exercise the power wisely,.patriotically, and for
the best interests of the country. 1 shall not,
therefore, hesitate to clothe him with this gicat
power,and shall, under the exigencies of the crisis,
vote for this additional issue of legal tender notes.
As to the propriety of authorizing the Secretary
to issue a portion of this amount in sums less than
five dollars, I should, under ordinary circum-
stances, oppose giving such authority. As a gen-
eral rule, the issue of small notes should not be
adopted for a national currency; but I am disposed,
in the present exigency, to vote for this provision,
in accordance with the suggestions of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and for the reasons mgud
by him in his communication, sent to us on the
7th instant. I read from Miscellaneous Document
No. 81:
"Tf Congress shall sec* fit tn authorize the additional
emission proposes, it seems highly expedient that such part
as the public convenience shad require be issued m denom-
inations less than five dollars.
" I am aware of thegeneral objections to the issue of notes
under five dollars, and concede their cogency, indeed,
under ordinary circumstances, they are unanswerable; but
in the existing circumstances of the country they lose most,
if not all, their force. The country is involved in the
expenditures of a contest for national existence, and it is
highly desirable that the bmdens of the people be made as
tolerable as possible.
" if the restriction on the issue of small denomination be
removed, the wants of the country will absorb a ciiculation
of $25,0(70,000, and perhaps moie. The intciest on this cir-
culation, say $1,500,000 a year, will be saved to the tax
payers.
" Payments to public creditors, and especially to soldiers,
now require large amounts of coin to satisfy fractional de-
mands less than five dollars. Great inconveniences m pay-
ment of the troops are thus occasioned. With every effort
on the part of the Treasury to provide the necessary amount
of coin, it is found impracticable always to satisfy their
demands.
" When the amount required is furnished, the temptation
to disbursing officers to exchange it for any small bank
notes that the soldiers or the public creditor* will take is
too great to be always resisted. And even when the coin
reaches ihe creditors it is seldom held, but passes, in gen-
eral, immediately into the hands of sutlers and others, and
di&appears at once from circulation. The inconveniences
therefore to the Government and creditors ftom the absence
of United States notes of small denominations are not
compensated by anybody.
" it may pioperly be further observed, that since the Uni-
ted Slates notes are made a legal tender, and maintained
nearly at the par of gold by the provision lor the conversion
into bonds bearing six per cent, interest payable in coin, it
is not easy to see why small notes may not be issued as
safely as large ones.
"The notes made a Ifegal tender circulate as monev,and
the Government may authenticate by device and Imprint
binall note* as well as small coins. The limit is to be louml
only in public convenience, which dictates denominations
in notes similar to denominations in gold, leaving the small
circulation of siver (less valuable than gold) as betore.
" Another consideiation which deceives to be taken in
the account is this, that resumption of payments in specie
can be more certainly and easily effected, and with far less
of inconvenience and loss to the community, if the cur-
rency, small as well a^ large, i<* of United States notes, than
if the channels of circulation are left to be filled up by the
emissions of non-specie-pa>ing coipoiations, solvent and
insolvent.
"These considerations of economy, of public advantage,
and of private convenience, seem to me to justify fully the
removal of the restriction upon the issue ot small note's.
"X propose, Anther, to make arrangements /or the ne-
cessary engraving and other work, for the printing ami prep-
aration for the bsue of these notes in the Treasury De-
partment at Washington. I am led to believe that a very
considerable reduction of expense can be thu*> clTVcted.
Tne prospect, in my judgment, ceitainly warrants the trial.
" With ihe<e objects [ have piepared a bill which I pro-
pose to submit to the consideration of the committee. The
condition of the Treasuiy renders prompt action highly de-
sirable, and 1 trust it is not necessary to assuie the com-
mittee or Congress that snould the powus- asked for be
granted they will be executed only with the most careful
reference to the requirements of the public interest-
u Whatever the authority granted may be, no issue of
notes will be made except to replace notes withdiawn and
canceled, and to meet the current expendituies authonzed
b> Congress, which cannot be met from the leceipts of rev-
enue, from the increase of deposits, and from the proceeds
of the conversion into five-twenties.
" With great respect, S. P. CHASE,
" Secretary of the Treasury
I have thus briefly stated the condition and wants
of the Treasury. Two hundred and fifty million
dollars will be required, as I stated before,to carry
us to the 1st of January next. That is more than
the coin in all the banks of the United States, and
nearly equal to all the coin of the United States in
the hands of individuals and banks. The ground
upon which the Secretary of the Treasury, and
upon which the Committee of Ways and Means
rest this issue of notes, is the necessity of the case.
The Secretary urges immediate action in view of
the condition of the Treasury. 1 therefore trust
the House will take up this bill in the regular
way, debate it to the extent which may seem de-
sirable and necessary, and pass it at as early a
day as possible.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the substi-
tute by striking out from the woi d " and," in the
eighteenth line, to the word t( thereof," in line
twenty-nine, as follows:
And any holder of said United States notes depositing any
sum not less than fifty dollars, or some multiple of fifty dol-
lars, with the Treasurer of the United States, or either of
the Assistant Treasurers, shall leceive m exchange therefor
duplicate certificates of deposit, one of which may be tians-
miued to the Secretary of the Treasuiy, who shall thereupon
issue to the holder an equal amount ot bonds ol the United
States, coupon or rcgisteied, as may by said holder be de-
sired, bearing interest at the rate of six percent, per annum,
payable semi-annually, and redeemable at the pleasure of
the United States after five years, and payable twenty years
from the date thereof.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question. The gentleman
proposes to strike out the convertibility clause, and
I wish to know whether he proposes to substitute
any other kind of convertibility for these bank
notes than that of five-twenty years bonds, as pro-
posed in this clause ?
Mr. STEVENS. By the law as it now stands,
and as this law would be with this clause in it,
any person holding legal tender notes can compel
their conversion at par. Now it so happens, tit
this moment, that were it not for this provision,
they could be converted into bonds at nearly seven
per cent, premiumupon thebonds. OnFridayaud
Saturday last coupons were selling at seven per
cent, premium. These might not go quite so high,
but they would sell at considerable advance above
par. It is in order to give the Treasurer an op-
portunity to convert as large an amount of these
bonds as possible, at such rate as he may be able
to get, that I move to strike out this clause.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will state to the Committee
of Ways and Means the trouble which suggests
itself to my mind. I speak with deference to the
Committee of Ways and Means, because I have
not had the opportunity of investigatingthis mat-
ter as they have. The question with me is whether
we ought not to provide a better convertible fund
for these demand Treasury notes than we have
heretofore provided, instead of striking out the
one already authorized. It is true that the six
per cent, bonds running twenty years—to 1881—
were selling in New York yesterday at six per
cent above par. And yet, at the same time, the
six per cent, bonds, redeemable by the United
States after five years and within twenty, called
by the Secretary five-twenty years bonds, would
not bring such a premium. If they would com-
mand any such premium, these demand notes,
convertible into such bonds, would be brought
in for conversion with great rapidity, and there
would not be the large margin between gold and
our Government paper.
Now gold is six per cent, above Treasury notes,
and it seems to me it is our duty, if possible, to
legislate in such a manner as to approximate those
Treasury notes to gold, t have thought whether
we ought not to make these bonds, into which the
notes are convertible, full twenty year bonds in-
stead of five-twenty year bonds. The reason why
financiers do not want such bonds is because the
Government has the power to redeem them after
five years. They will pay much more for abso-
lute twenty year bonds than they will for five-
twenty year bonds. Thatis the reason why these
Treasui y notes do not come in as rapidly as they
would if the bonds had absolutely twenty years
to run.
Now, one reason, I suppose, why the Secre-
j tary of the Treasury opposes their being con-
I verted into twenty years bonds is the fact that the
Government might desire to pay them off before
their maturity, and as the six per cent, bonds will
be probably above par if we are at peace; with
a good income, and with prosperity within our
borders, we might be compelled to buy those
bonds above par as the last Administration was,
for it is well known that they bought in Govern-
ment stocks,before maturity, at sixteen percent,
above par. I do not believe that any such con-
tingency will occur. After the conclusion of the
war, and when the finances of the country shall
have assumed a more stable condition, in the liq-
uidation of bonds we shall first take up the bonds
issued for the debt of $70,000,000 incurred by Mr.
Buchanan's administration, and bequeathed by
that administration to Mr. Lincoln's administra-
tion, some of which are five and some six per
cent, bonds. Then I suppose we shall have to take
up these demand notes, and of course it will be
desirable to take up the seven and three tenths
bonds,if possible. 1 do not suppose thattlie Gov-
ernment will desire to liquidate a bond running
twenty years much before maturity. I throw out
these views crudely, and with no great confidence
in my own judgment about such matters. But
when I see gold going up six or seven per cent,
above Treasury notes, it strikes me that if it is
possible to make the demand notes convertible
into bonds more desirable to financiers, so as to
bring them nearer to gold, it would be very de-
sirable.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree perfectly with the re-
marks made by thegentleman from Indiana. I op-
posed the substitution of five years bonds for
twenty years bonds when the question was before
the House. I then said that I knew perfectly well
that they would not sell as readily nor for near as
much as the twenty years bonds. Every financier
must know that to be the fact, if he only looks into
the market list. But the House differed with me.
The Senate amended the bill, and when it came to
the House the House agreed with the Senate after
discussion here. I should be very glad now if it
were altered, and I hope the gentleman from In-
diana or some other gentleman will bring in an
amendment to change the bonds hereafter to be
issued to twenty years bonds. I am certain that,
there will be a difference of five per cent, between
the two classes of bonds. 1 have no very great
hope that we shall be able to redeem these bonds
in five years, and yet the purchasers of these
bonds, with the knowledge that they really have
twenty years to run, are buying them at the rate
of five years bonds, at a clear disadvantage to the
Government. I agree entirely with the gentleman
from Indiana, and I hope he will make some
movement to correct the evil. I do not feel at
liberty to do it because I resisted it here when it
passed the House, and the House overruled me.
All I predicted then has come to pass. I make no
claim to be a prophet. I only stated facts deduced
from past experience. As I said before, I shall
cooperate with any gentleman for the purpose of
bringing thisabout, butj offer this amendment in
order that the House may consider it, and I shall
not object to the committee's rising at this time.
Mr.'ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 would like to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee ot'
Ways and Means whether it is the purpose of the
committee to amend this bill so as to authorize the
issue of a less denomination than five dollars, and
if so, what amount?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman inquires as
to the object of the committee ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. What they in-
tend; what action they have taken.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill sent to us by the
Secretary of the Tieasury was in accordance with
his letter, which is upon our tables, and which I
see, by a misprint, is dated the 7th of April in-
stead of the 7th of June. The bill, in accordance
with that recommendation, provided for the issue
of notes of a smaller denomination than five dol-
lars. A majority of the committee was not in
favor of that recommendation, and the committee
have, therefore, reported the bill with that clause
stricken out; but I understand that it is the inten-
tion of some of the members of the committee,
not in beluiif of the committee, to offer an amend-
ment in accordance with the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps, of Missouri,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
