T86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
: The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Pearce, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Doolittle.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed'the following
enrolled bill; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 186) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate trade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the
frontiers," approved Julie 30, 1834.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed
on the 10th instant an act (H. 11. No. 224) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863.
RELATIONS OF THE SECEDED STATES.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed:
1. Resoled, That the Constitution of the United States
ia the fundamental law of the Government, and the pnwcn
established and giilutcd, and as pointed out and vested by
it, the limitations and restnetions winch it imposes upon
the legislative, executive, and judicial departments, and the
States, and the rights, privileges, and liberties which it as-
sures. to the people ot the United States and the States, re-
spectively, are ti\ed, peimanetit, and immutable thiougn
all the phases of peace and war, until changed by tile power
and in ttic mode proscribed toy the Constitution iu«eh ; and
they cunnot be abrogated, restricted, f!nlurged,or difiereutly
apportioned or vested, by any othei powei or in any other
mode. . ,
2. Resolved, That between tho Government and tho citi-
zen, the obligation of ptoteeuon and olx-diencv form mutual
rights and obligations; and to enable ovety citizen to per-
form his obligations of obedicnoo and loyalty to the Gov-
ernment, it should give him lea^onablc ptoteclion and se-
curity in such peil'ormauce; and when the Government
fails in that re«puet, for it to hold theeitizen to bo criminal
in not pert'orinin^ the duties ot loyalty and obedience, would
be unjust, inhuman, and an ouuage upon this age ot (Jlins-
tlan civilization.
3. Resolved, That if any powers of the Constitution or
Government of the United State>, 01 of the Slates*, or any
rights, privileges, immunities,.mil liberties ot the people ol
the United Sutos, or of the State^au; 01 may herealter be
suspended bv tho existence of this war, or by any promul-
gation of martini law, or by the suspension ot Hie wnt oi
habeas corpus, immediately upon the termination ol the war,
such powers, lights, privileges, immunities, and liberties
would be lesumcd, and would have Imee and effect as
though they had not been suspended.
4. Resolved^ That the duty of the Congresm to guaranty
to every ritate a icpubhean lonn of government, to pioteci
each ot' them against invasion, and, on the application ol
the Legislature ot Executive tlieicot, againstdomo -uc vio-
lence; and to enforce the authority, Constitution, and
laws of the United States in all the fcUatesaift constitu-
tional obligations which abide all time* and circumsuuices.
&. llwotred, That no State can, by any vote of secession,
oi by rebellion against the authomy, Consmution, and laws
of the United States, or by any other net, abdicate her i ight->
and obligations under that Constitution or thoso liuvs, or
absolve her people from thwr obedience to them, oi the
United States from their obligation to miaiantv to sueh
State a icptlhlicau form of government, and to protect her
people by causing the due cnfoieenient within her teiuto-
ries of the authonty, Constitution, and laws ot the United
States. , . .
6. Resolved, That there cannot be any lorfWtuio or con-
fiscation of the rights of pemon or propeity of any citizen
of the United States who is loyal and obedient to the au-
thority, Constitution, and laws thereoi; oi of any pcnon
•whatsoever, unless for acts which tho law has pieviou-ly
declared to be criminal, and for the punishment of which it
has provided such lorfciture or confiscation.
7. Resolved, That it is the duty of the United States to
subdue and punish the existing tebellion, by force ot arm*
and civil trials, m the shoitest possible time, and with the
least cost to the people, but so decisively and thoroughly
as to impress upon the piesent and future gom-iation* as :i
great ttuth that rebellion, except for grievous oppio^ion ol
Government, will biing upon the rebels tncoinp.uahly moie
of evil titan obedience to the Constitution and tho laws.
8. Resolved, That tho United States Covei nment should
march their aimtes into all the insurgent States and promptly
put down the military power which they have air.ived
against it, and give protection and.soeuuty to the loyal men
thereof, to enable them to reconstiuct then legitimate State
governments, and bring them ami the people back to the
union and to obedience and duty, undei tho Constitution
and the laws of the United States, bearing theswoid m one
hand and the olive bianch in the other; and whii-t inflict-
ing1 on the guiity leaders condign and cxcmplaty punish-
ment, granting amnesty and oblivion to the comparatively
innocent-masses. And if the people of any State camiotor
will not reconstiuct their State government and return to
loyalty and duty, Congress should ptovide a government for
sucli State as a Territory of the United States, semrmg to
the people thereof their appropriate constitutional rights.
RESOLUTIONS ON THE CALENDAR.
Mr. HALE. I see upon the Calendar a lot of
resolutions that have been standing there a good
while—two offered by me, that I wish to have in-
definitely postponed, so that they may not incum-
ber the Calendar any longer. I move that the res-
olution making an allowance to D. R. McNair, late
Sergeant-at-Arms, submitted on the 5th of July
last, and the resolution colling for copicsof the cor-
respondence relative to the arrest of Mason and
Slidcll, submitted on the 23d of December last, be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
same disposition made of a resolution that I am
tired of seeing stand on the Calendar, with my
name attached to it, inquiring what officers em-
ployed in the collection of the revenue may be
dispensed with—a resolution offered on tho 5th of
August last. I move that it be postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to that. I want to
have that resolution passed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then let it be referred to a
committee.
Mr. GRIMES. No; I wantit sent to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, let it lie for the
present.
INCREASE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up House bill
No. 104, fixing the number of members of the
House of Representatives. It is very important
that this bill should pass at this time. The Ken-
tucky Legislature is now in session, and it is in-
cumbent on that body to apportion our represent-
ation.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of tiie biil (H. II. No.
104) fixing the number of members of the House
of Representatives fi om and after the 3d of March,
18G3. It provides that, from and after the 3d of
March, 1803,the numberof mcmbersof the House
of Repi esentatives of the Congress of the United
States shall be 239, to be apportioned among the
several States according to the provisions ol the
art of May 33, 1850, entitled " An act providing
for the taking of the seventh and subsequent cen-
suses of the United States, anil to fix the number
of members of the House of Repicsentatives, and
pi ovule for their future apportionment among the
several Stales."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The bill was before the body at the
last session, and was leported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and the question now is on or-
dering it to tluid reading.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is necessary to amend
the bill in onier to effect the purpose designed by
it. Is it too late to offer an amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment which 1
propose is m lines six and seven, to strike out the
words " to lie apportioned among the several
States," and to inscit:
The members added bv tins act to be a^isnrd to tlio six
States having the tcug<;?>t niiicpre^ented tractions under Ihe
apportionment innde.
The number of Representatives proposed by
the bill is the prcsentnumber of tho other House,
which is nowcomposed of 239 members, and the
effect of passing the bill with my amendment will
be to keep the number of the House as it is now
until the next census shall be taken. The bill, as
it stood when it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, intended to effect the same thing; but
a certain process ofarithmetic, if you do iiotamcnd
it as I propose, makes it quite a different thing.
It was intended by the bill, as it was passed by
the House of Representatives with great unanim-
ity, to keep their number at 239, and to give the
additional six members beyond the 233 authorized
by the apportionment act of 1850 to the six States
having the largest unrepresented fractions. The
wording of the bill, however, as it came from the
House of Representatives, is such that if you take
the number 23'J, instead of 233, jis the divisor, you
will throw the fractions u pon a different set of Siates
entirely. But if you mean to give the six addi-
tional members to those States that now have by
th,- apportionment made accoiding to the act of
1830, upon the basis of 233 members, Ihe largest
fractions, you will effect the purpose which the bill
designed, and that is my amendment.
I do not wish to take much time with this bill;
but I would call gentlemen's attention for a few
minutes to .the very great effect (more' than at first
view they would suppose) of making a division
of Representatives among the States according to
population, on the basisfixed by the Constitution
as between the large and the smah States. A
table has been made of the population of every
State in the Union, and the number of Represent-
atives apportioned to each State. Rhode Island
has 174,621 inhabitants. Unless we pass this bill
Rhode Island will have but one Representative.
What number of people will that man represent?
—174,621, or in round nuirfbers, 175,000 will be
the number of his constituency. Taking 223 as
the divisor of the whole population, by which
the States generally have their representation, the
result is that the ratio is 126,903, almost 127,000.
Thus, by this division generally among the States,
there is a Representative for 127,000 people, but
in Rhode Island there is only a Representative
for 175,000 people.
All the people of these small States are reck-
oned to the full amount of their number in paying
direct taxes; fractions go for nothing then; the
whole number is counted. The Constitution says
that representation and direct taxes shall be ap-
portioned in the same way among the States, that
is, according to their population, hut in appor-
tioning the States for taxation, you count the
whole people, excluding three fifths of the slaves,
and you take no notice of fractions. When you
come to apply this provision to apportionment for
representatation, when you divide it among the
States, fractionsare found tocxist; and how does
that operate ? The State of Rhode Island loses
half its l-epiesentation; the State of Vermont loses
one third of its representation in Congress. How
would it be felt in New York, or Ohio, or Penn-
sylvania, if there was such an arrangement made
as that one of those States should lose one half
of its whole lepresentation ? If they looked at it
in this light they would be able, in some degree, to
appreciate how these small States feel when this
comes upon them. Wo cannot avoid making
these fractions; but I will state what 1 think is the
true basis, and I will endeavor to explain myself
so as to be understood, if I can.
The States should have theirrepresentation ap-
poitioned to them in such a manner that a-Rep-
resentative will, many Slate, have a constituency
equal, or almost equal, to the constituency of a
Repiesentative in any other State. The proposi-
tion stated in such bold tei ms will perhaps hardly
be appreciated without an explanation. Take the
State of Vermont, if you please, as an illustra-
tion. According to the last census thatStatehas
315,000 people, not counting hundreds. If you
give her two Representatives, which is all she will
have, unless this bill be passed, there would be
nearly 158,000 constituents for each Representa-
tive, when, taking the whole country togelliei,
126,000 is the proper representative number. If
you give Vermont three Representatives, as this
bill will, she will have a constituency of 105,000
people for each Representative, when the States
at large have one for 12G.000. That makes a
much more equal constituency to each Represent-
ative than the other division can make. Rhode
Island will have but one member, unless we pass
this bill. He will represent 174,000people, where-
as, generally, a Representative represents only
126,000. . ,
Mr. WILKINSON. How with Minnesota?
Mr. COLLAMER. There was an error in the
census of Minnesota, which has been corrected,
and Minnesota, I believe, will be subject to pretty
much the same inequality, unless it be corrected
by this bill. Minnesota has 172,000 people, but
by the apportionment, unless it be corrected in
the manncrnow proposed, she will have bat one
Representative. Thus, a man representing Min-
nesota, a largo State in size, but a little State now
in point of numbers, would represent 172,000 peo-
ple, whereas Representatives generally represent
126.000. If we give Minnesota two members, as
tile'bill with my amendment will, then her mem-
bers would represent Go,000 constituents each,
and the number of the constituency would be
very much nearer equality, in proportion to the
°-eneral apportionment, than it would be if you
gave Minnesota but one member, leaving a very
large fraction. So it is if you run through the
whole list.
Now I ask, and that is the basis of this amend-
