1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that will not be
done. «
The motion was not agreed to.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 151) to confiscate the property and free the
slaves of rebels is before the Senate*, and the im-
mediate question is an amendment in the form of
a modification of the original bill, moved by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. COLLAMER. At this late stage of the
discussion upon this subject, it can hardly be ex-
pected that very much of the attention of the Sen-
ate will be given to remarks from perhaps any
quarter; but I have felt it to be my duty to under-
take to address the Senate as well as the circum-
stances will permit. I have no desire to make a
speech for the purpose of home consumption. I
have prepared no rhetorical discourse. 1 have no
figures of rhetoric set down in a note-book, and
conned by rote. What I have to say is matter of
business, and I shall talk right on, for I am m
earnest about what I have to say, too much in
earnest to undertake to find figures of rhetoric or
anything by way of embellishment or adornment.
Mr. President, our nation is m a stage and con-
dition of its notional existence where undoubt-
edly it attracts more than it ever did before the
notice of the nations of the world, not merely in
relation to the skill which is shown in our new
projectiles or imptoved ordnance or invulnerable
ships, or even in our battles, but the attention of
the world is attracted to what is to be the result
on this great occasion of this national experiment
of ours. They say, " your experiment of a
republican form of government succeeds well
enough in time of peace when there is no occasion
to try it, when there js nothing to test it;" but
they have looked Ibrwatd to some time which
might bring periods of trial and convulsion; and
the question before the world is, is our system
competent to that occasion ,does it possess strength
and elements of power sufficient to meet the shock
of such a contingency ? If it will not do that, they
say it is not what we have claimed it to be before
the world—the great and successful experiment
in popular government. " Now," say the world,
41 we shall see whether you can succeed wit!), what
appears to us a feebly formed Government in a
peiiod of tiial." That we may be enabled to sus-
tain the integrity of the nation—I mean itsentne-
ty, not its sense of justice—by the physical force
of the nation is but one step in it. That is not the
point. The great question before the world to be
now settled by us is, can we sustain the integrity
of our Government, and perpetuate our institu-
tions, and do it uccoidmg to the limitations and
provisions of the Constitution.'' That is what is
to show that our Constitution is competent to the
trial, and nothing short of that. If, when this
occasion arises, we are compelled to resort to
means which, in elFect, are the means used by
stronger Governments, our experiment is a failure.
If we an; constiained to call up, invoke, and put
in exercise m any one department of the Govern-
ment—it is immaterial in what department of the
Government—moie of power, more of forcc than
the Constitution piovules, or than is limited by
that Constitution—the moment we do that, or are
corislifcunod fiom our supposed necessities to do
it, we acknowledge before the woild that our in-
stitutions aie insufficiently founded, and that wc
are after all compelled, in the period of trial, to
resort to the force which, they say, is necessary
to the existence of a nation, and our experiment
is a failure. We should, therefore, particularly
in a period like this, carefully study and sacredly
regard all the limitations and provisions of the
Constitution, ft is vain and idle in us to war
been called the father of ourConstitution, who cer-
tainly had more to do with framing it and obtain-
ing its adoption than any other man in the nation,
I have found a memorandum of his madein April,
1787, before the meeting of the convention that
formed the Constitution. Here is his memoran-
dum, which seems to have been made for his own
use, containing heads, stating what were the par-
ticular difficulties,infirmities,and trouble with the
Articles of Confederation, wherein they needed
change, with his remarks under each head in brief
notes. I desire now to read one of those heads.
It is this:
" 6. Want of guaranty to the States of then constitutions
and laws against interna! violence."
"Note.—C. The CJonicdeiaiion is Pilent on this, point,
and tii'.'iefo'e by thesecondarticle the hands of the Fedeial
authority aie tied. Aceoidmgto republican theoiy, tight
and power, being both vested in the luajonty, .ue held to be
synonymous;. Aceoifltn^ fo tact and experience, a ininonfy
may, in an appeal toroice, be. ail ovennatcii t'oi the ma-
jority: 1. It the minority happen to include ail >ueh as
po^es^ the skill and habits of military life, and iuch as po<
ses< the giear pecuniary ie^ourees,one thud only maj con-
quer the remaining two thirds. 2 One thud ot those who
pamcipate m ihe choice ot the iuIoh mav be lendeied a
majot.iv by the acco>Mon of those whoso povci ty exclude*
tin m from a righi ot -ufl'iage, and who. for obvious leason-s,
will be more likely to loin the standatd of sedition than that
of the established Government. U. Wheie slavciy exists,
the republican theoty becomes still more fallacious."
Mr. Picsident, who can read a remark of that
kind and not stand almost astonished at its un-
inspired predictions? Before us now, to-day, is
realized every woi d that was there written seventy-
five years ago. We have seen a few active politi-
cians, a few military men possessed of military
skill and ambitious of renown, with a few or more,
if you please, men of wealth, never, in my opinion,
constituting a third of the people of the southern
States, who have ridden rough-shod over the ma-
jority of their people and have established a gov-
ernment de facto that tides over them to-day. That
is what he said would happen; it has happened.
I shall be obliged occasionally to repeat things
that perhaps have been said hotter than I say
them m this debate, but they are necessary to the
consccutiveness of my remarks.
The duties of protection by the Government and
allegiance and loyalty by the people are recipro-
cal terms and duties. Neither of them can be ex-
acted by the otln r unless that part due by itself
is perfoi med. This is as true now as it was when
it was said and elaborated by Judge Parsons. Now,
sir, the men who have ridden over the people in
the southern States have established governments
(fa firfo; they aie operative on that people, how-
ever much they may have originated in usurpation.
How are we to look at such a people? What, as
a nation, is our duty to them? What is their duty
fo us as citizens? It is the duty of the Govern-
ment of the United States, iu>dcr the Constitution,
to suppress insurrection. That is our ditty, clearly
expressed in the Constitution, to put down insur-
lection everywhere m the United States. An in-
surrection l.s essentially injurious to that section
in which it arises, and the duty to have it sup-
pressed is most owing to those that are most in-
jured by it. Mr. President, have we put down
that insurrection? Have we relieved that people
from the incubus which is upon them ? Have wc
dispersed the insurgents who ride rough-shod
over them ? We have not done it. You may say,
" our duty of protection is to people that are loyal,
and we will protect them." Sn, if the people are
all the while loyal they do not need any protec-
tion; they stand in peace, of coin se. If we have
any obligations to the people of the States as mem-
bers of tins Republic, it is to protect them from
violence. When we guaranty them a republican
form of government in each State, it implies that
we have the exercise of power over them, at least
,| to secure to the body of that people the opportu-
agamsl a part of our people because they have ij nity to have, not a nominal and usurped, but an
made war upon this Government, if we at the same !, octual government within the Constitution of the
time have to sap the foundations of the Govern- ^ United States. That-is what we owe them.
mentby subbing through the vitals of the Con-
stitution. ]
Now, sir, T wish to call the attention of gentle-*''
men a moment, (for it is a matter of curiosity,)
not to what I say, but to a few words that Mr.
Madison said. 1 hold in my hand a part of the
proof-shcetsof the first volumeof the woiksofMr.
Madison. Those works are now being printed
under an act of Congress, and 1 have been fur-
nished with the proof-sheets of a part of the first
volume. In examining this work of one who has
I will remark another thing. These men have
established a de facto government over that people.
If a man finds himself in a de facto government
which lie cannot resist and has no power to con-
tiol, what are the limits and measures of his ob-
ligations 5 It requires a brave mail to say that he
will war upon H because he thinks it is a usurp-
ation. it would ben bold man who should say
now, " the United States made a lebellion against
England, and all the present power you have,
national and State, is itself but a usOrpation; 1 do
not owe it any obedience, and I will not obey it."
How idle it would be for an individual, a weak
man, to talk m that way! Just so it is with the
people in these States. However loyal their feel-
ings, a government de facto is over them; they ean-
notget away; they have nowhere to go; they have
nothing to go with. What would you have a man
there to do ? What has this nation a right to de-
mand of him ? What right have we to demand of
these people loyalty, allegiance, and obedience to
this Government, and to war on the government
de facto winch is established over them, when we
do not relieve them, furnish them with arms, dis-
perse the armies that are there, or disai m the men
who are their usurpers, but leave them in that
condition ?
**^jVIr. President, when I look at things in this
light, it seems to me it is a very questionable pol-
icy, and still more questionable ethics, for us to sir
here day after day, before relieving that people,
and while they are thus trodden on, making laws
by which we declare that they have taken their
States out of the Union and annihilated them, that
whatever charters they hold under their laws are
gofie, to unhouse them,stnp them, and confiscate
their property, taking advantage of their absence
when they are not repiesented here because they
submit to armed usurpation, and have no power
to do otherwise. It may suit the notions of equity
and right of some, but to my mind it looks more
like taking counsel from our resentments than from
our judgments.
A  But it is said " men have actually taken offices
yfherc under that government; they have had the
'^audacity to do that since that government has been
established over them." I do not profess to be
very highly versed m the ethics of politics, but I
am fond of looking to examples that are blight
and high. At the time of the rebellion under
Cronuvell, which had established a Government
do facto over the people of England, and had put
down the existing Government, application was
made to Cuief Justice Hale—a man whose char-
acter stands as high,perhaps, as any in the annals
of Christian judges—to take the place of Chief
Justice, lie being opposed to that Government.
Justice Hale consulted with a couple of his friends,
(bishops,) and after full deliberation came to this
conclusion: "justice must be admmistetcd; the
rights between man and man must be adjudged
upon; somebody must hold courts; I can consider
it no sin to take an office under a de facto Govern-
ment, though it is a usurpation." He took it;
and that man was not adjudged guilty of treason
upon the restoration of Charles U. He continued
m position ever afterwards. In all the tiouhles
between the house of York and the house of Lan-
lj caster, in the wars of the Roses, when revolutions
were constant and frequent, one day a man of this
family upon the throne, and the next day one of
the other, as early as the period of Henry VII, a
statute was passed which has abided in England
through all the revolutions afterwards, that no
man should be adjudged guilty of treason because
he was obedient to the reigning king, no matter if
his was a usurpation. Such, sii, is the respect
paid by the world, and especially that part of the
world from which we sprung, to a de J'acto Gov-
ernment; and the nations of the earth deal with
them as Governments, no matter what the usuip-
ation.
Now, Mr. President, at this time of great, se-
vere trial, while this great problem is in our hands,
it becomes us to address whatever of wisdom we
possess, with discretion and moderation, to some
adjustment of it. Let me not be mistaken. Two
branches of duty devolve upon us. The first is:
that the insurrection by force against us must be
put down by force. We shall never be legislated
out of war. We can no more be legislated out of
a war than we can be legislated into the millen-
nium. I do not believe that either will ever happen.
There is resistance by force, and it must be met
by force. No treatment can apply to it but that
of phlebotomy; it has to be addressed entirely by
blood-letting. It is of a .kind that " cometh not
forth even with prayer and fasting." That rem-
j edy alone can apply, and it must be sharp, decis-
i ive, conclusive; and no legislation can palliate
j that, none can relieve it. It is not any resolutions
or laws or speeches or vaporing within this Hall
that can anyway turn aside tne bayonets of the
enemy. But, sir, there may be measures in the
other branch of duty, and that is an endeavor to
