THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGrTOK, D, C,
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1862.
New Series.....No. 174.
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 187) to
authorize an additional issue of United States
notes, and for other purposes, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
printing op amendments.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the substitute re-
ported to-day from the select committee on con-
fiscation, the amendment offered by myself, and
also the views of the minority of the committee,
be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
FREEDOM IN THE TERRITORIES.
The first bill taken up for consideration was bill
of the House No. 374, to secure freedom to all per-
sons within the Territories of the United States,
which had been returned from the Senate with the
following amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill and in-
sert:
That from and after the passage of this act, there shall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude m any of the Ter-
ritories of the United States now existing, or which may at
anytime hereafter be lormed or acquired by the United
States, othet wise than in punishment of cnme whereof the
party shall have been duly convicted.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved the previous question
on concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS,ofMissouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bak^r, Beaman, Bingham, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell,
Chamberlin, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkting, RoscoeConk-
ling, Covode, Cutler. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Fisher, Frank, Gooch, Granger, Gurley,
Hale, Harrison, Hooper, Horton, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, KUlinger, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
McKnight, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S.
Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Pike, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander H.
Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks,Shef-
field, Shellabarger, Spaulding, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Train, Trimble, Van Horn, Veuee, Wall, Wal-
ton, Washbume, Wheeler, Wilson, Windoin, and Wor-
cester—72.
WAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Biddle,
George H. Browne, Calvert, Casey, Clements, Corning,
Cravens, Crittenden, Dunlap, English, Fouke,Grider, Hall,
Harding, Holman, Knapp, Law, Lehman, Mallory, May-
nard, Morris, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, John S. Phelps,
Richardson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Segar, William
G. Steele, Voorhees, Wadsvvorth, Webster, Chilton A.
White, Wickliffe, and Wood—38.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BLAKE stated that Mr. Blair, of Penn-
sylvania, had paired off with Mr. Crisfield.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, stated that
Mr. Cobb wasconfined to his room by sickness.
Mr. BAILY announced that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Patton.
Mr. MENZIES stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Baxter, or he would have voted " no."
Mr. PIKE announced that Mr. Vibbard was
paired off with Mr. Diyen.
Mr. PORTER stated that he was absent from
the Hall when his name was called, on an errand
for a wounded soldier, and asked leave to have
his vote recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri, objected.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the mouon to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
The next bill taken up was an act (H. R. No.
391) to punish the practice of polygamy in the
174
Territories of the United States and other places,
and disapproving«nd annulling certain acts of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah,
with Senate amendments.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert, as a
substitute:
That every person having a husband or wife Jiving, who
shall marry any other person, whether married or single, in
a Territory of the United States, or other place over which
the United States have exclusive jurisdiction, shall, except
in the eases specified in the proviso to this section, be ad-
judged guilty of bigamy, and, upon conviction thereof, shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding $500, and by impris-
onment for a term not exceeding five years: Provided,
nevertheless, That this section shall not extend to any per-
son by reason of any former marriage whose husband or wife
by such marriage shall have been absent for five successive
years without being known to such person within that time
to be living ; nor to any person by reason of any former mar-
riage which shall have been dissolved by the deereeof a com-
petent court; nor to any person by reason of any former mar-
riage which slialt have been annulled or pronounced void
by the sentence or decree of a competent court on the ground
of the nullity ot the marriage contract.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the following or-
dinance of the provisional government of the State of
Deseret, so called, namely : " An ordinance incorporating
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints," passed
February 8, in the year L851, and adopted, refenacted, and
made valid by the Governor and Legislative Assembly of
the Teiritory of Utah, by an act passed January 39, in the
year 1855, entitled " An act in relation to the compilation
and revfsion of the laws and resolutions} lu force m Utah
Territory, their publication,and distribution,"and all other
acts and parts of acts heretofore passed by the said Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, which establish,
support, maintain, shield, or countenance polygamy, be, and
the same hereby are,disapproved and annulled: Prodded,
That this act shall be &o limited and eonntiued a-> not to
aft'ect or interfere with the right of property legally acquired
under the ordinance heietofore mentioned, nor with the
right " to worship God according to the dictates of con-
science," but onl> to annul all acts and laws which estab-
lish, maintain, protect, or countenance the practice of polyg-
amy, evasively called spiritual marriage, howeverdisguised'
by legal or ecclesiastical solemnities, sacraments, ceremo-
nies, consecrations, or other contrivances.
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for any corporation or association for religious or
charitable purposes to acquire or hold real estate jn any
Tciritory of the United States, during the existence of the
territotial government, of a greater value than $50,000, and
alt real estate acquired or held by any such corporation or
association contrary to the provisions of this act shall be
forfeited and escheat to the United States : Provided, That
existing vested rights in real estate shall not be impaired
bv the provisions of this section.
"Amend the title so as to make it read: " A bill to punish
and prevent the practice of polygamy in the Territories of
the United States and other places, and disapproving and
annulling certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Utah."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think, Mr.
Speaker, that this is rather hasty legislation. I
should not be at all surprised if it were ascer-
tained that the Catholic Church in the city of
Santa Fe owns real estate to the amount of more
than fifty thousand dollars under grants made by
the Mexican Government. I was about to submit
a motion that the bill be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciaryi •% recollect very well that, in the
hurry and haste of legislation, a bill passed the
House to prohibit polygamy in the Territories,
which indirectly sanctioned it within the District
of Columbia, or inflicted no punishment for it
here. I desire that this matter shall be critically
examined, and therefore I think it should be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am perfectly
willing that the bill shall be passed over inform-
ally until the gentleman from Missouri can in-
form himself on the subject.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no objec-
tion to letting the bill remain on the Speaker's
table. Let the amendments be printed, and let
us know what we are legislating upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. X have ho ob-
jection to that.
It was so ordered.
BOUNTY TO VOLUNTEERS.
The SPEAKER next laid before the House a
resolution passed by the Senate this day, dis-
agreeing to the report of the committee ot confer-
ence on the votes of the two Houses on House bill
No. 413, making appropriations for the payment
of bounty authorized by the sixth section of the
act entitled " An act to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pr0.*;
tecting the public property," approved July 23,
1861, asking for a further conference on the said
disagreeing votes, and appointing Messrs. Sher-
man, Wilmot, and Powell, a committee of con-
ference on the part of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I move that the
House insist on its amendments, and agree to the
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Subsequently the Speaker appointed Messrs.
Washburne, Maynard, and Morris,*a commit-
tee of confcrence on the part of the House.
naval appropriation bill. -
The next bill taken up was House bill No. 423,
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1863, with Senate amend-
ments thereto.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
amendments be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
burning op washington infirmary.
The next bill taken up was House bill No. 449,
for the relief of assistant surgeons, medical cadets,
sisters of charity, and servants, sufferers by the
burning of Washington Infirmary on the night of
November 3, 1861, with an amendment of the
Senate.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move to
pass over the other bills on the Speaker's table,
to take up the agricultural college bill.
The motion was agreed to; and an act (No. 298)
donating public lands to the States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of ag-
riculture and the mechanic arts was taken up.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust it will
not be referred, but that the House will pass it.
Mr. POTTER. The bill should be considered
by the Committee onPublicLands,and therefore
I make that motion, and call the previous question
on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers
on the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman, and
Morrill of Vermont, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 56, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on Mr. Pot-
ter's motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to know
what the effect of the vote will be.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to refer be voted
down, the question will be on the third readingof
the bill; if it prevails, the bill will be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to inform the gentle-
man from Vermont that this bill has never been
considered m committee. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been five
years before the country, and is essentially the
same bill that has repeatedly been before the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 31, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Arnold, Ashley, Jacob ft. Blair,
George II. Browne, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Crla-
field, Dunn. Frank, Granger, Hall, Harrison, Holman,
Francis \V. Kellogg, Lovejoy, Mitchell, Morris, Pendleton,
John S. PhHp==, Pomerov, Poiter, Potter. Richardson, Rob-
inson, Trimble, Voorhees, Wall, Ward, Wilson,and Win-
dom—31.
NAYS—Missis. Alley, Ancona, Babbitt, Daily, Baker,
Beaman, Blake, William <x. Brown, Hutlinton. Bumhaua,
Calvert, Campbell, Cus-t-y, Chambcthn. Clements, Coming,
Covode, Cravens, Crittenden,Cutler, Dkvis, Dawes, DlVen,
Dunlap, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fisher,
Gooch. Grider, Gurley, liaight, Hale, Harding, Hooper,
