1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
ment, that you leave the House of Representa-
tives the number it now has, not increasing it at
all, but that you add six to the number of 233,
fixed by the act of 1850, and give the six to the
States that have the largest unrepresented frac-
tions; and that will biingallthe States to a more
nearly equal constituency than the present state
of things.
Mr. GRIMES, and others. What States will
have the additional representation?
Mr. COLLAMER. If gentlemen think that
the argument is strengthened at all by naming the
States to which the additional representation will
be given, if that go verns any bod y s vote more than
the justice of the case, I will certainly give the
names of the States affected by it. The bill, if
passed with my amendment, will give an addi-
tional Representative to Illinois,one to Kentucky,
one to Ohio, one to Minnesota, one to Vermont,
and one to Rhode Island. By the correction made
in the census of Minnesota, she comes in the place
of Iowa. But for this she would have but one
Representative, though her fraction is very large.
By the correction, she is more entitled to have an
additional Representative than Iowa. If that alters
the weight of the argument in the case of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, I cannot help it. That is the way
it stands.
I do not know that I can make the case any
clearer by adding to my remarks. I will merely
eay that, to my mind, the justice, the equity of
the case is so obvious that inasmuch as you can
make the number of the constituency of each mem-
ber more equal in this manner than you can by
leaving it to stand under the act of 1850, it is a
conclusive reason why the amendment should be
adopted. The House of Representatives enter-
tained that view; they meant to do that thing. To
be sure their bill wants amending in this manner
to effect the purpose; but il seems to me we may
well leave them to judge of the number of their
own members. That is what they desire; that is
the justice they wish to do; and 1 desire to assist
them in it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it would be well
that the Senate should have clearly before it the
effect of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont. Now, it will be found that the
representation will not be the same if you divide
by 233, and then give a representation up to 239
to the largest fractions, as it will if you divide by
239 in the first instance. It makes a difference.
If you divide the representative population of the
United States by 239 and then give to the frac-
tions enough to make up the number 239, it will
be found that the State of Iowa and the State of
Pennsylvania will each gain a member; but if you
divide by 233 and give a representation to the frac-
tions not only to make up the number 233, but also
to increase it to 239, other States will come in in
the place oflowa and Pennsylvania. It does not
affect the State of Illinois, for she will gam a meiii-
bei, if these six are added, m either event, whether
you divide the re-presentative population of the
- United States by 239 or by 233 and add six.
Any gentleman who will make the calculation
will see that fractions have to be represented to get
the number at any rate, because when you come to
divide the representative population of each State
by 233, and then add up the number of tunes that
233 is contained in the population of each State,
you will find that you will not have 233 members.
You have to take fractions to make up the num-
ber 233, because it will not come out even. That
is already done; and a number of States have now
oil the law as it stands a repiesentation of then-
fractional numbers. For instance, the State of
Connecticut gains a member on a fraction 
Mr. GRIMES. Keeps one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Keeps one, or has a mem-
ber for a fraction. The State of Georgia has one;
and also the State of Indiana, the State of Maine,
theState of Massachusetts, the State of Michigan,
the State of Mississippi, the State of Missouri, the
State of New Hampshire, the State of New York,
the State of North Carolina, the State of Penn-
sylvania, and the Slate of Tennessee. All those
States have a representation for a fraction under
the law as it now stands, dividing by 233. Now
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont is to
still continue your divisor, and to represent the
next highest fractions. The Senators from Iowa
and Pennsylvania will see how their States are
affected by this amendment. If you adopt the
next highest fractions below those which have
already been taken, you give the representation to
the six States named by the Senator from Ver-
mont, which are Illinois, Kentucky, Minnesota,
Ohio, Rhode Island, and Vermont; but if you di-
vide by 239, the States which will gain members
will be Illinois, Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
and Vermont; so that it makes that difference.
That is the effectof the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont.
Now, sir, whether it is best to interfere with
this subject at all or not, is another thing. It is
a troublesome and a difficult question at best.
There has always been a great deal of wrangling
over this question of apportionment; and in 1850,
I think it was, or after the census of 1850, Con-
gress passed a law to leave this thing permanent,
making it the duty of the Secietary of the Interior
to apportion the representation after each census,
so that there should be 233 members in the House
of Representatives. The reason that we have
now 239 arises from the admission of new States
since the census of 1850 was taken. If we now
open the subject, the same difficulty will arise
every decade, and the same thing will have to be
gone over again, and we shall have a contest
between the States as to which shall have the ben-
efit of fractions. I question very much whether
it is advisable for us to interfere with the present
law.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, prior to 1850, as
has been remarked by the Senator from Illinois,
this matter was a source of constant annoyance,
and vexation, and contest between the different
States; and the rule that was adopted in 1850 was
not adopted, as the Senator from Illinois sug-
gests, after the census was taken; but when Con-
gress were providing a rule for taking the census
they laid down, prospectively, without knowing
whom it was to affect, or how it was to operate,
a rule which they declared was to bo a permanent
and fundamental rule for the organization of the
House, fixing the number of Representatives at
233, and disposing of the fractions as has been
suggested. It was thought at that time to be an
eminently wise measure that Congress should,
beforehand and without knowing how it was to
operate on individual States, who were to lose or
who were to gain by it, lay down in the law for
making the enumeration, which was also made a
pet niancnt law and regulation, what the number
of the Representatives should be. As has been
suggested by the Senator from Illinois, the num-
ber has been increased fiom 233 to 239 by the
admission of new States; and it always must be
so, so long as we admit new States.
Now, sir, if the Congress of the United States,
after an experience of sixty years, seeing the op-
eration of fixing this thing once in every ten years,
then came to the conclusion, before the census
was taken, to lay down a fixed lule on this sub-
ject, how will it look, if the very first time that
rule comes to have any practical operation, you
depart from it in the manner proposed? As has
been well said by the Senator from Illinois, there
always will be fractions, large fractions, and there
will always be fractions that are not represented
that will come up very nearly to the number that
is represented. It is so now, and it always will
be so. If a fraction of 75,000 entitles a State to
ail additional Representative, it will be very hard
to convince the next State that has a fraction of
74,500 that they should not have a Representa-
tive: and the same argument which was made by
the Senator from Vermont might be applied, and
I it might be said, here are 500 men that give a Rep-
resentative to the State.
It so happens, in the operation of this rule, that
the little State which I in part represent here has
one Representative for its fiaction; but, sir, under
the operation of the census, we have gone on and
we have continually seen our members reduced.
We are lepresenled in the House now by just
half what we had then. Since my recollection,
we had six members; then we went down to five.
When I first had the honor of a seat on the floor
of the House of Representatives, we had four;
now we are lcduced to three; and tne probability
is, that at the next census we shall be reduced to
two, and possibly to one. I think 1 have as much
desire to see any State in New England well rep-
resented as I have my own State; but I think the
very fact that the Senator from Vermont thinks it
necessary to amend this rule, and to make the
divisor 233 when the whole number is 239, shows
that the proposition is on an unsound principle,
and cannot justly be commended to the favorable
consideration of the Senate. If the*number of Rep-
resentatives is*to be g39, instead of 233, why not
then divide by 239, according to the rule that is
prescribed by the census?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will indulge
me a moment, that is exactly the House bill.
Mr. HALE. I know it is.
Mr. COLLAMER. To mo, personally,it makes
no difference. My State will get one either way.
Mr. HALE. 1 know that is the House bill;
but the fact that a different mode is proposed shows
that a different result would be obtained by sub-
stituting one of these two divisors for the other.
It seems to me that the substitution of 233 for 239
is an entirely arbitrary one, resting upon no gen-
eial principles, and defensible, to my apprehen-
sion, by no sound philosophy. The same diffi-
culty will occur again. When we come to 1870,
the census will be taken. In all human proba-
bility, new States will be added between 38GO and
1870. When any one of the seven organized Ter-
ritories we now have shall come in as a State, we
shall have to increase the number of Representa-
tives. If we increase it this time, we shall prob-
ably have to increase it still more; and it seems to
me that the wisdom of Congress will consist in
adheiing to the law as it is written. It was not a
law that was hastily framed. It was not a law
against which one word of injustice has been
proved for the ten years that it has been on the
statute-book. Having been framed with so much
consideration, upon principles that are eminently
just, and against the just principles of which not
one woid has been said, it seems to me it would
be unwise, from any consideration such as has
been suggested, to depart from the settled provis-
ions of tiiis act of 3850; and that, too, the very
fust time it comes to have any practical effect,
when not a wmdof fault is found with the equity
of the principle or the general results which are
obtained by adhering to its provisions. For these
reasons, I am against the bill and against the
amendment; and I shall vote against any altera-
tion of the existing law.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I perceive
from the talk of gentlemen that their attention lias
not been drawn to this subject generally. They
do not seem to have considered its effect. The
Senator from New Hampshire did not seem either
to understand or to appreciate the argument which
I have endeavored to make to show that this prop-
osition was much more just. What 1 ask is sim-
ply that that number of" members shall be given
to the several States which shall leave the num-
ber of people they represent most equal. But
■some gentlemen suggest that they desire to look
into the matter, and perhaps it would be best to
let it lie for a day. 1 have no objection to that.
I desire it to be looked into, and 1 desire to be
heard further upon it, if the objections are to go
on, as I suppose they will to-morrow. I therefore
move that this bill be postponed until to-morrow
at one o'clock, and be made the special order for
that hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Vermont moves to
postpone the further consideration of this bill until
to-morrow, and make it the special order for the
day at one o'clock. That will require a two-
thirds vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not make
a bill of this character a special order.
Mr. CLARK, (to Mr.Collamer.) You can
get it up in the morning hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. I can never get the floor
in the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Chair calls up for
consideration the special order; which is the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will this bill be consid-
ered as the unfinished business of the morning
hour for to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will stand
as the unfinished business of the morning hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will do well enough.
ISSUE OP UNITED STATES NOTES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
240) to authorize the issue of United States notes
