290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
FJxme 3,
STth Cons....2d Sess. Commercial Relations with the British Provinces—Mr. Pike.
Ho. oe Reps.
a desirable light before those whose business it
was to consummate it. ItT is well known that
Canada spent considerable sums to aid in lubri-
cating its passage through the channels of official
routine in this city. McKenzie, after the passage
of the treaty, charged the Government, upon the
floor of the Canadian Parliament, with the ex-
penditure of sums of money in Washington, and
the Government officers did not deny it; and my
informant, himself a member of that Parliament
at the time, adds, " they could not deny it."
A material aid in bringing about the adoption
of.this unfortunate treaty was the report of the
special agent of the Treasury, authorized by res-
olution of the Senate to gather up statistics of the
lake trade. Appointed in 1851, he set himself dil-
igently at work in the business of concocting this
unprofitable bargain. Like a good judge, " ex-
tending his jurisdiction" altogether beyond the
" lake trade," he swept over the whole industrial
pursuits of the country, and made a report which
embraced a huge volume, plethoric of statistics of
the productions of every section of the country
from Maine to Texas. ' It was redolent of sug-
gestions for the extension of western railroads and
the improvement of western harbors, and eloquent
'upon the increase and magnitude of the "lake
trade," which needed only a good outlet to make
itself felt in the markets of Europe. It certainly
did great credit to the industry and ability of its
author.
But such a mass of matter literally overwhelmed
the respectable gentlemen at that time composing
the Congress. No efficient or organized opposi-
tion was made to the movement, and in the ab-
sence of vigorous statement to the contrary, it was
taken for granted that this great mass of trade, so
fully described, was to come into our hands and
swell all the channels of commerce until they
should cry, " hold! enough."
Such were the " great expectations" with which
this treaty set out; and though carefully " brought
up by hand," like poor Pip, it was destined to
severe disappointment.
We have now had seven full years of this treaty,
andean tell its merits. The returns we now have
show that it has disappointed every expectation
formed by its originators, and that in no one par-
ticular has it fulfilled the promises made for it in
advance of its consummation.
In examining the statements of trade since the
treaty has been in operation, we should bear in
mind that for some years before it was negotiated
we had a rapidly increasing trade with the prov-
inces. The table I have hero gives it from 1827.
Since 1854 the proportion of the population of the
provinces has increased rapidly, running from
about two million seven hundred thousand To three
million two hundred and seventy-one thousand
five hundred and seventy in 1861. That portion
of the United States contiguous to the provinces
lias also increased, but not so rapidly.
Ilad, then, the laws in force at the time of the
treaty remained undisturbed, we could reasonably
have calculated upon an increase of trade in pro-
portion to-the increase of population, or rather con-
siderably faster than population, because on both
sides of the lines the wealth of the people has for
a score of years largely outrun their numerical
increase.
But how is the fact ? Here are the figures. It
will bo recollected that the treaty was approved
by Congress in August, 1854, and that the fiscal
year ending June 30,1854, was the last fiscal year
prior to the treaty: •
TaUeshowivg the Irrnlc hetuiten the United States anil Biit-
ish North America.
Year ending Juno 30— Imports. .Exports. Total.
  §115,000 $3,704,014 S3,149,0] -1
I*>9  2,826,880 5,6®,106 8 494 DBG
IS-)!  8,9*27,560 24.566,660 33 494 220
IMS 15.136,734 27j906,020 43,042 754
1858 21,310,421 89,099.349 50!339.8:0
1837   22,124,296 24,262',482 46,386,778
1853 15,805,519 23,651,727 39,458 246
  19,727,551 28,154,174 47,881,725
iw  23,851.381 22,706,328 46 557 709
1861  23,062,933 22,745,613 45,808,546
This table is very instructive. It shows that
we exported to the provinces in 1854 nearly ten
times as much as in 1827.
Had our exports and imports after 1854 contin-
ued in ratio of the increase of piovincial popula-
tion^ 1861 we should have exported $29,480,232,
and imported $10,713,072, leaving the balance of
trade, about twenty millions, in our favor. In-
stead of that, we see by the table that the balance
of trade for the first time in our history is against
us, we having absolutely diminished our exports
and tripled our imports.
In 1854 we exported about three dollars for one
of imports, and now, in the last two years, have
imported about a million and a half more than
our exports.
So far as mere amount goes, we are evidently
losing some seven millions of trade annually—a
trade nearly three times the amount of our exports
to the provinces in 1827.
I am awjre, sir, that this is not a sure criterion
of the value of any trade; but it approximates.
When the country continues to import year by
year more than it exports, one of two things oc-
curs: we either run up a foreign debt, or pay the
balance with specie. As in private life, if the
farmer continues to buy more than the produc-
tions of his farm will pay for, he must either liquid-
ate the balance by a draft on a reserved fund, or
he must give the trader a mortgage on the home-
stead. As with individuals so with nations, which
are but aggregations of individuals.
Nor does it need an adept in political economy
to get at the characteristics of profitable and un-
profitable trade. A pithy definition of a profitable
tradeisgiven by Lord Lauderdale,in his Essay on
Public Wealth, and quoted in the report to which
I referred:
"Those trades may be esteemed good which consume our
products and manufactures, upon which the value ot our
land and the employment of our poor depend ; that increase
our seamen and navigation, upon which our strength de-
pends; that supply us with such commodities as we abso-
lutely want for carrying on our trade or for our safety, or
carry out mote than they bring in, upon which our riches
depend."
Tried by these tests, it will be found that the
effects of the treaty have been disastrous; for it
will be seen that the consumption of our products
and manufactures has diminished, the navigation
and seamen employed in the trade with the mari-
time provinces have been almost exclusively pro-
vincial, and that the supply of raw material fur-
nished us, so far from being absolutely necessary,
has come in competition with our own produc-
tions, to their great injury.
These are the general aspects of the working
of the treaty. When we examine it more partic-
ularly, and especially with reference to the inter-
ests 1 have mentioned as being active in origina-
ting it, we find similar results.
Ill 1854 we exported of our manufactured arti-
cles to the provinces, $8,034,390. In 1860, which
is the last year statistics have been furnished, the
amount was $6,582,515. Without the treaty it is
fair to presume the export of our manufactures
would have increased paripassu with the increase
of population; and-if so, in 1860 the export should
have been nine and a half millions, or about a
half more than it actually was.
The reason for this is given in the report of Mr.
Hatch, who, in accordance with the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, made an examina-
tion of this trade and reported upon it about two
years since. He says that the Canadians, having
accomplished an open market with us by means
of the treaty, wentto work immediately to derive
from it the greatest possible benefit to themselves.
This they attempted in two ways: one, to bring
the trade of the upper lakes through all their canals
and export it either by way of their Grand Trunk
railroad to Portland, or out of the St. Lawrence.
The other was, to (jlace a heavy duty upon Amer-
ican manufactures, and thus effect the double pur-
pose of cropping a large revenue off the imports
from the United States, and at the same time en-
courage the establishment of domestic manufac-
tures am'ong themselves.
^ The Canadians have certainly manifested con-
siderable ingenuity in the adoption of measures to
bring about the results they desired. They es-
tablished an increased tariff of duties. This was
an old device. But,in addition to this theymafie
their rates ad valorem, valuing the import at the
place where it was last purchased. Had Canada
been one of the United States, the great entrepots
of its imports and exports would have been New
York and Portland. But under this law, goods
purchased in Europe or the.West Indies and com-
ing to New York, and thence transhipped, paid
duty on their value in New York, while the same
goods, if imported into Canada by way of the St.
Lawrence, paid duty on their value in Europe or'
the West Indies. ■
By way of aiding this law, the tolls on their
canals were skillfully arranged. Vessels passing
through the upper or Welland canal paid full toll;
if they continued their voyage down through the
other canals and landed their cargo at Montreal
or Gluebcc, or carried it out of the St. Lawrence,
ninety per cent, of this toll was refunded.
The Canadians have been following our exam-
ple and building canals and railroads. Luckily,
Great Britain made large contributions towards
the cost, but the province has done enough to in-
volve itself in a very large debt. The public debt
of Canada is nearly fifty million dollars, and in-
curred almost wholly on account of the public
works, and this system of public works is made
use of to change the natural course of trade m the
modes I have mentioned.
The tariffs of Canada are given in Mr. Hatch's
report. They have been constantly increasing
until, in 1859, they ranged from twenty to forty
per cent, on our manufactured articles. The last
tariff was adopted with the special view of pro-
tecting their manufactures. This was avowed by
the members of Parliament who passed it. They
had made sure of the foreign markets by means
of the treaty of 1854, and throwing off all ideas of
liberality or reciprocity, determined to make the
most of their position during the life of the bar-
gain.
Several marked results have folio wed this course
.of legislation. I will specify them: diminished
shipments to thfem of our manufactures, as already
shown in the figures I have given. Large reve-
nue to Canada from the articles we sell her, and
none at all to our Government on the articles which
she sells us—in 1854 we received $1,243,403 for
duties on goods imported from Canada, now we
do not obtain enough to pay the revenue officers
along the lines; on the other hand, Canada taxes
twenty to forty per cent, on some eight or ten
millions of goods she imports from us, collecting
annually nearly two million dollars. The rapid
growth of manufacturing establishments in Cana-
da—Mr. Hatch says they now manufacture every-
thing, from ashoe peg to alocomotive engine; Mr.
Ward, in his report from the Committee on Com-
merce, say^that citizens of Rochester and Buffalo
have transferred their manufacturing establish-
ments in to Canada in coil sequence of these discrim-
inations; I may add the same thing has occurred in
New England. Foreign hides pay a duty if used
in the United States; if exported to Canada there
is a drawback; and tanned there and made into
shoes, they are protected from competition with
our manufactures by a duty of twenty per cent.
Lynn shoemakers are taking advantage of this
new order of thirtgs,and putting up shops in Mon-
treal. Maine lumbermen are going to Canada and
New Brunswick to avail themselves of the special
advantages these localities now present to carry
on their employment with profit. And, finally,
trade has been driven down the lakes, out of the
St. Lawrence, or over the Grand Trunk road.
Detroit has been robbed of a valuable trade for the
benefit of Portland and duebec. Mr. Gait, in his
recent report, which has been furnished to mem-
bers, states the amount of this diversion of trade
to be millions. These are the results—injurious
alike to our revenues and our manufactures.
Commerce fares no better. It is true that there
has been an increased import from the maritime
provinces; but any one at all familiar with that
trade knows that those provinces send us their
wood and plaster and fish and coals in their own
vessels. Every Boston paper contains a long
list of arrivals of provincial vessels. As our ex-
ports have diminished, of course there has been
less employment for tonnage in the business of
carrying goods to them. In 1860 the provincial
tonnage entered into the United States from the
maritime provinces was 475,051 tons. Our ton-
nage for the same year was 184,062 tons; but of
this, some fifty or sixty thousand tons were rep-
resented by two steamboats plying between St
John and Boston; and each making a weekly trip
during the summer season, multiplied their ton-
nage some thirty or forty times for the year In
