2770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Horton, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Killinger, Knapp, Lan-
sittgyBehinan, Loosmisr, McKnight, McPherson, Mallory,
Maynard, Menzies, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon,
OdeH,Pike, Alexander II. Rice, Riddle, Edward If. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabargei,
Smith, Spaulding, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stratton,
Benjamin F; Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van VaJk-
euburgli, Verrec, VY ads worth, Wallace, Walton, VVash-
bnrne, Webster,"Wheeler, Albert S. White, VVicklifFe, and
Worcester—83.
• So the-House refused to refer the bill.
Mr, POTTER. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed till the first
Tuesday in January next.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
pending on the bill, and the motion to postpone is
not in order at this time.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. POTTER. I ask that the bill be read. It
has not been considered in the House or in com-
mittee.
The bill was read. The first section grants to
the several States, for the purposes thereinafter
mentioned, an amount of public land, to be appor-
tioned to each State a quantity equal to thirty
thousand acres for each Senator and Representa-
tive in Congress to which the States are respect-
ively entitled by the apportionment under the cen-
sus of 1860; provided no mineral lands shall be
selected or purchased under its provisions.
The second section provides that the land, after
being surveyed, shall be apportioned to the sev-
eral States in sections or subdivisions of sections,
not less than one quarter of a section; and when-
ever there are public lands in a State subject to
sale at private entry at $1 25 per acre, the quan-
tity to which the State shall be entitled shall be
selected from such lands, and the Secretary of the
Interior is directed to issue to those States in which
there are no public lands of the value of $1 25 per
acre land scrip to the amount of their distributive
shares in acres under the provisions of the act, the
scrip to be sold by the States and the proceeds
thereof applied to the uses and purposes prescribed
in the act, and for no other use or purpose what-
soever; provided that in no case snail any State
to which land scrip may thus be issued be allowed
to locate the same within the limits of any other
State, or of any Territory of the United States,
but their assignees may thus locate the land scrip
upon any of the unappropriated lands of the Uni-
ted States subject to sale at private entry at$l 25
or less per acre; and provided further that no such
location shall be made before one year after the
passage of the act.
The third section provides that all the expenses
of management, superintendence, and taxes from
date of selection of said lands, previous to their
sales, and all expenses incurred in the manage-
ment and disbursement of the moneys which may
be received therefrom shall be paid'by the States
to which they may belong out of the treasury of
said States, so that the entire proceeds of the sale
of said lands shall be applied without any dimi-
nution whatever to the purposes thereinafter men-
tioned.
The fourth section provides that all moneys
derived from the sale of these lands by the States
to which the lands are apportioned, and from the
sales of land scrip provided for, shall be invested
in stocks of the United States, or of the States, or
some other safe stocks, yielding not less than five
per cent, upon the par value of said stocks, and
that the moneys so invested shall constitute a per-
petual fund, the capital of which shall "remain
forever undiminished, (except so far as is pro-
vided in the fifth section,) and the interest of which
shall be inviolably appropriated, by each State
which may take and claim the benefit of thisact,
to the endowment, suppoit, and maintenance of
at least one college where the leading object shall
be, without excluding other scientific and clas-
sical studies, and including military tactics, to tcach
such branches of learning as are related to agri-
culture and the mechanic arts, in such manner as
the Legislatures of the States may i*espertively
prescribe, in order to promote the liberal and
practical education of the industrial classes in the
several pursuits and professions in life.
The fifth section provides that the grant of land
and land scrip authorized shall bo made on the fol-
lowing conditions, to which,aswell as to Uie pre-
ceding provisions, the previous assent of the sev-
eral States shall be signified by legislative acts: 1.
If any portion of the fund invested, as provided
by the foregoingsection, or any portion of thcin-
terest thereon, shall, by any action or contingency,
be diminished or lost, it shall be replaced by the
State to which it belongs, so that the capital of the
fund shall remain forever undiminished; and the
annual interest shall be regularly applied without
diminution to thepurposesmentionedin thefourth
section of the act, except that a sum, not exceed-
ing ten per cent, upon the amount received by any
State under the provisions of this act, may be
expended for the purchase of lands for sites or
experimental farms, whenever authorized by the
respective Legislatures of said States. 2. No por-
tion of said fund, nor the interest thereon, shall be
applied, directly or indirectly, under any pretense
whatever, to the purchase, erection, preservation,
or repair of any building or buildings. 3. Any
State which may take and claim the benefit of the
provisions of this act shall provide, within five
years at least, not less than one collcge, as de-
scribed in the fourth section of this act, or the grant
to such State shall cease; and said State shall be
bound to pay the United States the amount re-
ceived for any lands previously sold, and the title
to purchasers under the State shall be valid. 4.
An annual report shall be made regarding the prog-
ress of each college, recording any improvements
and experiments made, with their cost and results,
and such other matters, including State industrial
and economical statistics, as may be supposed use-
ful; one copy of which shall be transmitted by
mail free, by each, to all the other colleges which
may be endowed under the provisions of this act,
and also one copy to the Secretary of the Interior.
5. When lands shall be selected fiom those which
have been raised to double the minimum price, in
consequence of railroad grants, they shall be com-
puted to the States at the maximum price, and the
number of acres proportionally diminished. 6.
No State, while in a condition of rebellion or in-
surrection against the Government of the United
States, shall be entitled to the benefit of the act.
7. No State shall be entitled to the benefit of the
act unless it expresses its acceptance thereof by
its Legislature within two years of the date of its
approval by the President.
The sixth section provides thatlaml scrip issued
under the provisions of the act shall not be subject
to location till after the 1st of January, 1863.
The seventh section provides thatthefeesof land
officers for land scrip shall be the same as are now
allowed for the location of military bounty land
warrants under existing laws, provided their maxi-
mum compensation shall not be thereby increased.
The eighth scction requires the Governors of
the several States to which scrip shall be issued
to report annually to Congress all sales of such
scrip made and what appropriation was made of
the proceeds.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (S. No.
241) to change the location d&the port of entry
for the Puget Sound collection district; when the
Speaker signed the same.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES AGAIN.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I move to lay the bill on the
table, and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was dis-
agreed to.
The previous question was seconded on the
passage of the bill, and the main question ordered
to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to state that amend-
ments have been prepared to this bill, and that all
we nsk is an oppoitunity to present them.
The SPEAKER- No debate is m order.
The veas and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas 90, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anconn, Athlev, Babbitt, Baily, Baker,
Beaman, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob 15. Blnu, Blake. William
(2. Brown, Bufliiuon, Burnhain, (Jul vert. Campbell, Ca-uy,
Chamherlin, Clements, Corning, Covode, Crisfield, Critten-
den, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Ed er-
ton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fcnton, Fisher, Goocb,
Grider, Ilaight, Hale, Harding, Hooper, Ilorton, Ilutcluns.
„Kelle\, William Iveliogsr, Killinger, Lansing, LeJimnn'
Looints, MeKnight, McPheison, Mallory, Maynard, Men-
zies, Moorhead, Justin S. Moirill, Morris, Nixon, Odeli
OUn, Pike, Alexander H llice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins'
James S. Rollins, Sedjrwick, Segar, Sheffield, Shellabarger'
Smith, Spauldimr, William G.Steele, Stevens, Stratton *
Benjamin F. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Ilorn, Van Valken-
burgh, Verree, Wadsworth, Wallace, Walton, Wa«?hlmrne
Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White, Chilton a!
White, Wickliffe, Wood, and Worcester—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldricli, George II. Browne, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conklmg, Dunn, Frank, Granger, Harrison,
[lolm&n, Julian, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Lovejoy,
Mitchell, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Porter, Pottei, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Shanks. Tumble. Ward, Wilson, and
Wmdom—25.
So the bill was passed.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. POMEROY (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
Mr. POMEROY stated that if permitted to vote
he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. ALLEY (not having been within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. ROBINSON objected.
Mr. ALLEY stated that if permitted he Vould
vote "ay."
Mr. HICKMAN asked leave (not being within
the bar when his name was called) to cast his vote
in favor of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. POTTER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon laying the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble. 1 want to reconsider this bill for the purpose
of submitting some amendments.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
SEVENTY-FIRST OHIO REGIMENT.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the House, as a mat-
ter of justice to the seventy-first Ohio regiment,
now in the service of the United States, and as a
matter of justice to its commanding officer, Colo-
nel Rodney Mason, to allow my colleague from
the Springfield district, [Mr. Shell ai>akglk,] who
immediately lepresents the members of that regi-
ment, to make a statement to correct unjust charges
that appear in the Congressional Globe among the
debates of Congress concerning Colonel Mason
and his regiment.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. SHELLARARGER. Mr. Speaker, { am
gratified by the leave which is granted by the
House giving me the opportunity to do justice to
a gallant officer of the United States Army, which
I propose to do without detaining the House, by
printing the statement I shall make in the Globe.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I must interpose my
objection, and shall to the end of the session, to
printing any more speeches that are not delivered
in the House. I want them to be delivered here.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as this practice has
been very generally indulged in during this ses-
sion, I trust the gentleman from Illinois will with-
draw his objection in this instance.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state, if gentle-
men will permit me, the reason of my objection.
1 find that theio is incorporated into these printed
speeches matter thatcould not have been deliveted
upon the fioot of the House under the rules of the
House, and I am not willing t'-mt there should go
into the records of the country that which could
not have been delivered upon this floor by peimis-
sion of the House.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have no personal
solicitude about the mode in which what I am
about to state shall be placed before the eountiy.
My reasons for asking that it be simply printed
were as a matter of personal comfort to myself,
and for the purpose of abridging the consumption
of the time of the House, and not on account of
i any unpre-paredness to make the statement I pro-
pose to make at this time.
My i eason for referring to this subject upon the
floor of the House is found in a statement Kindl-
ing the seventy-first Ohio regiment, which ap-
peared in the Congressional Globe in the debates
