292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
3Tth Cong....2b Sess.
Causes of the Rebellion—Mr. Noble.
Ho. oi? Reps.
so shall have done deeds of valor and made patri-
otic sacrifices that will compel the admiration and
win the respect of the world. We shall enter on
a new career of prosperity, sobered it may be, but
nowise shorn of our inclination or our power to
assert our rights and maintain them against all op-
position, however formidable or wherever found.
CAUSES OF THE REBELLION'.
SPEECH OF HON. W. P. NOBLE,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
Jam 6, 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. NOBLE said:
Mr.Chairman: Beingoneofthe youngpst mem-
bers of this body, and having seldom occupied its
time, I trust I shall not be suspected of affectation
when I say that it is with great diffidence that I
now intrude any remarks upon its consideration.
Nevertheless, for the purpose of setting myself
right before the country upon some of the ques-
tions involved in the political difficulties that now
distract and disturb our beloved and once happy,
peaceful, and prosperous country, I am induced
to forego what has been heretofore my determina-
tion, and to claim the indulgence of the commit-
tee for a brief period of time.
I had hoped that this everlasting slavery agita-
tion, which has occupied so much of the time of
Congress in days gone by, would not now be re-
newed, but that this Congress would turn its at-
tention entirely to the suppression of the rebellion
and the restoration of the Union. In the palmiest
days of the Republic the agitation of this question
was fraught with nothing but evil continually;
and that it has contributed more than all other
causes to bring down upon the country the dark
clouds now hovering over it, I think no observant
inan will deny. Our country is now involved in
a fratricidal war; one section is arrayed in hostile
strife against the other, brother shedding the blood
of brother, depleting our land of us wealth and
prosperity, filling it with mourning, and sowing
the seeds of wretchedness and misery. If, theiT,
there is any one thing we should all desire to ac-
complish by our action hero more than all others,
it should be the speedy and successful termina-
tion of this deadly strife, the establishment of
peace, and the full and complete restoration of our
glorious Union, with its Constitution unimpaired.
That, it is the sincere desire of every true and pa-
triotic member of this body to accomplish this, I
have no question; but as to the mode and man-
ner of bringing it about there seems to be a great
diversity of opinion, some among us contending
that this can only be done by the total abolition
of slavery, while others see in any attempt to do
this nothing but certain and permanent destruc-
tion of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, I should never have considered
it as any part of my duty, or even my legitimate
privilege, so long as the war existed, to go back
and investigate the origin and Causes which have
led to the rebellion, but should'have been content
to look only to the means of crushing out and put-
ting it down; but the issue is forced upon us; forced
upon us, too, by those whose every act, word, and
deed show a dissatisfaction with the Constitution
as it is, as it was made by the fathers of the Re-
public. I will not say that these identical m«#i,
but wi I say that this same class of men, have al-
ways been dissatisfied with that sacred instru-
ment, and with the construction given to it by our
Government, I refer, sir, to that class of men
some of whom have declared that " the Constitu-
tion of the United States is an agreement with death
and a covenant with hell;" some of whom have
even gone so far as to propose a dissolution of the
Union in advance of that proposition as made by
the present rebels, and now openly boast of con-
tinuous efforts for nineteen years to break up the
Government.
Mr. Chairman, I do not charge that all these
men who make this issue here have, prior to this
rebellion, been guilty of these hostile declarations
.and hostile acts against the Constitution; but I
will ask, as I find them all now acting in harmony
touching all the radical measures tending to turn
the whole brunt of the war to the total abolition
of slavery, openly declaring that they will accept
nothing short of its accomplishment, is it a far-
fetched conclusion that they all belong to the same
party—the party that is opposed to the restoration
of the Constitution as it is? Ah, but, says one,
this change is now made necessary, necessary so
as to remove the cause of this rebellion; and sla-
very is the cause. Sir, find me a man here that
desires to accomplish the passage of any measure
whatever, and I will guaranty that the most po-
tent argument he resorts to is that of necessity.
Find mean officer of the Government who has
plundered the public Treasury of hundreds of
thousands of the people's money, and arraign him
for the illegal transaction, and m defense you will
hear him urge the plea of necessity. Whenever
I find on my table a batch of bills proposing large
appropriations of money, amounting to millions
upon millions, to be expended in particular loca-
tions, and, of course, tending to enhance private
property in those particular locations, I feel sure
that I shall hear an argument on the great neces-
sity of the expenditure. This is always the case;
this plea is always urged. 'Of course, no other
consideration ever moved the advocate of any
measure excepting this, and this alone.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have learned not to take
for granted mere statement; I must have facts and
circumstances reasonably inducing the conclu-
sions contended for. When I hear the mere decla-
ration made that slavery is the cause of this re-
bellion, without any statement of facts or circum-
stances, that necessarily or reasonably induce that
belief, I have but little confidence in it; yet it has
become so common,and so frequent and favorite
a remark with the class of men here who are de-
termined to bringabout universal emancipation,
that I have no doubtthey themselves believe it to
be true, not from any well-founded reasons, but
from having stated it so often. It will be borne in
mind, however, that those Representatives upon
this floor who live in the slave States, and who
have manifested theirlove for the Union asstrong-
ly as any others here, and who certainly should
know something of the facts occurring undertheir
immediate observation, all, without one single ex-
ception, agree in adenial of this allegation. The
honorable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.Blair,]
declared in his place upon this floor, a few days
since, that the history of this rebellion would
show that the slave-owners were the very last men
to engage in it. The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Wadsworth,] declared that the assessors'
returns just taken in Kentucky, showed nearly
nine tenths of all the owners of slaves in that
State to be true and loyal citizens. In short, all
the gentlemen upon this floor representing slave-
holding districts agree to the truth of this propo-
sition.
Let us examine, then,and sec how it is that it
is claimed slavery has been the cause of this war,
and whether there is any truth in the allegation.
In order to understand the question fully, let us
first see what relation slavery bears to the Fed-
eral Government, ifany. To do this thoroughly,
we must look at the political organization and
status of both the Federal and the State Govern-
ments j and fully understand the origin and pow-
cis of each respectively. It has been quite a com-
mon error with some to look upon the Federal
Government as a consolidated government, capa-
ble of legislating by its Congress upon all sub-
jects whatsoever, with scarcely any limit; while,
on the other hand, the error has been equally
glaring, if not as common, that it was not a con-
solidated government for any purpose, but that
all, or nearly all, the powers of legislation be-
longed to the individual States, within their sev-
eral territorial jurisdictions. Thus, the tendency
has been, un the one hand, to claim for the Federal
Go\e2*nrnentmore powers than itreally possessed
under the Constitution; while on the other, it has
been to deny to it those, or spme ofthose powers
whicii it really does possess. And I fear, Mr,
Chairman, that this conflict of opinion, arising as
jt dors necessarily out of a want of a thorough
knowledge of our governmental system, has been,
to a very great extent, the cause of our present
national troubles.
When the original thirteen colonies severed
themselves from the mother country, they did so
each retaining its independent existence; so that
each became in and of itself a separate govern-
ment, a sovereignty as complete and independent
in itself as any Government on earth; neither one
owing any duty or obligation whatever to any of
the others, save as they might mutually create
such obligations thereafter. In -this condition
they were equal; none possessed any right that
was not possessed equally by all the others. And
though each was a nation in and of itself of un-
limited powers of sovereignty, yet to attain this
freedom, this independence and nationality, they
had acted in concert for two years before any
union wasformed between them; then they formed
and entered into what is called the Articles of
Confederation. By these articles it is provided
that, " this Confederation shall be inviolably ob-
served by every State, and the Union shall be per-
petual."* Congress, in ratifying these articles,
uses these words:
" And we do further solemnly plight ami engage the faith
of our respective constituents, that they shall abide by the
determination of the United States in Congress assembled,
on all questions, which by the said Confedetatiori are sub-
mitted to them. and that the articles thereof shall be invio-
lablyobserved by the States we respectively lepressent, and
that the Union shall be perpetual."
These Articles of Confederation, Mr. Chairman,
formed, or served as the only constitution of the
United States for about eleven years after their
adoption. It could scarcely be expected that any
people adopting an entirely new system of gov-
ernment could be so successful as to obtain a per-
fect system on the first trial. At the end of about
eleven years it had been found by experience that
the system of raising the necessary revenues for
the support anld maintenance of the Federal Gov-
ernment was defective; and with a view to a thor-
ough revision of the Articles of Confederation and
the adoption of such alterations and provisions
therein as might remedy this evil and render the
Federal Constitution adequate to the exigencies
of the Government and the preservation and main-
tenance of the Union, a convention of delegates
was called, chosen by the several States, for the
performance of that duty. The result was the
formation and adoption'of the ptesent Fednal
Constitution* which was afterwards ratified by a
convention of each of the States, chosen by the
people thereof, thus emanating as nearly and as
directly from the people as possible, and, havmg
been thus ratified by them, it became the primary
law of the land. It will be seen, therefore, that by
the formation of the Federal Government, the in-
dividual States became divested of certain powers
which they possessed' before as sovereign States,
and that these powers became vested in the Fed-
era^ Government, thus creating two separate and
distinct governments, with separate and distinct
poweis, yet designed by the wisdom of those who
created and formed them to operate together in
harmony, each performing its own peculiar duties
and exercising its own defined rights and powers
without any encroachment upon the other. This
Constitution fully and clearly defines the powers
and duties of the Federal Government.
It would follow, therefore, without any express
provision upon the subject, that all powers not
granted by the several States to the Federal Gov-
ernment, in and by this Constitution, would re-
mam with the States, for the reason that the States,
in the first instance, and before the formation of -
the Federal Government, each possessed nil the
powers of an independent sovereignty, and they
were only divested of those that were conferred
upon and vested in the Federal Government by
the Articles of Confederation in the first instance,
and the Constitution afterwards. But that there
should be no mistake or misconstruction, the tenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution pro-
vides expressly that the powers not delegated to
the United States by the Constitution, nor prohib-
ited by it to the States, are reserved to the States
respectively or to the people.
I say then, Mr. Chairman, there can be no rea-
sonable quibble as to what are and what arc not
the powers of the Federal Government. It is true
that disputes sometimes arise between citizens,
and sometimes between legislators and other Gov-
ernment officers, as to what Congress may or
may not do under the Constitution; but the Con-
stitution has provided the Supreme Court as the
