1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which was in lines fourteen and fifteen of page 3,
to strike out " one chief clerk, at a salary of
$1,800," and insert " one assistant, to be selected
from the commissioned officers of the Navy, with
the pay of a captain on other duty."
Mr. HALE. The committee recommend that
the Senate concur in that amendment with an
amendment striking out the words, " the pay of
a captain on other duty,'5 and inserting " a salary
of$2,500.'5 The amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives would give to a lieutenant in the Navy
a salary of $3,600, which is the pay of a captain
on other duty. The committee thought it was too
much. The pay of a lieutenant on other duty is
$2,200 and a fraction, and the committee recom-
mend that we make it a fixed sum and put it at
$2,500. The committee recommend that the House
amendment be concurred in with this amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citizens
of Mansfield, Ohio, praying for the enlargement
of the locks of the Erie and Oswego canals to a
' size sufficient to admit the passage of vessels ade-
quate to the defense of the northwestern lakes;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present the petition of
Charles Potts, ofTienton, New Jeisey, represent-
ing that he has invented an important improve-
ment m military projectiles, and praying that it
may be cnrefully examined and its merits practi-
cally tested. This prayer is united in by a very
large number of the members of the New Jersey
Legislature. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of the
Union Merchants* Exchange, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying for the establishment of a branch
mint in that city; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of California, in favor of the pub-
lication of the number, description, and data con-
nected therewith, of ail patents issued by the Uni-
ted States in some scientific journal published in
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for the immediate
passage of a general uniform bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD presented two petitions from
citizens of New York, praying for the passage of
a general uniform bankrupt law; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens
of New Haven, Connecticut, piaying for the pas-
sage of a general uniform bankrupt law before the
adjournment of the present session of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, and a memorial of citizens
of New York, praying for the immediate passage
of a general uniform bankrupt law; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know whether
now is the proper time, but at some proper time
my opinion is that all these petitions on the sub-
ject of a bankrupt law ought to be referred to a
select committee to prepare a law during the in-
termission of Congiess, and leport it at the be-
ginning of the next session. Whether now is the
proper time to refer it to such a committee I do
not know.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator raises a very im-
portant question, whether the law should not be
prepared at this session. Some of these petitions
positively ask that Congress should act upon it at
this session. I think, certainly, that Congress
ought to act upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to know what the
question is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate. If there be no further pe-
titions, reports from committees are in order.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
348) for the better government of the Navy of the
United States, reported it without amendment!
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 19) in relation to property held
by the provost court of Alexandria, Virginia, re-
ported it without amendment, and with a recom'
mendation thatit be indefinitely postponed; which
was agreed to.
COMMODORE IIIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (H.R No. 432) for
the relief of Commodore Hiram Paulding, have
instructed me to report the same back to the Sen-
ate, with an amendment and a recommendation
that it be passed; and as the bill is a trifling one,
and the amendmenta trifling one, I wish it might
be put on its passage now. I think the Senate
will agree to pass it when it is read.
There being no objection the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It requires the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to CoinmodoreHirctmPauldingjof the United
States Navy, the sum of $1,200, being his ex-
pensesincuired in defending himself againsta suit
brought against him for taking Charles McDonald
(one of William Walker's followers) from the
steamer Morgan, at San Juan del Norte, in Nica-
ragua, and sending him on board the United States
ship Saratoga, m the year 1857, he being at the
time flag officer in command of the home squad-
ron, and acting in the line of his duty.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out in the seventh
line the words "it being for," and to insert "or so
much thereof as he may be satisfied is necessary
to reimburse him for;" so that the clause will read,
"the sum of $1,200, or so much thereof as he
moy be satisfied is necessary to reimburse him for
his expenses incurred in defending," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred m and ordered
to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to be read
a third time; and was read the third time, and
passed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. HALE. The same committeo, to whom
was refei red the bill (S. No. 350) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to prevent and pumsh fiaud on
the pait of officers intiusted with the making of
contracts for the Government," approved June 2,
1862, have instructed me to report the same back
to the Senate, with a recommendation that it pass,
and to nsk for its consideration now. I should
like to read, in connection with the bill, a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy, which is not long.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bill be read first, if
you please.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider this bill at the present time.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to hear the title
of the bill read.
The Seoretery read it, as follows: " A bill to
repeal an act entitled 4 An act to prevent and pun-
ish fraud on the part of the officers intrusted with
the making of contracts for the Government,'ap-
proved June 2, J862."
Mr. POWELL. I object to its consideration
just now.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it must lie
over until to-moirow.
Mr. HALE. I will call it up to-morrow.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairsand the Militia, to whom
were referred the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No. 175)
to define the pay and emoluments of ceitain offi-
cers of the Army, and for other purposes, have di-
rected me to report them back to the Senate. The
committee report in favor of concurring in certain
amendments and rejecting others. I send the bill,
with amendments, to the.Chair. I should like to
have those amendments acted upon now. I think
we can dispose of them in a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDEN i\ The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimouseonsent to consider
the amendments of the House of Representatives
to this bill at the present time. Is there any ob-
jection ?
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to get through the
morning business first. T understand the House
have appended several new sections to that bill.
It stands now almost in the character of an ori-
ginal bill; and I do not think we should pass upon
those amendments on a mere question of Concur-
rence, without knowing what they are. I should
like to have time to look into them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
object?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. '
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am willing
it should tie ovcrif the Senator wants to look into it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if the bill has been
printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir; it
has been printed. I will state that the committee
have agreed to most of the amendments of the
House. A few of them we do not agree to. There
are one or two sections—one section especially,
in regard to paymasters, that is inconsistent with
what is necessary. The bill, it will be remembered,
was passed by the Senate about four months ago.
We had one hundred and forty-nme paymasters,
and the Paymaster General was anxious to reduce
them to one hundred and twenty-five; and there is
a section in this bill which provides for that reduc-
tion. Both Houses have agreed to it, and we have
settled that a conference committee cannot meddle
with the text of a bili, and our intention on con-
sultation is this: to act on these amendments ofthe
two Houses, fix the bill as the Senate desire, and
then lay this bill on the table and introduce a new
bill precisely as we want it,corrccting the text in
one or two particulars.
PROSECUTION OF THE WAR.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, (as the opinion of the Senate,) That it is the
light ami duly of the Government to call all loyal persons
wi thm tlui uibdhous Slates to its armed defense against the
tumors who are seeking its overthrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let that resolution lie
over.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to give notice that I shall
call up the resolution to-morrow, and I trust that
gentlemen will come here prepared to let it come
up as a test vote.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the res-
olution be printed. I should like to have it printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another resolution
of mine almost identical with that, offered some
time ago, which is on the table, which I should like
to have punted also. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In pursuance of notice
given yesterday, I offer a joint resolution provid-
ing that the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House of Representatives adjourn their re-
spective Houses sine die on Monday, the 30th day
of the present month of June, at twelve o'clock,
mot idian.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that He on the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY- It is introduced under pre-
vious notice, and 1 ask for its adoption.
Mr. SUMNER. That does not authorize it to
be considered, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
must lie over, objection being made tQ its present
consideration.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimouseonsent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 357)
concerning enlistments in the military service ot
the United States; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HALE. The bill is very short and im-
portant, and I ask that it be read at length.
The bill was read. It provides that whenever
the public service requires further enlistment of
tecruits for the Army, either of regulars or vol-
unteers, the President shali issue his proclama-
tion to the people of the United States inviting'
enlistments from all the people, without distinc-
tion of race, color, or condition; that every slave
who shall enlist and be received into the military
service shall be immediately and absolutely free
from all claim of service, except ihat which he
submits himself to by such enlistment; and that
every person of color, bond or free, who shall
