1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
37th Cong-....2d Sess.
_ Causes of the Rebellim—Mr. Noble.
Ho. op Reps.
tribunal by which all such disputes may be finally
settled and determined; and, when so settled and
determined, that it is the bounden duty of every
good and every loyal citizen to abide by and sub-
mit to such decision, I certainly need not argue.
Were it otherwise, and every citizen were left
free to give his own interpretation to the Consti-
tution, and to govern his actions accordingly, our
Government would become a mockery; there
would be no stability, certainty, or confidence in
it; we should be derided by, and become the laugh-
ing-stock of other nations; we should quarrel and
fight among ourselves—I claiminga certain prop-
osition to be the law, and you denying it, and
each endeavoring to support his own views, would
tend directly to bring us into conflict, and to de-
stroy all law and order, and leave us like a ship
.without a rudder or a compass, exposed in the
darkness of night to the stormy deep, with noth-
ing to guide or direct her, subject to be wrecked
or foundered at any moment, without the power
to escape. It is to avoid these evils that constitu-
tions and laws are provided for the benefit of so-
ciety, so that all, recognizing theirforce, obeying
their mandates, and, in case of dispute, submit-
ting to the decision of the proper tribunals, may
live together, enjoying all the benefits of govern-
ment and society in peace and harmony.
I have shown, Mr. Chairman, that our national
Government is one of limited and defined powers,
powers delegated to and conferred upon it by the
individual States; and that all other governmental
powers, not so delegated and conferred, or ex-
pressly prohibited to the States in the Constitu-
tion, remain with the States. The Federal Gov-
ernment, then, and all the powers belonging to it,
is as distinct and as thoroughly separated from
the interference and control of the State govern-
ment as if the two were separated by the widest
ocean, and neither has any more right to interfere
with or trespass upon the powers justly belong-
ing to the other than Great Britain would have to
interfere and dictate the policy of the Government
of the United States; neither has any one-State
the right or the power to interfere in the domestic
affairs of any other State of the Union any more
than it would have to interfere in the affairs of any
foreign Government. This is the system of our
Government, a system made necessary by the cir-
cumstances surrounding it at its formation; a sys-
tem securing to the people of each State perfect
control of all its local and domestic affairs, and in
reference to such local and domestic affairs per-
fect independence from the other States and from
the Federal Government; and at the same time
securing perfect equality of rights among all the
States. Who dare say this system, though some-
what complex, is not a wise one; and that the
fathers of the Republic erred in its construction?
Who will say that the people of the different States
and sections of the Union, while yielding with
good faith perfect obedience to the principles and
requirements of this system; in short, while liv-
ing up to the Constitution in spirit and in truth,
would ever have cause of quarrel ? And who dare
say there is notgood faith and intelligence enough
in the people to thus observe and perform all the
obligations of the Constitution? To deny it, sir,
is to deny the wisdom of the fathers, to deny the
capacity of the people for self-government. This
I am not prepared to do, and do not see how I
could hold an argument on this subject with those
who are. It would be like contending on the sub-
ject of divine inspiration with a disbeliever.
Our whole system is femnded in the assumption
that the people are capable of self-government, and
to deny their capacity is to admit the system a
failure. If, then, our Constitution is what I claim
it to be, the institution of slavery is an institution
known only to the States which have adopted it.
It is entirely local in its nature, and cannot be le-
gally known in any of the other States, or by the
Federal Government, save only so far as by the'
Constitution and the laws made in pursuance of
the Constitution, the Federal Governments bound
to give it protection by providing for the return of
fugitives. While I freely declare that 1 abhor sla-
very as an institution, and that no one can regret
its introduction or existence in the Union more
than I do, yet I am bound to say theie is no way
under the Constitution of disposing of it, or even
in the least-degree legally interfering with it, ex-
cept only by the States and the people where it
exists. The other States and other people have no
right legally to interfere in any way, shape, or man-
ner whatever. If slavery is a sin, it is the sin of the
States adopting it, and not of the other States* or of
the Federal Government, These having no power or
control over it whatever, have no responsibility for its
existence whatever. Let this question of its sin or
its righteousness be settled between them and their
God. And let us adopt for our guidance the prin-
ciple ethbraced in the words of the great poet,
wherein, addressing himself to the Author of his
being, he says:
" Lot not this weak unknowing hand
Presume Thy bolts to throw,
And deal damnation round the land,
On each X judge Thy foe."
This was intended to be so by the framers of the
Government; for while the individual States saw
and acknowledged the necessity for the Federal
Union, it is evident that they were not disposed to
surrender their State authority one whit beyond
what was absolutely necessary to form and main-
tain a Federal Union. No one desired an empire
or a consolidated government; but the whole in-
tention was to leave the State governments just as
they were before, save that by concession of cer-
tain powers they sought to form a Union with
limited powcis. This they finally accomplished
by a spirit of compromise; it could be done in no
other way. Jlny attempt now to violate this compro-
mise > as found in the terms and provisions of this Con-
stitution, is disloyalty to the Government, and tends
directly to its dissolution; whether such attempt be
on the part of one portion of the Union to secede
from the other portion, or whether it be found in
an attempt to violate the plain provisions of the
Constitution in an effort on the part of the Fed-
eral Government to legislate upon the subjects re-
served to the States. All violations have the same
tendency.
Abolitionism in a slave State—that is, the advo-
cacy of doctrines proposingthe abolitionofslavery
in a slave State by the people of that State, or by
others properly appealing to the people of that
State with their consent—is legitimate and proper;
because every person may, in a legal and proper
way, propose and advocate such reforms as he
chooses. But abolitionism in a free State, where
there is no slavery and no prospect of any prop-
osition ever being made to institute or establish
it, is illegitimate; and so far as it tends to stir up
strife, discord, sectional hatred, and ill will, it js
not only illegitimate, but is absolutely reprehens-
ible, and should be discountenanced by every
lover of peace, by every lover of the Constitution
and friend of good order. Equally and even more
reprehensible are the doctrines and efforts of all
those in the slave States who in any way advocate
or attempt to enforce upon the people of the free
States any recognition or tolerance of the institu-
tion of slavery, excepting only as required by the
Constitution in the surrender of fugitives.
The people of the free States dislike slavery,
and hence exclude it from their territory, as they
have the right to do; while the people of the slave
States, on the other hand, have provided for and
now tolerate its existence, as they have an equal
right to do. If a fugitive slave escapes into a free
State, the Constitution has provided that he shall
be delivered up to the owner or person to whom
the service is due. If this is not right, then the
Constitution is wrong, but this is as it was made
by the fathers; and if we, their posterity, are dis-
satisfied with any of its provisions, they have
wisely provided the means of amendment by
peaceful means. No resort to arms is necessary.
No cause of sectional quanel exists; and no vio-
lation^ of the Constitution should be tolerated.
The founders of our Government never intended
that the people of one State should become the
judges or censors of the people of any other
State. As well might the people of the United
States take upon themselves the duty of regulating
the morals and diclatmg the political policy of
Great Britain or France* As well might one man
in any neighborhood or community assume to him-
self the power and privilege of supervising the
moral and religious conduct of all his neighbors,
and dictate to them what thoy should and should
not do, in a moral and religious sense, without al-
lowing or tolerating in them any freedom of con-
science whatever. God never intended that any
one man or class of men should thus rule the con-
science and morals of his fellow-man; hence God
has not given him the power to do so. The only
means given to man*t>y which he may do this is
by education and moral suasion; by elevating the
moral man, and not by the exercise of strong-
handed power.
But I am met with the allegation that slavery is
morally wrong, and hence it ought not to be tol-
erated. This proposition corresponds with my
own instincts and my education; hence 1 have no
disposition to take issue upon it; but as I claim
the right to think for mysolf upon this subject as
a free moral agent, shall I deny the same right to
my neighbor, who possesses advantages of edu-
cation and moral instruction in every sense equal
to myself? The people of the free States all claim
the right to think and act for themselves upon this
subject, the right to mold and shape their own
State policy in reference thereto. ShaH they deny
to the slave States the same right to think and act
for themselves upon the same subject; the right
to mold and shape their own policy in reference
thereto, in every sense upon terms of exact equal- *
ity with themselves? This species of intolerance,
upon any subject of dispute whatever, would keep
us in a constant broil and strife. In trying to en-
force upon others our own moral convictions,
against their will, we should be led constantly
into the commission of greater wrongs than could
possibly occur by freedom of thought and of tol-
eration.
Singular as it seems to us in the free States, this
is a subject on which the communities of the free
and slave States arc divided in opinion. Go where
you will in the slave States, and wherever you
find even a teacher in the pulpit, or a politician
asking office, who gives himself up to the agita-
tion of this subject at nil, in nine eases out of every
ten he assumes and teachcs the extreme pro-sla-
very views, with but very little liberality or tol-
eration; and 1 may add that very nearly the
reverse of this occurs in the free States.
I concede that there are very many on both
sides, the most respectable of politicians, and the
most truly Christian teachers, who disapprove
of this kind of agitation altogether; but is it not
singular that Christian teachers, educated equally
well, and that, too, in the same schools of religion,
if I may so speak, should have their opinions upon
this subject inverted by the mere fact of a residence
upon one or the other side of a sectional line ?
And is it not strange, also, that these agitators on
either side generally choose to promulgate their
doctrines just where they can have no other effect
than thatofinducingsectionalhostilityand hatred?
Abolitionism in a free State, and pro-slavery doc-
trines in a slave State, and this, too, where no
change is proposed on either side. There are, how-
ever, very strong reasons for this course on both
sides; the people of a free State w,ould not be
likely to treat with great attention one who should
undertake to introduce among them the institu-
tion of slavery; and it is said that the people of
slave States do not generally listen with much
respect to harangues upon abolitionism.
I will not say that these agitations are designed
by all who engage in them to divide the people of
the two sections of our country, and to engender
between them aspiritofhatred, ill will,and strife,
but that they have thatdirect tendency, I think no
one who considers the subject will deny. The pas-
sions and prejudices of mankind are frequently
more susceptible than their reason; especially is
this the case in times of high political excitement;
hence, not unfrequently have we witnessed poli-
ticians. both North and South, appealing to these
baser passions, more for the purpose, no doubt,
of success at the ballot-box,than forany other po-
litical end. Who that has stood by and heard the
southern extremists berate the people of the North,
charging them—all classes of them, indiscrimin-
ately—with all manner of evil, and with all man-
ner of violations of law; and has then passed over
on the other side and heard the northern extremists
depicting in highly-wrought colors the many evils
of slavety,generally windingap with the detailed
particulars of the mobbing of some poor inoffen-
sive individual, charged with the crime of aboli-
tionism, of which he was probably not guilty, will
now say he has not witnessed the sowing of the
