1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
ciple which lies at the basis of the original bill.
However, sir, with my views, I think I shall be
able to sustain the bill amended in that form, if
the Senate should think proper to amend it. If I
have had the attention of the Senate I have ac-
complished all I desired—to point out the differ-
ence between the amendment and the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from New York.
Mr. KING. I should like to have the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think a Single remark will
dispose of this amendment. It will include not
only all the men of the southern States, but all
the women and most of the children. It is far
more extensive than any proposition that has ever
been submitted. I trust, therefore, it will not be
agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. My honorable friend from
New York is only carrying out the joke. He is
a bachelor. [Laughter.]
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the Senator from
Ohio states that this will apply to all the men,
women, and children in the South. I differ with
him. 1 think there are a great many loyal citi-
zens there. I trust there are. 1 would make a
distinction between them and the traitors of the
South or the North. The proposition contained
in my amendment is to apply the principle of con-
fiscation to traitors, to all those who by the defin-
ition of treason in the very words and terms of
the Constitution are traitors, and to no others. I
would apply this principle to all such persons
great and small. I desire to give my vote for that
purpose. It is a simple question presented to the
Senate whether they will apply this principle to
all tiuitors, or whether they will in advance hold
out to a part of them the idea that they will not
be subject to the penalties of their offenses. In
myjudgment,expediency,justice,and every prin-
ciple which should move a Government, require
the assertion of the doctrine that I present. If, in
the progress of time, there should be any such
condition of things as should inducc the hope that
a portion of those who have been in complicity
with this treason would return to their allegiance,
lay down their arms and abandon their hostility
to the Government, a proclamation of clemency
from tlu; President could be extended to them. In
myjudgment, if they are to be released from the
penalties of their most infamous crimes, they
should understandit to be a release from these pen-
alties extended by the cicmency of this Govern-
ment, arid not immunity which they enjoy because
this Government js either afraid to exercise its
power, or because it distrusts that it possesses the
power to punish treason. In myjudgment, it is
desirable for this Government to assume at once
that it possesses the power to punish its enemies,
and the disposition to inflict the penalties against
treason which the Constitution and the laws im-
pose, and if there be any indulgence, any release
or remission of these penalties, that it is to go to
them from the clemency of the Government, and
neither from the distrust of its power nor from
the fear to exercise it. The citizen of this coun-
try who raises a hand to destroy the Government
which gives security toallalike,Icare not whether
man, woman, or child, is guilty of treason, and 1
would notdiscriminate in the law,whatever might
be allowable to the Executive in executing it.
The law should pronounce the same penalty upon
all alike, whoever may be guilty of the offense.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—lMes^rs. Chandlei, Grimes, Kins, Pomeroy,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—7.
NAYS—Mc&sis. Anthony, Browning, Cailile, Clark,
Cowan. Davis, Dixon, JJooJittle, I^senden, Foot, Fo^tei,
Hale, Henderson, Howaid, Ilowe, Lane of Indiana, Lane
ot Kansas, Latham, Morrill, Ncsnnth, I'owcll, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Simmon*?, Stark, Sumner,Ten Ljck, Thomson,
YVillcy, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wngut—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Ohio by way of perfecting the original bill,
and upon which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to inquire what the
effect will be if this substitute should be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not the
substitute that is now under consideration. The
substitute offered by the Senator from Ohio has
been withdrawn. The Senator from Vermont has
indicated his purpose to move his substitute, to
which the Senator from Ohio assents, that the
question may be taken upon that before the ques-
tion shall be tried upon the substitute of the Sen-
ator from Ohio. The question now is on the
amendment, by way of perfecting the original bill,
moved by the Senator from Ohio.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Ilcndeison, Howard, Ilowe, Lane of Indi-
ana, Nesmith, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten EycK,
Thomson, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright
—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, King, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Stark, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson of Missouri—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no further
amendment be pending by way of perfection of
the original bill, the question recurs on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Vermont in the
form of a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. Let us have
it read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all after the enactingclause of the original bill
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That if any person or persons owing allegiance to the
United States shall, after the passage of this act, levy war
against them, or shall adhere to then enemies, giving them
aid and comfort, and shall thereof be convicted, on confes-
sion in open court, or on the testimony of two witnesses to
the same overt act of treason, whereof he or they shall stand
indicted, such person or peisons shall be adjudged guilty of
treason against the United States and shall suffer death, or
impiisonment not less than five yeais, and be fined not less
than §lU,0Ut); which line shall he levied and collected on
any or all of the propeity, real and personal, of which the
said person or persons so convicted was owner at the time
of the committing of the said act, any sale or conveyance
to the contiaty notwithstanding ; and every person so con-
victed shall be foi ever incapable and disqualified t rem hold-
ing any otfiee under the United States; but the President
may pardon or remit the whole or any part of said punish-
ment.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the persons to
whose iabot or seivice any person convicted tinder this act
has claim b> the Jaws of any State, shall be thereafter for-
ever tier and di^chaiged theiefmm.
Slc. 3. Jind be %t further enacted, That tins act shall not
be construed m any way to affect ot alter the prosecution,
conviction, or punishment of any person or persons guilty
of treason against the United States hefoie the passage of
this act, unless such pei^on is convicted under this act.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That wlienevei it shall
be deemed nece^ary to the speedy and successful termin-
ation of a H'bejhon by the President, he is hereby authoi-
lzed, by such commissioners as he shall appoint, to se-
questei and seize the piopcity, real and personal, of such
peisons as shall bear arms against the United States, oi give
aid and comtoit to such persons wherever situated; and
if within any pait ot the United States the inhabitants
whereof have been proclaimed to be in a state of msuri ac-
tion, to hold, occupy, lent, and control for the United States
until the ordinary couisc of judicial pioceeding shall be
restored in the State or distiiet where the same is situated,
and in all cases until the owneis of said pioperty can be
pioceeded against by legal prosecution; but no peisons
holden to seivice, commonly called slaves, shall be taken
under this section. And all such personal propeity as shall
be so taken which is peiishable, or expensive m keeping,
may be sold by said commissioners, who shall keep and
render full accounts of all the avails and receipts ftom said
property so sold, let, 01 occupied, and pay over the avails
to the Treasury of tiie United States.
Sec. 5. Jind be if further enacted, That whenever the
President, in pui&uaneo of cAistmg laws, shall, by procla-
mation, have deelaied the inhabitants of any State or sec-
tion, or part thcicof. in a state ot insunection against the
United States, he is hereby authonzed, at any time thcie-
after, by proclamation, to extend to any such persons who
may have participated thcicin, and in any such State or
part thereot as he shall judge piopei, pardon and amnesty,
with such exceptions ami at such time and on such condi-
tions as he shall declaie and proclaim.
Sec. 6. Jind be it jurthcr enacted, That if in any Stat*, or
part thereof, in winch the inhabitants have by the Piesident
been deflated m a state of insunection, the said insuncc-
tion shall have continued foi a period of six month?, then
and in that case the President is authorized, if m ins opin-
ion it is ncct\s3aiy to the successful suppression of said m-
suuretion, by proclamation to fix and appoint a nay when
all petsons holden to service or labor in any such State, or
pait thereof as he shall declare, whose service or labor is by
the law or custom of -.aid State due to any person or per-
sons who attei the day so fixed by said proclamation shall
levy war or participate in msunectiou against the United
States, or give aid to the same, shall be fiee and discharged
from ail such claim to labor or service; and 1 hereupon said
person shall be foi ever free and discharged from said labor
and service, any law or custom of said State to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Sec. 7. Jind be H further enacted, That whenever any
person claiming to he entitled to the service of any other
person as a slave undci the law of anj Stale shall seek to
enforce such claim, he shall, m the fiist instance, and as
preliminary to the trial of such claim, show satisfactorily
that he and the person to whom said service was by said
law due during the period of insurrection or rebellion was
loyal to the United States.
Mr. BROWNING. Before the vote is taken I
desire briefly to address the Senate upon this bill,
but do not wish to do so to day; and if it is agree-
able to the Senate, I will move to proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps the Senate, before pro-
ceeding to the consideration of executive business,
in which I am interested also as much as the Sen-
atorfromlllinois, would take the vote on the Hayti
bill which we had under discussion during the
morning hour.
Mr. BROWNING. I have no objection to that,
if it is supposed the vote can be reached.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it can be. The Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] proposes
to make a few remarks, but 1 understood from
him it would be only for a moment,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question must be disposed of before another bill
can be taken up for consideration,
Mr. SUMNER. I will move that the present
bill be postponed until one o'clock to-morrow and
made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to; two thirds of the
Senate concurring therein,
IIAYTI AND LIBERIA.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I move that the Senate
proceed to consider the bill authorizing diplomatic
relations with Hayti and Liberia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 184) to authorize the
President of the United States to appoint diplo-
matic representatives to the republics of Hayti
and Liberia respectively.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a letter from the
commercial agent of the United States at Hayti
which I sent to the desk to be read just as the dis-
cussion closed this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
pending is on the amendment, in the form of a
substitute, proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.] The Senator from Massa-
chusetts sends forward to the desk, as a part of
his argument, a letter, which will be read:
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Unitcd States Commercial. Agency,
Port au Prince, IIvyti, December 12, 18P>1.
Siu: Not being in leeeipt of any of your favors, I have
the honoi to mfoun the Department that since the date of
my last dUpaleh this country has been perfectly tranquil.
No (uither sign of insiurection has appeared; the comtnei-
cial movements of the countiy have not been distuibed,
and the public funds and currency have not fallen.
I deem it my duty to call the earnest attention of the De-
partment to the activity of European Powers In this place,
and to the determined and concerted attempt which is ap-
parently being made to drive American trade from the island
and to destroy our influence anion? the Hayticn people.
In the first place an almost entire change has just been
made 111 the yer^otmeloCthe foreign legations here. England
hasjust uncalled Mr. Spencer St. John from the "foist In-
dies, and appointed him charge d'affaires and consul gen-
eial heie. His vice consul is Mr. Henry Byron, who is
thoroughly acquainted with Haytien affairs, having been
here manyyeais, and identifiedhimselfwith the country by
mairying a Haytien wife. The Matquis de Forbin Jan<=on
has just arrived at Port an Prince as French charge and con-
sul geneial, together with a new chancellor and secretary
of legation. Signoi Antonio Alvarez, with a new secretary
o( legation, has likewise just been made charge and consul
gcneial for Spain. lie has been transferred fiom St. Do-
mingo City, where he represented Spain when she occupied
Dominica.
These arc all able men, much more so than their prede-
cessors, and they arc acting in union wherever they can,
to cripple the power and mteiest of the United States in
Ilayti. Their liberal salaries enable them to assume a style
of living and a place in the social world of Hayti entnely
beyond my leach ; and there is nothing, or next to nothing,
to counteract their activity.
I must say with frankness to the Department, that I find
my position much embarrassed by the failure of our Gov-
ernment to take any step towards acknowledging the na-
tionality of Ilayti, or entering into the usual relations of
comity which exist between neighboring peoples. The
Haytien-; believed that when the present Administration
came into power in the United States, our formei coldness
and neglect would cease; and they feei, and do not hesi-
tate to express, a bitter disappointment that nothing has
yet been done. This makes itself felt m a thousand ways,
difficult to describe, in the intercourse of the llaytien Gov-
ernment with me, though they tieat me personally with
entire respect.
Our commercial and navigation interests are very large
in Hayti, and theyaie suifeiing trom the present state ot
things. Apart from the depressing effect of the war, a still
greater depression of our Hayticn trade has been caused by
the ciicunistanee5:1 have named. Few Haytiens will now
ehaitcr an Ametican vessel, 01 twuisact then business with
