1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
American houses. unless absolutely necessary. And in spite
oi what little 1 can do a& commeicial agent this feci in g is
increasing. it is a ledum of veiy lecent erowth, and one,
a-= 1 have named, that lias been to a groat degree stimulated
bvthcfoieign representatives here; but, in myjudgment,
it threatens the most serious consequences to tile perma-
nency and -stability of our commeice with Ha>ti,and unless
something i< done to check it, we shall probably lie sub-
stantially dmen trom the island.
As an example ot this fueling, I would state that about a
month ago our vice commercial agcntatComuves, who had
been m the habit of hoisting an American Hag at his coun-
try house, just outside the town, on Sundavsand holidays,
without interruption from the authorities,' was ordered to
take down his flag-staff at that place, and requested to con-
fine himself, so far as hoisting his flag went, to his consu-
late m the town. I looked into the matter, and not being
able to -satisfy myself that, under the former practice and
general police regulations of flayti, he had anything which
could be insisted on as aiight to have a Hag there, 1 did not
make a point of it with the Government. The oecunence
J1- significant, and would not have happened three months
ago.
I beg leave to repeat to the Department my conviction
that our Govei nment ought to h^e no time in acknowledg-
ing the independence of llayti, and sending a diplomatic
legation here, to eounteiactthe schemes of foiegn Powers.
.Situated as ( am, merely tolerated, without "diplomatic
powcis, without even consular powers, and cramped in
eveiy way by a mere pittance of a salary,in a city which is
most expensive to live in, while I piomi>e the Depaitinent
to use my utmost exertions to piotect and extend the eom-
rnei cial and political interests of our country in the island,
i can, nevertheless, do little good at present.
1 am, with great lespeet, your obeciient servant,
SUTII WEBB, Jr.,
United States Commercial dgent..
Hon. Wili.iam H. Sewaiid, Secretary of State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thu question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, in the form of a substitute for the entire
bill. '
Mr. POWELL. On that i demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question to the Senate. It is not in the
puninre of a single Senator to demand the read-
ing of any paper after it has once been read. Tho
S'-nator from Kentucky asks for the second iv-ul-
inji of the amendment. Shall tt he again read ?
Tho question being put, it was decided in the
afiirmatj ve.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting clause,
and to mseit in lieu thereof the following:
That the President of the United States be. and hereby
is, authonzcd, bv and with the advice and consent of the
S'-iiato. to appoint a consul to tlie republic ot Liberia. and
a consul geneial to the leptiblic of IIa\ ti. rcspertively. witb
powet to negotiate treaties ot amity, tnemMup, and coui-
inuo! between the United Stat'-s and tlio-e n-pubhcs.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 30; as follows:
VEAS—Me«rs. Dan-, llendei-on, Latham, Powell,
Saul-huiv, SL.irk. Thomson, «md YVilI<*\—y.
jVAVS—Mcssh Anthony. Browning, Chandler, Cl.uk,
Co'lamei. Cowan, Divm, Doolittle,Fesseiak n, Foot, Fo>-
tei, Gi iin"v. Hale, llowaid. Howe. King. Lane of Indiana,
Lam ol Kan-a-. McUous.ill, .Monilf, Pom-aox, Slieunau,
SiiiiinoiiN Suinnei, Ten J3yck, Tiumbull. Wade, Wilkin-
son. Wi^on of Massachusetts, and Wright—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concuired m.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and it was read the third time
Mr. SAULSBURY. After the vote just taken
in the Senate I shall not ti espass upon their atten-
tion. as I intended to do, only for a brief period
however. It m evident that this bill is going to
pas.-!. I want the country, however, to know that
according to the rules of the Senate foreign mims-
teis have a n^ht upon this tloor, and we have set
apart a poi turn of the gallery for the ministers and
their families. If this bill should pass both Houses
of Congress and become a law, I piedict that in
twelve months some negro will walk upon the
floor of the Senate of the United States and carry
his family into that gallery which is set apart for
foreign ministers. If that is agreeable to the taste
and feeling of the people of this countiy it is not
to mine; and I only say that I will not be respons-
ible for any such act. With this I will content
myself.
Mr. POWELL. T ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am notakogethei pleased
with this bill, for I consider this one of the many
measures that I think inopportune; but I must say
as the repression of my opinion and the reason
that will govern my vote that I do not understand
why in the relations of nations the people of Hayti
and Liberia may not officially communicate with
us. I am not able to find any sentiment or any
opinion that justifies my refusing them the privi-
lege of being represented in our Court, if you please
to call the Picsldcnt of the United States and his
surroundings a Court. I do not know why we
have the right to deny to them that privilege; and
although I regret that this hill should be brought
forward now as a disturbing influence, and I do
not think the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations has adopted a wise policy; still, at
the same time, believing it right in itself, 1 must
sustain the proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Biownmg, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Divon. Doolittle, Fe>sen<ien7 Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale, UendeiBon, Howard, Howe, Kins,Lane
of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, Latham, McDousall, Morull,
Pomerov, Shennan, ^minions. Sumner. Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wnght—31
NAYS—>Ie<?si«!. Dayard, Carhle, Davis, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Stark, and Thom-on—7.
So the bill was passed.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO CHINA.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 75, to establish a line of steam mail ships be-
tween San Francisco, in California, and Shang-
hae, in China, touching at the Sandwich Islands
and Japan, with a view of setting it down for con-
sideration to-morrow morning at half past twelve
o 'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire if this
is assigned for half past twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, if it would not be the subject in order at one
o 'clock.
Mr. LATHAM. I will give way even if it will.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not
supersede the special order assigned for that hour.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and its further consideiution was postponed to,
and made the special order for, to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock; two thirds of the Senate con-
cumng therein.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPUESENT\TIVES.
Thursday, *ipril 24, 18(5*2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Oh.iplum, Rev. Tiiomas II. Stocktov.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTRACTS OF AVAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER hud hefotethe House a report
of contracts by the War Department for 1861;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the Holism calling for
papers relative to an alteration in the budge across
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal at Geoigetown;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
punted.
M ESS AGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Hay, his Private Sec-
retary, informing the House that the President
had appioved and signed a jointrt solution to sup-
ply the Smithsonian Institution with Wilkes's
Exploring Expedition.
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE OX COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House a
letter from Mr. Bailey, of Massachusetts, asking
to be excused from service on the Committee on
Territories, owing to protracted ill health.
The question was taken; and Mr. Bailey, of
Massachusetts, was excused from fut ther scivice
on the Committee on Tcinturie&.
WAR EXPENSES OF 1821.
Mr. FENTON", by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to settle the accounts of the State of
New York for advances made to the United States
during the war with Great Britain, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE WITH FRANCE.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs:
Rciolned} That the President be requested to transmit to
this [Jou-^e, if not incompatible with the public interest,
copies of such correspondence between the French Gov-
ernment and tho United States as may have been received
within the last two months relating to the present troubles
in America.
TREATIES WITII INDIANS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs a
bill to authorize the making of treaties with the
Indians in the Territory of Utah, with a view to
the purchase of their lands; which was read a
first and second time,referied to the committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and o.dcred
to be printed.
Mr. ALDRICH also, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the same committee, with a
recommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
322) to authorize the making of treaties with the
Navajo, Apache, and Utah Indian tribes in New
Mexico, defining their limits and extinguishing
their title to lands outsideof said Territory; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
DEPREDATIONS ON INDIANS.
Mr. ALDRICH also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the same committee, a bill to pro-
vide payment for depredations committed by the
whites on the Sac and Fox Indians in the Terri-
tory of Kansas; which was read a firstand second
time, lei.'rred to a Committee of the Whole House,
ami ordered to be printed.
Mr. W ASH BURN E called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. J06) to facilitate the suppression of the rebel-
lion, and to prevent it.s return; on which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] was entitled
to the floor.
RECOGNITION OF LIBERIA.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I askconscntof the House
to presenta petition for the recognition of Liberia,
signed by Bishop Potter and other citizens of
Philadelphia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must see that the
leguhu order of business shall be insisted on, un-
less the gentleman who calls for it withdraws the
call. The gentleman from Pennsylvania can filft
the petition under the rule.
EVACUATION OF JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA.
Mr. LAW. i ask the gentleman from Illinois
to give way for a single moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House. if not inconsistent with the public
inteiCftt^, ail the tact> and cucuinsUmecs within his knowl-
edge m tel'eieiice to thu late evacuation of Jacksonville,
Flonda, by the troops oftbe LTnited States.
Air. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope that part
of the resolution which relates to inconsistency
with the public interests will be stricken out. We
had a controversy which occupied this House for
nearly a whole day, growing out of a similar
clause.
Mr. LAW. I modify the resolution by strik-
ing out that part.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 106) to facilitate the suppression of the rebel-
lion and to prevent its leturn; on which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mi. Lovejoy] was entitled
to the floor.
i Mr. LOVEJOY. It was my purpose yester-
I day m seeking the floor at the close of the day's
