1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
session to reply to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden.] And I shall in the main pur-
sue that purpose this morning I desire to say,
however, before proceeding to notice the remarks
of the gentleman, that it is a novelty I think al-
most without a parallel in the history of nations
that a Government engaged in a serious war, to
put down a rebellion, should have advocates of
that rebellion on the floor of its national Legisla-
ture. And yet that strange, and I think I may
say, unheard-of, fact, is witnessed here almost
every day. At any rate every time any attempt
is made at legislation looking toward the suppres-
sion of this foul and parricidal revolt, the fact is
developed that that rebellion has sympathizers,
advocates, and defenders on this floor. And that
defense and advocacy is none the less fatal, none
the less to be deprecated, becausc it is indirect and
disguised.
I know very well that these defenders and ad-
vocates of the rebellion do not acknowledge the
fact that they are such. Eut the truth of my state-
ment is demonstrated by the fact that whenever a
blow is struck at that which has produced, nur-
tured, and sustained the rebellion, into which it
has thrust its roots, without which it never would
have existed, without which it could not sustain
itself for a quarter of a twelvemonth, then its de-
fenders start up, if not as thickly as Rodcric Dhu's,
at least as earnest. Sir, it cannot with decency be
denied that those who defend slavery are defend-
ers of the rebellion; slavery and the rebellion arc
synonyms; they are interchangeable terms.
The arch-fiend when he had fallen from his first
estate, and had been sent forth with the mark of
treason upon his brow, is represented by the great
English poet as roaming over the universe ex-
claiming:
"JWc miserable I which way shall I fly
Infinite wrath and infinite despair?
Winch way I fly is hell: myadf um liell."
Now, sir, precisely so is it with his progeny,
the first-born of hell, the system of American sla-
very; wherever it is, there is rebellion. It is itself
rebellion. It is its corner stone and support, and
the man who defends slavery at the present pe-
riod of our history, in the present circumstances
and peril of the Republic, advocates and defends
rebellion.
About once a week 01 so—I do not pretend to
be accurate—we are regaled with solemn homilies
and pathetic appeals from gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber—yes, and as a gentleman
suggests, on this side, too, in some sort—homilies
and appeals m defense and in behalf of this sys-
tem of slavery; at least very strongly deprecating
any interference with it.
The speech of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] yesterday, was one of these
homilies and appeals. He seems to sustain the
same relation to slavery, not to say to the rebel-
lion, and to indulge in the same misplaced feel-
ings of tenderness and affection for it—for I will
not suppose that any natural affection draws him
in that direction—that David had for the rebel-
lious Absalom.
At the risk and by the sacrifice of many of their
hves, the soldiers of the kingdom had achieved a
victory over the rebellious son of the old king;
they came back triumphantly, expecting to receive
some token ofhisapprobation; but instead of that,
they encountered an icy reception from the kins,
who thus bemoaned the fate of his rebellious son:
"Oh! my son Absalom ! Oh, Absalom, my son!
my son I"
For this ill-timed and misplaced fondness, a
stern old warrior, the commander-in-chief, who
believedinslaying the enemies of the Government
administered this just rebuke:
" Thou Invest thy enemies and luiiest thine fiieiuls; for
tins day I perceive that if Absalom lmd lived and all vrchad
died this day, then if had pleased thee well."
It is precisely with this kind of feeling that gen-
tic men come here bemoaning the attempted over-
throw of this traitorous system of human bondage.
jNow, Mr. Speaker, 1 take this position: either
slavery or the Republic must perish; and the ques-
tion tor us to decide is, which shall it be ?
Mr. Speaker, at the risk of being a little tedi-
ous, I will fortify my position by reading a few
quotations from the fathers of (his Republic, who,
from their wisdom, their patriotism, and single-
ness of purpose, had a prophet's forecast: ^
" Can the liberties of a nation be thought sccutc, when
we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the
minds of the people that these liberties are the gift of God ?"
—Thomas Jefferson.
" I have'no hope that the stieam of geneial liberty will
foi ever flow unpolluted through the mire of partial bond-
age.
"That the dangeious consequcnces of this system of
bondage have not as yet been felt, does not prove that they
never will be. To me, nothing, for winch I have not the
evidence of my senses, is more clear than that it will one
day destroy that reverence for liberty which is the vital
principle of a republic."—William Pinkney, of Maryland,
That, sir, is from William Pinkney, of Mary-
land; and lest I should forget to make a com-
ment on that remark hereafter, I will do it now.
The answer to this sentiment may be that we have
already lived with slavery; that the Republic,
has survived seventy years with it in a large por-
tion of the country. But Pinkney remarks, and
justly, that because it has not destroyed the liber-
ties of the people, it must not be inferred that it
never will. The fact that the cancer has not by
its corrupting power destroyed the life of the pa-
tient, docs not prove that it never will. Because
a man has a constitution that can survive that
fatal form of disease for a period of years does
not prove that he can always survive it; does not
prove that there may be a crisis in that disease
which must be either cured, or carry the patient
to the grave:
" Is it not amazing, that at a time when the rights of hu-
manity arc defined with precision, m a country above all
others fond of liberty, that in such an ajrc, and in ench a
countiy, we find men, professing a religion the most hu-
mane and gentle, adopting a principle as repugnant to hu-
manity, as it is inconsistent with the Bible, and destiuctive
to Uheity ? I could say many things on this subject, a seri-
liousview of which gives a gloomy piospcct for future
times."—Letter of Patrick Henry of Virginia.
"Slavery is inconsistent with the genius of republican-
ism, and has a tendency to destroy those principles on
which if is supported; as it lessens the sense of the equal
rights of mankind, and habituates us to tyianny and oppres-
sion."—lAilher Maittn, of Maryland, 1787.
" Jt is a fact too well known, at least by the poor, to ad-
mit of successful eontiover y, that the man who will op-
ptess and abu&e hta own slaves*, will al&o, when an oppoi-
tunity is afforded, oppress his indigent neighbor, or any
one else over whom he may have gained an advantage.
Tlus ptinciplc stiilces at the lootof our Republican institu-
tion.-, and if sullored to become sufficiently strong, it will
oveiturn even our libeity itself."—Address, of William
Sivaim, Guildford county, Noitk Carolina, ]83(J.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it will be seen by these ex-
tracts, that the statement which I have made is not
one which has proceeded from the heated brains
of extreme men, filled with the fanaticism with
which the heart and head of modern abolitionism
is said to be surcharged. These are the solemn
prophecies of those patriots of old, who foresaw
with the clearness of a seer's vision and foretold
that if we allowed this system of slavery to con-
tinue to rob the poor helpless slave of his rights,
that it would sooner or later work out its natural
and inevitable result, namely, the destruction of
the liberties of us all. An epigrammatic French
author says:
"That Ileaven has decreed that whoever fastens a chain
on the heel ot lua fellow-man, shall have the other end of
that chain put aiound his own neck."
Yet, sir, when we talk of destroying slavery,
the gentleman from Kentucky and others seize
this deformed whelp of slavery, which they are
petting like a she bear, and snai ling and gnashing
their teeth, run into the sanctuary of the Consti-
tution of the United States, shucking and scream-
ing, 45 The abolition avenger is upon you!" In
other words, in plain language, whenever we pro-
pose anything practicable looking towards the
overthrow of this system, however gradual the
process, gentlemen talk about a violation of the
Constitution, andclaim that this system of oppres-
sion has protection and defense in that Constitu-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, I want to say here, and now, a
word in regard to this constitutional question. I
tell the gentleman from Kentucky, and I tell all
the advocates and defenders of this system, 1 tell
those who get up here and make themselves hoarse !
in attempting to throw the protection of the Con-
stitution round this destroyer of the Republic, I
tell them, sir, there is no city of refuge into which
this treason-breeding system can flee and be safe
from the avenger of blood. By the Constitution,
with all its high and sacred obligations, by the
oath which we have sworn to defend that Consti-
tution, by all that is sacred in that oath, are we not
bound to strike that murderer who has attempted,
and. is now attempting, the life of this Republic?
This fiend of slavery has, with a tiger spring,
fastened its fangs upon the throat of the Govern-
ment, and vampire-like sucks us heart's blood,
and unless it is itself destroyed, will destroy the
Republic. The Constitution is for the country
and against slavery. Slavery has no shelter there.
There is, I repeat, no city of refuge for it; least
of all in the Constitution. It must be slain. 1 de-
clare^ here, in the presence of this House, the dec-
laration that slavery has a shelter or guarantee in
the Constitution is a miserable and unmitigated
falsehood. Shall we talk about constitutional
guarantees when this murderer is standing with
gleaming knife threatening the very existence of
the Republic? Can we not under the Constitu*
tion, and with its sanction and requirement, save
the nation ?
The assertion has been made so" often on this
floor that I suppose it is believed by those who
make it; and the hope is entertained, 1 have no
doubt, that those who listen to it will believe it
also, that slavery is guarantied by the Constitu-
tion; that we cannot even emancipate the slaves of
rebels without violating the Constitution and its
compromises and guarantees. I have taken occa-
sion several times to meet this assertion, and I
want to meet it every time that it is made with a
flat denial, because it is utterly without founda-
tion. I deny in the presence of this House, I
deny in the presence of the country, that slavery
has any guarantee, any approving recognition, any
sanction in the Constitution of these United States j
none whatever. This claim is utterly false. As
I have said once already, we have a traditionary
Constitution, which has been devised by the slave-
holder Scribes and Pharisees, but it is a perver-
sion of the original Constitution. That instru-
ment, standing in the light, the beauty, and glory
of its own perfection, has no sanction, no guar-
antee, no protection for this system of human sla-
very. I wish gentlemen would point out the chap-
ter and verse when they talk about the guarantees
of the Constitution. Where do you find them in
the Constitution—in what article, in what section,
in what clause? Nowhere, in letter or syllable,
or word or line, or section or article, can they be
found, for they are not there. No lawyer, even
with microscopic glass, can find them. It is
worthy of notice that the advocates of slavery
never give us chapter and veise, but always allude
in a general way to these guarantees. I ask for
the article anu section. Bold and reckless asser-
tions will not do.
I would love, Mr. Speaker, if I had the time, to
go through the Constitution article by article,
scction by section, and demonstrate, as I think I
could demonstrate, that what I say is true in re-
gard to there being no guarantee in the Constitu-
tion for the protection of slavery. The very pur-
pose of that Constitution was to establish justice.
It was to promote the public Avelfare. It was to
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity. And it is no proper answer to say
that the blacks or slaves are not the posterity of
those who framed the Constitution. In the first
place, at that time in most of the States black
men voted. In the next place, if we liberate the
slaves who trace their paternal ancestry to the
whites, it will at least give freedom to a decimal
part of the slaves.
Gentlemen talk about the reconstruction, about
the i establishment of the old Union, and I am
for it. I am for the Union entire, but I am not
for the return of the domination and tyranny of
slavery, which has not allowed me for the last
quarter of a century and more to tread the soil of
more than one half of the territories of these Uni-
ted States. 1 want the privilege, which I claim
under the Constitution, of standing anywhere,
upon any square foot of American soil over which
the 44 stars and stripes" float, with the full rights
and immunities of an American citizen. You say
that I can come into the slave States. No, sir, I
cannot. No American citizcn can go there unless
he will bow the knee to Baal and kiss tho ac-
cursed image. No man can go there unless his
lips are sealed on the subject of human freedom.
No man can go and reside where slavery is with-
out sacrificing his right to read the current litera-
ture of his choice.
Slavery claims the same right to exclude a news-
paper or book which advocates the cause of hu-
man freedom as it does to put out the fuse of a
shell which threatened to explode and destroy life.
I insist, therefore, that slavery must perish in
