1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Additional Treasury Notes—Mr. Baily.
Ho. of Reps.
stitution of slavery. But in Missouri, you pre-
ferred to have your resources developed and your
industrial interests prosecuted by a negro popu-
lation. You chose the institution of negro slavery,
and you chose it, as the lawyers would say, cum
onere—with its burdens. History had shown it
never to have been a relation of undisturbed and
long continuing permanence; and the lights of his-
tory were around you. You agreed, therefore,
in accepting its advantages, to submit to all the
inconveniences which might necessarily spring
from it in the coursc of time and events. If, there-
fore, to quell present rebellion and to destroy the
seeds which might germinate future trouble, it is
needful to set at liberty the bondmen of traitors,
the inconveniences to follow (if there be any) and
the duty to be just to the freedmen, is yours, and
you cannot fairly shift either the burden or the
duty upon us. But I had anticipated your argu-
ment by citing the example of Maryland, where
the policy both of expelling and of reducing again
to servitude the free colored population has been
condemned by an overwhelming popular expres-
sion, upon the express ground that they were
profitably employed in the several departments of
industry, and that any plausible conveniences
which it might be alleged would follow their re-
moval or reenslavement would be far more than
overweighed by great and manifest injury to the
State. Missouri would not be likely to suffer
worse evils than Maryland.
I propose now, Mr. Speaker, to explain very
briefly the provisions of the substitute which I
have offered for the bill reported by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
The first section specifies the several classes of
persons whose slaves are to be emancipated. And
first in the list, because most conspicuous in crime,
are the officers of the army and navy of the insur-
gents. These, in good part, were educated at the
expense of the Government, and engaged by the
, most solemn pledges which could bind the con-
sciences of men to maintain with their lives the
honor of its flag. They falsely deserted the Gov-
ernment at the earliest hour of its extremity, and
hastened to lend to treason all the advantages of
skill and science which their education had con-
ferred. The heaviest calamities which the nation
can inflict ought to be visited upon them, and they
should not be allowed to subsist upon the labor
of men who, however degraded in the social scale,
are far better entitled to the enjoyment of freedom
and the protection of benign laws than themselves.
The second and third specifications embrace all
those who shall hold prominent official positions
under the governmentof the so-called confederate
States, or of any State claiming to be a member
thereof. This will reach chiefly those faithless
public men who, while holding and enjoying the
rewards of honorable offices under tho Govern-
ment of the United States, were engaged in secret
combination to subvert it, and were using all the
advantages of official station and patronage to ex-
tend the ramifications of the wide-spread conspir-
acy which has ripened into rebellion and war.
The fourthand fifth specifieationsembraoe those
whose offices cannot be precisely named, but who
are involved an the criminality of maintaining the
machinery by which the color of nationality is
given to the rebel organization, and are engaged,
m great part, in enforcing obedience to laws sub-
jecting to penalties those who hold fast to their
allegiance to the Union.
The sixth specification goes an important step
further. It extends to those who, in spite of the
manifestation of the power of the Government to
preserve itself, still shall persist, aftef timely and
solemn warning, in remaining in arms against it
and stubbornly resisting its authority. It does not
embrace those who shall be m arms under con-
scription, or who cannot escape from service with-
out subjecting themselves to the stern penalties of
military law; but it is meant to reach those con-
tumacious spirits who, in the faceof all light an
from implacable hatred of the Union, mean stub-
bornly to oppose it to the end. Whatever may be
thenumber whom this specification may embiace,
can the justice of the punishment be otherwise than
universally approved? „.-,i„„,
The time and the occasions when the President
shall issue his proclamations of warning, are ef t
to his own discretion, in order particularly that
they may be made in such manneras fairly to come
to the knowledge of the persons to whom they are
addressed.
The second section of the substitute is of the
highest importance to an efficient bill, and it sup-
plies what I regard as a grave ortfission in the bill
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. That bill,
after declaring what slaves shall be emancipated,
provides that whenever any person claiming the
labor or service of any such slaves shall seek to
enforce his claim, it shall be a sufficient defense
theieto that he was engaged in the rebellion,&c.;
and that whenever any person claiming to be en-
titled to the service or labor of any other person
shall seek to enforce such claim, he shall, before
any order of surrender shall be made, establish not
only such claim, but also that he had not aided,
assisted, or countenanced the rebellion; but no pen-
alty is prescribed against the rebel who shall per-
sist, notwithstanding the right of the slave to be
released, t hold him in servitude; nor isany rem-
edy provided by which the slave thus held shall re-
cover his freedom. Only the case of an escape and
an attempt of the claimant to recover by legal pro-
ceedings the escaped slave, is provided for. But
the substitute which I have offered provides for
the appointment of commissioners in each of the
slaveholding States whose duty it shall be to make
lists of the slaves of all persons embraced in the
specifications of the first section, together with the
names of the masters. The lists, when prepared,
are respectively to be reported to the disti'ictconrts
of the United States for the proper districts, and
the claimants arc to be notified of the filing of the
lists and required to show cause why theirslaves
shall not be declared free.
If a claimant fails to answer to the summons,
a record is made of the emancipation of his slaves,^
and certificates of freedom arc issued to them. 11
lie appears, it is incumbent upon him to make an
affidavit, and show by prima facie proof that he
never has belonged to any of the classes named
in the first section, and likewise to state in his
affidavit that he will bear true faith and allegiance
to the United States; otherwise the slaves arede-
clared and certificated free men. But if the affidavit
and proof are presented, then it is incumbent upon
the attorney of theGovernment or slaves to over-
come this proof by preponderating evidence to the
contrary, and uponsueh preponderating evidence
being adduced, the slaves are, of coursc, declared
free, and receive certificates. These certificates
are to be conclusive evidence of freedom in all
courts of tho States and the United States.
The substitute offered also provides that if a
slave, emancipated under its provisions, shall be
held in servitude or restraint under a claim to his
service or labor, he shall forthwith be discharged
upon habeas corpus by any judge of a United States
court. In this way a sure remedy is provided, to
guard against a prejudice Which might, in some
cases, if the remedy were limited to Slate tribunals,
be hurtful, if not fatal, to his application. Under
the laws now in force, regulating the jurisdiction
of the United States courts, the habeas corpus can
only be granted where the person sought to be re-
leased is held under color of the authority of the
United States. This additional legislation is there-
fore indispensable to the efficacy of an emancipa-
tion bill, and its omission from the bill reported by
the gentleman from Massachusetts is a grave one.
While the public record and certificate of eman-
cipation, of which I have spoken, are for the ben-
efit of tho slave entitled to liberation, they are not,
however, to be indispensable to the assertion of
his freedom. If, having escaped from his master,
the latter seeks to enforce his claim to service, it
will be incumbent on him to prove, not only a
valid claim, but that he never belonged to any of
the classes named in the first section of the sub-
stitute. .
The last feature of the substitute to winch I
shall allude is that which provides for the acqui-
sition by treaty or otherwise of lands in Mexico,
Central America, South America, or the island's
of the Gulf, for the colonization of the negroes
emancipated under its provisions. Itis designed
to inaugurate a policy which will gradually and
peacefully draw off icom us a race which, fiom
the prejudices of caste arid the aversions of color,
must always be an alien and degraded one. It is
founded upon the idea of establishing our coloied
population in tropical homes, under circumstances
which will incite them to industry, and repay tem-
porary outlay by the solid and enduring benefits
arising from commercial intercourse. Already our
trade with the colony of Liberia is greater than
our trade with the vast empire of Russia ; our
commerce with the colored race of Hayti exceeds
our commerce with Russia; and if a wise and con- ^
siderate policy is pursued in the practice of col-
onization in the tropical zone of our continent,
much more important results may be safely anti-
cipated. The policy of my own State, to which
the gentleman trom Missouri has alluded, has not
been prompted by a mere cold and selfish preju-
dice against the colored race. The State has pur-
chased lands in Liberia for such of the colored
population as may choose to emigrate thereto, and
has for many years made liberal annual appropri-
ations to aid in tho voluntary colonization of her
colored inhabitants. She treats humanely those
who do not choose to go; but she desires a sepa-
ration of the races. The acquisition of lands in
the countries mentioned will not be difficult or
expensive. The inhabitants being composed of
mixed races, there is no prejudice against color.
Guatemala and Honduras have already signified
their readiness to receive sueh colored inhabitants
as we will send to them. The proprietors of the
large grant in the province of Chituqui are ready
to receive them. Providence seems to be tempt-
ing them, by the greatest inducements, to settle
in these auspicious tropical climes. And what
more just—what more fit in the retributions ot
Providence—than that the moneys derived from
the confiscated property of the rebel leaders, who
have endeavored to pervert the institution of sla-
very into an agency to subvert the Government,
should be the means at once of removing and ele-
vating the colored race?
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, hastily glanced at the
prominent features of the amendment, in the na-
ture ofasubstitute, which it is my purpose to offer,
if the motion to reconsider shall prevail. It is not,
indeed, so broad and sweeping in its provisions as
the original bill; but it will be much more efficient
within the sphere of its application. Theumversal
sense of the people will sanction it, as measuring
outpunishment where itis deserved,and inflicting
a blow, at the right time and in the right place,
upon the unscrupulous chiefs who have led the
movement to overthrow the Government. When
they shall have been broughtdown from the proud
elevation to which their wealth and social posi-
tion have exalted them, by the stern hand of an
incensed Government, the deluded people, after
they shall have had a brief time to recover from
the wretched infatuation which has misled and
excited them, will be happy to talcr. refuge from
the accumulated evils which rebellion has brought
upon them, under the laws of that benign Govern-
ment which so long furnished them shelter and
protection;and no "star ofdestmy " (about which
they have heaid so much) will be to them so
brigbtand auspicious as that which symbolizes to
each his own State in the azure field of the old flag
The motion to reconsider prevailed—ayes 84,
noes G4; and the bill was recommitted, with in-
structions to report Mr. Porter's substitute
ADDITIONAL TREASURY NOTES.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH BAILY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 17, 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
statP of the Union—
Mr. BAILY said:
Mr. Chairman: I happen to be one of those old
enough to have voted for that great and gpod man
Andre w J ac kson. About the period of his second
election that old hero grappled the heresy of nul-
lification by the throat, when he sent Commo-
dore Elliott down to Chaileston, and laid a few of
our old-fashioned frigates broad-side to that arro-
gant city, and filled the forts in the haiboi full of
soldiers, there was nogi umbling then; evei ything
the old man did to crush that little rebellion was
approved by the Democratic party of that day.
