1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
saw a telegraphic dispatch to-day—I havenotgot
it now, my colleague has—that resolutions were
introduced into the Legislature of Rhode Island
to instruct him and mc to vote for this legal tender
clause; but they happened to be voted down after
the word " instruct" was stricken out. That was
in the Senate, however, I lather think the popular
branch is likely to'pass such a resolution. But,
sir, it would not make any more diffcrcncc with
my vote than if they sent oak leaves here with
nothing written on them. I intend this year, on
all constitutional questions, to vote according to
my conscience, and not according to anybody's
instructions. I have but one more year to serve,
and I reckon I can stand it if they turn me out.
I do not believe in the dogma of instructing men
to vote on constitutional questions; I never did.
believe in it, audi never mean to do so. 1 agree '
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the
nearer we live up to that old instrument,the more
faith we have in its piovisions, the more rever-
ence wc pay to its founders, the better our credit
will be here and elsewhere; and private credit,
private faith, is among the strongest ties by which
society is held and bound together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fosters
the chair.) Is the Senate icady for the question
on the proposed amendment?
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the mover of this
amendment a single question. He proposes by
his amendment, as I understand, to prevent these
notes fiom being a tender, so to speak, for either
private or public debts?
Mr. COLLAMER. No; I mean that they shall
be a tender for a debt due to the public, the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOWE. He means to prevent them from
being a tender either for debts due from one indi-
vidual to another, or for debts due from the Gov-
ernment to individuals.
Mr. COLLAMEll. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. The effect of piohibiting them
as a tender for debts due fiom one individual^ to
another we very well understand. The question
about which I wish to be informed is this: sup-
pose wc so amend the bill as that these notes are
not to be a tender for debts due from the Govern-
ment to individuals, do we, therefore, protect the
creditois of the Government at all ? In other words,
if wc declare by this bill that the notes need not
be received by the creditors of the Government,
do we put those creditors in any better position?
What remedies have they against the Government?
How are they protected?
Mr. COLLAMEll. Ido notknow that I shall
be able to answer the gentleman without an argu-
ment. He asks me to answer no question to which
I can reply either yes or no. He asks me for an
argument.
Mr. ITOWE. Then, if the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me, 1 will put my question in
such a foim that he can answer it yes or no. I
ask whether, if we adopt the amendment he has
proposed, the creditor of the Govern men twill have
any other remedies against the Government than
he will have under the bill as it now stands?
Mr. COLLAMER. As I read the bill, these
notes are payable and receivable by the Govern-
ment, which, I take it, means that the public cred-
itor shall receive them. If it does not mean that,
it means nothing. If it means that, we go to a sol-
dier and say, "wc owe you two months'pay.
here are some Treasury notes to the amount ot
twenty-six dollars." Under my amendment the
soldier will be at liberty to say, " I do not want
that paper," and then his debt will iciynnn against
the Government. Under the bill the debt would
not re-main against the Government: but tile paper
being payable to and receivable by the public cred-
itors, ho must necessarily receive it.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question just there?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. IIOWE. If wc give him twenty-six dol-
lars in these notes for two months' services, I
understand the Senator to say the debt would be
paid ?
Mr. COLLAMER. That debt would be paid,
hut the note would be due.
Mr. IIOWE. The question I wish to put is,
does not that tiansaction merely change the ob-
ligation of the Government from an implied to an
express one, or from one express one to another ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems that the gentle-
man will follow one question with another, so as
to compel me to take up time in making an argu-
ment. I do not hold at all with the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that if I receive the note
of the Government for my pay,Lhave notloaned
the Government that money, lhave loaned them
that very money, and taken their note for it. It
is tiuc then they do not owe me the wages; but
they owe me the note. That is the condition of
it. Just so it is with the soldier. When you pay
him with the note, his wages are not due: butlns
note is that you have made him take. There does
not seem to me to bo any necessity for a great
deal of hocus pocus about it; there is no necessity
for embarrassing men with a great deal of thimble-
rigging about this business. It is saying, "Sir,
you take that note; wo know that when you go
to buy property in the maiket, you cannot buy
so much for it as you could if you had the money;
but we tell you that you will have to get the note
cashed and pay the discount on it, or pay more
for what you buy, which amounts to the same
thing." It is s,vying on the part of the Govern-
ment to the soldier, that instead of the Govern-
ment getting its paper discounted and payinghim
in money, he shall take the paper and discount
it, and suffer the loss. I am opposed to all such
contrivances.
Mr. BAYARD. It is my desire, if I can, to
vote for any bill to raise money which the Gov-
ernment of the country considers nccessai y for its
purposes in this exigency; but I must be confined j
by the limits of the Constitution; and when 1 say
that, I do not mean to enter into the constitutional
argument, though I hold it may be made a demon-
stration, because I am perfectly awaie that by tins
time Senators have made up their minds upon the
question and that no argument of nnne can be of
the slightest avail. If the views of those who
framed the Constitution and which must be fa-
miliar to all,aie to be disregarded; if whatiseven
far beyond that, the settled construction of the
Constitution for a period of more than eighty yeais
since it was formed to the present time, basleftns j
without a single suggestion ol the idea that within
the powers ot" the Congress of the United States
a power existed to issue an irredeemable paper cur-
rency—ifsuch arguments will not prevail, nothing
that I can urge would bo of any avail to prevent
the adoption of this clause which the honoiable
Senator from Vermont has moved to stiike out of
the bill. I theiefore do notintend to enter into the
constitutional argument beyond a mere reference
to two clauses of the Constitution, and I do that
because of the opinion of the Attorney General of
the United States, which is only the pretense of an
argument—-I consider it no more than a pretense.
With the exception of Ins opinion, I have never
known or heard of anybody in this country before
who contended that Congiess bad power to issue
paper money as a legal tender for the paymentof
, debts.
j The first articleofthe Constitutionmitsfirstsec-
! tion pi ovides, that "all legislative powers herein
granted shall be vested in aCongressof the United
! States"—not an indefinite delegation ofall powers
j of legislation, as is the case in our State constitu-
1 tions" where the legislative power of the commu-
nity is vested in a Senate and House of Represent-
atives; but here in this Constitution of specially
; delegated powers; " all legislative powers herein
! granted shall be vested in a Congress" and none
other. When you come to the other clause which
i specifies these powers, you find but a solitary pro-
vision which has any relation to the power to make
i money. The power to borrow is a distinct tiling,
' but the powei to make money is " to coin money,
! regulate the value thcreofand of foreign coin, and
' fix the standard of weightsand measures. Ihave
supposed that the power being designated in that
j form,and Congress having aright to exercise only
! the powers granted, under no species of interpre-
tation could you hold that a power to com money
: implied or could be extended to a power to make
I your own paper, your promise to pay, money for
j the purpose of discharging debts between individ-
[ uals or as against yourself.
It would be just as reasonable, in my judgment,
; if Congress were to assume the right to make the
I notes of the Bank of England a tender for the pny-
li ment of debts in the United States, as to nuuLe^
! their promises to pay a tender lor the payment oi
jj debts m the United States. That would be justas
h much within the power delegated, just as rational
in the construction of that power, as the attempt
which is now made by this bill as it stands. It
is true that old maxims are now very little, re-
garded, but the old rule of interpretation is one
of reason—that the expiession of one thing is the
exclusion of another. Surely, independent of the
positive direct testimony that you have of the
attempt which was made in the convention to give
the power to emit bills of credit, which was voted
down by nine States to two, the confining of the
grant to this Government of specially delegated
powers, to the making of coin and the regulation
of its value and the value of foreign coins, would
necessarily exclude the idea that you could make
money out of promises to pay.
I shall, however, pass over the constitutional
argument. I really do not think, from anything I
ever hoard on the subject, that is worth an argu-
ment. The thing is to my mind so palpable a
violation of the Federal Constitution, that I doubt
whether in any court of justice in this country,
having a decent regard to its own respectability,
you can possibly expect that this bill which you
now pass will not, whenever the question is pre-
sented judicially, receive its condemnation as un-
constitutional and void in this clause. There is
a distinction however between the debts of the
Government and the debts of individual's, and that
was the reason why I suggested to the honorable
Senator from Vermont to move first an amend-
ment which should strike out of this bill the pro-
vision that makes these Treasury notes a legal
tender in payment of debts between individuals—
not that it is less unconstitutional to make your
promises to pay a payment to a public creditor.
The unconstitutionality of the act is just the same;
it is an excess of power upon your part in either
case; but the difference consists in this: it is a
mere question of policy in that respect connected
with your own bill; but the moment you intro-
duce such a clause as regards contracts between
individuals, you necessaiiiy bring in the powers
of a coordinate branch of the Government, the
judiciary, whether State or national; and when-
ever the attempt is made to pay debts with your
depreciated notes by way of tender, or the tender
of Treasury notes is made, of course the question
becomes a legal question for the decision of the
courts. In regard to the obligations of the Gov-
ernment to its own creditors, however, as it is not
suable, you may, by a high excess of' authority,
say that you will not pay except in promises to
pay; and the courts cannot notice it, the courts
cannot decide upon it. You may get a factitious
credit for a lime in this way, but you will destroy
the very credit you aim at, because you bring the
judiciary ill conflict with the legislative power and
they will overrule your bill, as between individ-
uals, which they can rightfully do, which they
have the power to do; and you cannot avoid the
effect of their derision. It will add additional
depreciation to tile notes that you issue under this
law.
It may be said that as long as these notes ap-
proximate to the value of the coin of the country,
gold and silver, individuals from feelings of patri-
otism or from any other cause, will be willing to
use them as a cuirency while there is not a re-
dundancy. That may be so; but after a while
there will be a conflict; and there is one class of
creditois that you cannot expect to reach in that
way; and that is the class of guardians, trustees,
and executors, where men have to receive money
in a fiduciary capacity. If they receive as money
that which has not the value of money except by
arbitrary legislation, they may be made to account
for it, not now in a time of excitement, but two,
four, ten, fifteen, or twenty yeais hence, depend-
ing upon the expiration of niinonty or upon the
leniovai of coverture, if the cestui que trust is now
afemscoverte. Do you suppose they will not make
the legal question ill your courts when the tender
is made to them of a depreciated currency as pay-
nientof a debtdue to them as trustees? Of course
they will; you cannot expect to avoid it. Some
honorable Senators may suppose that the courts
of this country will decide that this is a constitu-
tional law. I hold that to be simply.impossib e,
and the effect of the necessary decision of the
courts will be to increase the depreciation beyond
that which would otherwise exist if you issued
these notes as evidences of debt on the part of the
Government and left it to the feelings of the com-
munity and the credit of the Government to give
