A818
TI-IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
ituted upon us by the rebellion, and I wish briefly
to state just the position we occupy. We did
not make this war for the sake of killing men; for
the sake of breaking down bridges or destroying
any other property. We carry it on for the pur-
pose of putting down the "rebellion, and for the
purpose of putting it down we kill men, burn
bridges, and destroy any amount of property. I
want to destroy slavery for the same purpose,
because that is the only way, in my opinion, in
which we can rescue this country from the rebel-
lion and preserve the Union. There can be no
Union until slavery is destroyed. We may bind
with iron bands antagonistic nations in one, but
there will be no permanent and substantial Union,
no harmony, and this nation will not be homo-
geneous and be one in truth, as it is in form, until
slavery is destroyed.
The gentleman says our soldiers would not
fight if this were an anti-slavery war. That has
been asserted here time and again. Who knows
it? Who is authorized to speak on that point for
those brave soldiers who are laying down their
lives by thousands ? I deny the assertion. I say
that most of the soldiers of the North are anli-
slavery men, and that those who did not origin-
ally go into the war as such have been regener-
ated by baptism of blood.
The gentleman says that if it had been an anti-
slavery war, another class of men would have
fought it, intimating that anti-slavery men are not
in this war. I deny it. Three fourths of all the
soldiers, when they enlisted, were anti-slavery.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not say that no
anti-slavery men were in the Army. 1 never
thought it; nor did I say that this was made as
an anti-slavery war. I stated what the effect would
be if this was converted into an anti-slavery war
in this House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood the gentleman
to say that if, in the progress of this war, it should
become necessary for tlie President—and he inti-
mates that it may be necessary—to make it an
anti-slavery war, and emancipate the slaves for the
sake of the Union and to suppress the rebellion,
then our soldiers would not fight.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I argued somewhat at
length to show that it could not be necessary, and
that there was not a gentleman here who would say
that it was necessary; that there was not a gentle-
man who would not say that we have not ample
means, already, for the accomplishment of that
end.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I say you cannot put down
the rebellion and restore the Union without de-
stroying slavery. I have said it all along. 1 say
it is utterly impossible to do it, and that the irrcc-
oncitable and antagonistic principles of freedom
and slavery cannot live in the same nation; and
that has been demonstrated during this whole re-
bellion, and by the very fact of the rebellion. If
slavery was content to live in the nation, why did
it revolt? The gentleman from Kentucky, as is
the wont of those defending slavery, quotes the
example of Washington. It is the old story of
garnishing the sepulcher of dead piophets and
slaying the living ones. If any one should come
in the spirit and power of Washington, as John
came in the spirit and power of Elias, the slave-
holders would murder him. I am tired of this
cant and hypocrisy. I do not hold a sentiment
that has not the recorded sanction of Washington.
The gentleman says that if the confiscation act
shall pass, those affected by it will resist it; and
if 1 understood him, he advocated resistance to
this confiscation law, teaching another rebellion,
ill view of confiscation, in advance.
• The gentleman pronounced an enthusiastic eu-
logy on the rights of poormen. He says that the
king, even, cannot invade the sacred mclosure of
the poor man's cottage. He has several times
pronounced a glowing eulogy upon the Constitu-
tion: there it stands, says he, the old, glorious,
imperishable Constitution. 1 thank the gentle-
man for that eulogy. It is true. I subscribe to
every word of if; and that Constitution knows
no black, no white; knows no slave; but recog-
nizes ail men as entitled to the rights of men, and
throws its protecting segis over the poor slave as
much as over any other individual. The "entle-
man has eulogized, and justly, the British* com-
mon law. I read an extract from the celebrated
speech of Curran:
-1 t^pcak in the rpuit of tiro British law, which makes
liberty commensurate with, and inseparable from, the Brit-
ish ?oii, which proclaims even to the stranger and the s,o-
joumerthe moment he sets his foot upon British earth that
the ground on which he treads is holy, and consecrated by
the genius of universal emancipation.
" No matter in what language his doom may have been
pronounced; no matter what complexion incompatible
with freedom an Indian or an African sun may have burnt
upon him; no matter m what disastrous battle his liberty
may have been cloven down; no matter with what solem-
nities he may have been devoted upon the altar of slavery;
the first moment he touches the sacred soil of Britain the
altar and the god sink together in the dust; his soul walks
abroad in her own majesty; his body swells beyond the
measure of his chains, that burst from around him, and he
stands redeemed, regenerated, and disenthialled by the irre-
sistible genius of universal emancipation."
The same sentiment is breathed forth in the
verse of Cowperr
"Slaves cannot breathe in England; if their iungs
Receive our air, that moment they are free;
They touch our country and their shackles fall.
That's noble, and bespeaks a nation proud
And jealous of the blessing. Spread it then,
And let it circulate through ev'ry vein
Of all your empire, that where Britain's power
Is felt, mankind may feel her meiey too."
Oh, how my heart yearns to have this true of
America. Thank God, it is true of this District.
The gentleman from Kentucky says he has a
niche for Abraham Lincoln. Where is it? He
pointed upward. But, sir, should the President
follow the counsels of that, gentleman, and become
the defender and perpetuator of human slavery,
he should point downward to some dungeon in
the temple of Moloch, who feeds on human blood
and is surrounded with fires, where are forged
manacles and chains for human limbs—in the
crypts and recesses of whose temple woman is
scourged and man tortured, and outside the walls
arc lying dogs gorged with human flesh, as By-
ron describes them stretched around Stamboul.
That is a suitable place for the statue of one who
would defend and perpetuate human slavery.
Sir, the fiiends of American slavery need not
beslime the President with their praise. He is an
anti-slavery man. He hates human bondage.
The gentleman says he did not vote for him.
Why did not the gentleman remind the House that
he did vote for a man now among the rebels? I did
vote for the occupant uf the executive chair, and
labored for his clcction as I never labored for that
of any other man. If the gentleman wants to
sustain the President in his Administration in its
stormy and perilous voyage, why did he not vote
for his wise and patriotic message, hailed and ap-
proved, so far as I know, by the whole country,
except slaveholders ?
I voted cordially for that message. Extreme men,
as they are < ailed, voted for that message. On say-
ing, as 1 have said, slavery must perish, I do not
mean that it must perish at once necessarily. And
while I say that the slaves can take care of them-
selves, and that they should be let alone, do I mean
to preclude the idea of colonization that is not com-
pulsory. The message of the President, there-
fore, presented ground where all might stand, the
conservative and radical, and with common pur-
pose and combined effort put forth their exertions
for the beneficent object of universal emancipa-
tion accompanied by colonization, if just to the
slave and best for the country. Why did not the
gentleman vote for it? 1 yield to no one in my
honest belief in the pure patriotism of the Presi-
dent. I believe in these respects he stands by the
side of Washington.
I, too, have a niche for Abraham Lincoln; but
it is in Freedom's holy fane, and not m the blood-
besmeared temple of human bondage; not sur-
rounded by slaves, fetters, and chains, but with
the symbols of freedom; not dark with bondage,
but radiant with the light of liberty. In that niche
he shall stand proudly, nobly, gloriously, with
shattered fetters and broken chains and slave
whips beneath his feet. If Abraham Lincoln pur-
sues the path evidently pointed out for him in the
providence of God, as I believe he will, then he
will occupy the proud position I have indicated.
That is a fame worth living for; ay, more, that is
a fame worth dying for, though that death led
thiough the blood of Gcthsemane and the agony
of the accursed tree. That is a fame which has
glory and honor and immortality and eternal life.
Let Abraham Lincoln make kmiself, as 1 trust he
will, the emancipator, the liberator, as lie has the
opportunity of doing, and his name shali not only
be enrolled in this earthly temple, but it will be
traced on the living stones of that temple which
rears itself amid the thrones and hierarchies of
heaven, whose top stone is to be brought in with
shouting of " Grace, grace unto it."
It is said that Wilberforce went up to the judg-
ment seat with the broken chains of eight hun-
dred thousand emancipated slaves. And it is not
too much to believe that the slave liberated by the
beneficent power of the President should, in that
future world, next to the God that made him, and
the Saviour who redeemed him, thank the bene-
factor who released him from the thralldom of sla-
very, and allowed him to learn the pathway to
heaven in the light of that volume which had to
him been a sealed book. This is a fame worthy
the aspirations of the noblest nature. But the
soul recoils from the accursed and bloody fame to
which the gentleman would consign the President
as the champion of human bondage, and the pre-
server and perpetrator of American slavery.
" Datk would his fame be! darker still
His immortality of ill."
And now, let me say that this is the nation*s
opportunity, and I appeal to the members around
me* as Christian men, as the Representatives of
a Christian people, to improve this opportunity
which is given to them, under the providence of
God, to put an end to slavery.
" Once to every man and nation comes the moment to
decide
In the strife of truth with falsehood, for the good or evil
side;
Some great cause, God's new Messiah, offers each the
bloom or blight,
And the choice goes by forever 'twixt the darkness and
that light."
*'011 that thou hadst known, at least in this
thy day, the tilings that belonged to thy peace !"
God grant that they may not be hidden from our
eyes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
believe the question before the House is the mo-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Olin] to commit this
subject to a sclect committee, and it is one of the
curious infelicities of our multitudinous rules that
on that question so roaming a debate is m order.
I rise particularly for the purpose of demanding
the previous question; but before doing so I wish
to say a word upon the proposition actually be-
fore us now, as that is the only topic nobody has
lately referred to.
Mr. DIVEN. If the gentleman will allow me,
I desire before he moves the pievious question, as
a member of the committee who have made a re-
port adverse to these bills,tosubnntsome remarks
to the House.
Mr. ItOSCOE CONKLING. I think that is
only a reasonable request, as my colleague is a
member of the committee once in charge of this
whole subject, and therefoie, unless somebody
objects, I will in a moment relinquish the floor to
my colleague, with the understanding that hcsludl
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I desne to nuke
an appeal to the gentleman from New York. I
have a few remarks, rather of a general character,
which I have been seeking an opportunity for sev-
eral days to make to this House, and as I have
not been a troublesome member m the discussion
of the great questions which agitate the country,
1 trust, as this discussion has taken quite a wide
range, the gentleman will do me the favor to al-
low me on this occasion to say what 1 have to say
in reference to this question before the House. I
ask it as a courtesy at his hands.
Mr. R08C0E CONKLING. Allow me to
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Mis-
souri. If this subject shall be committed to a special
committee, to be reported back presently, the gen-
tleman from Missouri and all others will have an
opportunity then, more appropriate than now, to
submit such remarks as they desire to make. I
should much prefer that course, and yet I dis-
like very much to stand in the way of the desire
of gentlemen to be heard. 1 believe it never fell
to my lot but once- to insist upon the previous
question, and it is not a practice I should like to
adopt; on the contrary, I wouidrather see every-
body's convenience promoted.
I favor the motion to commit, not as a dilatory
motion, but as an expeditious motion. Upon one
thing we are all agreed. We all legard this sub-
ject as one of vast importance, and likely to be
greater in its ultimate bearings and consequences
than m its immediate magnitude. The Judiciary
Committee, it is said, has been able to agree upon
