298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
37 th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Additional Treasury Notes—Mr. Baily.
Ho. of Reps.
I remember well, when the report came North,
(news did not travel as fast at that time as it does
now,) that he had expressed a determination to
hang Calhoun as high as Haman, but one voice
was heard, and that was to applaud his declara-
tion. A compromise with treason was unwisely
but honestly made at that time; the old hero was
prevented from crushing that foolish outbreak by
force, as he would have done; and the nation is
now reaping the bitter fruits of that blunder. If
Jackson had been let alone in his great purpose of
maintaining the supremacy of the Constitution and
laws by the strong arm of power, and punished a
few of the bad men engaged in that movement, it
is hardly likely we should now be called upon to
make such tremendous efforts to quell rebellion.
The bold, bad men in the South, who have lately
boasted that they have been engaged for thirty
years in preparing the public mind in that region
for the present outbreak, would hardly have com-
menced their task of treason at so early a day if
Jackson had been let alone. These men were per-
mitted to go unpunished, and they have at lastin-
volved their country in the most cruel and cause-
less civil,war on record. They have committed
a great crime. They are now in armed rebellion
against a Government that never did them wrong.
They have enjoyed more than their share of its
patronage; have had a majority of the Presidents
and Vice Presidents, of Cabinet officers and for-
eign ministers; and yet, in the face of all these
benefits, because, as they hypocritically allege,
the Government would not do what they knew it
had no constitutional power to do, to suppress
abolition societies and presses, they have risen up
in armed rebellion to destroy it. This is a sub-
terfuge. The abolition of slavery had but little
influence upon the bold and unscrupulous leaders
of this rebellion. They made potent use of that
element of discord to beguile the honest masses of
the South into treason, but the leaders knew bet-
ter. They knew well that Mr. Lincoln would be
in a minority in both branches of the present Con-
gress, and would be powerless to do them harm
if he desired. It was a question of power that
moved these lenders to rebellion and not the ques-
tion of abolition. They are natural aristocrats,
and perceived with mingled fear and hate the sur-
prising growth of the North and West in all the
elements of greatness—numbers, wealth, and in-
telligence—and feared these elements would some
day be used to curtail their influence over the Gov-
ernment and its patronage. That was the promi-
nent, leading motive for their treason, and not the
abolition of slavery. If the latter motive had ac-
tuated them, why did their self-constituted gov-
ernment olfer to England and France the abolition
of slavery in thirty years, as the price for their
acknowledgment arid an alliance to aid in destroy-
ing our Government?
it will not do to close our eyes to the enormity
of this crime or the condition of things that fear-
fully surround us. This is a war of elemental
princi pies—of aristocracy against democracy; and
its effects, for good or evil, will be felt to the ut-
most bounds of civilization. If the former suc-
ceeds, the cause of constitutional liberty will be
put back a thousand years. If the latter triumphs,
as it most certainly will, the bold men who are
raising their voice against tyranny over the whole
earth will be inspired with a new vigor in their
efforts to establish equal rights and constitutional
freedom for all civilized men. In this great emerg-
ency, what is theduty of the Government and the
peopiewho are loyal to it? Are we merely to look
on like servile wretches and permit these traitors
to destroy our Government, without an effort to
save it? Are we reduced to so mean a condition
that, after the short period of seventy-three years
of national existence, four fifths of the American
people became so venal and cowardly as to per-
mit the other fifth to overthrow theirGovernment?
No, sir. We have plenty of good and brave men
yet who are willing to peril their all in defense of
their country. We may have men among us who
try to alarm the fears of the people about debtand
taxation.
But these things are of no avail. Thegreatma-
jority of the people have resolved, in their heart
of hearts, that there is but one way about it.
This rebellion is to be put down, cost whatit may.
The people well know that if it is permitted to
succeed, ruin and desolation will follow. The
protection the laws afford to life and property will
be swept away with the destruction of the Gov-
ernment. The people know this we,11, and hence
the patriotic Uprising of six hundred and fifty
thousand armed men to crush out this foul blot
on the fair fame of our country. Debt and taxa-
tion were not a consideration with the people
when they sent these brave men forth to battle for
their country. They knew well that debt and
taxation would be the result of the herculean ef-
forts they were making to save this Government,
and all true men will bear these burdens cheerfully.
There is no use now in talking about the causes
that may have produced this rebellion—about
abolition and the conduct of enthusiasts. We
have the terrible and tangible fact staring us in
the face, that a portion of the people of the United
States have arrayed themselves in armed rebel-
lion against their country. Some of the States,
in violation of the Constitution, have entered into
alliances with each other to destroy The Govern-
ment; have raised armies and navies; seized the
property of the Government, and commenced
this unholy purpose while still enjoying its pat-
ronage. After committing these monstrous and
treasonable outrages, the self-constituted govern-
ment into which these traitorous States had en-
tered, audaciously declares that all it wants is to
be let alone. Very likely. The perpetrator of
crime always desires that. The wishes of these
bad men cannot be gratified. The Government
of the United States is obliged to see that the
laws be faithfully executed, and cannot consent
that rebels against its authority anywhere shall
be let alone. They are to be punished; and to
do this armed men are required.
The men who arm and go forth to fight for their
country must be maintained and paid for their
time, and to do this Congress must provide the
Executive with the means. Hence the necessity
of this bill. I shall vote for it with pleasure, be-
cause it provides the necessary means and is the
least burdensome to the people, because it is in
the nature of a loan without interest. Talk about
cost when the existence of such a Government as
this is at stake. The trustee of the rights of man
throughout the world, we will, as we ought, incur
the curses of mankind if we stop short, for fear
of expense, in our efforts to maintain its suprem-
acy. What signify a thousand millions or five
thousand millions compared with the existence of
a nation that has produced such startling results
in the history of the world in the short space of
three quarters of a century? Why, sir, it has
conquered a wilderness overspreading a continent,
and peopled it. It has produced the raw material
with which the people of the earth have clothed
themselves. In a very short time it will produce
food sufficient to sustain the wants of all mankind.
Its manufactures ar£ carried in its own ships to
every port on the earth. It has tamed the light-
ning and made it the means oftransmitting thought.
It has made the terrific power of heated vapor sub-
missive to its will and compelled it to perform
labor equal to the efforts of millions of men. Its
educational institutions excel in number and use-
fulness those of all other nations, and its gallant
soldiers and sailors have never met a foe able to
conquer them.
These are a few of the great results produced by
a great people under the benign influence of this
greatest and best form of government, in a period
much short of a century. Will a people who have
accomplished these great purposes in so short a
time be alarmed at a debt of #1,000,000,000 in-
curred in the preservation of their Government?
I think not, when they ascertain the share each
one will be liable to pay. In eight years more we
shall have a population of forty millions and over.
Divide $1,000,000,000 by this number and we have
the trifling sum of twenty-five dollars, for which
each one of the people will be liable, the interest
on which, per year, is $1 50. Double this amount
of indebtedness, and you have the sum of fifty
dollars as the liability of each one, subject to an
annual interest of three dollars—not very alarm-
ing figures to a great and free people. The ordi-
nary revenue has most generally been sufficient to
defray the ordinary expenditures of the Govern-
ment heretofore, and we may confidently expect
that to be the case hereafter, at least as soon as we
have peace, and trade and business have resumed
their usual channels.
The people have a right, and certainly will ex-
ercise it, to hold the agents of the Government to
a faithful performance of duty. The man who
will, in this great emergency, impose upon his
Government by a fraudulent compliance with the
terms of his contract, or the public officer who
abuses his trust, is more hateful than a rebel, and
ought to be more severely dealt with. The drum-
head court-martial is the only remedy for that class
of men. A little exercise of that kind of remedy
would have a most salutary effect at this time.
Plunderers are to be found amongall people. They
are bold and insinuating, and when money is to
be expended are the first to offer their services, but
the last when fighting is to be done. Cowardice
and theft are twin brothers, and always in com-
pany; always at work in dark and dirty places,
ready to cheat an individual or a nation.
The great and only purpose of the Govern-
ment, in my judgment, should be to maintain and
defend the Constitution as it is, and to restore the
Union as it was prior to the rebellion. The fram-
ers of that sacred instrument, the Constitution,
certainly clothed this Government with powers
of sovereignty ample and sufficient to defend it
against all foes, either internal or external. The
resort to powers of doubtful character, or not war-
ranted by the Constitution, is dangerous, and will
be injuriously felt hereafter when resorted to as a
precedent. The war power, so much talked about
in this Hall, is but the power of the despot at best,
and should be resorted to only as limited and qual-
ified by the provisions of the Constitution.
The folly of confiscation of property by any
other than a judicial process, and for a longer pe-
riod than the life of the offender, will probably be
fully demonstrated when you offer it for sale. Pur-
chasers will look at the Constitution, and exercise
their own judgment as to the character of the title
you propose to vest. But little will be realized
from this project, or I have not studied well the'
cautious character of our people. Why stretch
the powers of the Constitution to effect emancipa-
tion when the work you propose to do is being
better done by the rebels themselves? Have a
little patience,gentlemen,and theobject you have
in view will be accomplished without violating the
provisions of that instrument. The rebels them-
selves have numbered the days of slavery. Their
offet to abolish it in thirty years will destroy all
respect for the institution among its best friends.
The moral restraint that has heretofore kept the
slave in submission has been in a measure re-
moved. Rebellion has schooled him to notions of
freedom. The master whose interest it was to
train him to ideas of submission has, by his ex-
ample, inspired him with vague ideas of liberty;
and when he returns to his plantation, instead of
respect and submission to nis authority, he will
find a spirit of insubordination not to be controlled
by the old power of moral influence. The master
will become tired of an institution not only costly
but dangerous, and he will resort to free labor for
safety. Let these questions of doubtful utility
alone, and cling to the one straightforward and
determined idea of crushing this accursed rebel-
lion by the recognized powers of the Constitution.
A resort to powers beyond the provisions of that
instrument is an admission of the weakness of the
Government.
I conscientiously believe it to be the duty of
every Democrat to support the President in the
exercise of every constitutional power to suppress
this unjustifiable rebellion, and with as much cor-
diality and disinterestedness as we rendered to
Andrew Jackson in his efforts to destroy nullifi-
cation. We would not be consistent if we pur-
sued any other course. The Democratic party
has ever claimed strict fidelity to the Constitution
as one of the great landmarks in its organization.
Armed rebellion is not in accordance with the pro-
visions of that instrument, but subversive of them.
The only safety is in strict obedience to it and the
laws; any other course leads to anarchy. Lot us
cling to it as the great hope of mankind, and in-
terpose the potency of our strong arms against
every unlawful effort to impair its sacred provis-
ions. A portion of our people have arrayed them-
selves in arms against the authority of the Gov-
ernment, and for the purpose of destroying the
