796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
te.'thejft a. value which they would attain in that
ryiode, and winch they can attain in no other.
- 1 come now to the mere question of necessity,
which is the-ground urged. On that point, I list-
ened attentively to the honorable Senator from
Ohio. He may tell me the opinions of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the opinions of the finan-
ciers of New York, or any otuer opinions that he
pleases; but 1 say to him, and I say to the coun-
try, that the history of the world has demon-
strated that the attempt to give a fictitious value
by legislation,even by penal legislation, to a paper
currency, irredeemable in itself, has always proved
a failure; the instance to the contrary cannot be
indicated. At this very moment I do not think lam
misinformed when I say that the paper money of
the despotism of Austria stands at eight dollars
for one, the paper money of the Autocrat of Rus-
sia stands at four dollars for one of the real value
of money. Do you expect that the people of this
Republic of the United States are going to be com-
pelled by legislative power to give a factitious
value to that which has no value beyond the credit
of the Government, further than can be reached
by the despotic power of the Emperor of Austria,
or the despotic power of the Autocrat of Russia ?
Sir, your own cxpcrience in the history of this
country is demonstration to the contrary. During
the Revolution, Congress did pass what was not a
penal law, but a penal resolution, in which they
recommended that any one who refused to take
the Continental money at par should be consid-
ered an enemy of the country4, and yet all that did
not avail*, the depreciation went on, and though
1 think there was quite as much patriotism in the
country then as there is now, quite as much pub-
lic and private virtue then as now, men, before
that war ceased, often had to pay §1,000 in paper
.money for a patr of boots. The scale of depre-
ciation it is not necessary to advert to. Ultimately
the money became worthless, not worth even the
fire that was applied for the purpose of consum-
ing it.
With all this experience before you, then, (apart
from the fact that you are violating the Constitu-
tion,) merely as a*question of policy, are you
willing to resort to a mere expedient for the diffi-
culties of the hour and so depreciate the credit of
the Government? Credit must depend on the be-
lief of the community at large. No one can deny
the fact that in the contracts between man and
man and in your own contracts to pay money,
the obligation is to pay intrinsic value. If you
violate that by this bill, which you certainly do,
how can you expect that the faith of the commu-
nity will be given to the law which you now pass,
in which you say that you will pay hereafter the
interest on your debt in coin? Why should they
give credit to that declaration? If you can violate
the Constitution of the (Jnitcd States, in the faee
of your oaths, in the faee of its palpable provis-
ion, what security has the lendei that although
you now tell him that you will pay Ins interest
tn coin, hereafter, if JStaie necessity presses, you
will not repeal your law? You have the power
to do the one; you have no power to do the other,
and yet you do it.
'On the mere question of policy, then, I am op-
posed to it. Sir, there is butoneground on which
a nation can sustain its credit. Artificial legisla-
tion will notdo it; penalties will not do it. There
is no penalty in tins bill; but penalties will not
do it. It has been ttied over and over again by
Governments of far more despotic form—I say
more despotic m form, I will not soy more des-
potic m fact—and yet it has always failed. There
is but one resource for the credit of a nation, if
she has the wealth and she has the willingness to
tax, she may sustain her credit when it has become
impaired-, but if her taxes arc already onerous,
and she is unable to tax further, or her people are
unable to bear it, she is bankrupt. That is not
oiji condition. No one doubts the wealth and the
recouiees of the United States. All you have to
do is to tax—tax to an extent sufficient to show
those who have money that you wiil redeem your
piomises to pay, no matter in what form those
promises to pay are issued; and though m the first
instance with impaired credit, you may be obliged
to make a saoi ilice by lorro wing money under par
at six per cent , the moment it is seen that the peo-
ple of tins count! y will pay a sufficient amount of
raxes to sustain the promise of the Government
to pay, rely upon it, youi credit will be lestored,
and it will be restored in no other way. You may
resort to expedients; they only depreciate credit,
they shake faith, they shake confidence. The
idea at once arises in the mind of the community
that the representatives of the United States in
Congress are afraid to tax their constituents, be-
cause they suppose their constituents will not
pay; and therefore, of course, credit is necessa-
rily shaken. Whether as regards individuals or
nations, it comes to that in the long run. The
credit of a nation depends upon the fact of the
resources of a country being sufficient to bear an
amount of taxation which will insure the pay-
ment of the interest on the sums it borrows, and
the ultimate redemption of the principal, or at all
events the permanent payment of the interest, and
the willingness of the people to bear the amount
of taxation which is requisite for that purpose.
Once give to the capitalist, I care not whether he
lesides in this country or abroad, thatconviction,
and you will have as much money as you want;
but you will never have it without. You may pass
your legal tender bills; you may, as in this case,
attempt to exact from the comm unity a forced loan,
for it is no more, but it will give you no credit. It
is not a forced loan from individuals, but it is a
forced loan from the community. The object of
this clause is simply to compel the community to
lend to the Government $150,000,000 without in-
terest. That is the effect it will have, if it have
any effect at all. It is tiue,it does not use the shape
of a forced loan, but it is that in fact—it is nothing
else. The moment you make a promise to pay
money, a promise which has no intrinsic value
beyond the credit of the Government, that moment
you are forcing a loan, not from A, B, C, or D,
but you are forcing it from the community. I
admit that this forced loan will fall, in its results,
not upon those who have the wealth and power
to resist, but it will fall upon the laboring classes
of this country. The depreciation of money will
crcate the appreciation in the relative value to that
money of every species of commodity which the
poor man has to buy for his subsistence and sup-
port; and yet, in all history, the wages of labor
have never risen in proportion to the depreciation
of currency. That is the effect it will have, and
there is where it will press.
Under this doctrine of state necessity, you have
only to go one step further, and then you come to
anarchy; and that is on the plea of expediency
and necessity to say " the Government must have
money; A, C, C, and D, are men of wealth, bank-
eis,with money in their vaults,and we will com-
pel them, undei penalty of imprisonment or in any
other mode we may adopt, to loan their money to
the Government against their conscnt." When
you do that, you will stand precisely in the situ-
ation that no civilized nation has stood in for the
hist one hundred and fifty years, except Mexico,
which, in the anarchy that has arisen from the
suceebs of succeeding factions, has been constantly
in tiie habit of exacting loans from individual cap-
italists. That time will come if you pursue this
course. You first force a loan from the people at
large, which falls upon the laboring class; but
when you come to force a loan from the individ-
ual capitalist, what is the result? To use an ex-
pression, which is certainly not very good Eng-
lish, beyond all question not classical, but still
very expressive, capital is scary; and whenever
you indicate by your legislation that you mean to
luly upon compulsory loans to the United States,
you will weaken the strength of the country to
the extent of your legislation; capital will desert
it, and if tho« > who hold it thiwk their persons are
unsafe, they will desert it too.
In my judgment, therefore, apart from the con-
stitutional objection which alone would be suffi-
cient to control my vote upon the ground that you
have no power to insert this clause in any law, I
cannot vote for a bill which embodies it. It is
impolitic and inexpedient as well as unconstitu-
tional. It is a mere temporal y expedient. It may
give present inflation and present relief for the
hour, and a very brief hour indeed, but it will be
followed by a weakening of the resources of the
Government, a depreciation of its credit, and it
will produce nothing but disaster and ruin to the
country.
. WILLEY. I do not rise, Mr. President,
certainly not at the piesent time, for the purpose
of making a speech, but I wish to place upon rec-
ord the reason why I shall give the vote which I
feel compelled to give on the present occasion. If
this were a question merely of expediency, 1 would
most readily defer my judgment to that of other
gentlemen better capable of forming a correct es-
timate, and I would most certainly yield my judg-
ment to the wishes of the Administration and of
the Secretary of the Treasury. In the present
emergencies of the country, I desire to support the
Administration; and in the prosecution of this war
and its policy in rcfercnce to it, I think the Admin-
istration is worthy of the confidence and worthy
of the support, of all patriots and of all true and
loyal men. It has my confidences in any meas-
ure not violating in my estimation a principle either
of honor or good conscience, I would willingly
yield my preferences to it. But, sir, consulting my
own opinion, I should say that the legal tender
clause of this bill will have the contrary effect upon
the currency and ci edit of the Tieasury notes from
that which some gentlemen seem to suppose. 1 be-
lieve it will depreciate their credit, and I fear it will
depreciate the character ofour Governmentand our
country m the estimation of all honest and well-
meaning nations abroad. But, sir, believing, as I
sincerely do, that this clause is unconstitutional,
I cannot vote to retain it in the bill. I have felt
the appeal of my honorable friend from Ohio—the
plea of necessity. Sir, that is a dangerous plea,
and it found its origin in a dangerous quarter. It
is said that the plea of necessity is the plea of ty-
rants. I nevertheless recognize the fact that there
are occasions in the history of a nation when the
old maxim, salus populi suprema lex, may apply;
but it is my opinion that the exigencies of the coun-
try do not at this time warrant the application of
that maxim; and I should be sorry if in prosecu-
ting this holy war to put down an infamous rebel-
lion, to restore and maintain the Constitution, we
are ourselves, in the very act of doing so, guilty of
a most palpable violation of that instrument.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not rise, Mr. President,
at this late period of the discussion to detain the
Senate longer than a minute or two. When this
measure was first proposed, and after I had given
it merely a perusal, I came, or thought I came, to
the same conclusion at which the gentleman from
Virginia seems to have arrived, and I was rather
disposed to think that there was no authority in
the Constitution to warrant such an enactmentas
this which constitutes the Treasury notes a legal
tender in the payment of private debts. The thing
was so anomalous, so unusual to mc, that I could
scarcely entertain the idea, and I confess that my
mind struggled strongly against it. But after a
little reflection, and giving the question of consti-
tutional power such examination as I have been
able to give it, I have arrived at the conclusion
that Congress have the constitutional power, par-
ticularly under the clause authorizing them to
borrow money, to declare this spccies of paper a
legal tender in the payment of debts between indi-
vid mils.
It is undoubtedly a hard necessity to which we
arc driven; but the necessity of the case I submit
has nothing to do with the naked question of au-
thority under the Constitution. If 1 were con-
vinced that we had no authority under the Consti-
tution to enact such a clause as this, 1 should not
feel at liberty to vote in favor of it, and should
certainly vote to strike it out; but such is not my
conviction. I believe that we have the authority;
and still, while I say this, I must say at the same
time that I think several gentlemen who are friends
of this bill have placed too high an estimate upon
this particular clause in the bill. I doubt very
much whether it will add greatly to the cuirency
and credit of the paper itself. They think it will,
and I am certainly disposed to give it a tiial.
We have under the Constitution the power to
borrow money. This no one disputes. It we have
the power to borrow money, we have the right;
and it is our duty to place in the hand of the lender
an evidence of the fact that we have so bonowed
it, and, Anther, that we intend to pay what, we
have borrowed. These two things are manifestly,
in theirvery nature, inseparable; and the only real
question, it seems to me, which addresses itself
to the Senate is this: whether we have any power
after having issued this description of paper to the
public creditors in payment of their debts, to pro-
tect the creditof the United States expressed upon
the face of the paper, while it is in the hands of
innocent and honest holders. I think we have. I
think this is one of the most obvious means of
