1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
{Something-, and there was a difference on yesterday
as to precisely what it was. Whatever it was, it
is negative, and presents nothing for our action.
The Judiciary Committee has been unable to agree
upon any bill upon this great subject. The Judi-
ciary Committee has omitted to make, or refrained
from making, any written report to the House, and
the whole matter comes before us in a way, to say
the least, not calculated to facilitate or aid us in
dealing with it. Some fifteen bills, many of them
very complex, were heaped together and covered
eil masse by a motion, to which it seems unani-
mous consent was given, to lay upon the table,
and we voted on the motion to lay upon the table
together all these bills, good, bad, and indifferent,
pointing in different directions and having differ-
ent ends, so that, of course, no member gave an
intelligent vote upon the subject. By that vote,
not a single member can have expressed his con-
victions or pronounced an intelligent opinion.
The state of the question continued almostequally
confused until the pending motion was brought
forward by my colleague.
A committee such asthe Chairwill appoint—for
no doubt the Chairwill seek gentlemen who have
time, inclination, and ability to investigate the
subject—can presently make a report which will
enable every one to give .practical expression to
his support or his opposition to legislation of this
sort. I suggest to the gentleman from Missouri,
therefoie, that a report will undoubtedly be here
so soon that there is little motive for him or for
my colleague on the Judiciary Committee to speak
now rather than then. I throw out the suggestion,
but I do not intend to be tenacious about it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I trust that
the gentleman from New York will not feel called
upon to move the previous question at this stage
of the debate. This is one of those questions, it
seems to me, the discussion of which will be of
positive advantage to the House and to the coun-
try. It is a new question. It is new to the country
and new to us. That we shall have to adopt some
punitive legislation, call it by what name you
will, seems to me a very clear proposition. Nei-
ther the country nor the individual sense of jus-
tice of every loyal man will be satisfied with any-
thing less.
The gentleman suggests, and he is very proba-
bly correct in that, that this subject will be referred
to a select committee to investigate and report
upon. I submit to him whether such commit-
tee will not conduct their deliberations with more
judgment, more intelligently, and more success-
fully after a debate shall have been had 111 which
gentlemen shall have expressed their individual
sentiments, of every shade of opinion, than they
will in anticipation of that discussion ? Is it not
better to have at least a partial discussion at this
time, and preparatory to the action of the commit-
tee, than after the committee shall have matured
a measure, and perhaps committed themselves and
their friends to it? I hope, therefore, that the pre-
vious question will not be called at this time, but
that the discussion will be allowed to go 011 tor a
while. ,7
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from New Yoik
allow me to put a question to him with reference
to the utility or inutility of a discussion 011 this
subiect ^
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from New York
whether this matter has not already been fixed out
in the Republican party caucus that was held last
nio-ht; and, if that be the case, 1 ask whether there
is any use m our discussing it at nil? The gen-
tleman indicates that it is a foregone conclusion
that the committee is to be raised, that the bpeaker
is to appoint it, and that lie will appoint it right.
Will the gentleman also please to tell us whether
the caucus gave hull directions to call the previous
question ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker,
ever since I first heard the gentleman from Oiiio
introduce the subject of Ohio politics into this
House, as he has so often done, and discuss it, I
have looked upon lum as Erskme looked upon
Washington, " with an awful 1 everence;'' sopro-
found have I deemed him as a student of caucuses,
conventions, and party maneuvers. I dread him
too much in that field of science to allow him to
seduce an unsophisticated man like myself into
the discussion he proposes. ITe ought to be moie
"eueious than to itnite it; lie knows I should
stand no chance with him in such a game of tag.
But if the gentleman is curious to know 
Mr. COX. I am very curious.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. Then I will grat-
ify him just a little, so far as to.say that there has
been 110 such action in any caucus that I know of,
no such action in any caucus that I have heard of,
as the gentleman suggests. He will now excuse
me if rdecline to go into any discussion with him
at this time about party politics.
Mr. COX. I call the attention of the gentleman
to the Globe, which says that there was such a
party caucus last night.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
must excuse me.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask my colleague to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Presently, not
at this moment. Mr. Speaker, my purpose in
seeking the floor to move the previous question
was a practical and serious one. As I said, I am
in favor of the motion to commit, as an expedi-
tious proceeding. I am in favor of a confiscation
bill. I was in favor of one in July last; and as it
cannot be an ex post facto bill, I think it important
that the time should begin to run, which may con-
stitutionally be covered. For this reason, and for
other reasons, 1 would,if I might, hasten the time
when we shall have before us some basis of action.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
proposes that the discussion shall continue, shall
go on ad libitum.. Of course he knows that a com-
mittee, if we are to have one, cannot be appointed
until a vote is reached on the pending question,
and that all the intermediate time is virtually
thrown away. lie knows also that when the
motion to refer was made yesterday, after two
speeches had been made 011 a bill which had been
already laid on the table, the floor was resigned
by my colleague, [Mr. Olin,] the mover of the
proposition, to the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] on the express
condition that he should, at the end of his remarks,
1 enow the demand for the previous question. That
motion was not renewed. But the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] obtained the floor, and has
carried on, this morning, the general debate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
allow me a single moment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Am 1 the gentleman
from Kentucky alluded to as having promised to
renew the demand for the previous question?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I did not say
that ray distinguished friend promised to move the
previous question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not understand |
that I was to renew the demand for the previous j
question. I
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I was very for ;
from intimating that theie was any disregard of a
promise on the part of the gentleman from Ken- |
tucky. I simply stated that my colleague said he j
would yield to the distinguished gentleman; but
he desired that, at the end of his remaiks, the pre-
vious question should be moved, and the floor was
transferred 011 that understanding. Doubtless the
gentleman from Kentucky was not aware of it.
The present debate, though it has continued for
hours, reflects no light at all upon the question,
the motion to recommit; but, 011 the contrary,
without shedding the least light on it, it postpones
hour after hour action 011 a question which every-
body professes a desire to see reached in some
tangible form.
1 think—and in that respect I must differ en-
tirely from my friend fiom Tennessee—that alar
! more business-like and practical way ot treating
this subject is to allow this committee to be ap-
| pointed, if it be the sense of the House to appoint
1 it, to allow it to commence its labors; and in the
| mean time, general debate can go on, there will be
| a plenty of opportunities for that, and special and
1 general debate will be in oi der when the committee
j comes in with us report. My colleague, [Mr.
I Divent,] who is a member of the committee, in-
' tends to be absent, and tor that reason desires to
i be heard now. Unless fur some such special lea-
1 son, there would seem to be no advantage for any
j one to i;am by postponing the vote. A majority
[ of the iiouse 3S desnous of an early opportunity
to come to a conclusion, and to express it. roi
! myself, I am prepared now to support aconfisca-
1 lion bill, not an indiscriminate bill, such as has
been objected to by gentlemen on either side of
the House, not of a bill for which I would have
to vote, if at all, in violation of the Constitution
of the United States; but a bill which will, in the
first place, amplify the punishment of treason, as
far as that is desirable, and facilitate the punish-
ment of traitors, and which, in the second place,
will devote, as far as the Constitution will allow,
the property of the ringleaders of this unholy re-
bellion to defraying the expense of quelling it.
How far these tvvoendscan be practically reached,
and how far the effect to be produced will consist
of moral effect merely, I will not venture to affirm.
I will content myself with saying I am in favorof
a bill which will attain both these ends to the utter-
most of constitutional power exercised with pru-
dence.
I agree entirely with a remark made here the
other day, that the certainty rather than the se-
verity of punishment is the mark to aim at in crim-
inal jurisprudence. Hence, I am not in favor
of an extravagant or passionate measure which,
though it might afford an outlet to the exasperated
feelings of most of us, would not comport at all
with practical usefulness and wisdom. I believe
that if we would have an opportunity to vote upon
and adopt a wise and well-considered measure, we
should at once raise a committee to take the whole
subject in charge and report at an early day a sin-
gle bill. If it is defective it can he perfected; if
radically erroneous in the estimation of the House,
some other bill can be substituted for it. A day
certain can be assigned for the consideration of
the subject, and it can hold its place until finally
disposed of.
Mr. ROLLINS, ofMissouri. Will the gentle-
man yield the floor to me?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I cannot. I
promised my colleague [Mr. Diven] to yield the
floor to him when I yield it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York whether he will not accom-
plish his purpose as well by fixing some hour at
which the debate shall terminate? If he would-
designate the hour I would be very glad; or I will
designate it if he will permit me.
Mr.ROSCOE CONKLING. Atwhattimedoes
the gentleman propose to terminate the debate?
Mr. MAYNARD. To-morrow being Friday,
I will suggest one o'clock 011 Monday.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will suggest one o'clock
on Friday, then. 1 hope the gentleman from New
York will assent to the proposition to close de-
bate 011 Friday.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is there any ob-
jection to taking the vote this afternoon at four
o'clock,or at the usual hour of adjournment?
Mr. VALLANDIGIiAM. With the under-
standing that the vote be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Yes, sir; I take
it for granted that the vote will be taken by yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks whether
there is objection to the proposition of the gentle-
man from 'New York, that the vote be taken by
yeas and nays at four o'clock this afternoon?
Mr. CRISFIELD. I object.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the gen-
tleman from Maryland prefer any other hour?
Mr. CRISFIELD. If the gentleman chooses
to call the previous question, and stop debate, be
it so. But I object to the debate proceeding, un-
j less we have full license to those who choose to
11 enter into debate.
!| Several Members. Let us have the vote now,
il then. m
1 Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The customary
effect of these efforts to agree for the accommoda-
tion of all upon a time to close debate has been
produced. Gentlemen all around me say let us
have the previous question now. It usually hap-
pens that the general convenience incommodes
some one, and he objects without always having,
I suspect, a very good reason for it,
Mr. CRISFIELD. My reasons, if the gentle-
man from New York will allow me, were ad-
dressed to the House. I did not address them to
j him particularly, and I do not know why the gen-
i tleman from New York should undertake to pro-
! iiouncc upon the strength of my reasons. 1 be-
lieve I am entitled to the privileges of a member
i of this House, and I shall exercise them, the gen-
tleman to the e.ontrary notwithstanding.
