1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
37th Cong....2d Skss.
Losses by the Rebellion—Mr. Webster.
Ho. of fleps.
Constitution. It isourduty to assist in rescuing
it from the assaults of these bad men; and if in
doing; so, it has become necessary to baptize our
fair fields in the blood of the true and the false
alike, so be it. The crime and the fault shall not
be ours. The responsibility be with those who
imposed this dreadful necessity upon the Govern-
ment. Actuated by this sentiment, near four hun-
dred thousand Democrats have armed and marchcd
forth to defend their country, and we will be rec-
reant to our principles if we do not assist in pro-
viding the necessary means for their support and
comfort. My course is fixed. Come what may,
I will stand by" my country and its brave defend-
ers in this dread hour of peril.
LOSSES BY THE BEBELLION.
SPEECH OP HON. E. II. WEBSTER,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
June 19, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bill relating
to claims for the loss and desti uetion of property belonging
to loyal citizens, and damages thereto by the troops of the
United States, during the piesent rebellion-
Mr. WEBSTER said:
Mr. Speaker: It has been some weeks since
this bill was reported to the House from the Com-
mittee of Claims, but'owing to circumstances
over which the friends of the bill had no control,
although a special order, it has been necessary to
postpone it upon several different occasions. It
is now, however, before the House for considera-
tion, and I trust that we shall continue that con-
sideration until the bill is passed. It is a very im-
portant bill to a great many people, and especially
to those who live in the border States, or more
properly the central States on both sides of Mason
and Dixon's line. It is a bill, as its title states,
providing for compensation for the loss and de-
struction of property belonging to loyal citizens,
and damages done thereto by the troops of the
United States, during the present rebellion.
The Legislature of my State, at its last session,
passed a resolution instructing its Senators and
requesting its Representatives to use their utmost
efforts to procure the passage of some such bill
as this. The Sta'te convention of Missouri a few
days since passed a similar resolution, and I think
the Legislature of Kentucky did the same thing.
I know a deep interest is felt by the people of
that State in the passage of some such measure.
The use and destruction of property by the Army
in these States, as well as in others not mentioned,
has been immense. Why, sir, on the eastern bank
of the Potomac river, from one end to the other,
is found one vast scene of waste and destruction.
So, too, beyond the Potomac, in Virginia. Such,
too, is the fact upon both sides of the Ohio river,
and especially in the State of Kentucky; and such
is especially the case in the State of Missouri.
Destruction of property necessarily followed the
military occupation of these portions of the coun-
try, as it also necessarily followed the movement of
troops through them. I say necessarily followed,
* without any blame being properly attached to the
troops or the officers in command of the troops.
The Army must have provisions and forage,and
frequently the commissary and quartermaster can-
not furnish them. Grain and grass are trampled
down by the movements of armies; buildings are
necessarily occupied by officers and troops and
are injured, and forests are necessarily cut down
and fences destroyed for fuel for the troops.
While the loyal people who have suffered these
losses do not complain, yet they look to the Gov-
ernment to give them that redress which is their
right. The Government has always furnished the
redress which this bill looks to. In 1816, after
the war with Great Britain, a bill more compre-
hensive in its features than this was passed. I
believe, also, a similar bill was passed after the
Mexican war. Why, sir, the Constitution itself,
in that provision which declares that "private
property shall not be taken for public use without
just compensation,".enunciates the very principle
which lies at the foundation of this bill. I take it
for granted that no gentleman will hold that the
Government is not bound to pay in the cases men-
tioned in this hill. The question in my mind is
not, shall the Government pay in such cases, but
does this bill providfe the best machinery by which
compensation can be secured to loyal sufferers.
The provisions of this bill are few and simple.
It provides for a commission, to be composed of
three commissioners, whose duty it shall be to in-
vestigate claims of the nature and character men-
tioned in the third section of the bill, who shall
have power to hold their meetings at such places
as they may deem most convenient for the claim-
ants, and shall report their conclusions and awards"
to the Secretary of War, to be by him reported to
Congress. There are two other tribunals to which
claims of this character might be presented under
existing laws for adjudication. These are the Com-
mittees of Claims of the two Houses of Congress
and theCouitofCIaims. Since the meetingofCon-
gress this session a great number of claims of this
character have been presented to that commitlee of
this House* And it was the knowledge which the
committee had that there were hundreds and thou-
sands of other claims whiclf must be presented, if no
otliermeans were prepared for their adjudication,
which induced them to bring in this bill. It is a bill
which in its main features meets with the entire ap-
probation of every member of that committee. I
say it was because the committee k-new of Lhe great
number of claims which must come before it, and
the longtime which mustelapse before the commit-
tee could adjudicate them, and the further time
which must elapse before Congress could act upon
them, and because they were aware of the fact thata
greatnumber of these claimants live far away from
the capital, and cannot give their claims their per-
sonal attention, but must employ claim agents to
look after them, whose fees would eat up the major
part of the claims, and whose interest in the claims
will induce them, by means of ex parte evidence,
gotten up as they see fit, without any one to rep-
resent the Government in the preparation of the
case, to make them larger againstthe Government
than the honest claimants themselves would make
them—I say it was because they were aware of
these facts that they were induced to bring in this
bill, believing it would not only save the Govern-
ment itself from unjustand exoibitant claims, but
also provide a more convenient, a speedier, and a
justcr means of adjudication for the claimant.
These claims might also go to lhe Court of
Claims, but that court is already burdened with
an immense amount of business. It is already oc-
cupied to the extent of its ability upon other claims
of a different character. I have no doubt that a
majority of these claims will come from beyond
the Allegharues, and the same objection lies to hav-
ing them all submitted to the Court of Claims, in
regard to the difficulty of the claima ts presenting
themselves before said court, as lies in reference
to the Committees of Claims of the House and
Senate.
It was in view of these facts, and because the
committee felt it to be its duty to provide some
fair, just, and speedy means by which the claims
of loyal and honest claimants may be adjusted,
that this bill was brought in. I say loyal, because
this bill expressly excludes from its benefits all
but loyal citizens, men true to the Government,
men who have not failed to discharge their duty
to their country, men who have suffered in their
property by means of the action of their own Gov-
ernment, that Government which they intend here-
after as heretofore to support and preserve. And
I hold that it is just that this provision should be
in the bill. I hold that it is just that men who en-
deavor to break up the Government, to destroy
the country, to destroy the rights, privileges, and
property of the loyal men of the country, should
not be entitled to come before any of its tribunals
and ask that their losses, occasioned by the war
which they have originated, should be made good
to them.
But, sir, the men who have stood true to the
country, the men who have given up their means
and their property to suppoit the Army in the
field, the men, loyal if they are, whose property
has been taken by authority of the Government
of the United States, without their consent, ought
and should, by all the principles of justice, by all
the precedents which thisGovernment in its legis-
lation has set, and by the very fundamental doc-
trine upon this subject laid down in the Constitu-
tion itself, have speedy redress at the hands of us,
their Representatives.
But, Mr. Speaker, I sought the floor not for the
purpose of discussing the main features of this
bill. It seems to me so proper that some measure
of the kind should pass that I think a discussion
ofthcleadingfeaturcsentirely unnecessary. When
this bill was introduced, upon the 14th of April
last, I submitted an amendment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman what classes of property
he means to cover by this bill? Suppose a man
owns property in a city which has been shelled,
or property which, by a shot thrown in battle,
has been destroyed; does the gentleman mean
that the Government of the United States shall in-
demnify for that loss?
Mr. WEBSTER. Shot thrown by whom ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Thrown
by our own troops.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, sir, the property for
which this bill is designed to afford indemnity, is
specified in the third section of the bill. If my
friend from Massachusetts will read it, he-will see
what these classes of property are.
Mr. THOMAS, ofMassachusetts. I have read
it without being able to find out, and that is the
reason I asked the question.
Mr. WEBSTER. I beg leave to say to my
friend from Massachusetts, that I do not believe
the bill does cover that classof claims. The lead-
ing feature of the bill is, that it is intended to pay
for such property as shall be taken by the author-
ity of the United States, or by the authority of
some officer of the United States, for the use of the
soldiers of the United States. If the gentleman
will read the third section, he will see that it is re-
stricted to property taken,occupied,or destroyed
for the use of the troops of the United States, by
the order of the command ant of the corps for whose
use the same is occupied, taken, or destroyed.
The gentleman will see that the class of cases to
which he refers is not included in this bill.
Mr. NOELL. I wish to make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Maryland. 1 suggest to him
that the provisions of the bill only require these
commissioners to investigate and repot t, their pro-
ceedings. Everything that they do under this
bill has to undergo the supervision of Congress
afterwards.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have already stated that
very fact. The buildings mentioned in the thiid
section of the bill, and which are to be paid for by
the Government of the Uniied States if destroyed
or injured, are buildings taken for the use and oc-
cupation of the troops of the United States. This
bill does not even go so far as the bill of 1816 went
in regard to the destruction of houses and prop-
erty, because that bill provided that buildings
which were destroyed by the enemy in conse-
quence of having been occupied or used by the
troops of the United States should be paid for by
the United States; and the legislation of Congress
from thatday to this has recognized claims of that
character. Congress has never lefused to pay
them, and the files of this Houseand of the Com-
mittee of Claims are full of such cases. I repeat,
then, that this bill is not as comprehensive and does
not cover as many classes of claims as did the bill
of 1816, passed after the last war.
Again, as the gentleman from Missouri sug-
gests, this commission is not a commission of final
award. All that they can do is to examine cases,
and when they have examined and determined
upon them their determinations, with all the proofs
and with their opinions and conclusions, are to
be reported to the Secretary of War and he is to
report the same to Congress, and the final adjudi-
cation is here.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man from Maryland allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. WEBSTER. With a great deal of pleas-
ure, sir.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I propose to the
gentleman this inquiry: whether, under the exist-
ing law, if propeity is taken by the authority to
which he has referred several times, a certificate is
not given to the person from whom it is taken, and
"whether upon that certificate there is not machin-
ery already established by which he can receive
