1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
extending protection to the public credit thus ex-
pressed upon the paper. If we have it not; if wo
cannot subject, so to speak, the entire property of
the nation 'to something like an assistance to the
public credit, then this power to borrow money at
once ceases to bo a power of any value, and it is
a mere mockcry upon the face of the Constitu-
tion. If we cannot declare that this paper shall
in commercial transactions be of equal validity to
transactions based upon gold and silver, then I
say that the. power to borrow money ceases ill and
of itself to be of any benefit to the Government or
to the nation; and it is because I believe that we
have this power thus to protect the public credit,
expressed and pledged oil the face of a Treasury
note, that I shall vote to retain this clause in the
bill. I think we have the constitutional power,
and I am willing to use it on this occasion.
Mr.AlcDOUGALL here addressed the Senate.
[His remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SUMNEIl. Mr. President, I am sorry to
ask the attention of the Senate at this late hour;
but the importance of the question under debate
must be my apology.
In what I say now I shall confine myself exclu-
sively to a single feature of the present bill. Others
may regret that the exigencies of the country were
not promptly met by taxation; or that at the be-
ginning a different system was not organized by
the Treasury, through which the national securi-
ties might have found a readier market; or that
the national credit was not sustained at the period
of the bank suspension by the resolute redemp-
tion of the Government securities in coin at any
present sacrifice. But it is now useless to discuss
these questions. The time for such discussion
has passed. The tax bill is not yet matured.
The system adopted by the Treasury cannot be
changed at once, if it were desirable. It is too late
to organize the redemption of the national securi-
ties in coin on the daily application of holders.
Meanwhile the exigencies of Government have
become more imperative. Money must be had.
And we are told that the credit of Government
can be saved only by an act that seems like a for-
feiture of credit. Paper promises to pay are to be
made a legal tender like gold and silver, and this
provision is to be ingratted 011 the present bill
authorizing' the issue of Treasury notes to the
amount of $150,000,000. _
All confess that they vote for this proposition
with reluctance, while to others it is positively un-
constitutional. Of course, if unconstitutional, there
is an end of it; and all discussion of its character is
superfluous. And yet candor compels me to de-
clare that the doubts which perplex me on this
occasion do not proceed from the Constitution. If
the question of constitutionality weie iiiallrespects
novel, or, as lawyers phrase it, of fitst impression,
then I might join withmy friends in their doubts.
But it seems to me that the constitutional power of
Congress to make Treasury notes a legal tender
was settled as long ago as when it was settled that
Congress might authorize the issue of Treasuiy
notes; for from time immemorial the two have gone
together, one as the incident to the other, and, un-
less expressly severed, they naturally go together.
It is true that in the Constitution there are 110
words expressly giving to Congress the power to
make Treasury notes a legal tender; but there are
no words expressly giving to Congress the power
to issue Treasury notes. If we consult the text
of the Constitution, we shall find it as silent with
regard to one as with regard to the other. But,
on the other hand, the States are expressly pro-
hibited to " emit bills of credit, or make anything
but gold and silver coin a tender in payment ot
debts." Treasury notes arc" bills of credit;" and
this prohibition is imperative 011 the States. But
the inference is just that this piohibition, ex-
pressly addressed to the States, was notintended
to embracc Congress indirectly, as it obviously
docs not embrace it directly. The presence of the
prohibition, however, shows that the subject was
in the minds of the iramers ot the Constitution,
they failed to extend it still further, it is reasonable
to conclude that they left the whole subject in all
its bearings to the sound discretion ot Congress,
under the ample powcis intrusted to it.
The stiess that is so constantly put upon the
prohibitions addressed to the States will justify
me iu introducing' the opinion Mr. Justice Story,
in his Commentaries:
11 It is manifest that all these prohibitory clauses as to
coming money, omitting bill-* of ciodit, and tendering any-
thing but gold and Mlver 111 payment of debts, arc founded
upon the&anie geneial considerations. The policy is to pro-
vide a fixed and uniform- rule t/iroit^hout the United States,
by which comnT'icinl and other denhng^ot the citizens, as
well as the moneyed ttansactions oJ the Government might
be regulated.5-—2 Story's Commentaries, sec. i372.
If this view be correct, then no inference adverse
to the powers of the national Government can be
drawn from these prohibitory clauses, for what-
ever may be the policy of the national Govern-
ment, it will be a fixed and umfoim rule through-
out the United States.
From the proceedings of the Federal convention
it appears that a proposition empowering Con-
gress "to emit bills of credit" was negatived,
after discussion, in which Mr. Madison said:
" Will it not be sufficient to prohibit the making
them a tender? This will remove the temptation
to emit them with unjust views." And in a note
to the debate this same great authority says that
he "became satisfied that the striking out the
words would not disable the Government from
the use of public notes, as fai as theycould be
safe and pioper, and would only cut off the pre-
tense for a paper currency, and particularly for
making bills a tender, either for public or private
debts." Thus it appears that the suggestion was
made to prohibit the making of bills a tender; but
this suggestion was not acted on, and no such pro-
hibition was ever moved. It is evident that the
convention was not prepared for a measure so
positive. Less still was it prepared for the pro-
hibition to emit bills. Such is the record. While
all words expressly authonzing bills were struck
out, nothing was mtioduced m restraint of the
powers of Congress on this subject. Indeed, Mr.
Madison declares his own personal belief that the
striking out of the power "to emit bills of credit"
would not disable the Government, from the issue
of public notes, so far as they could be safe and
proper, but would only cut off the pretext for a paper
currency. It would seem "from this language, in
so careful a writer, that he imagined the whole
subject was left substantially to the souud discre-
tion of Congress. Indeed, the inference from his
report and comment is identical with the inference
from the text of the Constitution itself. (See
Madison Papers, vol. 3, p. 1343.)
But in conceding that Congress might issue
" public notes as far as they could beproper,"in
other words," bills of credit," the whole question
was practically settled; and tile usage of the Gov-
ernmenthasbeen in harmony with tliis settlement.
Treasury notes were issued during the war of
1812, also during the war with Mexico, and con-
stantly since, so that the power to issue them
cannot be drawn into doubt. If there was any
doubt originally, an unquestioned practice, sanc-
tioned by successive Congresses, has completely
removed it. I do not stop to consider whether
the power is derived primarily from the power
" to borrow money," or the power " to regulate
commerce," or from the unenumorated poweis.
It is sufficient that the power exists.
But it is difficult to escape the conclusion that
if Congress is empowered to issue Treasury notes
it may affix to these notes such character as shall
seem just and proper, declaring the conditions of
their circulation and the dues for which they shall
bo received. Grant I he first power and tile lest
must follow. Careful you will be in the exercise
of this power, but if you choose to take the re-
sponsibility I do not see what check can be found
in the Constitution.
It appears that the phrase " bills of credit was
familiarly used for bank notes as early as 1683 in
England, and also as eaily as 1714 in New Eng-
land. But the first issue m America was in lbUU,
by the colony of Massachusetts, and the occasion
—identical with the present—was to pay soldiers
returnino- unexpectedly from an unsuccessful ex-
pedition against Canada. These notes were from
two shillings to ten pounds, and were receivable
for dues at the Tveasm y. Their form was as fol-
lows: "This indented bill of ten shillings, due
from the Massachusetts colony to the possessor,
shall be in value equal to money, and shall be ac-
cordingly accepted by the treasurer and receivers
suboidiuate to him in all public payments and for
any siock at any time in the tieasury. Here fol-
low the date and the signs ture of the rommitteeau-
thorized to issue these notes. (Massachusetts His-
torical Collections, second series, vol. 3, p. ~ou.)
Such was their depreciation that these notes could
not command money or commodities at money
pricc, although the historian Hutchinson, who
has recorded these interesting facts, docs not hes-
itate to say that they had better credit than King
James's leather money in Ireland only a short
time before. Being of small amount, they Were
soon absorbed in the payment of taxes. But this
example did not stand alone. The facility with
which paper money is created renders it difficult to
withstand the temptation unless a Government is
under the restraint of correct principles offinance,
which at that early day weie utteily unknown.
But an excuse for Massachusetts at that time may
be found in the general poverty, the lack of pre-
cious metals, and in the distance from the marts
of trade. In 1702, there was another issue of bills
of credit for ^15,000, which, by a subsequent act,
in 1712, were made a tender for private debts.
Under the continued cry of scarcity of money,
bills of credit were again issued in 1716, to the
amount of ^£150,000, to be lent to the inhabitants
for a limited peiiod, whose lands werf mortgaged
as security. These bills were not made a tender;
but they were receivable at the treasury in dis-
charge of taxes, and also of the mortgage debts.
Other bills were afterwards issued, so that paper
money was common. The historian, who has
exposed this condition of things, does not hesitate
to liken this currency to pretended values stamped
on leather or paper, and declared to be receivable
in payment of taxes and in discharge of private
debts. The natural consequence was a fatal de-
preciation, so that an ounce of silver, which ill
1702 was worth six shillings and eight pence, in
1749 was equivalent to fifty shillings of this paper
currency. But, at the present moment, I do not
seek to exhibit the character of this currency, but
simply the original association between bills of
credit and the idea of a tender.
But Massachusetts was not alone. The neigh-
boring colony of Rhode Island, as early as 1710,
followed her example; and in 1720 made her bills
a tender in payment of all debts, except certain
debts specified. Connecticut issued bills at differ-
ent periods, beginning with 1709; some of which
were made a tender, and some not. New York
began in the same year, substantially following
Massachusetts; and her bills were generally made
a tender. In 1722, Pennsylvania issued bills, se-
cured on mortgages, and made a tender. In 1739,
Delaware did likewise, making her bills a tender.
So also did Maryland, in 1733, to the amount of
.£90,000; but other bills were issued by Maryland
in 1769, which were not made a tender.
The example of Virginia is more conspicuous,
although not so early in time. The very term
" Treasury notes," now used as the equivalent of
" bills of credit," first appears in her colonial le-
gislation, when, in 1755, they weremadea tender
in payment of debts. There were successive emis-
sions in 1769, 1771, and 1773, which were not
made a tender; and then in 1778, and at other times
afterwards, which were made a tendei. Thatthese
" Treasury notes" were deemed "bills of credit"
is demonstrated by the legislation of the State,
especially by the act of 1780, (chapter nineteen,)
which, after reciting that the exigencies of war
require the employment of paper money, author-
izes new " Treasury notes," and proceeds to pun-
ish with death any person who shall forge " any
bill of credit or Treasury note to be issued by
virtue of this act."
I find that North Carolina sent forth bills ot
credit as early as 1748, which were made a tender,
and many subsequent emissions were authorized.
South Carolina began in 1703; but these bills,
which bore interestat twelve per cent., do not seem
to have been made a tender. Others issued by this
colony at different times afterwards wete made a
tender. In 1760, Georgia authorized bills of
credit on interest, and secured by mortgage of the
property of the receivers, which were made a
tender.
The extensive employment of paper money in
New England, it seems, aroused the attention of
the Imperial Pailiament, which, by the actof (24
George II, sec. 2, cap. 53) 1751, expressly for-
bad 0 the issue of " any paper bills, or bills ot
credit," except for certain specific purposes, oi
upon certain specified emergencies. Thcactcon-
I stantly speaks of these two as equivalent expres-
i siotis,thus seeeming to show that "bills of credit,
m"their true meaning, were what is familiar y
I called " paper money, with the incidents of such
