798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
money. But the act proceeds to limit these inci-
dents by declaring expressly that u no paper cur-
rency/or bills of credit," issued under the act shall
bealfcgal tender in paymentof any private debts or
contracts whatsoever, with a proviso that nothing
therein contained should make any bills then sub-
sisting a legal tender. That Parliament should
deem it necessary, by special enactment, to take
from bills of credit the character of a legal tender,
attests the customary association between these
two ideas.
During the revolutionary war, under the exi-
gencies of that time, with a country without re-
sources and a Treasury without money, bills of
credit, known as continental money, were issued
by,Congress. But while these were made receiv-
able in discharge of taxes and other public dues,
they were not made a legal tender by Congress,
although the States were recommended to make
them such.
Mr. COLLAMER. And did make them so.
Mr. SUMNER. At the adoption of the national
Constitution, the people, to their wide-spread
cost, had become familiar with bills of credit and
their incidents, while all who were conversant
with colonial history must have known the part
which bills of credit had played for nearly a ccn-
tury, not only as a help to currency, but as a legal
tender, constituting paper money. And yet, with
all this ample knowledge—present certainly to the
framers of the Constitution, if not to the people—
no express words on this subject were introduced
into the text of the Constitution, except with re-
gard to the States. The conclusion from this
silence, under all the circumstances, is strong, if
not irresistible.
But this silence of the Constitution with regard
to bills of crcdit has been practically supplied by
Congress, which hay not hesitated to assume the
existence of the power. If the Constitution failed
to speak, Congress has not failed; and the exer-
cise of this power cannot now be questioned with-
out unsettling oar whole financial system. But we
have seen that throughout our colonial history the
legal tender was a constant,"though not insepara-
ble, incident to the bill of credit; that, indeed, it
was so much apart of the hill of credit that the
Imperial Parliament positively interfered to sepa-
rate the two, and, while sanctioning the bill of
crcdit, forbade the tender. And now, if this his-
torical review is properly apprehended—if it is not
entirely out of place—it must conduct to the con-
clusion that, whatever may be the present ques-
tion of policy, the power to make Treasury notes
a legal tender has precisely the same origin in the
Constitution with the power to create Treasury
notes. It is true that you may exercise one power,
and decline to cxcicise the other; but if you as-
sume the power to isr-me bills of credit, I am at a
loss to understand how you can deny the power
to make them a legal tender. The two spring from
the same fountain. You may refuse to exercise
one or both; but you cannot insist upon one under
the Constitution and reject the other.
Assuming the constitutionality of this proposi-
tion, or rather declining to admit the satisfactory
force of the constitutional arguments against it, I
am brought to a question which has, for me, moie
of difficulty and doubt: I mean the policy of ex-
ercising tlus power at this moment. It is not too
much to say that this question concerns our na-
tional character as welt as our national welfare,
while intelligent and patriotic men differ earnestly
with regard to it. Decide it as we may, and we
cannot escopo anxiety on the subject. Take which
way we will, and we cannot escape the just sense
of responsibility. Seeking only the tiuth, and
jealous of that good name which is one of the best
possessions to a Government, 1 shall considei the
question frankly; nor shall 1 disguise any of the
difficulties which it presents, whether dei ived from
principle or from experience. This is not the time
for concealment, and I shall insist that, if thts
power is to be exercised, Us true character shall
be understood. 1 shall invoke, also, the examples
of history, to make us pause; but it will be my
duty, also, to show that there are other examples
calculatcd to sustain the Government in the policy
winch it now so urgently recommends.
If the Treasury notes of the United States were
now convertible into coin, there would be no oc-
casion to declare them a legal tender; for they
would be everywhere, at least in our own country,
as good as coin. But the suspension of our banks
was followed by the suspension of our Treasury,
and its notes are now inconvertible paper, which
it is proposed to sustain aitificially by declaring
them illegal tender. If this proposition be adopted,
the Treasury will be enabled to substitute bits of
engraved paper for money. Of course, such a
proposition, on its very face, is obnoxious to ob-
jections which make upon mean impression which
i cannot disguise.
If we look at the history of paper money, es-
pecially in our own country, we snail find no en-
couragement. Its evils were vividly portrayed at
the time by the Federalist, and have been power-
fully presented in this debate by the Senator fiom
Vermont, [Mr.Collamer..] Congress,duringour
Revolution, began, as early as 1775, with bills to
the amount of §3,000,000, declaring on their face
that the beare r was entitled to receive the sum speci-
fied in " Spanish milled dollars, orthe value thereof
in gold orsilver,"according toa certain resolution
of Congress. The bills were made receivable for
taxes, and the thirteen colonies were pledged for
their redemption. Other emissions were made,
and as their credit began to fail, Congiess went so
far as to declare that whoever should refuse to
receive this paper as gold and silver should be
deemed an enemy to the liberties of the United
States. As the paper continued to depreciate, Con-
gress became more violent in its support, and even
ventured to recommend it as of peculiar value.
"Let it be understood," said Congress, " that
paper money is the only kind of money which
cannot make to itself wings and fly away." The
sum total of these bills at lust reached upwards
of three hundred millions, which, in 1780, became
so utterly worthless in the hands of their posses-
sors, that they ccased to circulate, and have ever
since been treated only as curiosities, without an y
positi\e value. No serious proposition for their
redemption has ever been made.
The French assigndsanioummg to the enormous
sum total of upwards of seventeen hundred mil-
lions of dollars, issued duiing the fiery excitements
of the great revolution, shared the fortunes of the
American Continental money, and passed into the
limbo of 44 things transitory and vain." Perhaps
there is not a countiy on tlit; l-Airopean continent
which, during the. ilaiful warn that followed,did
not encounter the same experience. I have heard
it said that old soldirrs in Denniaik lighted their
pipes with paper money, which had become to
them only the record of a broken promise.
Power of all kinds is always liable to abuse, and
experience shows that the power to issue incon-
vertible paper is no exception to this prevailing
law. The issue may have been moderate at first",
and sustained by plausible leasons, but it has soon
broken into excess. Of course, actual value orits
equivalent is the life of money, giving to it a cir-
culating quality; and when money begins to be
suspected it loses its circulating quality. But in-
convertible paper, even when made a legal tender,
has no actual value, and it circulates only because
Govt rnmont commands its circulation. It has no
piesent worth beyond the engraving. It is clear,
therefore, that all the ordmai y checks to an undue
issue of money are wanting in such a case. There
is nothing to pievcnt excess and consequent de-
preciation; and this danger is veiified by history.
I refer to it now that 1 may not seem indifferent
to any of the perplexities which surround us.
In iiomo countries a legal tender is gold and sil-
vet ; in others it is gold alone. In England, since
1816, gold and not silver has been the legal tender
for sums of forty shillings and upwards; and since
18113 the notes of the bank have been a legal
tender everywhere,except at the bank itself. But
it is to be borne in mind that both these metals
have a positive value in the market equivalent to
that attributed to the com; so that the coin is value
itself. But convoitibie paper is not value itself,
hut only the representative of value, while it is
doubtful if inconvertible paper can be called the
lepresentative of anything m particular. These
considerations, of course, are not decisive of the
policy now proposed,for there are yet other con-
siderations which bear on the question. But they
may justly incline us to a prudent hesitation.
If we are not dctened by the bad examples of
history, or by the acknowledged danger of ex-
cess and consequent depreciation; if we are will-
ing to take the chance of seeing our Treasury
notes in the same list with Continental money and
French assigriats, and of having e-ur returned sol-
diers in their old age light their pipes with the
worthless paper; if these suggestions are put
eside as exaggerated or irrelevant, I ask you not
to forget that one of the constant aims of good
government is to secure the immediate convertibil-
ity of paper into coin. But, instead of securing
such immediate convertibility or taking any steps
towards it, you will for the present renounce it.
You will pardon my frankess, sir, if I declare
that the present proposition, when examined care-
fully, seems too much like bad faith. I say it
seems; I would not speak too strongly. Is there
not bad faith towards creditors, who are compelled
to receive what is due to them in a depreciated cur-
rency? Is there not bad faith towards all abroad,
who, putting trust in our integrity, national and
personal, have sent their money to this country,
in gold or its equivalent? And, surely, just in
proportion as this is so, you cannot doubt that wo
shall suffer alike in character and in resources;
for what resource is greater to a nation or to an
individual than a character for integrity ? The
present proposition must be followed soon by
others—even to the extent of $1,000,000,000. But
where shall this vast amount be obtained, and at
what cost, when it is seen that we have already
undertaken to authorize inconvertible paper as a
legal tender? Credit is volatile and sensitive, and
will not yield to force. Do you now propose the
right way to win it? It will notcomc to you from
abroad, where money usually abounds. Will it
salute you here at home ? And is it good econ-
omy to obtain the amount you seek now by a pol-
icy which will create a disturbing impediment to
all your efforts foi the larger amounts which you
mustsoon require? I put these questions without
answering them. It is sufficient for me that I open
the difficulties now before us; and here I follow
the course of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sendex,I the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, who commenced this debate:
In courts of law experts are summoned to testify
on questions of science or art, within their special
knowledge. If, on this occasion, expei ts in finance
or currency were summoned, I do not know that
wc should be much enlightened; for, according to
my observation, there are such differences among
them, and, as the Senator fiom Maine [Mr. Fes-
bENDEN] has pleasantly told us, such tliffeiences
even between the same person, one day and the
day after, that it is difficult to place reliance in their
counsels. Some tell us that the legal tender will
be most beneficent; others insist that it will be dis-
honorable and pernicious. Which shall we fol-
low ?
If wc cross the sea, wc shall find similar differ-
ences, not, of course, with regard to the present
proposition, which is not yet known there, hut
with regard to the principles which enter into this
debate. In England, the general subject has occu-
pied much attention. As late as 1857, it was
brought before a distinguished parliamentary com-
mittee, who have imbodicd in their report the testi-
mony of numerous witnesses whose experience
and knowledge give authority to their opinions.
Among these witnesses was Nathaniel Alexander,
Esq., the head of the firm of Alexander & Co.,
India merchants. (Report on Bank Act, 1857,
sec. 4249.) llisattention being called to the proper
means to at rest the effects of a panic on the Bank
of England, lie proposed, as an assistance to the
bank, another currency inconvertible, and a tender
for Government dues, under act of Parliament.
From its inconvertible character, such a currency,
he said, would not be reached by panic, and would,
therefore, contribute to the secuiity of the bank.
This testimony seems to maintain the principle
of the present proposition; and I quote it, that you
may sue that the proposition is not entirely with-
out practical authority.
Another witness was John T wells, Esq., a Lon-
don banker for upwards of fifty years, who also
testified in favor of an inconvertible note under
the sanction of Government, and a legal tender.
(Ibid., sec. 43GG.) Here aie his answers to two
questions:
•• What do you conceive to be the advantage of an Incon-
vertible note ol that kind ov\*i nconveuible ucto payable to
bearer, on demand? It would prevent admin of bullion
when it is required for iQiei'in hade, a.id it would give us
what is &o veiy es$efiual, adomcMic cunency. which i>not
influenced by any foteign tian.saction^ whatcvei. 11 Fiance
or Ameuca wants a quantity of qohh it ousht not to inter-
fere with our domestic currency Our met chants and all our
trade surely should not (bufferbecause Atneiiea want"? gold.
" Do you think that that cuireney would mn the risk of
