1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The expense
will only be one half.
Mr. DUNN. I have no feeling about this sub-
ject. If these volumes be not ordered, then the
first volume will be so much waste paper.
Mr. ALDRICH. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
The question was taken on Mr. Dunn's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON. I now insist upon my
amendment, to strikeout " two hundred thousand
copies"andinsert"onehundred thousandcopies."
If one hundred thousand copies are printed, we
will have about six hundred copies apiece. If the
number proposed originally is adopted, we shall
have over a thousand copies, an excessive num-
ber. The difference in expense will be about
thirty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. ALDRICH. At the suggestion of my
friend I will modify my amendment, and move
that twenty-five thousand copies be printed in the
German language.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend that amend-
ment by increasing the number to forty thousand
copies.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not in
order now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota to accept that as a modification of his
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will not insist upon that amend-
ment. I think that the number proposed by the
gentleman from Minnesota is sufficient, and I
think that the House will vote that number.
Mr. ALDRICH. I modified my amendment
to meet the wishes of my fiiends.
Mi - ROSCOE CONKLlNG. I would tiketo sug-
gestto the gentleman from Minnesota thatitwould
be better to take a vote upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania first; because, if we
are to have two hundred thousand copies, the
House will be more inclined to vote a larger pro-
portion in German than they would if the num-
ber is to be cut down to one hundred thousand.
If we vote to print the large number, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Minnesota will stand
a better chance than it does now.
Mr. ALDRICH. If the House will permit a
vote to be taken first upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania,and allow me after-
wards to offer my amendment, 1 will not object.
[Cries of "Agreed."]
Mr. McPHERSON. I have no objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 move to amend
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania by increasing the number to one hundred
and fifty thousand.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order, pending the amendment of the gentleman
fiom Minnesota.
Mr. ALDRICII. I withdraw my amendment
with the understanding that I shall have permis-
sion to introduce it hereafter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I now move
to increase the number to one hundred and fifty
thousand.
Mr. COLFAX. I move the previous question
upon the pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The amendment offered by Mr. Iyellocg, of
Michigan, was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. McPhehsok,
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellogg, of
Michigan, and Mr. Akcona were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 34, noes 62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 now move that twenty-five
thousand copies of said report be printed in the
Geiman language.
Mr.HOLMAN. I move to amend by increas- !
mg the number to forty thousand. 1 wish to say, |
in behalf of this amendment, that it provides for the i
printing of one fifth of the entire number in the '
German language. When the fact is remembered i
that the great body of the German population is j
engaged in agricultural pursuits, it seems to me ,
that is a fair proportion to be published m Ger- !
man. I trust the gentleman from Minnesota will j
accept my amendment. i
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that the
gentleman from Minnesota demanded the previ-
ous question.
Mr. ANCONA. I desire to say that I have
been anticipated by the gentleman from Minne-
sota in offering an amendment to print twenty-five
thousand additional copies in the German lan-
guage, a little more than one tenth of the whole
number.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the gen-
tleman from Minnesota will not accept the modi-
fication proposed by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Minnesota, when he intro-
duced the amendment, demanded the previous
question, and debate is now out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota did not demand the previous question until
after the Chair had recognized the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. ALDRICH. I had not yielded the floor,
or did not intend to, at any rate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana was lecogmzed before the previous question
was called.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the House
will not adopt any amendment of this kind. It
would be, for the first time in the whole history
of our Government, a departure, as I conceive,
from the sound and correct principle which has
heretofore been acted on, of printing our docu-
ments in the English language. If we are now to
adopt a proposition of this kind, is there any rea-
son for adopting it in behalf of the German pop-
ulation, which does not equally apply to the
French or the Norwegian population ? It will cost
as much for composition to print this report in Ger-
man as it will in English, and probably much
more. I am in favor of having the foreign popu-
lation which comes here assimilated with and be-
come Americans. There is no reason why this
should be adopted in behalf of the German popu-
lation, for, so far as my knowledge is concerned,
they ore educated, and understand, perhaps, more
m relation to languages than any othci class of
foreign population that eomcs to this country. I
have seen common laboring men in the West who
not only understood the native German language,
but understood the English and the French also.
There is, therefore, no necessity for this proposi-
tion, and I trust it will be rejected. If wc are to
commence a new era in this business we ought to
make a careful computation of what the proper
number should be. I undertake to say that one
quarter of the number proposed to be printed in
the German language would be utterly a dispro-
portionate number, if we arc to printany number
in that language. No one will pretend to say that
the German population numbers one quarter of
the population of this country of thirty millions
of people. 1 consider the proposition as unsound
in principle, and as utterly subversive of the true
doctrine of the country, and I hope wc shall con-
tinue to hold to the sound and safe practice of
printing in the English language.
Mr. \VASHBQRNE. I am in favor of the
amendment which has been offered by the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Aldiiich,] to print
twenty-five thousand additional copies of this re-
port in the German language. The objection which
the gentleman from Vermont urges is that we arc
initialing a new practice. I trust that practice will \
be initiated, and initiated to-day, m the adoption
of a measure of justice to our German population, i
We have, sir, according to the census tables, a l
German population amounting to hundieds of j
thousands, and most of those men are agricultu- ,
rists, and the best agriculturists, too, wc have, and !
a huge number of them do not understand the 1
English language. And yet the gentleman from i
Vermont proposes, because these men do notun- i
derstand the English language, that we shall not '
give them the benefit of the agricultural reports,
which we propose to scatter broadcastamongour
constituents. Sir, I ask the House if they are ;
willing to see these honest, patriotic, and liberty- ,
loving citizens of our country, who have ralhe i, i
sixty thousand strong, under our flag to fight j
the battles of the country, deprived of that in- |
formation to which they are entitled, because we '
shall be inaugurating a new system here? The:
practice has been already inaugurated in many ,
of the States of publishing documents in the Ger- ;
man language, and who has ever complained of:
the evil results of that ? No one. I am proud to
say that in my own State, where we have so many
of those estimable and patriotic citizens, we are
not unwilling to print documents in German, in
order that all Germans may read and understand
what the Government is doing—a Government
which they contribute, in so great a degree, to
sustain and uphold, not only by their labor, but
by their blood; for they are an industrious as well
as an honest and patriotic class of citizens, de-
serving the consideration of this House.
I trust, therefore, that the House will not hesi-
tate to pass this amendment of my friend from
Minnesota, to publish this number of the reports
m the German language.
As to the cost, what is that ? What is the paltry
cost of publishing twenty-five thousand copies of
these reports m German, in comparison with your
whole monstrous expenditures? It amounts to
but a drop in the bucket. Let us pay this com-
pliment, so well deserved by our German citi-
zens. They are a grateful people, and it will add
still further to their generous love of their adopted
country. But the gentleman from Vermont says
why not publish them in the French language?
When, sir, the sons of beautiful and sunny France
shall come here in the same numbers with the Ger-
mans, I will be in favor of printing these reports
in the French language. But they are not here
in any such numbers. When they shall come, I
will welcome them, and mete out to them the same
measure of justicc I would now mete out to the
Germans.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to ask how many copies of his
speeches he has printed and circulated m the Ger-
man language ? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will say to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that if my speeches were
worthy of translation into the German, I would
be very glad to have them translated and read in
that language, bccausc I tell my friend that he will
find in those speeches the true doctrine laid down.
[Laughter.]
I will not trouble the House further, and will
demand the previous question.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to allow me to say that I intended to
make a speech upon this subject, as I have a large
German constituency. [Laughter.] I indorse all
that the gentleman has said.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Akoona were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. Holman's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question rccurred on Mr. Aldrich's
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 57, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Mc=ms. Aldueh, Allen. Anoona, Arnold, Ashley,
Beamnu, Ftancis P. Ulan, J51.tke, Btnnhnm, Chambeihn,
Cohax. Co\. Cutter, Davis, Dawes, Dunn, iYssendcn,
Fisliei, Grangei, Guile), Ilancliett, llolman. Hooper, Ju-
lian, KeliexJ" Knapp," Law, Leary, Lovejoy, Mitchell,
Morn-, Noble. Noeit, Ntigeu, 0<lel!, OJin, Pnunn, Potter,
Potter, Prior,'Riddle. James Iloilms, Sat«ent, Smith,
William (a. Steele, Sti'vens Sttauon, Trowbridge, Walt,
Waul, Wabiibiune, Albeit fci. White, Chilton A. White,
Wilson, Wimlorn, Woiee&rei, and Wiiaht—.Y7.
NAYS—Mosms. Bakei, Kiddle, Jacob 13. Blair, Samuel
S. Bl.nr, Ccoigp H. Browne, tttUfinton, Calveit, Casey,
Clement-*, Fbederi< k A. Conklm<r, Ci itteiulcti. Diven. Dan-
Jap. Edwaids Eliot, Fenton, Fianchot. Frank, Gooeh,
Goodwin, Grider, Haight, IJall, Hauling, IJarri?.on, Hick-
man, Iiut-Chms Fiance W. Kcllojrs:, Lansii'tr. Lehman,
May, Maynnrd, Junm S Morrill, \i\on, Norton, Vike,
John II. iiice. Edward O. Rollins Shellteid. Sliellabatger,
Shiel, John B St^le, Benjamin f. Thomas Francis
Thomas Tumble, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuig'n, Vibbard,
E. P. Walton. Web-tor. and Wooditiff—01.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The resolution reported from the Committee on
Printing, as amended, was then adopted.
