302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19,
37™ Cong. ... 2d Sess.
by the Rebellion—Mr. Webster,
Ho. c® Reps.
not necessary to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories, but lie also knew it would produce irritation,
excite discord, and keep alive sectional agitation;
hence it was too important a measure not to be
introduced.
What next was done? You passed a bill, which
has gone into effect, abolishing slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The people of the District pe-
titioned for no such legislation. The people of
the country generally did not demand it. I do not
perceive that any great amount of good has been
done by it. It is true I see on the streets a greater
number of idle negroes, dressed in holiday attire,
but I cannot perceive any material difference be-
tween "Washington as a slave city and Washing-
ton as a free city. If gentlemen who exhibited so
much interest in the matter feel more comfortable
now I cannot say that I feel less so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let me say a word.
Mr. "WEBSTER. I hope the gentleman will not
interrupt mo. I did not approve of this bill at the
time of its passage. I do not approve of it now. I
think it an act of injustice on the partof the Gov-
ernment to deprive owners of their property with-
out their consent, and not give them a full consid-
eration therefor.- I think they ought to have been
paid the fair and full value of then-slaves, whether
that value was one dollar or one thousand dollars
each. And more than that, I think the passage of
that bill was an act of bad faith toward the State of
Maryland, which ceded this District to the General
Government. It ceded this District certainly with-
out any idea that slavery would be here abolished
before it had been abolished in that State, or with-
out the consentof that State. Buttheacthas been
passed, and I do not propose to reopen that ques-
tion. It was irritating to the people of my Slate.
It was irritating to the people of the District. It
has been done, nevertheless. And although my
people do not agree in the justice and wisdom of
that legislation, si ill they are willing to submit to it.
It is the law of the land, and they are willing to
abide by it, as they lmve ever shown their willing-
ness to stand by the law.
Hut what effects havo followed such legislation P
The people of the border States are becoming dis-
satisfied. They arc unhappy. They are appre-
hensive. They are. losing confidence in Congress.
They begin to fear that you intend to keep up
this agitation at all times and under all circum-
stances, without regard to their wishes or inter-
ests, until their institutions are entirely destroyed.
It is for this reason, to quiet their apprehensions,
to relieve their anxieties, to give them renewed
confidence in the wisdom and moderation of Con-
gress, that I propose to strike this subject out of
the hill. It is for this reason, too, that I appeal
to gentlemen from the northern States to stop all
further legislation on the subject. Surely you
have already redeemed all the pledges you can
have made to your constituents on this question.
You have gone to the full extent of the Chicago
platform. You have legislated against slavery
wherever you have claimed the constitutional
ri^ht of legislation. You have abolished it in this
District, and have prohibited it from all the Terri-
tories. I tell gentlemen, in all sincerity, too, that
while this kind of legislation is distasteful to the
loyal men of the border States, rendering them
unhappy and apprehensive, it gives the liveliest
satisfaction to the disuniomstsamong them. They
expect it to aid their sinking cause, to swell their
diminished ranks, and to furnish some justifica-
tion for their unholy cause. You are thus giving
" aid and comfort" to the enemies of the Union.
I speak in a fraternal spirit. I desire to see peace,
concord, harmony, earnestand hearty cooperation
prevailing!)) the ranks of the Union. I know that
we differ so widely in our views on this oneques-
tion, and on it alone, that its agitation but leads to
dissension, to discord, to alienation, and to division
in those ranks. I repeat, then, let us have no more
of it. I think the Union men of the border States
have some right to make this request. I think
they have some claim on themoderation,theliber-
ality, the confidence and support of their northern
brethren. They are engaged in the same great
cause, I trust, with them—the preservation and
perpetuation of free constitutional government.
They are, like them, pouring out their treasure in
this great cause. Forit they stand with theft on
bloody battle-fields. For it, with them, they are
achieving a common renown and filling common
graves.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, the Union men of the
border States were exceedingly anxious to avoid
this conflict. They did not rush thoughtlessly or
gladly into this war. They were willing, ay,de-
sirous of making every effort and every sacrifice,
consistent with the nation's honor and its exist-
ence, to prevent this fratricidal strife. History
will tell with what zeal and earnestness they be-
sought their embittered brethren of the South not
to lay violent hands upon the Government which
had never oppressed them, which, in all human
probability, never would oppress them, and under
which they had grown so great and prosperous.
History will tell, too, with what earnestness they
also appealed to their scarcely less embittered
brethren of the North, peaceably and fraternally
to remove all cause of real or imaginary complaint.
It was natural, too, as it was proper, they should
seek to avoid a conflict, that they should hesitate
to rush into war, horrid, internecine war, a war
which would rage within their own borders, among
friends and brethren and kindred, as well as be-
tween neighboring and sister States. Their ani-
mosities had not been excited by sectional con-
tests, their institutions were the same as that of
their southern brethren, and the warmest sympa-
thies and the kindliest affection existed between
them.
But notwithstanding all this, when tfie war was
forced by the disunionists upon the country, when
all question of a peaceable settlement of difficulties
was passed, when the only issue left for them was
shall the Union be destroyed, or shall it be pre-
served by the only means which could accomplish
it, the crushing out of rebellion by force, the Union
men of the border States no longer hesitated.
Moved by the purest patriotism, by the holiest
love of country, they yielded not to the touching
and seductive appeals of their southern brethren,
but rising above the aroused fears and prejudices
and passions of their section, they took their un-
alterable position for the Uftion of their fathers,
and are now striking in its behalf though friends
and kindred stand in their way.
I kno,w, Mr. Speaker, that great misapprehen-
sion exists in the minds of many in reference to
the amount of aid given thp Government by the
border States in this hour of peril and contest.
Some indeed go so far as to say that so far from
assisting the Government they are an actual bur-
den, requiring armed occupation to keep them in
subjection. How false is this opinion, how unjust
to the Union men of the border States, and how
unbecoming to those who entertain it, let a few
plain facts and figures determine.
In the first place, I assert that the border States,
in proportion to their loyal white population, have
now more men in the field than any other classof
States. Statigtics prove it. By the census of 1860
there are 2,741,271 white population in the States
of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, and
Western Virginia—estimating Western Virginia
at 250,000. From these States we have, accord-
ing to a report made to the Senate a few days since
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs of that body, [Mr. Wilson, of Massachu-
setts,] and furnished from the Adjutant General's
office, at this time 72,850 men in'the field, or one
in thirty-eight of our entire white population,
secessionists and disunionists of every grade in-
cluded. Take from this number one third of the
population for secessionists, sympathizers with
secession, and men opposed to the war, as they
say—and I think this is about a fair division—
this will leave one in every twenty-five of the
entire loyal white population in the Army of the
United States. Now, the northern States, with
their white population of 18,683,530, have, ac-
cording to the same report of Mr. Wilson,
531,413 men in the field, or one to thirty-five of
their white population. Thus, gentlemen will
perceive that these much-abused border States
have almost as many men in the field in propor-
tion to their entire white population as the north-
ern States, and many more than the northern
States in proportion to their loyal population.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ir' WALTON obtained the floor.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the gentleman may have leave to proceed-.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. WALTON. I will give the gentleman five
minutes of my time.
Mr. WEBSTER. I wanted to go somewhat
further into the conduct of the Union men of the
border States.
Mr. WALL. I object. 1 do not want to hear
the negro question discussed here.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am trying to get the negro
out of this question; and not only out of this ques-
tion, butoutofthisHousealtogether. Buttopro-
ceed. Not only have we put a larger number of
men into the field in proportion to our population,
excluding one third for those who are notloyalto
the Government, but 
Mr. WALL. I rise to a point of order. X ob-
ject to the gentleman's goingon. He has had his
hour, and obje%tion was made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Gooch oc-
cupying the chair.) The gentleman is speaking
five minutes, by unanimous consent, in the time
of the gentleman from Vermont. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. WEBSTER. I say, Mr. Speaker, that the
Union men of the border States are doing their full
duty, not only in furnishing men, but In all other
respects.
Mr. WALL. I rise to a point of order. I made
an objection to the gentleman proceeding immedi-
ately after the hour was up, and I would like to
know how the gentleman has unanimous consent
to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Maryland appealed to the gentleman from
Vermont to allow him five minutes of his time.
The gentleman from Vermont consented to that,
and the question was put to the House whether
the House would consent to it. Consent was
unanimously given.
Mr. WALL. I objected myself.
Mr. WEBSTER. I trust, Mr. Speaker, these
frequent and persistent objections will not come
out of the five minutes so kindly given me by my
friend from Vermont. But I must hurry on.
We have given our men, we have also given
our money. Every border State, I believe, has
assumed through its Legislature, without hesita-
tion and without murmur, to pay its full propor-
tion of the direct tax. I saw it stated in one of
the morning papers to-day that my own State had
paid its quota into yourTreasury—the second State
to perform this duty.
We have not only given our men and money,
but, sir, everywhere throughout my State, 111
every village and neighborhood, the loyal women
have their daily and weekly meetings—their Union
relief associations—and are making- and contrib-
uting thousands and tens of thousands of dollars'
worth of comforts and delicacies for your sick and
wounded soldiers. And in the city of Baltimore,
which some gentlemen seem to consider but a vast
camp of treason, our fair women daily in large num^
bersvisit the great military hospitals, and with per-
sonal assiduities andgentle ministrationsalleviate,
as far as possible, the pains and sufferings of yout-
brave but unfortunate soldiers; thus, sir, adorn-
ing their patriotism with the sweet works of char-
ity and the holy offices of religion.
The men who, with knowledge of all these facts,
can throw doubt upon the loyalty of the great ma-
jority of the people of the border States, who can
declare that they are kept in the Union simply by
force, who can assert that all slaveholders are dis-
loyal, know nothing of the patriotic spirit of the
people of whom they speak, and have no correct
appreciation of that duty which every good citi-
zen feels to cultivate fraternal relations between
every section of his common country; but inclosed
in their own sectional and narrow-minded bigotry,
they ascribe to all others who differ from them in
opinion those very qualities which so highly dis-
tinguish themselves.
Now, Mr. Speaker, for the reasons I have given,
particular and general, I trust the House will adopt
my amendment, and strike out that part of the
bill which discriminates against a great class ot
loyal citizens,adiscrimination which is obnoxious
to them, which they have not merited, and which,
in my judgment, is illiberal, unfair, and improper!
But if my amendment should not be adopted, I
consider the bill, m its principal provisions, so im-
portant to the people who aie demanding redress
