800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13.
understand the occasion, does not doubt. In his
opinion the war requires this sacrifice. Uncon-
trollable passions have been let loose to overturn
tire tranquil conditions of peace. Meanwhile your
soldiers in the field must be paid and fed. Here
there can be.no failure or postponement. A rem-
edy which at another moment you would reject is
now proposed. Whatever may be the national re-
sources, they are not now within reach, cxcept by
summary process. Reluctantly, painfully, 1 con-
sent that the process should issue.
And yet I cannot give such a vote without warn-
ing the Government against the dangers from such
an experiment. The medicine of the Constitu-
tion must not become its daily bread. Nor can
I disguise the conviction that better than any legal
tender will be vigorous, earnest efforts for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and for the establish-
ment of the Constitution in its true principles over
the territory which the Rebellion has usurped.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fosteh
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion on the ainendmentoffered by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer?]
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask for
the yeas and nays 011 that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Collaiuer, Cowan,
Fes&enden, Foot, Foster, Kennedy, King, Latham, Nes-
mltfo, Puarec. Powell, gauUbury. Simmons, Thomson, ami
Willey—17.
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Claik, Davis, Dixon, Doom
tie, Hailan, lianis, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, McDougall, Morrill, Poracroy, Iiice, Sherman,
• Sqpiner, Ten KycU, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts and Wilson of Missouri—23.
So the motion to strike out the legal tender
clause was not agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. The proviso on the 3d page
of the bill has been stricken out by one of the
amendments of the Committee on Finance. I pro-
pose, therefore, in lieu of it, to insert after the
word " thereof" iti the forty-second line of the
first section, the following:
Provided, That the Secretai.v of the Treasmy shall, upon
presentation of the note-* mentioned in the preceding pait
of tlm section, in miuh of not los than $100, ismjo to the
holder thereof, at hi-* option, and instead of the bonds al-
ready described, an equal amount ot Treasury notes or cou-
pon bonds, or registered bond-*, redeemable at the pleaMiie
of the United rtt.ites at any tune aftei two years, beating
interest at the rate of eight per cent., and payable semi-
annually,
I have but a word to say on this amendment.
Notwithstanding the vote just taken, which will,
in my judgment, detract a little from the value of
these notes, I believe it is the duty of the Senate
to give them all the value possible by the way
they may allow them to be made use of. 1 have
no doubt this proposition will strengthen their
value in the market greatly, {shall not repeat
the reasons, as I have already given them once to
the Senate. I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this amendment
may ns well be made,
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say that I
trust no additional character of securities will be
made in this way. We have already provided
for six per cunt, securities, and I think seven per
cent., on the motion of the Senator, and now 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I have not made
the motion. This is the same motion that I re-
fened to.
Mr SHERMAN. I will not take up any time
upon it; but as I trust we have now adopted an
important financial expedient,as we have adopted
a national currency, let us simplify it as much as
possible. If you allow the notes to be converted
into bonds of the United States at six per cent.,
that simplifies the whole matter, and will give all
the value possible to these, notes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theic is a difference of
opinion between the Senator and myself on that
subject. I agree with the Senator from Rhode
Island. I aiii of opinion, however, that seven
per cent, would answer the purpose as well as
eight; but if he thinks it should be eight per cent.,
1 shall not object. It is only for two years, and
I think it gives an additional strength to the bill
and to the notes.
Mr. CLARK. I simply desire to say that I
voted with some reluctance against the amend-
ment of the Senator fiom Vermont; but now, hav-
ing made these no toy a legal tender, I think we
are bound to do everything we can to keep them
at par, and I shall cheerfully vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely want to add a single
remark. Anybody, who is at all familiar with
the money market now, must know that this fact
exists: there is a great abundance of money or-
dinarily used in commercial purposes, now lying
idle, and men will not put it into twenty years
bonds; but if you give them this chance of two
years, at eight per cent., they will know it is but
for a short time, and whenever business revives
in this country it will revive the credit of the Gov-
ernment, and this stock will be convertible, and
they will readily take it. I have no doubt we
shall be able to get money at five per cent., in-
stead of six, as soon as this trouble is over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Any mercantile man would
know that when a bankrupt offers to settle his
liabilities at fifty cents on the dollar, it is time to
stand from under. When a Govcrwment offers
six per cent, bonds for twenty years, and at the
same time offers eight per cent, for money, no
moneyed people will accept either the eight or the
six per cent. Sir, let us either consider our six
percent, bonds good, reliable and safe, or else
let us admit ourselves bankrupt, and not attempt
to offer anything. To offer on two years eight
per cent., and at the same time offer a six per cent.,
is simply an absurdity. No merchant would be
so insane as to offer such a proposition. A mer-
chant who would make such a proposition would
bo disgraced before the mercantile world. We
go before the world as a nation; we make our evi-
dences of debt good; that is, we declare them to
be a legal tender; and we say to the world, " if
you prefer interest at the rate of six per cent., come
and accept our bonds." The Senator from Rhode
Island comes forward and says, " we will pay
you eight per cent." Sir, I repeat, either abolish
your six per cunt.,and say that we are bankrupt,
and offer any amount you please for your per-
manent bonds, or else, in God's name,do not say
that we will pay an excess for two years. No
merchant would vote for that. No moneyed man
would vote for that. I will not say that no man
of sense would vote for it, because I know my
friend from Rhode island to be a man of sense
and a financier; but if he had been a merchant he
never would have made this proposition.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am sure the Senator was
not in the Chambei when I stated the particular
reasons why I made the proposition. In the ex-
change of the banks in New York, the banks
themselves have to pay seven per cent, on their
balances.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the legal interest
in New York.
Mr-. SIMMONS. I know that is the legal in-
terest there. This amendment merely provides
a place where they can deposit their Treasury
notes that now beai no interest, and get as much or
more interest as they have to pay to the other
banks in exchanges; and in my opinion it will
strengthen the credit of these notes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an additional rea-
son. At the present time the conversion of these
notes into six per cent, stock at twenty years
might not be very iapid, and might not withdraw
this paper from the market, and send it back to
the Treasury to be reissued. This eight per cent,
short paper (and many people prefer short paper)
would be very likely to have that effect, in my
judgment, and that is the object of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply wish to say to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance that
any merchant in the United States*with good se-
curities can to-day bonow $1,000,000 at six per
cent. I can, with good securities; and so can my
friend from Maine. Now, do you desire to place
this great Governmentof thirty millions of people
and untold resources beneath the ordinary mer-
cantile credit? If you do, vote to pay eight per
cent, when I can bonow money for six.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is a little too late
to talk about borrowing readily as much money
as we want at six per cent., when we passtn law
of Congiess compelling people to take ourpaper.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator from Mich-
igan forgets that a bond running two years at
eight per cent, may be much better for the Gov-
ernment than a bond running twenty years atsix
per cent. It is the length of time the bond will
run that makes it valuable.
Mr. CHANDLER. We limited our liability
last night to five years. The Senator fronkCon-
necticut must know that a bond running twenty
years with the power to redeem it in five, is sim-
ply a five years bond: therefore his argument
falls; there is no force in it. We offer five years
bonds, and not twenty years bonds—five years
if we please, and twenty years, if we do not please.
Mr. DIXON. I was not aware of the fact that
any such amendment had been made. -
Mr, CLARK. I will suggest that that amend-
ment, making them redeemable by the Govern-
ment at the end of five years, was entirely with-
drawn to-day; so that they stand in the bill now
as twenty years bonds.
Mr. CHANDLER. It passed last night.
Mr. CLARK. It was reconsidered and with-
drawn this morning.
Mr. DIXON. I was not aware that any amend-
ment such as the Senator had alluded to had been
made. Of course, if it had, it would to a great de-
gree have obviated my remark,though not entirely;
but it seems that no such thing has been adopted.
Mr. SIMMONS. One word more, sir. The
Secretary has now authority to borrow $50,000,000
at seven and three tenths per cent., but he cannot
get the money; and yet the Senator from Michi-
gan is denouncing everybody that recognizes that
fact. He can convert this into seven and three
tenths stock to-day; but I thought if we gave a
little more than the banks do in paying each other,
it would be certain to bring us money now, and
there would be no hardship in the matter. That is
the whole of it. It does not need any argument.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 16.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was a little misun-
derstanding about an amendment that I offered
to-day, to insert in the seventh line of the second
section, after the word " after," the words " five
years and payable," and I withdrew it. I should
like to know if a similar amendment which was
made last night to insert those same words-in the
forty-second line of the first section stands in the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that, that stands in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, in order to make
it conform, 1 move to amend the second section
by striking out the word " and" in the sixth line,
and also the word "Government" in the seventh
line, and in lieu of it inserting the words "United
States," and after the word "after" inserting the
same words, "five years and payable;" so that
it will read:
lie is heicby authorized to issue, on the credit of the Uni-
ted States, coupon boiuU, or registered bonds, to an amount
not exceeding $500,000,000, icdecimible at the pleasure of
the United States alter five yeais, and payable from date,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make another
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire now to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Si.m.moj*sj was adopted. It was adopted
under a misapprehension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senator does
that, I hope he will allow me to get through with
one or two other amendments which I wish to
make.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On my motion last night
the words " city or town" were inserted after the
word " county," at the end of the second section.
I wish to move a reconsideration of that vote
merely to correct the phraseology.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now withdraw that
amendment, and propose to strike out the words
" any State or county," and to insert the words
"or under State authority;" so that the clause
will read:
And all stocks, bonds, and other seemities of the United
States held by individuals, coiporations, or associations,
within the United States, shall be exempt from taxation by
or under State authoiity.
The amendment wasagieed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire to make another
amendment, with a view to insert a better expres-
sion. On examining the bill and the amendment
