1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
House proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolutions and bills from the Senate
on the Speaker's table were taken up, severally
read a first and second time, and disposed of as
indicated below:
SWEENY, ltlTTENIIOUSE, FANT AND COMPANY.
Joint resolution (No. 74) to confirm the opinion
of the Court of Claims adverse to the claim of
Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Fant & Co.—referred to
the Committee of Claims.
THOMAS B. GRAHAM.
Joint resolution (No. 75) to confirm the opinion
of the Court of Claims adverse to the claim of
Thomas B. Graham—referred to the Committee
of Claims.
MAIL CARRIERS.
An act (No. 237) to remove all disqualification
of color in carrying the mails—referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MICHIGAN.
An act (No. 270) concerning; the courts of the
United States in and for the district of Michigan—
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
QUALIFICATIONS OF ELECTORS.
An act (No. 271) prescribing the qualifications
of electois in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, in the Distiict of Columbia—re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
MARINES ON TRANSPORT GOVERNOR.
Joint resolution (No. 77) for the relief of the
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates
of the battalion of marines on board the transport
Governor on the 3d of November, 1861—referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
LAND OFFICE IN COLORADO.
An act (No. 273) to establish a land office in
Colorado Territory—referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
LAND GRANTS Oil CLAIMS.
The bill of the House (No. 189) for the survey
of grants or claims of land, returned from the
Senate with amendments—referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the consent of the
House to have printed an amendment which I
design to offer to the Pacific railroad bill.
It was so ordered.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I desire to
give notice to the House that to-morrow I will call
up the rupoitof the Committee of Elections in the
case of Colonel Vandeyer, of Iowa.
SEA-COAST DEFENSES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand oxtta copies of the repoit
from the Committee on Military Aftaus Hibmitted by Mr.
Blair, ofMi«s>ouri, relating to sc.i-coivt defences, be printed
for distribution by the members of the Mouse.
BOUNTY TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose ofgiving the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr.-Rollins,] an opportu-
nity of making his speech, and any other gentle-
men who desire to be heard. I shall propose to
take up House bill No. 413.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Walton*,
of Vermont, in the chair.)
On motion of Air. MORRILL, of Vermont, the
committee proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (H.R.No. 413) making an appropriation for
the payment of the bounty to widows and legal
heirs of volunteers who have died or may die, or
have been killed or may be killed in service, as
provided in the act of July 22, 1861.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
I feel deeply indebted to the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr.'Morrill] for his generous courtesy,
in submitting the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole, at this time, in order to enable me to
speak upon the subject of our present national
troubles. I propose to make an old-fashioned,
patriotic speech, and in the brief hour allowed to
me to-day, I shall not attempt, to any extent, the
discussion of those great constitutional questions
which have grown out of the present rebellion. I
shall content myself by stating frankly the impres-
sions made upon my own mind, and the opinions
formed by the changed circumstances which sur-
round us, and with such appropriate allusion to
the causes of our great troubles, and the remedy
for them, as the occasion seems to suggest.
Perhaps in all history no more melancholy
spectacle was ever presented to the gaze of men
than that which we have looked upon in this
country during the last twelve months. A great
nation hitherto blessed beyond that of any other
people in ancient or modern times, with a Consti-
tution and form of government at once the won-
der and admiration of mankind, without a public
debt, and almost free from taxation, enjoying a
degree of civil and religious liberty never attained
by any other nation, having the benefits of moral
and intellectual culture diffused among all the
masses of the people, great in all the elements of
national power, in the supposed intelligence, vir-
tue, and patriotism of the people, in commerce,
in manufactures, in agriculture, in art, literature,
and science, and bidding fair to rival the proudest
nation of all the earth; our armies invincible at
home, our navies riding upon every sea ! Such,
Mr. Chairman, is a fair presentation of the con-
dition of our country one short year ago! But
how changed the scene! In the place of peace,
prosperity, and happiness, we find ourselves en-
gaged in civil strife; the hostile tread of armed
men is heard on every side; the nation is con-
vulsed from center to circumference with gieat
and warlike prepniationg; the clash of arms is
heaid throughout the land, and blood is made to
/low on a hundred battle-fields, and our national
existence is threatened with overthrow. It is a
featful question. Who and what has caused this
sudden and unexpected change? Where were our
wise men and prudent legislators, that whatever
causes of discontent existed might not have been
removed? Upon the administration of James
Buchanan, and the Thirty-Sixth Congress, rests
the fearful responsibility of permitting the present
fearful state of things to exist; and in all time to
come the closing days of his administration, and
the action of that Congress, will be regarded as
the darkest period in Amencan history!
Mr. Chairman, I belong to that class of men
who believe that it is far better to settle all ques-
tions of national difficulty by an appeal to reason
and to the ballot-box rather than by the arbitra-
ment of arms; and I am sincere in the reflection
that, considering the boasted civilization of the
American people, the present civil war must be
regarded in all tune to come as a scandal and dis-
grace to the age in which we live, and the authors
of it, when the passions of the present hour shall
have subsided, in the judgment of posterity will
be considered as the moral monsters of this gen-
eration, and the worst foes to free institutions and
the cause of well-regulated liberty among men.
This rebellion is one of the legitimate fruits of
the excesses to which party spirit has been car-
ried in this country, and of the continued and fierce
agitation of the question of African slavery; the
loss of political power furnishing a motive to am-
bitious men to put it on foot, and the slavery ques-
tion being the moving power by which they hoped
to excite and enlist the sympathies and the ser-
vices of the great body of the southern people.
The national Government having fallen into the
hands of a weak and vacillating President, his
Cabinet com posed in part of the conspirators them-
selves—bold, reckless, and unscrupulous—using
their ill-gotten power to encourage the purposes
of disloyalty and precipitate national disaster;
whilst the people, shocked and amazed, and yet
incredulous as to the wicked objccts which these
men had in view, the rebellion at the outset met
with a degree of success and encouragement, caus-
ing thousands of good men to doubt the ability of
the Government to check its progress and to over-
throw those who had taken" up arms against it.
Never did a free people enter more reluctantly into
an unwilling contest than did the loyal people
of the United Stages with the disunionists of the
South, who " forced this war upon the country."
It was not until State after State had broken their
plighted faith and violated all the obligationsof the
Federal Constitution, in passing ordinances of se-
cession, not until the Federal Treasury had been
robbed, our arsenals and armories despoiled of
their arms, our ships sent to distant seas, armies
raised to resist the authority of the General Gov-
ernment, peaceful vessels fired into, and a weak
and beleaguered garrison compelled to surrender,
that the national Government took the first step to
exert its authority and to maintain the supremacy
of the laws and the Federal Constitution. Never
in the history of the world was so much forbear-
ance displayed by a great Government towards
those in rebellion against it, and who were plot-
ting its overthrow.
The purpose from the beginning was to break
up the Government. For more than a quarter
of a century a great party, founded upon the
most pernicious theories, and denying the most
obvious and direct teachings of the Federal Con-
stitution, as found in the letter as well as the
spirit of that instrument, and its cotemporaneous
exposition by the authorized departments of the
Government, as well as by the great minds of the
nation most competent to expound it, have been
seeking pretexts to divide and dismember the Con-
federacy. Checked in their purposes of disloy-
alty by that man of iron will, Andrew Jackson,
in 1832, and relieved from the dangerous predic-
ament m which they found themselves placed at
that time, by the generous and liberal states-
manship of Henry Clay, they have lost no op-
portunity since to sow the seed of discord and
encourage and foment a spirit of disloyalty and
opposition to the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Starting out originally in theircrusade
upon the tariff question, they readily relinquished
it for one of a more excitable character, and m re-
gard to which the " southern heart could be more
easily fired." Receiving all the aid which they de-
siied from another class of men, little less danger-
ous and no better than themselves, and equally in-
tent upon mischief—men who actupon the motto
of "no unionioith slaveholders," and who have in-
scribed upon their banner that the Constitution
of the United States is a " covenant with death and
an agreement wilhhc.llwho have done all in their
power to obstruct and to prevent the execution of
the Federal laws in the northern States; who have
inspired aspirit of hatred among theirown people
against the South and southern institutions; who
prefer to see the Union broken if slavery be not
abolished—it is not to be wondered at that the lead-
ers of this " infamous lebellion," representing the
opinions of these " fanatical men," as the voice
of the northern people, and urging upon them
the false idea that it was the purpose to interfere
with and destroy one of their institutions in the
southern States, without regard to the guarantees
thrown around it m the Federal Constitution,
have so far succeeded in enlisting beneath their
banner so many well-meaning but deluded follow-
ers. Instead of seeking redress through the mode
pointed out in the Constitution itself, for any griev-
ances of which they had a right to complain, by
asking an amendment of that instrument, they
seized upon the election of Abraham Lincoln as
President, although fairly chosen, and according
to all the forms of law, by a majority of the free-
men of the nation, to carry into effect their un-
patriotic and hellish purposes. Even before he
was inaugurated, before any step had been taken
by him calculated to produce alarm or to indicate
that he intended in any way to interfere with the
legal and constitutional rights of southern men,
and in the face of the resolution, constituting a
part of the platform of the party that elected him,
this rebellion is set on foot, and before the 4th day
of March, 1861,seven outoffifteen southern States
had passed ordinances of secession, and erected
another government within the boundaries of the
Republic.
Mr. Chairman, I denounce this as a most cause-
