THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1862.
New Series No..
made by the Senate to the first section, from line
twenty-three to line twenty-eight, I find that the
words " public dues and demands" are liable to
misconstruction. I therefore move to reconsider
the vote by which that amendment was adopted
with a view to correct the phraseology. I will
state that that has been amended by a motion made
yesterday, by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man,] but that may go with it, because the same
amendment will be introduced into that which I
propose. I have conferred with him on the sub-
ject. It may be necessary to move to reconsider
thafalso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate reconsider their votes amending
the first section in the manner indicated by the
Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to insert,
after the word " authorized" in the nineteenth
line of the first section, the words, " and the notes
authorized by the act of July 17,1861," the same
words that were in the former amendment; so
that the clause will read:
And such notes herein authorized and the notes author-
ized by the act of July 17,1861, shall be receivable in pay-
ment of all taxes, dunes, imposts, excises, debts, and de-
mands of eveiy kind due to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to strike out,
after the word " States," m the twenty-first line,
down to and including the word " description" in
the twenty-fifth line of the bill as it stands, the
following words:
And for all salaiies, debts, and demands owing by the
United States to individuals, corporations, and associations
within the United States, and such notes beiem autliouzed
and the notes authorized by the act of July 17, 1831, shall
be receivable in payment of all public dues and demand*
of every description.
And to insert-in lieu thereof:
And of all claims and demands against the United States
of every kind whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds
and notes, which shall be paid in coin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi*. DOOLITTLE. I desire to move to amend
that first section by striking out, after the word
" all" in the twenty-ninth line, the words " debts,
public and private," and to insert the words,
(f public debts and all private debts hereafter con-
tracted;" so that the clause will read:
And shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in pay
ment of all public debts, and ali private debts hereafter con
tracted within the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin whether such a provision as that would
not be the source of great confusionp If that were
adopted, creditors would hold on to the notes they
now have in their hands. It would make a dis-
crimination against existing debtors, and would
frevent them from renewing their indebtedness.
think that is worthy of consideration.
Mr. COWAN". I do not know that it will re-
vert back to the time when the debt was first con-
tracted. I think the mere changing of securities
will not affect it at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The constitutional ques-
tion, perhaps, is precisely the same applied to the
bill as it stands as to the amendment which I offer;
but, on the question of necessity, is it necessary for
us, for the purpose of making our notes pass at par
and be received by the banks at par in all commer-
cial transactions, to go to the length of saying that
they shall be received in payment of debts already
contracted ? My own opinion is that it is not neces-
sary for us to go that length. If this amendment
should be adopted by the Senate and should go to
the House of Representatives, and, m conference
between the Houses, it should be found that the
House was of the decided opinion that this was
necessary, I might be constrained to change my
vote and to vote to make it a tender for debts al-
ready contracted; but my own judgment now is
that it is not necessary to go to'that extent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say that the
committee had this matter under consideration for
a considerable time, and on the best information
f>l
we could get, and the best conclusion we could
come to, it was decided that it would make so
much confusion in business in every particular,
that on the whole if the legal tender was adopted
by the Senate, it had better go for the whole and
not make any distinction.
Mr. COWAN. I do not see wherein great con-
fusion could ,arise from adopting this amendment.
I think it relieves the clause ofthe mischievous effect
it would otherwise have. Itgives notice to the pub-
lic that if ^iey ma.ke contracts hereafter they may
be expected to be met with this legal tender; and
therefore it makes it fair. I think it is not obnox-
ious to the objection made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, because no matter how frequently
notes may be renewed the debt arises out of the
original and first contract. No matter how you
may change the sccuriticsin all cases of that kind,
it has been ruled repeatedly that the date reverts
itself back to the first contract out of which it had
its birth.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania where the soldier would stand in that
case? You declare by this bill that he shall take
the Government money; buthe made his contract
some time ago to serve the Government for thir-
teen dollars a mouth. Are you going to allow
him to take this money or refuse it?
Mr. COWAN. What kind of a contract is it,
public or private?
Mr. CLARK. To serve the Governmentduring
the war or three years, at so much a month.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take the case of an exist-
ing contract to furnish capital or provisions.
Mr. COWAN. Very well; then this clause
would notaffnet them. They arc private contracts.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would create great em-
barrassment.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly evident this
amendment means that you are to pay your con-
tractors in gold, and your soldiers, at thirteen dol-
lars a month, in depreciated paper. If the Senate
are willing to do that, of course they will adopt the
amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I think the Senator is mistaken
as to the operation of this amendment. I am de-
sirous of protecting the soldier and everybody,
and contracts that have been heretofore made.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KING. My opinion is so decided against
this measure, which it is evident has the favor of
a large majority of the Senate, that I must vote
against it; but I deem it due to myself to offer a
substitute for the first section. I propose to strike
out the first section of the bill which relates to
Treasury notes and the tender, and to insert what
I send to the Chair m three sections. The second
and subsequent sections of the bill providing for
bonds and making other provisions, I do not pro-
pose to interfere with.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out the first section of the bill, and insert the fol-
lowing iii lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of the Tiea^ury be, and he U hereby,
authorized toicsue m exelnuigefurcoin, or in payments from
the Ticasuiy,Tieasuiy notes to the amount of $150,000,000
payable to beaiei at the Trca«iuy, which shall be redeem-
able in com at the pl<>a-im> ot the United States, alter five
years from the pa«&a e of till- act, until July J, 187-2, when
ali that aie then outstanding shall be redeemed. Such notes
shall be is.-ued m denominations ot not le^s than five dollar*,
and shall boar inteicst at the rate of seven and tlueetenths
per cent, per annum, payable when the note h redeemed
oi received inpaj ment of Government dues, and such notes
shall bo icfcivable in payment ot" all Government du,is.
Sue. Andbcit fu)therenacted, Thattheholdersofsuch
notes may at any time exchange them at the Tieasury of
the United States loi bonds of the I rmted States having not
less than twenty year* to tun, bearing six per cent, interest,
payable semi-annually.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further c.-iacted, That a diroct tax of
£15,000,000 annuallv be, and ibe Mime is hoicby, laid upon
the United Males, to be collected as shall be prondedin
accordance with the provisions of the Constitution, by an
act of Congn ss to b<"> pa^M'd at the pir-sent session of Con-
#i ess, and ihe proceeds of Mien rax is hereby pledged to the
payment in com of Mich not^s. principal and interest,as the
bame become due, and payable until all aic paid.
Mr. KING. The change which this amendment
proposes is to strike out the tender clause, to make
the demand notes which are issued without inter-
eat five-year notes, bearing an interest of seven
and three tenths per cent, per annum, receivable
for all Government dues or exchangeable for long
bonds at six per cent., interest payable semi-
annually, at the optiorrof the holder, and provide
ing by tax a sufficient sum which is pledged to the
redemption of these notes, and ultimately to pay
them, principal and interest', which, I think is a
provision that ought to accompany any measure
providing for borrowing money either by notes or
bonds.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there are no further
amendments to be offered, I hope the bill will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not propose to annoy the
Senate at this hour with a speech; but as I shall
feel obliged to vote against the bill, I wish to state
very briefly the reasons why I shall do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether
he will not allow us to get the bill outof commit-
tee, and make his remarks on the final passage of
the bill? .
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; I will yield for that
purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate that the question of concurring
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole be taken upon each individually or upon
the whole collectively ?
Several Senators. All together.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to except the
amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island, allowing eight per cent, interest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
excepted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of the
first section as it now stands, as amended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That the Secretaiy of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to issue, on the credit of the United States, $100,000,000 of
United States notes, not bearing interest, payable tobeaier
at the Trcasuiy of the United States, antl of such denomi-
nations as he may deem expedient, not less than Ave dol-
lars each. And such notes herein authorized, and the notes
authorized by the act of July 17, 1801, shall be icccivable
in payment of all taxes, duties, imposts, excises, debts, and
demands of eveiy kind due to the United States, and of all
claims and demands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and notes,which
shall be paid m coin, and shall al^obe lawful money and a
legal tender in payment of all debts, public and private,
within the United Slates, except interest, as aforesaid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary has read
far enough. That shows how the section stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on concurring in all the amendments
with the exception of the one indicated by the
Senator from Michigan, unless some Senator re-
quests to have some other excepted.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment submit-
ted by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] to insert, after the word " thereof," in the
forty-second lino of the first section, the follow-
ing:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, upon
presentation of the note*> mentioned in the preceding part
of this section, m sums of not less than $100, issue to the
holder theieof, at his option, and instead of the bonds al-
ready dcscnbed, an equal amount of Trea.Miry note*, or cou-
pon bonds, or registered bond*. icdeemable at the pleasure
of the United Plates at any time alter two year?, bearing
mteiost at the late of eight per cent., and payable semi-
annually.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that that amend-
ment will be stricken out, and I will state my rea-
son. This Government has, I think, ^150,000,000
of seven and three tenths per ccnt. three years
bonds now on the market. It is for the interest of
the Government and of the people to keep those
bonds at pur if possible. Now, I ask Senators,
lawyers—for you are all lawyers, and I am the
only merchant here—do you not sec that if you
offer eight p'-r cent, now for a small amount when
yon have $150,000,000 of seven and three tenths
per cent, bonds on the market, you depreciate
those seven and three tenths securities? Do you
