1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27*83
shall not be placed in the power of this railroad
company. 1 ask that the railroad company shall
be confined to doing the business of the railroad
company. Let them have the benefit of this tel-
egraph line, and let this company do the commer-
cial business, so long as it shall do it well and
properly; otherwise, they need not do it. Itisin
our power at any time to make a new regulation
in relation to that company, if they are oppressive
in their charges, if they do not do the business
properly. Here is an express provision in the
amendment that 1 propose:
Provided, Said telegraph companies shall furnish proper
and sufficient facilities lor the transaction of their pioper
business.
That is all I ask. It seems to me it is right and
proper.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to suggest, in answer
to what was said by the Senator from Wisconsin,
that it is impossible to put a railroad in the power
of a telegraph line.especially one running through
the wilderness. In some respects that may be
true; but the Senator will reflect that by the pro-
visions of this bill we allow that telegraph com-
pany to come out of the wilderness, as it were,
and put itself on the line of this road. When we
have allowed it that privilege of running on the
line of the road, it then asks, if it cannot agree
with the railroad company in regard to doing its
business, that the telegraph connected with the
railroad shall not do commercial business, but it
shall be all turned over to this company that has
come out of the wilderness. Would any man
transact business in that sort of way? Would any
man act in that way in private matters? Do we
not allow people to do a business that choose to
do it, and shall we tie up this telegraph line con-
nected with the railroad, and say it shall not do
this business, but it shall be done by the first tel-
egraph company? Let the two compete if they
cannot agree; and my word for it, if they cannot j
conduct business by competition they will arrange
it on satisfactory terms; but do not put one under
the power of the other to start with. Put them
both on the line of the railroad, and let the one
that will do the business best do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 5, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Doolittle, Howe, McDougall, and
Wilkinson—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biowning, Clark, Coilamer,
Cowan, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, JIarlan,
Hendeison, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Mornll.Nesmitll, Ponieroy, Powell, Rice, Sherman, Stark,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wilson ol
Alassachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think it is not altogether
just as it stands, and I suggest a further amend-
ment by adding lines fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, and
seventeen, down to the word " herein," permit-
ting them to go on the line of the railroad with
then- telegraph. I suppose there will be no ob-
jection to that, as it will afford them additional
protection, and give them no right except the right
to remove their telegraph. I thinlc that meets the
approbation of my colleague.
Mr LATHAM. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to amend the amendment
by adding the following words:
And in case of disagreementsaid telegraph companies an:
authorized to remove theii line of telegraph along and upon
the hneof raihoaii lu-rfin contemplated, without prejudice
to the lights of said railroad companies named heroin.
Theamendmenttotheamendmentwasagreedto.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have passed on all the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill is still beioie
the Senate for further amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I move now to amend the bill en
the 19th page by striking out all of the thnleenth
section after the word "Kansas," in the tenth line,
in the following words:
And the Leavenwoith, Pawnee, and Western Railroad
Company of Kansas, may construct their road from Leav-
enworth to unite with tile road through Kansas, within fifty
miles of the Missouri river, upon the same terms and con-
ditions, in all respects, as are piovided in this act for the
construction of the railroad and telegraph line first men-
tioned.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will ask the Senator from
New Hampshire if he will not withdraw that
amendment temporarily to allow me to offer some
amendments that were agreed to, but not reduced
to form, in committee.
Mr. CLARK. I will do so. It is proper that
the amendments agreed to by the committee should
be voted on first. I withdraw my amendment for
the present.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendments X propose
to offer are not strictly from the committee. They
were not reduced to form in committee, but have
been reduced to form since and agreed to by the
chairman ef the committee, and I also consulted
the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomerot.] I will
now offer an amendment to which I think there
will be no objection. The whole object of it is to
put the branch roads in Iowa on the same con-
ditions with those of Kansas It is in lines four-
teen and fifteen of section ten, to stiike out the
words." across theTerritoriesas shall then remain
to be constructed," and to insert the words:
And branch railroads and telegraph lines in this act here-
inafter mentioned through the Territories from the State
of California to the Missouri river, as shall then remain to
be constructed, on the same terms and conditions as pro-
vided in this act, in relation to the said Union Pacific Rail-
road Company.
Mr. CLARK. I will suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that he modify that amendment by
striking off all after the word " constructed;" be-
cause we shall evidently have some amendments
striking out these branch roads and putting them
upon a different basis from what the main road is,
and to obviate any difficulty that may arise here-
after, if he will strike off that portion of the amend-
ment it can be amended afterwards, after trying
some other amendments.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to suggest that
this amendment now offered by the Senator from
Iowa is to make the provisions of the bill consist-
ent. If it is to be amended radically, the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire can be made, perhaps. The amendment of
the Senator from Iowa is to supply an omission
to make the bill harmonious. I tfust it may be
adopted.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Iowa that perhaps he had better withdraw this
amend ment for the present, because if some amend-
ments that are to be offered are adopted it will not
be needed, and it might embarrass the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. If the bill should be passed
substantially as it now stands, I should not be
willing to vote foritunless theseamendments were
adopted, and if it should be amended as to its prin-
ciple hereafter, these amendments can be also
modified. I believe I should prefer the vote to be
taken on this amendment as it stands now.
Mr. CLARK. Then I will move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words" on the
same terms and conditions as provided in this act
in relation to the said Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany;" so that it will read:
And branch railroads and telegraph lines in this act here-
inafter mentioned through the Teiritories from the State of
California to the Missouri rivei as shall then l-eniam to be
eonstiucted.
The object of this amendment to the amend-
ment is, not to embarrass the Senate in regard to
these branch roads and the terms on which they
shall be builtuntil we have tried some other amend-
ments. The amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, as it stands, provides that the branches may
be built upon the same terms with the center of
the road. Now, I propose to strike out, in re-
gard to the branches, all the bonds, and give them
the lands. I f we adopt the amendment of the Sen-
ator fi 0111 Iowa as it is, we perhaps shall find some
embarrassment with itafterwards. If the amend-
ment that I shall propose by and by should not
be agreed to, I should have no objection to these
words 1 now move to strike out being added to
the bill. , ,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That the Senator frorn
New Hampshire may understand the position of
the branches, so far as the Kansas branches arc
concern ed, I will say they do not get any land-
not a foot. ,,.,11
Mr. CLARK. I did not speak of the lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. You said lands. .
Mr.CLARK. Then itwasa mistake, Imeant.
bonds. I did not mean to say anything about the",
lands. I meant the bonds.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They get no lands.
Mr. CLARK. Well, I did not say anything,
about the lands, or did not mean to do so.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think the amendment the(
Senator suggests will not reach the object he has,
in view unless he amends several sections of the
bill. As the bill now stands, the Union Pacific
Railroad Company is obligated to build a road
from some point opposite to Iowa to the one hun-
dredth mendian, on the terms and conditions on
which they build the trunk line. In this tenth
section that I propose to amend, it is provided that
the Central Pacific railroad, in the State of Cali-
fornia, and the Pawnee Railroad Company, in the
State of Kansas, in the event this Union Pacific
railroad should fail, may proceed to build the main
trunk line. This amendment will require them to
do so, should they step into the condition legally
now occupied by the new incorporation which we
charter in this bill to carry out all the provisions
of the bill with reference to the Iowa branch of the
road. If we obligate them to build this branch
road in theeventthat they supersede the new cor-
poration, I do not propose to embarrass them by
requiring them to build on harder terms than the
new corporation is required to build it on, but to
give them the same advantages precisely that the
new corporation now has in the bill as it stands.
If, however, the Senatorshould carry his amend-
ment in relation to the branches, the whole bill
will have to be modified—not only this section,
but other sections.
The amendment to the amend ment was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to offer the follow-
ing amendment to amend the text of the lull on
the 16th and 17th pages. This is intended to effect
the same thing in relation to the Pacific Railroad
Company should it proceed to build the whole line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will first be read, and then it will be open
to debate.
The Secretary read the amendment on pages 16
and 17, section ten, to strike out the following
words:
Upon the route located east of said State and Territory,
on the terms provided m tins act, until said ro.uls shall
ineet and connect, and the whole line of said raihoad and
telegraph is completed.
And to insert the following words in lieu
thereof:
Through the Territories of the United States totheMis-
souii river, including the branch roads specified in this act
upon the loutes hereinbefoie and hereinafter indicated on
the terms and conditions provided in this act, in relation to
the said Union Pacific ltailroad Oompunj, until snitl ro.uls
shall meet and connect, and the whole iineoi said lailroau
and blanches and telegraph is completed.
Mr. CLARK. That is certainly open to the
objection I mentioned before. It authorizes the
Pacific Railroad Company not only to build the
central toad, but to build a portion of the branches
or all the branches m the Territories. For in-
stance: it authorizes them to go from the one hun-
dredth meridian clear to Sioux City, and to build
a branch upon precisely the same terms as the
central road is built,except for the three hundred
miles where we give double the number of bonds.
I hope that will not be agreed to* because I think
if we asvee to that road from Sioux City to the
main trunk, we should give them nothing but the
lands, and no bonds at ail; but tins ccrtamly will
give them the bonds.
Mr. HARLAN. I have the same answer in
this case that 1 made in the other: if the Pacific
I Railroad Company should take the place of the
| new corporation,then I desire, by the amendment
I propose, that they should be placed in the same
S position precisely, and not be embarrassed; but
I if the Senator's amendment should be carried, and
we require these branch roads to be built on some
j other condition, I desire that that condition shall
i apply to the new corporation as well,
j Mr. CLARK. The difficulty will be that there
i will be a coutiadictiou in the bill. It will pio-
i vide that the Pacific Railroad Company shall go
i through and build the branches, upon the same
ji terms as the central road. That is this provision;
| and then if you alter another part, and provide
I! that they shall have only the land and not bonds,
II you have an incongruity in the bill.
