1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
less and infamous rebellion. I have regarded it
as such from the beginning, and as involving a
groater ilegrre of turpitude and crime than any-
other attempted revolution in the world's history.
I do not pretend to deny but that there were causes
of irritation and discontent; that a large portion
of the northern people had acted in bad faith in
not yielding to, and carrying out in good faith,
the true spirit and purposes of the Federal Con-
stitution ill regard to the rendition of fugitive
slaves. But these things furnished no justification
to these ambitious men for starting a rebellion
like this. And especially was it a most wicked
and unjustifiable step on the part of South Caro-
lina and the other extreme southern States by
which she was encouraged, and all of whose citi-
zens had not suffered as much in any disturbance
of their rights of property as the citizens of one
single county of the district that I have the honor
to represent on this floor.
Mr. Chairman, I have said that these grievances
ought to have been settled; our bleeding country
feels the truth of this remark to-day. In a spirit
of fraternity and union,and led by the same noble
andelevatpd sentiments ofpatriotism whichguided
and controlled the fathers of the Republic in the
formation of the Federal Constitution, they would
have been settled. Surely, sir, there is not a man
holding a seat here, or in the nation, and who is
governed by the noble instincts of patriotism and
humanity, who would not to-day have preferred
the adoption of the compromise offered by my
venerable friend who sits before me, [Mi. Crit-
texden,] or that otfered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] or, indeed, either of the
compromises offered in theThirty-Sixth Congress,
to the present lamentable state o'f things hy which
we find ourselves surrounded. I hear men fre-
quently denounce all compromise; but, sir, what
is government itself but a compromise of conflict-
ingopinionsr How would ourown matchless form
of government ever have been instituted except
by conciliation and compromise r How would the
little State of Rhode Island, ho ably and so hon-
oiably represented here, exett the same influence
m the other end of the capital, m the iegislatiun
of the country, as the great State of New York,
except for the spirit of compromise and conces-
sion which controlled and guided the framers of
flic Federal Constitution ? If such men as George
Washington and John Hancock, Thomas JefTer- i
son and John Adams, could meet in council to-
gether in devising and framing a system of gov-
ernment for themselves and "their posterity, in
comparing and yielding their preconceived indi-
vidual sentiments, in order to form a Constitution i
adapted to the wants and necessities and varied
and discordant interests and dissimilar institu-
tions of the then thirteen colonies, there is no rea-
son why the men of this generation, who have
profited so much by the labors and sacrifices of
these great and good men, should not follow their ,
example, and, in a spirit of peace and concilia-
tion, make to each other such concessions as are i
demanded by thegrowth, the practical necessities, •
and the more enlarged and \aried interests of the
entire country. hi all this, there would have !
been no sacnfice eitherof truth or principle. And
but for this yielding of preconceived notions, we '
might not and would not have been blessed wilh j
the noble form of government under which we |
live,and which has been and can only bepreserved
in all future time by listening to the admonitions
and following the wise example of those who
framed it. We have heaid much about clinging
to ail idea. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fes-
siiXDEs] tells us that he honors the men of •' an
idea to which they cling with the tenacity of
death I" Sit, the men of the American Revolution
weie preeminently meuofideas; but they thought
that it was not best to cling with such tenacity to
a " single idea" as to endanger the great put pose
which they had in view—the founding on tills
continent of a Government dedicated to "the prin-
ciples of civil and religious liberty.
If the doctrine of which we now hear so much,
"no Union with slaveholders," no Union with-
out emancipation, had been proclaimed and ad-
hered to in the convention that framed the Con-
stitution, we all know that the Government under
w Inch we live would never have been < stablislicd.
An attempt to enforce the same thing now will lie
equally fatal to the cause of the Union. It is the
province of wisdom to deal with things as we find
1823
them. There is no practical statesmanship in
clinging to t( an idea," and thereby endangering
the very existence of the Government. Men who
cling with such tenacity to " an idea" may mean
well, but they cannot be safe counselors in times
hke these, when all that we hold dear is so deeply
imperiled. Such men are well described in the
following extract which I recently met with in an
interest/rig book, and which I cordially commend
to the gentleman from Maine, und also the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] and those
who act with them:
" Among the objects of intere-t very often, if not al-
ways, to lie found at the foot of dam? and cataracts, are
what are called 'pothole?.' They are round holes worn
in the solid rook by a single stone kept in motion by the
water. Some of them aie veiv lar e, and others arc small.
When the stream becomes diy tlieie thev are, smooth as if
turned out by machinery, and thehaid round pebbles at the
bottom by winch the cuuous work was done. Eveiy >eur,
as thodty season comes along, we fmd that the hole's have
grown largei, and the pebbles smallei, and that no freshet
lias been found powerful enough to dislodge the pebbles and
release the rock from its attrition.
Now, if a man will turn from the contemplation of one
of those ' pot holes,1 and the means by winch it is made,
ami seek (or that result and that process in the world of
mind, winch most leseinble them, I am «ure that he will
find them m a man of 'one idea ' In truth, these scenes
that I have been painting were ail recalled to me by looking
upon one of tlie-e men, studying his character, and watch-
ing the effect of the ' single idea5 by which he was act-
uated. 'There,' said I involuntarily, < is a moial pot hole
with a pebble in it, and the hole grows laiger and the nub-
ble smaller eveiy year.'
u I suppose it is useless to undertake to icfojin men of
'one idea.' The reai trouble is that the pebble ism them,
and whole freshet* of tnuh aie poured upon them only with
the effect to make it moie lively in its gi Hiding, and more
certain in its ptoeess oi weaun? out itself and them. The
iittle man who, when nideied by hib physician to take a quart I
ot mcdicine, intotmed him with a deprecatoiv whimper '
that he did not hold but a pint, illustrates the capacity of j
many ot those who aie subject* of a 'single idea.' They do !
not hold Inn one, and it would be uscle.-.* to p: escribe a '
laiger nmm>ei. in a country like ours, in which everything
is new, and everybody is fiee, there aie multitude* of sell-
constituted doctors, each oi whom has a nostrum for cm ing
ullphyj-ieal and moral disorders and diseases—a patent pro'-
ce*s by which humanity may achieve us pioudest program
and its evei lasting happiness. The count! y is full of hobby
riders, booted and spin led, who imagine 11 icy at e leading a
giutid iace to a golden goal, fomnrul ot the tmth that their
steeds aie tetlieicd to a single idea, around which thev aie
) evolving otiiv to tread down thegiasr-.and w nul themselves
up, wnoie they mav •Hand atla-n.inud the vvoiIdVridicule,
and stoned to death.*1
Mr. Chairman, I have been taught to believe
(hat the true theory of our Government is, that
" the Federal Constitution and the laws passed in
pursuance thereof" are the " supreme law of the
lanu." Any other view would pioduce an end-
less conflict, and it is the opposite doctrine of
those who attempt to exalt the States above the
General Government, and the piessing of these
claims to an extreme length, which has been largely
instrumental m bringing about the present disas-
trous state of things. Our first and paramount
allegiance is due to the General Government. In
his great speech on the compromise measures of
1850, Henry Clay used the following language:
u If anv one State, or any one portion of the people of
any Stan;, clioo>e to place thein^ Ives in atiay ngauiht the
tJoveinmerit <-t the Union, lam for trying the sticn«thof
tki* Oovprnmcnt.. I am foi a-ceil,unmg'wliether we have a
Government or not, piacticable. efficient, capable of main-
taining it* aiuhouty, and upholding the power* and inter-
cj-t.* which belong to a Government Nor, sir, am I to be
alaimed oi dissuaded iiom any such course hy intimations
ol the sjpilhug or blood. If blood is to be *piit. by whose
hill it if- it to be .spilt' I'pon the supposition, I maintain, it
will bo the fault of tho>e who choose to i.use the stamla'id
of disunion, and endeavor to pro?trate the Government.
And. sii, when that is done, >o long as it plea*?* God to
aivc me a voice to expie-^ my sentiments, oi an aim, weak
and enterbled a> it may be hy ape, that voice and that aim
will be on the side ot my countiy, forth
geneiai autlioiitv, and for the manitenane
of the H'mou.5"1
1 Mippoit ot the
- ol the powei>
I stand upon this doctrine to-day. It is bused
upon the tiue theory of our Government. And
when Missouri, or any other Stab1, shall raise the
standatd ot rebellion, I shall feel that my primary
allegiance is due to the General Government. And
it in a conflict of this kind the nation is involved
in wat, as it now is, and blood be shed, let the
responsibility rest where it properly belongs, on
those who have com me need the con test in striking
the first bh>w and firing the fust gun. And if dis-
astei and rum shall follow the interests and msti-
tutionsof tho.se who have tlmsinvolvedthe nation
in an unfuitunate and bloody contest to maintain
its own existence, I have that confidence in the
courage and integrity of the masses thatthey will,
in due season, visit upon the heads of the guilty au-
thors of those troubles that punishment which they
so justly merit. Acquiescence in the election of
Mr. Lincoln, and which was the patriotic duty of
every citizen of the Republic, would have saved us
all the fearful struggle and all the sacrifices which
we have been compelled, individually and as a
nation, to make. If he had erred in his adminis-
trative duties, the party in power, by an appeal to
theintelligenceand patriotism of thepeople, would
only have had a brief existence of four years.
That no great harm could have befallen any
particular interest, is known by the factthatevcry
other department of the Government stood politi-
cally opposed to him, and with a majority in each
House of Congress. But the "fiat" had gone
forth. Demagogues and traitors had partially
ptepared the public mind, and they were ready to
enter upon their bloody experiment. And what
was the Government to' do? Must it yield to the
demand of these maddened leaders? Must the
nation's life be sacrificed, and without an effort to
preserve it? Shall our nationality be destroyed,
and the Government of the United States struck
from the map of the nations of the earth? Shall
we be placed in the condition of a second-rate
Power r Shall we give up the prestige and glory
of our great name? Shall we be unmindful of the
hallowed memories of the past, and our greatob-
ligations to the future?
Sir, man might as well have looked for the great
luminary of day to be struck from the heavens
without a convulsion in the material world, or the
cross of our Saviour to be darkened and obscured
without a pang to the heart of Christianity, as to
have seen this great nation, now known and hon-
ored throughout all the earth, to die without a
struggle more teriible than any which the world
has witnessed, since the " morning stars sang
sweetly together." There was but one course for
the President of the United States to pursue—meet
the obligations ofhis oath, "to take care that the
laws were faithfully executed,5' and to the best
<#t his ability " pieserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution ot the United States;" and in the
discharge of these high and imperative duties he
was entitled to the sympathy and snppoi t ofevery
loyal and patriotic citizen of the Republic. No
partisan zeal, no past or present difference of
opinion on mere political topics, no hostility to
supposed extreme theories held by the party in
power, no sickly or morbid sympathy with those
who were aiming a fatal stab at the nation's heart,
ought to have prevented us from coming to the
rescue, and saving the life of the Republic.
Sir, it i.s idle to say that in meeting this great
crisis the President has violated the Constitution
of his country. It may be that, in some instances,
doubtful powers may have been exercised, and
the Constitution not strictly observed. But who
caused these things? And with what bad grace
does an objection of this kind come from the lips
of those who, disregarding all the precepts of our
beloved Washington, as contained in his Farewell
Address, and the teachings of the great and good
men of all parties throughout the history of the
( Republic, with sacrilegious hands have torn in
! shreds the very charter of our liberties ? Who put
j in peril the existence of the nation, and by their
I act threatened to turn back the tide of civilization
j and of moral and intellectual progress upon the
continent? How can these men who have attempt-
j ed to tear up the tree of liberty, root and branch,
■ complain ot those who, in order to preserve it,
; have only plucked a twig here and there from its
j ample boughs? Sir, it was either unconditional
I surrender to rebellion, and thuspermit the nation
] to die, or to resist it with all the power which the
; Constitution had lodged in the hands of the Prcs-
j ident, in order to "defend, preserve, and protect
it!" And, sir, whatever may be the judgment of
the present hour, the giatitude of the nation and
of mankind will be due to those who may save the
Republic from overthrow.
Lovers of peace, looking with dread and horror
upon the fratiicidal conflict which now pierces
their hearts with agony; were willing to let the se-
ceded States go, in the vain hope that this might
have prevented the shedding of blood ! and under
the influence of the " sober second thought"they
might have returned. Vain delusion ! There couW
be no such thing as peaceable secession. Listen
t<^that man of great lenowti, the favorite son of
Acic England, but whose fame has added to his
country's glory:
" Peaceable secession ! Peaceable secession ! Sir, your
