802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
not see that you disgrace your Government? Do
you iibt see that you reduce the credit of your se-
curities one and all? I simply ask gentlemen of
the-Senate to reconsider their vote. I will accept
seven and three tenths per cent. I will accept any-
thing but a disgraceful depreciation of eight per
cent, on our securities at this time. I hope the
Senator from Rhode Island will accept seven and
three tenths per cent.
Mr. DIXON. Say seven.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept anything that
will not depreciate our own paper. Seven per
cent, would suit me better, and six per cent, bet-
ter than that; and I would accept anything but
eight. For God's sake, do notgive eight per cent,
now to depreciate and destroy the value of the se-
curities which you now have before the country
and before the world.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator from Mich-
igan is right. If he had stated that reason in the
first place, 1 would have voted with him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is on con-
currence. Can a motion be made now to insert
the amount the Senator from Michigan has sug-
gested, seven and three tenths per cent. ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. If that amount is considered too
large, I will move to insert seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Michigan that he can move to amend the
amendment as it stands by changing it to seven
and three tenths per cent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I make that
motion to insert that amount, seven and three
tenths per cent., the same as we are now paying
for $150,000,000, instead of eight per cent.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment of the
committee to insert a new section as section four
was not agreed to last night. The Senate not
having a quorum, there was no vote taken; and
rather than raise the question, I allowed it to be
struck out. I now move to insert as section four
the following:
Sec- 4. And he it further enactcd, That the Socretaiy of
the Treasury may receive fiorn any pei<ou or persons, or
any corporaiion. United States notes on deposit for not less
than thirty days, tn Mima of not loss than $.j0J, with any of
the Assistant Treasurer or designated depositaries o( the
United States authorized by the Secretary ofthe Ti cat-ury to
receive them,who shall issue theiefor certificates of deposit,
mado in such form as the Seoietary of the Treasury shall
proscribe, and said certificates of deposit fchall bear interest
at the rate of five per cent, per annum ; and anv amount ot
United States notes so deposited may be withdi.iwn lioui
deposit at any time on the return of said certificates : Pro-
vided, That the interest on all such deposits shall cense and
determine at the pleasure of the Secretary of the Treasury:
And provided farther, That the asgie^atc of puch deposits
shall at no lithe exceed the amount ot $23,000,000.
Mr.KING. ThcScnatorfiomOhio [Mr.Sher-
man] objected to this amendment yesterday, and,
1 thought, showed us very good reasons why it,
ought not to be adopted. Another reason, not
mentioned by him, occurs ttfme upon hearing the
amendment uistiuctly read again. It is this: ac-
cording to one provision of the amendment, but
ยง25,000,000 of these notes can be thus deposited
upon interest at five per cent., and the party de-
positing has the entiie advantage of the note and
currency while lie is receiving his five per cent,
upon the deposit. lie is able to withdiaw it at
any time, and can take his interest and convert it
into a note. He is receiving interest on that loan,
which is like a loan at will, to be withdrawn when-
ever he chooses and then to be used as currency
again. If this privilege exists at all, it seems to
me it should exist for all; but I am against it to
any. I believe that it will give no additional se-
curity to .theTreasury notes, and will crcate great
embarrassment. Undoubtedly there will be a
great many <vho -vill seek to avail themselves of
this privilege. The banks especially, and wealthy
individuals who wiLl have a large amount of these
notes, will desire to avad themselves of this inter-
est; and if aay emergency in the market comes
along by v/hich they can use them, they have them
not in the condition of bonds on which they are
getting interest, but in the condition of cash upon
which they are getting interest. They are, able
to withdraw thow at pleasure, and use them for
various purposes, purchasing bonds or anything
elge in the market. I think it a very unwise and
unsafe provision. If will give rise to a great deal
of trouble from the contest for favor in reference
to the grant of this privilege, which is conceded
to only a part of those who hold these notes. I
hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I propose to amend the
amendment by striking out tn the fourth line the
word " five" and inserting " one." The effectof
this amendment will be to allow deposits to be
made m sums of one hundred instead of five hun-
dred dollars. It was suggested, as an objection to
this provision, that the sums being put at ยง500
would prevent small holders depositing amounts
and receiving their interest, and would confine it
to the large holders of notes. I was at the Treas-
ury Department this morning in company with
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,] and
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Trumbull,] and this matter came up %r discus-
sion; and the Secretary himself said it would not
seriously inconvenic-nccthe offices,and he thought
the amendment would be a just and a wise one.
I think we were authorized by him, and I will
refer to my friend from Illinois, as well as to the
Senator from New York, to say that this propo-
sition to change the right to deposit in sums of
$500 to the right to deposit in sums of $100, en-
abling the small holder to derive his interest as
well as the holderofa sum overfive hundred dol-
lars, would meet with his approbation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will accept the modifi-
cation, if the Secretary recommends it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment being accepted by the
mover, it is part of the amendment, and the ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In answer to the Senator
from New York, I wish simply to say, tins amend-
ment as it stands was drawn by the Scctctary of
the Treasury, with his own hand. Helms repeat-
edly said he believed it,to be an important provis-
ion to give currency to these notes, and that it was
well guarded; in the, first place, being limited to
$25,000,000, and, in the next place, it being in
the power of the Secretary, by a proviso, to stop
it at any time he pleases. I said yesterday, and
I say again, that in ail these matters of detail not
involving a principle which foices itself upon my
mmd strongly, 1 believe the Secretary of the
Treasury knows much more about itthan I do, or
than any of us, however much respect I may have
for financial men in the Senate, and I do not think
it would be wise to refuse, on our part, what he
asks. I prefer, if he wishes it, that he should
have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly all oftis can un-
derstand this provision. There is nothing com-
plicated about it. This purports to be a bill, as I
understand it, authorizing the issue of Treasury
notes, without interest; and here is a provision for
putting a portion of them on interest, or the same
thing as if a part of them were issued on interest,
to what 1 think will turn out to be a favored por-
tion of the community. I do not profess to know
much about financial matters. Unlike the Sena-
tor from Michigan, I nevei had very much to do
with money, or money much to do with me; but
1 will illustrate what 1 suppose will be the effect
of this fourth section by a reference to what occurs
in the city where i live, a town of some eight
or ten thousand inhabitants. We have a bonk
there. The, ordinary sum of deposits in thatbank,
per annum, 1 think, is about two hundred thou-
sand dollars. Our business in the city of Alton,
after the passage of this bill, I presume will be
done dually upon Treasury notes. We have no
banks of any considerable circulation in Illinois
at this time. Our banking system has all broken
down within the last year or two, and these notes
will go into circulation. The business men of
Alton will deposit in the Alton bank, as they have
always done, and upon these deposits they will
receive no interest. But the bank will redeposit
them in the sub-Treasury and draw an inteiest of
five per ccnt. Theie is the whole of it. They
are habto to be drawn out at any time from the
eub-Treasury, where they are deposited,and the
banker or the broker, avS the case may be, gets
the benefit of the interest The mass of the people
will get no interest. Although it is rcduccd by an
amendment, made at the suggestion of the Senator
from California, to sums of ^100, very few per-
sons who will have the hundred dollars wilt avail
themselves, probably, of this provision. Theex-
pense and inconvenience of doing so will be such
as to prevent it. It does seem to me, as we are
issuing Treasury notes without interest, that we
ought not to make this exception in favor of
$25,000,000 of them. I have said all I desire to
say about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. The object of the amend-
ment is this: hanks, bankers, moneyed individ-
uals, men with surplus in every city and State
throughout the United States, who have more of
these notes on hand than they can use in their le-
gitimate business can go to the Treasury of the
United States and deposit these notes and draw
five per cent, interest. It virtually amounts to
borrowing so much capital from moneyed men,
from one end of this Union to the other, at five
per cent. I will suppose that I was a banker.. I
have $10,000 of these Treasury notes and no use
for them. 1 must stop receiving them or close my
banking office, unless lean place them somewhere
where they can draw me an interest. By this
section I am enabled to go to the sub-Treasury or
the agent of the United States and deposit that
$10,000 and draw five per cent., and continue to
receive these notes, because, after having depos-
ited that $10,000, if my business will permit me to
accumulate and deposit another $10,000, I know
where I can place them. But suppose I have no
place where I can put the. first $10,000, shall I
continue to receive these notes > Of course I would
not. It would be a dead weight upon me. I can-
not use them. I have no place in which to put them;
and this you will find to be the effect throughout
the length and breadth of the land. Unless you
have some safety-valve, some place where you
can keep them out of the way, of course men will
shutup their banking offices and their banks; they
will not receive your Treasury notes, and they
will not receive anything. They had better close
their banks than to lock up their entire capital
without interest.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. What benefit is the United
States to derive from this deposit''
Mr. FESSENDEN. It borrows money at five
Mr. CHANDLER. ThcUnited States receives
these notes on deposit, and again reissues them*,
but perhaps my colleague will ask how is the in-
dividual benefited? Why,sir,he receives to-day
$500 or $5,000, and he deposits it and he accepts a
cei tificate. To-morrow he receives $500 or $5,000
from somebody else, and is prepared to pay this
certificate of the funds for which he obtained the
certificate yesterday; and it keeps up a continued
circulation. The Government is benefited be-
cause itbonows money at five per cent. It re-
ceives these notes and reissues them the riextday.
The individual is benefited; the people are bene-
fited; the country is benefited. What benefit is
to be derived from prohibiting their deposit in this
way, when no use can be made of them ?
Mr. HOWARD. The notes are not on interest.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course not; but they
are issuable and reissuable by this Government.
If they issue $150,000,000 to-day, and they owe
$200,000,000, and $50,000,000 are received to-day
at five per ccnt., they pay their $200,000,000 to-
morrow. They are valuable to this Government
because they are equivalent to gold and silver.
They are valuable to the hanker only so far as
they will bring him a revenue. They will bring
him a revenue so far as he can use them with indi-
viduals or with the Government. If you strike
that out, you virtually say they are not good be-
yond the immediate wants of the individual or
the bank or the association; and whenever they
have got all they can use of them, they may-shut
up their banks, shut up their moneyed institu-
tions. They are compelled to receive them, but
they cannot use them; that is all.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The effect of this section,
so far as the $25,000,000 of these notes which may
be deposited in the sub-Tieasury to bo taken out
on call, is concerned is, as a matter of course, to
prevent, to a certain extent, *,25,000,000 from be-
ing funded m the stocks of tin* Government. The
inteiest on these deposits is too high; and inas-
much as we are figuring up seven and three tenths
per cent. I think it is, and three and sixty-five
