1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24.
eve* and mine arc not destined to see that miracle! The
dismemberment  f this vast country without convulsion !
The breaking up of the great fountains of the deep without
rippling tlie surface I"
The very idea of division brings to mind at once
a thousand causes that would lead to strife and
war. Onegreatinducementwiththosewho formed
the American Union was to prevent forever those
intestine feuds, and ever present dangers which
would spring up between independent States.
Questions of boundary, of revenues, of large
standing armies, of commerce on the sea and on
the land, of the free navigation of our great rivers,
these, and all other questions which from the be-
ginning of time have been the foundation of na-
tional disputes and endless wars among the nations
of the earth, would have existed in full force here.
It is far better, if fight we must, to preserve the
grandeur and glory of the nation, than, by sepa-
ration, to lay the foundation of perpetual strife
with our posterity throughout all coming time.
Never, Mr. Chairman, in the history of the na-
tion, was there a time when we so much needed
prudent and wise counselors as at the present
hour. While our armies are advancing with suc-
cess, and victory is shouted from every battle-
field, a single false step taken here may convert
all into Dead sea fruit." Discarding all Uto-
pian dogmas, let us look steadily and only to the
maintenance of the authority of the General Gov-
ernment, and the preservation of the Federal
Union.
" Let all the ends thou aimest at be thy coun-
try's." Let not the people be deceived and de-
luded in regard to the objects of this war. Let
us stand firmly by the resolution passed, with
such great unanimity, at the extra session in July
last:
That this wai is not waged on nui part in any spirit of
oppression, 1101 {or any puipose ofconquest or subjugation,
nor piupo-e of overthrowing 01 mtetleimg with the rights
and established institutions of those States, but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of tlie Constitution and to
preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights
ol the scveial States unimpaired, and that as soon as these
objects are accomplished, the war ought to cease."
In most of what I have seen coming fioni the
pen of the Piesidontof the United Slates since his
inauguration—in his messages to Congress, in his
instructions to our ministers abroad, and in tlie
general influence and tendency of his administra-
tion,as so eloquently and ably shown by Ihe gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhkes] a few days
since, I am cheered with the beliefthat he fully
sanctions all that is contained in the foregoing res-
olution. In regard to the resolution which passed
this House a few days since, and which accom-
panied the special message of the President, while
1 thought its introduction ill-timed, there were
nevertheless great principles recognized in it,
which I cheerfully indorse:
1. That Congress has no constitutional power
to interfere with the institution of slavery in any
State where it exists.
2. That to the States themselves belong the
exclusivccontrol of the institution of slavery within
their respective borders.
3. That if at any time the people of any State
should choose to adopt a system of gradual eman-
cipation, the General Government ought to ex-
tend pecuniary aid to compensate the owners of
slaves foi any losses which they might sustain
gi owing out of the change of system.
I repeat that the principle of this resolution is
right; the time of its introduction was unfoitunate,
and especially the indecent haste in which it was
hurried through, without giving the Representa-
tives from those States most deeply interested an
opportunity even of consulting upon the subject.
For one, I do not doubt the pan iotic intentions of
the President in sending here this message and
resolution. I believe that his object was to check
the progress of radical measures. The people
watch with great anxiety the course of the Admin-
istration; and in order that the purposes of the
President may bo distinctly known, I shall take j
the hbeity of requoting here some passages from !
his messages, and also from instructions given by \
him to our ministers abroad. !
In hia inaugui.il address, the President used the !
following language: !
Apprehension seeing to exist among the people* of the
southern State?, that, by the accession of a Republican Ad- ;
ministration their pioperty and their peace and peisomd ]
secunty are to be endangered. There has never been any i
reasonable cause for tueh apprehension, fndaedjthemoct :
| ample evidence to the contMry has all th«j while existed,
j and been open to their inspection. Jt irf tound in neaily
all the published speeches of iiim who now addresses you.
I do but quote from one of those speeches, when I deelaie
that' 1 have no purpose, directly oi indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery in the States wlieie it ex-
ists.' 1 believe I have no lawful right to do so; and I have
no inclination to do so. And, more than this, they placed
in the platform, for my acceptance, and as a law to them-
selves and to me, the clear and emphatic resolution which
I now read:
t% i Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the right of each State to order
and control its own domestic institutions according to its
own judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of
power on which the perfection and endurance of our po-
litical fabric depend; and we denounce the lawless inva-
sion by armed lorce of the soil of any State or Tenitoiy,
no matter under what pretext, as among the giavest of
crimes.'
"I now reiterate these sentiments; and in doing sol
only press upon the public attention the most conclusive
evidence of which the case is susceptible, that the piopeily,
peace, and secutity of no section aie to be in anywise en-
dangered by the now incoming Administration.
<kI add, too, that all the protection which, consistently
with the Constitution and the laws, can be given will be
cheerfully given to ail the Slates when lawfully demanded,
for whatever cause, as cheerfully to one section as to
anothci." * * * * * * * *
" I hold that in the contemplation of universal law and
of the Constitution, the union of these States is peipetual."
"It follows ftom these views that no State, upon its own
mere motion, can lawfully get out of the Union; that re-
solves and oidmances to that effect are legally void; and
that acts of violence w ithin any State or States against the
authority of the United States are insurrectionary or revo-
lutionary, according to circumstances.
<;I therefoie consider, that, in view of the Constitution
and the laws, the Union is unbroken."
In the message the President laid before Con-
gress at the special session in July last, he referred
back to these just and pointed declarations, and
applied them expressly to the condition of the
rebel States after the rebellion should be sup-
pressed. With most wise and fortunate antici-
pation he then said:
" Lest there be some uneasiness in the minds of candid
men as to what is to be the course of the Government to-
wards the southern States after the rebellion «hail have
bcf>n suppressed, the Executive d«*ems it propei to say it
will be his purpose then, as ever, to be guided by the Con-
stitution and the laws; and that he will piohabiv have no
different understanding of the powers and duties of the Fed-
eral Government relatively to the rights of the Slates and
the people under the Constitution than that expressed in
the Iuauguial addiess."
This is full and explicit. It is unmistakable.
It leaves no room for doubt.
In stiict eonfoimity to this view, Mr. Seward,
in his letter of instructions, in April last, to Mr.
Dayton, our minister at Paris, said:
c< 1 need not fmther clnboiate the proposition that the
levolution i> without a cause ; it has not even a pretext.
" It is ju>t as clear that it is without an object. Moral
and physical causes have deteimined inflexibly the chuiuc-
tei of/'aoh one of the Territories ovei which the dispute
lias arisen, and both parties after the election harmoniously
agieed on all the Federal laws reqiuicd lor their organiza-
tion. The Territories will remain in all respects the s.ame,
whether the i evolution shall succeed or shall fail. The
condition of slaveiy m the several States will remain just
the same whether it suecced or fail. There is not even a
pietext tor the complaint that the disaffected States are to
be conquered by the United States if the levolution fail;
toi the lights ot the States and the condition of every hu-
man being in them will remain subject to exactly the same
laws and foi ms of administration whether the levolution
shall succeed oi fail. In the one case the States would be
li'deially connected with the new confedeiacj ; in the other,
they would, as now, be members of the United States ; but
their constitutions and laws, customs, habits, and institu-
tions, in either ease, will lemain the same.
" 1L is haidly nocessaiy to add to this incontestable state-
ment the fin ther fact tha't the new President, as well as the
citizens thiough whose suffrage's he has come into the Ad-
mmist/ation, iias always lepadiated all designs whatever
and whenever imputed to him and them of distuibmg the
system of slavery as it is existing under the Constitution
and laws. The ease, however, would not be fully presented
if I weie to omit to sa\ that any such dibit on Ins pait
would be unconstitutional; and all hi*? actions in that di-
rection would be prevented by the judicial authonty, even
though they were assented to by Congress and the people."
Of the same tenor are Mr. Seward's instructions
on this point to our minister at London in the same
month of the same year. I make the following
pregnant extracts from this elaborate paper:
'•"X'liemovi*inont,tl)cii:foic,in theopmion oftlie President,
tendo directly to anarchy in the seceding States, a& similar
movements in sinnlai circumstances have ahcady lesulted
in Spanish America, and especially inMexico. He believes,
nevertheless, that tlie citizens of tlio&e States, as well as
the citizens of the other States, are too intelligent, consid-
erate, and wise to follow the leaders to that disastious end.
Foi these reasons, he would not be disposed to reject a
e.udaial dogma of theirs, namely, that the Federal Govern-
ment could not reduce the seceding States to obedience by
conquest, even although he were disposed to question that
pioposition. Uut, in tact, the Piesideut willingly accepts
it as true. Only an imperial or despotic Government could
subjugate thoroughly disaffected and insurrectionary mem-
bers ot the State. This Fedeial,iepublican syftem of ours
is, of all forms of government, the very one which is most
unfitted for such a labor. Happily, however, this is only
an imaginary defect. The system has within itself ade-
quate, peaceful, conservative', and lecuperative forces."
■* + ■*•****##■*
"You will indulge in no expicssions of harshness or dis-
respect, or even impatience, concerning the seceded States,
their agents, or their people; but you will, on the contrary,
all the while remember that those States are now, as they
always heretofore have been, and, notwithstanding their
tempoiary self-delusion, they must always continue to be,
equal and honored members of this Fedeial Union, and
that their citizens, throughout all political misunderstand-
ings and alienations, still are, and always must be, our
kindred and countrymen."
These views are sound, and must be indorsed
by every just-thinking man. Surrounded as he
is by the greatest difficulties and with responsi-
bilities resting upon him that no other President
ever had, it is right for me to express the convic-
tion that from all I have seen of him and heard
from him, Abraham Lincoln is governed by a
sincere and patriotic desire to save the Constitu-
tion as it is, and to prevent the overthrow of the
Government. To him the people look, and in
their behalf I make the appeal, not only to him,
but to that large, controlling, and conservative
element in the Republican party which elected
him to stand by their country, and to prevent those
excesses in legislation which must not only tend
to prolong the war, enlarge the proportions of this
already overgrown rebellion, and lay the founda-
tion, eternal and enduring, of the most relentless
and bitter hatred betwixt the two sections of
country.
Acting upon the theory that the Federal Union
remains unbroken, that all ordinances passed for
this purpose are unconstitutional, and therefore
null and void, that the authority of the Govern-
ment is only for the time being suspended in those
States that have seceded, and that all laws passed
by Congress will, in the end, be observed and ex-
ecuted m those States, it is at once apparent that
with the accumulated debt of the rebellion in the
southern States, superadded to their full propor-
tion of the taxes which must be levied to pay the
expenses of tlie war and to sustain the public
credit, that their burdens for years to come must
be very oppressive, far more so than those of the
people of the loyal States.
How far and in what form either the principles
of justice or of necessity shall require these peo-
ple to be subjected to still fuither exactions, be-
come questions of the gravest importance, and
requiring the forecast and sound judgment of the
most experienced statesmanship. Shall they be
required, in common parlance, to " foot the bill,"
and to pay all the expenses occasioned by this
wicked revolt? Will you pass laws confiscating
the property of all those who have taken up arms
against the Government, and who have in any
way given "aid and comfort" to the rebellion?
Will you pass acts emancipating the slaves in the
southern States? Will you even go so far as to
pass laws emancipating the slaves of those who
have been actively engaged in the rebellion? Will
you blot out State lines, as has been proposed in
the other end of the Capitol, and convert the whole
southern country into territorial dependencies to
be controlled and governed by officers appointed
by the General Government?
Mr. Chairman, upon the answer to these solemn
questions hangs yet the destiny of the nation. If
in the affirmative, then the Government is lost,
and the sun of liberty will go down upon this con-
tinent in a sea of blood! Perhaps, sir, I owe as
little to secession as any other member on this
floor. The sanctity of my hearthstone has been
violated, and my rights trampled under foot by
these lawless men. But rising above all questions
of personal feeling and party animosity, and look-
ing alone to the safety of my country and the
welfare of the whole people, 1 am at present op-
posed to any and all of these extreme measures.
They cannot be adopted without dome: the great-
est injustice to thousands of faithful Union men
to be found in every southern State, and who,
with grateful hearts, will gladly welcome the old
flag, that bright" banner of beauty and of glory,'"
and dedicate their lives to its defense whenever
they may dare to do so. Our first and highest
duty is to suppress the rebellion, and whatever
legislation may be neccssary within our constitu-
tional power to do this let it be had.
Further than this, it is needless, nay, it is dan-
