304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2i,
3Tth Cong....2d Sess.
The Confiscation Bill—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
been driven into the rebellion by superior force
and irresistible pressure.
But,sir, for what purpose is this seizure made
by the President and by his marshals? "What is
the object of it? Is it to assist in prosecuting the
war? Is it treated as a measure of war, as a means
of carrying on the war, the object of which is to
put down and crush the rebellion ? No, sir; that is
not the object of the bill. The object of the bill
in that respect must be ascertained from the lan-
guage which it uses. I call the attention of Sen-
ators to that language. It is as follows:
And to hold and possess such property for the United
States, to secure the appearance of the offender to take his
trial and abide such punishment as shall be adjudged against
him.
It is, therefore, for the express purpose of se-
curing the appearancc of the offender to take his
trial and abide such punishment as shall be ad-
judged against him; of course, after a trial in a
court of justice. The whole proceeding relates,
and is confined, to a court of justice. The end
and object of the seizure lire, the insuring the ap-
pearance of the owner in court, his trial in court,
and his punishment by sentence of the court. It
is part and parqel of a criminal prosecution in a
court of justice, and it is nothing else.
And here I beg to call the attention of my friend
from New Hampshire to another important defect
in his bill. On looking into it he will discover
that it contains no provision whatever by which
the property seized is placed within the jurisdic-
tion of the court, or in any way subjected to the
orders of the court where the prosecution is had.
The court have nothing to do with the property,
it is not placed in its possession, and, of course,
it has no jurisdiction or power over it. It is to
be held by the President of the United States or
his officer's, and only by him or them, " until the
owners thereof can be proceeded against by legal
prosecution; and, if convicted, until the property
can be levied upon, or be declared forfeited to the
United States, as herein provided." Then fol-
lows the further provision:
And if the owner of said property shall be discharged on
trial, or sooner, by order of tiie court, said property or the
pioceeds thcieof, if the same shall have been sold, shall be
loturned to said owner.
Thus it is to be held for an indefinite period of
time, and for the specific purpose of insuring the
appearance of the offender in court, and to answer
to an indictment which may be there found against
him, and upon which he maybe tried and may be
convicted. The bill proceeds, and in section seven
provides:
That if the owner of any property which may be seized,
as aforesaid, shall flee from justice so that he cannot be
brought to trial upon indictment found, and a return upon
the process ior Ins airest that he cannot be found, an order
shall he made by the court where saul indictment is pending
requiring such person to appear before said court at such
time as majf be fixed therein—
That is, fixed in the order of the court—
and take his trial upon pain of forfeiture of all his property,
and the liberation of all his slaves, if he shall fail te do so;
which order shall be published in such manner and for such
time nw the court may determine ; and if such person shall
not appear and take his tiial as required—
That is, as required by the order to be made by
the court—
such 'person shall he taken and deemed to have renounced all
claim to any property which may have been seized as afore-
said, or of which he shall he the owner—
Whether seized or not seized—
and he and his heirs shall he forever barred jrem making any
claim or maintaining any action jor the recovei y thereof, hut
the same shall he forfeited and become the property of the
United States, and Ids slaves, if any, shall he jt ee.
There is the essence of the bill. The property
is seized for a judicial purpose; itis seized in order
to constrain the owner when he shall be indicted,
but of course not before, to come voluntarily into
court, and there answer the indictment that may
be found against him by a grand jury under the
bill. The property is taken; it is held; it is used;
" rented or occupied," in the language of the bill,
for that purpose, and for no other purpose; and
ill case the accused person does not, within the
time limited by the order, voluntarily come into
court and put in his plea to the indictment which
has been found, then the moment the fact of the
publication of the order has been sufficiently evi
denced to the court and made matter of record', the
title of the owner ceases absolutely, and from that
time forth, and by the law itself, without any ju-
dicial sentence or any judicial examination as to
the nature of the title, or the ownership of the
property, the title itself passes, ipso facto, from the
proper owner to the United States; and not only
of all the property which has been seized, but all
other property, real and personal, of the accused;
and he is held to have renounced for himself and
his heirs-at-iaw all right, claim, and title, to the
whole, whether seized or unseized, for all time to
come. Such, sir, is the progress and such the final
result of this criminal prosecution in cases where
the owner has not voluntarily appeared in court
and pleaded to the indictment. No one can d^ny
that it is a criminal prosecution in the strictest
sense of the term. By the plain terms of the bill
the seizure is notto promote the war, but the pros-
ecution. It performs no other office, has no end
in view but the prosecution. It looks to that, and
that only, as the end to be attained, and is as es-
sential a part of the whole proceeding as the indict-
ment itself, so far as the forfeiture is concerned.
Sir, with the utmost respect for the advocates
of this bill, and with a feeling of pain and reluct-
ance on my own part, 1 am impelled to declare that
I regard the provisions to which I have thus spe-
cially called the attention of the Senate as almost
an insult to a lawyer who professes to have a com-
petent knowledge of the principles of criminallaw,
and of the principles of the Constitution of the
United States. Sir, I hold the provision relating
to this seizure and forfeiture to be totally void,
totally without warrant in the Constitution, and
not only withoutwarrantand authority in theCon-
stitution, butabsolutely and in plain terms prohib-
ited. And the question now is, whether, entertain-
ing these views, if there are any Senators besides
myself who entertain them, we can be called upon
to vote for such a bill as this ? I cannot so vote.
Sir, I will not talk about conscientious scruples
respecting points of law, whether constitutional
or otherwise, for I do not think that with a mere
naked question of law addressed to our judgments,
understandings, conscience has anything to do.
We are sworn to support the Constitution, to be
sure, and that oath is binding upon our con-
sciences, but we are sworn to support it as it was
intendeo by its framers. To ascertain this inten-
tion involves merely exercise of the intellect, and
having honestly employed our powers for that
purpose there rests upon us as little responsibil-
ity to conscience as if we were seeking to solve a
problem of mathematics or history.
Now, sir, I shall not accuse those gentlemen
who entertain different view's from mine on this
subject of being guilty of perjury; I shall not
assume to mount the judgment seat and to pro-
nounce the doom of perjurers against those who
may advocate this bill, because they happen to
differ from me on a question of pure constitutional
law. I think I have charity enough to pay a
proper rcspect for their opinions, and it will not
interrupt in the slightest degree the friendly rela-
tions which exist between them and me that we
happen to differ onmost important question of
constitutional law. But, sir, seeing, as I think 1
do, a direct and positive prohibition in the Con-
stitution against the passage of such provisions,
it will be in vain for them to appeal to me for my
vote in support of the amendment offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire. I cannot vote for
it because I will not consciously violate the Con-
stitution. Let them put confiscation upon its true
ground; let them say to the country, " we resort
to confiscation as a measure of war, as a measure
to cripple the enemy, by seizing and using his
property as a means of putting down this rebel-
lion, as a means of executing that clause of the
Constitution which enjoins upon us the duty of
putting down the rebellion and insurrection;" let
them use it and speak of it and treat of it as a
means of war, as an instrumentality for annoying
and crippling and subduing the rebels, and so far
as I can go I will go; but do not let them expect
me to follow them when, instead of coming out
boldly and manfully and proclaiming to the world
that they resort to confiscation as a war measure,
they endeavor to cover themselves with the judi-
cial robes and to hide themselves behind the bench
of a court of justice. Do not let them seek con-
cealment in the ermine, and attempt to employ
the power of the judiciary in perpetrating one of
the grossest violations of the Constitution, in my
view, that ever was proposed in Congress.
Sir, such is the proceeding in court contem-
plated by this bill. It cannot be regarded as a trial.
Nobody will pretend that the proceeding called
for is a trial, but everybody, I take it, without ex-
ception, will admit that the proceeding which I
have thus referred to is a criminal prosecution.
Is it not? Will my friend from New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] rise in his place and say that the
proceeding required by the bill is not a criminal
prosecution ? Will my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] pretend for a moment that it is not a
criminal prosecution? Will any one pretend that
this entire proceeding, from beginning to end, has
not in view the punishment of a traitor in a court
of justice? All will admit it. And yet it is idle
to pretend that this deprivation of property is th«
result of a trial. A trial in a criminal prosecution
must be by jury. Section two of article three of
the Constitution provides that " the trial of all
crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall be
byjury." A trial can take place in no other way.
Well, here is your crime charged in the indict-
ment on the files of the court; John Doe is charged
with treason in a formal indictment: how is that
crime to be tried? The Constitution says that
" the trialof all crimes, except in casesof impeach-
ment, shall be byjury." This proceeding for the
forfeiture of the property does not contemplate the
intervention of a jury at all. There is no jury
called, although it is, as I said before, a formal pros-
ecution for the crimes of treason and rebellion.
The prosecution must be instituted either for the
crime of treason, which is referred to in section
one, or of some one of the crimes created by the
bill itself, in section two. That section I will read:
Sec. S. Jindhe it further enacted, That if any person shall
hereafter incite, set on foot, assist, or engage in any rebel-
lion or insurrection against the authority of the United
States, or the laws thereof, or shall give aid or comfort there-
to,or shall engage in, or give aid and comfort to, any such
existing rebellion or insurrection, and be convicted thereof,
such person shall be punished by the forfeiture of all his per-
sonal property of every kind whatsoever, including choses
in action, and by the forfeiture of his life estate in anyreal
property of which he maybe the owner, wherever situated
within the United States, and by the liberation of all his
slaves, if any he have; and all such property, excluding
slaves, shall be forfeited to the United States.
The proceeding is instituted for the purpose of
punishing in court some person guilty either of
treason or of one of these subordinate offenses,
analogous to treason. It is, therefore, to all intents
and purposes, a criminal prosecution. You have
an indictment to be found by a grand jury. That
iscertainly a sufficient indication that it is a crim-
inal prosecution. But, sir, the Constitution con-
tains some further clauses to which I call the atten-
tion of Senators. Article six of the amendments
declares that—
"In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury ofthe
State"and district wherein the crime shall have been com-
mitted."
Ifit is a criminal prosecution, as I have shown
it to be, then it can only be proceeded with by
the intervention of a traverse jury to ascertain the
guilt or the innocence of the accused, in the usual
forms of law. Here there is no jury called when
the owner is to be deprived of his property on a
charge of crime. Article fifth of the amendments
declares that—
"No person shall be held to answer for a capita! or other-
wise intamous crime"—
Certainly the crimes described here are all of
them infamous—
" unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury,
except in eases arising in the land or naval forces, orinthe
militia when in actual service m time of war or public
danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same of-
fense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb ; nor shall
be compelled, in any criminal case, to be a witness against
himself, nor be deprived oflife, liberty, or property without
due process of law."
I shall not stop to investigate the question
whether the clause I have last read justly relates
to any other cases but criminal cases. I think the
intention of the framers of that amendment was
to confine it to criminal proceedings, and to crim-
inal proceedings alone. Certainly this must be
admitted to be a criminal prosecution; and what
ever else the provision may mean, it certainly does
mean that in criminal prosecutions no person shall
be deprived of his property without due process
of law. Before a trial lias taken place in a Fed-
