THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI-VES, WASHINGTON,- D. C.
New Series. No. 17,5.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1862.
road out two hundred miles from navigation and
trade.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remind my friend that
there is already a corporation in his own State
that is under obligations, not only by contract but
by treaty stipulations with the United States and
"with Indian tribes, if a company can make a treaty
stipulation, to build a railroad which is made one
of the branches of this road, and I do not think
there is any practical difficulty. If the law author-
izes the construction of these various branches to
meet together at a fixed point to be determined by
the Government of the United States, before the
Government embarks in the enterprise of con-
structing these various local roads, they, with the
aid you could readily grant them by donations of
land and the like, would reach the point to which
they converge.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no such treaty stip-
ulation with any railroad company in our State
that obliges them to build even seventy miles.
They have got to pass through the Delaware re-
serve, and to build up to the Pottawatomie re-
serve, which is about fifty-five miles. That is as
far as any treaty stipulations bind them. But I
want to remind the Senator from Ohio as to what
is the condition of the roads in Missouri and Iowa
that he says are able to make these connections
for some two hundred miles. The fact is that
there is not a railroad in Missouri to-day which
is not forfeited to the State. Neither the Pacific
railroad of Missouri, nor the Hannibal and St.
Joseph road, northe North Missouri road, is able
to pay the interest on its bonds, and each of them
is for that reason forfeited to the State. They are
in no better condition to extend their roads than
the paupers of a town are to take care of them-
selves and build the poor-house besides. It is
folly to contend that this great national public
enterprise shall be suspended and cutoff till these
men, who are entirely decrepit, shall be able to
build connecting roads. The financial condition
of the country created by the war has ruined them;
and to say that no national road shall be built
until they arc able to recuperate their energies and
construct two hundred miles of road, is only a
proposition to defeat the enterprise.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, 1 think both
the Senator from New Hampshire and the Senator
from Iowa are right, and yet I cannot vote with
both of them. The proposition of the Senator
from Iowa is clearly right if the bill is to stand as
it now is. If the branches are not to be lopped
off he is right. If the branches are to be cut off he
is wrong, and the Senator from New Hampshire
is right. I was very much in hopes that the Sen-
ator from Iowa would have allowed this amend-
ment to subside, and come up by and by, when
we had seen whether we would stake off these
branches, and especially for the reason that once
adopted tliey cannot be amended. This propo-
sition once passed, if I understand the ruling of
the Chair, is passed forever, except it be recon-
sidered. It can only be reached by reconsidera-
tion. It seems to me, in accordance with the view
of the Senator from Ohio, the sense of the Senate
will be that these branches are to be dispensed
with. Why not come to that question; and why
will not the honorable Senator from Iowa with-
draw his amendment, and take the sense of the
Senate upon the amendment of the general fea-
tures of the bill by striking off these branches? If
the branches are stricken off, he does not need his
amendment. If he urges his amendment now, I
shall be obliged to vote for it, (unless the Senate
agree that it had better be withdrawn,) on the
idea that as the bill stands it needs it; but as we
contemplate that the bill ought to stand, it is just
what we do not need, and the adoption of it will
embarrass us.
I think, with the Senator from Ohio, that the
nation will have been sufficiently magnanimous
and sufficiently generous when it has provided
for a railroad to the Pacific, starting from the Mis-
somi river, and it should not be embarrassed by
all these branches. If that is to be the sense of
the Senate, we shall only be embarrassed by the
17/5
adoption of the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa. I therefore appeal to the Senator to with-
draw it for the time being, pledging myself that
I will vote for it if the bill is not amended in the
particulars I have indicated.
Mr. HARLAN. If I had the same view of the
parliamentary difficulty which the Senator sug-
gests, I would withdraw my amendment at once;
but I have already stated to him that I should vote
for the amendment; and if the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire should be carried
in relation to any of these amendments, I would
then move to reconsider this, and put them all on
the same footing precisely. I do not desire that
one railroad system shall have an advantage over
another which competes with it for the business
of the country. This proposition is not for a new
branch. The bill provides for this branch road;
but as the bill came from the House of Represent-
atives to the Senate, it puts it on a different basis
from the other branches.
Mr. MORRILL*. Then, with the assurance of
the Senator from Iowa that he will, in case the
amendment takes place to which I referred, move
a reconsideration of this vote, I ask my friend
from New Hampshire to withdraw his call for the
yeas and nays, and allow this amendment to pass.
Mr. CLARK. I am willing to withdraw the
call if I can do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the call for the yeas and nays is with-
drawn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I have now several amend-
ments to propose, which are purely verbal. On
page 18, in line eleven of section twelve, insert
"or branches," afrer " railroad;" in line seven-
teen, after " railroad," insert " or branches;" in
line twenty-one, after "Missouri," strike out
" Iowa;" on page 19, in line four of section four-
teen, after " Iowa," strike out " westerly," and
insert " to be fixed by the President of the United
States;" on page 20, line six of section fourteen,
strike out " the approval of the President of the
United States," and insert "his approval;" on
page 22, in line seven of section sixteen, strike
out " may," and insert " shall;" and in line eight,
after " railroad," insert " and branches."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer now an amendment
which was not agreed to in committee; in fact,
the attention of the committee was not called to it;
and I call the attention of the Senate to it. I move
to strike out the nineteenth section of the bill.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 19. Jind be it further enacted, That persons in pos-
session of Government lands in the Temtory of Nevada at
the time of the passage of this act, except mineral lands,
or who may, under the laws of Congress, have the con-
structive rmht to the possession of one hundred and sixty
acres, should such lands ho conveyed to said iai!road com-
pany undei this act, shall have the right to purchase the
same 1'iotn said company at the same price that the Gov-
ernment shall fix for the sale of the adjoining lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I have another amendment,
which is purely verbal. It is on page fifteen to
strike out from the word "Greenwich," in line
thirty-three of section nine, to the word " act," in
line thirty-five, and in Ueu of the words stricken
out, to insert, " in the Territory of Nebraska."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to move as an amend-
ment the insertion of the name of Cornelius S.
Bushnell, of Connecticut, in the first section,
among the list of corporators. This name was
agreed upon by the committee, but has been omit-
ted by mistake. 4
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. W1LMOT. The committee, I believe, are
willing to agree to two amendments that I have
to propose. I move, in line six of page 1, after
" Carver," to insert " William H. Grant."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. W1LMOT. I also move, after " Green,"
in line ten, to insert " E.R. Myerand Charles F.
Wells, jr."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move an amendment to
the fourth section in the s&ape of a proviso, to be
added at the end of the section:
Provided. however. That no such commissioners shaft fee
appointed by the President of the United States, unless
there shall be presented to htm a statement, verified on path
by the President of said company, that such forty milee have
been completed in the manner required by this act, andset-
tmg forth with certainty the points where such forty miles
begin and where the same end, which oath shall be taken
before a judge of a court of record.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have an amendment
which I propose to insert at the end of section
seventeen:
Provided, That of the bonds of the United States in this
act provided to be delivered lor any and ail parts of the road
to be constructed east of the one hundredth meridian of west
longitude from Greenwich, and foi any part of the road west
of the west line of Nevada, there shall be reserved of each
part an installment of fifty per cent, to be and remain In the
United States Treasury undelivered until said road and all
parts thereof provided form this act arc entirely completed;
and that of all the bonds piovided to be delivered for the
said road between the two points aforesaid, she re shall be
reserved out of each installment twenty-five percent., to
be and remain in the Treasury until the whole of the road
piovided lor in this act is fully completed ; and if the said
road or any pait thereof shall fail of completion at the time
limited therefor in this act then, and in that case, the part of
the bonds so reserved shall be forfeited to the United {States.
I desire seriously and in earnest to contribute
my mite towards this great Coliossus of a road,
for I take it this is the Coliossus of roads,
[Rhodes,] greater than the ancient one. [Laugh-
ter.] Inasmuch as I desire to contribute to it, I
mean, as the Senator from Massachusetts said,
the road, not the bill—I mean to contribute to the
makiftg of the road. If I vote for this bill, I de-
sire to be enabled to state as the foundation of my
vote, that I verily believe that by virtue of this
bill the road and all parts of the road will be made,
completed, and constructed for use. Unless some
provision to this effect is in the bill, I have no
faith in it; I do not believe in it; it may make
branches; it may make pieces at this end, and
possibly at the west end m California; but I can-
not believe that it will make the main body of the
road, unless we have some security of this kind.
Here I would say that experience in the build-
ing of railroads in the northern and older parts of
the United States has shown that unless you have
some provision of this kind, reserving your pay,
and a large percentage of that pay, until the final
completion of the road, you never will have that
completion. All the railroads that have been effect-
ually let out and constructed, so far as I am ac-
quainted with them, and that is to a very consid-
erable extent, have been produced and effected by
just such provisions. The roads are always let
out to contractors, and they are to have so much a
cubic yard for excavation of gravel or earth, and
so much for rock excavation,and so much afoot
for bridging, and so on. They proceed in their
woik and they receive their pay according to esti-
mates made up by the engineers of the progress
they have made from month to month, always re-
serving thirty percent, or twenty-five per cent., or
some other given per cent, mentioned in the con-
tract, to await the final completion of the road. I
know that in the first attempts pieces of road were
let out on some other terms, and I know they
failed. So far as I know, all that have succeeded
have succeeded by virtue of just such provisions
as this.
Again, when this bill was before the Senate at
a previous session, and was passed, it made a reser-
vation of thirty per cent, upon the whole route. I
have a belief that in common probability these
eastern branch roads will be built, but I want the
united exertions of the stockholders in those roads,
those who make investments in them, to push for-
ward the main stem. So 1 want the exertionsof
those who may build the roads in California. Be-
lieving that these branches will receive some ad-
vantage from the land grant, and believing besides
that these roads can be much more easily com-
pleted than the mam l^dy of the load, because
they are more accessible to settlement and can be
much more easily approached with men and pro-
visions, I propose that on all portions of the roaa
