1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
hundredths per cent., reckoning the days of the
year, which runs at. a cent or half a cent a day, I
believe I will move to reduce the interest on these
deposits from five per cent, to three and sixty-five
hundredths. I make that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will not do. It is
already as low as it can be.
Mr. HOWE. 1 have supported this measure
as well as I knew how, and voted for it with all
my might, because I believed it wise. It was not
because I wanted the Government to get money
without interest at all, if the holders of the money
desired interest for it. Now, if any man finds
himself m the possession of a sum of these notes
for which he wants interest for a limited period of
time, I do not see any injustice or any hardship
on the part of the Government in paying it to
him. The Government has got the value of it
already. It gets it when they pay out the notes,
and this five percent, is a less rate of interest
than the six per cent, they pay on the bonds.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my colleague will allow
me, I do not regard it as of sufficient importance
for me to press the matter, and delay the action of
the Senate. The Committee on Finance seem to
be unanimously agreed upon it, and I shall not
press my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee whether a paymaster or a quar-
termaster or a commissary or any other officer
of the Government that may be handling its
money, might not deposit that, and draw this five
per cent, interest?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the law would
settle that. According to law, no man having
funds in his hands belonging to the Government
can draw interest on them at all. If he draws in-
terest, it belongs to his piincipal, and not to him-
self. Any man who would do such a thing would
be turned out of office at once.
Mr. CHANDLER. He would simply go to
the State prison at once.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance, if
this amendment be adopted, if the interest on these
certificates of deposit is not to be paid in coin ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; because the in-
terest to be paid in coin, if 1 recollect aright—I
endeavored to make it so—is only on bonds and
notes, and not on certificates of deposit. I con-
fined it in that manner, and had it altered in that
way. If the Senator will lefer to the language of
the first section he will find it is in these words:
"And of all claims and demands against the United
States of eveiy kind whatsoever, except for interest upon
bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin."
The interest on bonds and notes is paid in coin,
but not on certificates of deposit That was con-
sidered and guarded.
Mr. HENDERSON. Still, Mr. President, the
amendment, as I understand it, leaves it discre-
tionary with the party to deposit with any of the
Assistant Treasurers. These deposits may be
withdrawn very readily upon ten days' notice;
and I should like to know what arrangements, if
any, have been or may be made in the bill by
which the Secretary of the Treasury may ascer-
tain that notexceoding $25,000,000are on deposit
at any given timer
Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter undoubtedly
will be regulated at the Treasury Department. It
is usual to leave all such details to the Secretary
himself, and not attempt to regulate them by stat-
ute. It is tho oi dinary course of proceeding. lie
has communication, of course, with all the sub-
Treasurers of the United States—there are not
t many of them—and will know the amount. All
these matters, merely of detail, it is impossible to
provide for in the bill. They are left to be regu-
lated at the Department.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest it merely to
show that there will be extreme difficulty, in my
view, in limiting the amount of deposits at any
given time to ££15,000,000. The amount of de-
posits may be £50,000,000; it may be more; and
1 should think that there would be, at least, a
moral obligation on our part, on the part of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to pay the interest,
even though the deposits should run beyond the
amount fixed in this amendment. The deposits
being liable to be withdrawn upon so short a no-
tice, I do not see how the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can determine or can limit the amount with
precision. I merely make that suggestion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The withdrawing it, the
Senator will observe, diminishes the amount. The
only difficulty would be in ascertaining that it did
not exceed that sum.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; but the same
difficulty results m making deposits. He cannot
tell where the deposits have been made, or the
amount of the deposits that have been made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume the regulation
would be natural in such a case, that the amount
received in any one sub-Treasury, should be re-
ported to him. There is no difficulty about it, in
fact.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire, if the
committee have given any reflection to the subject,
as to the possibility of making this provision more
general. The advantages of it, if there are any,
will be enjoyed probably by those people who hap-
pen to live in large cities, where the sub-Treas-
uries are; butthere are some moderate-sized cities
thathave notsub-Treasuries,and do notcareabout
sending money, for a month, on to New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, or wherever there may be
a sub-Treasury, in order to deposit it and derive
the advantages of this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that would be
the case; but if it benefits the Treasury there can
be no objection to it whatever on that account.
That objection is true to some extent; but I have
long been of opinion that if my neighbor was
benefited and I was not thereby injured, and the
country was benefited at the same time, I could
have no reasonable objection to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, CJark, Collamer.
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Harris,
Howe. McDouiialJ, Moniil, Powell, Simmons, Sumner,
TenEyck, Wade, Willey, and Wilson, of Massachusetts—
21.
NAYS—Messis. Doolittle, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hen-
derson, Howard, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
Pearee, Pomeioy, Rice, Salisbury, Sherman, Trumbull,
Wilkinson, and Wilson or Missouri—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on ordering the amendments to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me this is the proper
time for me now to make a very few remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator to
make his remaiks on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. I see no reason why I should
not make them now; but I yield, as I always
yield, with readiness to any suggestion of the
Senator from Maine.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. PEARCE. I feel very reluctant, Mr.
President, to say a word on this bill at this time,
and I should not addiess theSenate upon itatall
if it were not that I think it probable my vote
may be misconstrued. I shall, therefore, abbre-
viate what I have to say, under thecircumstanres
whieh surround us at this late hour of the day.
Ours is a Government of limited and gianted
powers. Wc can exercise no authority which
Congress has not by reason of the grant of some
express power, or some power nccessanly im-
plied from that which is granted. If there be a
power necessary and proper to cairy into exe-
cution any of the granted powers, we possess it
under the general clause of the Constitution in
reference to that subject. The power to make a
legal tender is not granted expressly in the Con-
stitution, nor, as I think, by any implication from
any of the granted powers. It is true there is a
qualified power of making a le^al tender to be
found in the clause which authouzes us to com
money and to regulate the value thereof, because
there can be no purpose in regulating the value of
the money we are authorized to com, except to
make it a legal tender. When wc establish the
value of gold and silver com, which we have the
express authority to do, we of course have the
implied authority to declare that its value thus
fixed by law shall be the measure of value in all
contracts, and to make it a legal tender. There is
no other purpose for giving us the authority to
regulate the value of the money which we are
authorized to coin; and, accordingly, Congress
has declared silver coins to be a legal tender. I
do not know whether that provision is in the law
regulating the value of the gold coins. I Suppose,
however, that it must be so. I know that when
we passed the act by which we apportioned the
silver and the alloy in our silver coins, we did
declare that coinage to be a legal tender fot- sums
under five dollars. Even, however, if that were
not so, it would ffillow necessarily, it being pro-
vided in the Constitution expressly that gold and
silver may be coined by authority of Congress
and their value regulated by law, that they rrtust
necessarily be a legal tender. It is so according
to the custom of all civilized nations, and so the
convention that framed the Constitution assumed
it to be. But I can see no power from which we
can infer authority in this Government to make
paper money a legal tender. It clearly cannot be
inferred from the power to coin money, which is
to be made of metal. 1 do not see how it is to be
inferred, as I think one Senator derived it, from the
power to borrow money, since, to make paper
money cannot be necessary to the execution of
the power to borrow money. As well could we
infer a general authority to lend money or to deal
in brokerage.
The implied powers are those which result from
the fact that they are appropriate means of execu-
ting the granted powers. Now, the power to make
paper money is not an appropriate means of ex-
ercising or executing the power to borrow money
It cannot be inferred, I think, from the power to
regulate commerce. It is. not an appropriate
means to that end. You might as well contend
that Congress had the power of building a mer-
cantile navy for the purpose of transporting all
the articles of commerce which are grown or pro-
duced in our country to other parts of the world,
in execution of the power to regulate commerce,
as that they had the power to give an arbitrary
value to a certain piece of paper for the purpose of
regulating commerce. I do not know of any other
power to which it has been referred except the
war power, and for that there has been no argu-
ment; indeed there has, I think, been no argu-
ment at all offered by any one which it is necessary
to meet.
This doctrine has not the authority of any of
the great names of those who have gone before
us. Not one of the framers of the Constitution,
not one of its expounders, no great jurist, no great
commentator who has gone before us, has given
the sanction of his name to this doctrine. They
are, all who have spoken on the subject, to the
contrary, every one of them, from Mr. Madison
down to the present day, and including Mr. Web-
ster and Mr. Calhoun. The subject, I believe,
indeed, has not been mooted in Congress, and
hence, perhaps, it is that we have so few author-
ities upon it; but we know that in the incidental
debates which occurred here, Mr. Webster gave
his most emphatic condemnation to the doctrine,
and so did Mr. Calhoun.
We have then, I say, sir, the authority of no
great name in favor of this doctrine, unless it be
that of the gentlemen who have on this occasion,
in this and the other House, declared their belief
that Congress mightconstitutionallye'xercise this
power. I doubt very much whether the reputa-
tions of these gentlemen, justly and deservedly
great as they may be, will be much enhanced by
the expression of this opinion.
We are not encouraged to adopt this doctrine,
or to exercise this power, by the example of the
great civilizcd nations of the world. All the ex-
amples of it which history presents to us come
from nations in the frenzy of revolution or in the
decrepitude of penury. We have it in the ex-
hausted fiancial condition of Austria, which has
just been unable to prevent a portion of her pos-
sessions being torn from her by a greater Power.
We have it in the example, of poor, decrepit, effete,
half-civiiized Turkey, as 1 think some paper read
at the table to-day disclosed; and there, in a very
briefperiod, we see that the effect which every one
anticipates from such a measure has taken place-
rapidly. Everybody condemns the evil of incon-
vertible paper money as an evil of great magni-
tude, scarcely inferior to any other with which
the country can be afflicted—only inferior, said
one Senator, to war itself, which involves that
and a great many and perhaps all other evils. We
know from our own revolutionary experience the
monstrous evil which the paper currency of that
era brought upon the country. We know its
