306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 24,
31th Com....2d Sess.
The Confiscation Bill—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
sheriff returns into the court where the indictment
is pending, the record of all these proceedings-,
and this record is held by the English courts to be
not a punishment for a mere contemptof court,
but a conviction of the crime charged in the in« -
dictment; for such is the effect of an outlawry.
Lord Kenyon, in speaking of the legal effect of
a judgment of outlawry, uses these words:
"As that is a general question, we took the opinion of all
the judges of England, who took time to consider it thor-
oughly; and I am authorized to deliver it as their unani-
mous opinion that the outlawry is a conviction."—King vs.
Ycmlall, 4 T. R.
Chitty, in commenting on the subject of out-
lawry, uses this language:
"Outlawry in capital offenses amounts to a conviction of
the crime of which the defendant is indicted, as much us
if he had been actually found guilty by the verdict of ajury,
and if he be subsequently taken and committed to prison,
the justices of jail delivery may award execution against
him. And attainder, conuption of biood, and forfeiture of
all estate, real and personal, accrue at once from the judg-
ment being pronounced against him."
Now, Mr.*President, I insist that such a pro-
ceeding as this, the ancient English proceeding of
outlawry, is distinctly prohibited by the Consti-
tution of the United States. A crime cannot be
tried in that way in the Federal courts, because
the Constitution declares that the trial of all crimes
shall be by jury, and that "in all criminal prose-
cutions the accused shall enjoy the right"—not the
mere privilege which he might waive but the "right
of being tVied by an impartial jury;" so that an
accused person in a Federal court cannot be pro-
ceeded against in outlawry. Those proceedings
are excluded by the very terms, intent, and mean-
ing of our Constitution. The framers of the in-
stalment took it for granted that there would be
sufficient power and ability in the judicial officers
of the United States to seize an accused person,
bring him into court, and compel him to answer to
the accusation. And theyalsothoughtthatin case
he could not be found and be forced to be present
and have the jury and witnesses before his eyes,
it was far better that he should not be tried at all;
and I think so, too. The ideaof trying and punish-
ing a man in ins absence is to me inhuman and
atrocious.
This bill prosecutes for a crime, but takes from
the accused his constitutional right to a trial by
jury. It tries him in hisabsencc; it punishes him
in his absence; it takes his property from him in
his absence, upon an indictment, and in the course
of a criminal prosecution.
If it be said that an outlawry is due process of
law, it must also be admitted that in adopting the
fifth amendment to the Constitution the States in-
tended to repeal the then existing requirement that
the trial of all crimes should be by jury. Let me
call the attention of my friend from New Hamp-
shire to this point. Does he suppose that in adopt-
ing the fifth article of the amendments the States
which ratified it intended to repeal or relax the
second section of the third article? The fifth ar-
ticledeclares that the accused shall nofbe deprived
of his property without due process of law. Ar-
ticle thirds section two, declares that " the trial of
all crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall
be by jury/' Did the framersof this amendment
intend to iupeal or in any way to modify the sec-
ond section of the third article? Did they intend,
by the amendment so carefully worded, to open
the door to the introduction of this process of out-
lawry, and to authorize Congress to provide for
the trial of an accused person in his absence ? That
is a question which I wish Senators on the oppo-
site side of this question to solve, if they are able
to furnish a solution.
There is another question which I desire that
they may consider: whether, when the States that
adopted the "due process of law" amendment,
adopted the other amendment,declaring that " in
all criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial by an impar-
tial jury," they intended to make that clause con-
tradictory of the clause providing for " due pro-
cess of law?" because if you give to the phrase
"due process of law" such a meaning as will
authorize the trial of a man in his absence, you
certainly contradict the amendment which de-
clares that in all criminal prosecutions theaccused
shall enjoy the right to a speedy, trial by an im-
partial jury. It cannot be impartial unless the
aceysed is present-to confront his accuser, to cross
examine his witnesses, and especially to exercise
his right of challenging the jury and get rid of such
of them as may be hostile to him or partial. He
is to be tried by an impartial jury; and there must
be sorhe way by which that impartiality is to be
tested; and he, in the very nature of things, is the
sole person in existence who can properly ex-
ercise the right of challenging them to ascertain
whether or not they are impartial.
To show that I am not mistaken in my view of
the meaning and legal effect of the words " due
processof law," I will venture to trouble the Sen-
ate a moment with a few citations of authority.
Speaking of this clause, Justice Story remarks:
" The other part of the clause is hut an enlargement of
the language of Magna Charta ' nec super eum ibimus, nec
super ewn mittimus, nisi per legale judicium parium suorum
vet per legem tcrraeneither will wo pass upon him, or
condcmn him, bur by the lawful judgment of his peers, or
by the law of the land. Loid Coke says that these latter
word^ per legem terrae, (by the law of the land,) mean by
due process of law; that is, without due pre^pntmentorin-
dietment, and being bioughtin to answer thereto by due
process of the common law."
I next call the attention of Senators to some ob-
servations applicable to this question made by
Justice CuiHis in the case of Greene ts.lfriggs, to
be found in 1 Curtis Reports." The facts of the
case were briefly these: the State of Rhode Island
had passed what is known as a licjuor law, by that
law authority was given to certain magistrates to
issue a warrant to search houses or other places
where it was supposed liquors were keptillegally
for sale; and, on the liquor being seized, certain
proceedings were had in regard to it, with a view
to its destruction; notice was left at the residence
of the keeper or owner to appear in court at a cer-
tain time, and show cause why it should not be
destroyed. If no sufficient cause was shown, the
magistrate proceeded to adjudge that the liquor
should be destroyed. The question arose whether
this proceeding against the liquor for the purpose
of destroying it was " due process of law," and
whether it was constitutional and valid. The
court held, that it was not; the act required that
before the owner of the property could come in
and defend, he should give a bond for the pay-
ment of costs, which the owner of the liquor in
this case refused to do. He contested the validity
of the act, as being an infringement of that clause
of the State constitution which provides that no
personshallbe " deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
eity, but by the laws of the land." The court
remark:
" To require security for the payment of the penalty and
costs, as a condition for having a trial, so far as I am in-
formed, is a novelty in criminal jurisprudence j and, in my
opinion, it is not only essentially unjust, but m conflict with
that clause of the Constitution which secures the accused
fiom being deprived of his life, liberty, or property, unless
by the judgment of his peers, or the law of the land. Nat-
uial right requires that no man should be punished for an
offense until he has had a trial, and been proved to be guilty;
and a law which should provide for the infliction of pun-
ishment upon a mere accusation, without any tiial, ii' the
accused should fail to furnish two sureties to pay the pen-
alty which might, after the trial, be adjudged against him,
would be viewed by all just minds as tyrannical; for it
would treat the innocent who are unable to furnish the re-
quired security, as if they were guilty, and would punish
them, while still presumed innocent, tor their poverty or
want of friends<
"And it is equally clear that such a law would not be
'the law of the land,' within the settled meaning of that
important clause in the constitution. Ceitainly this does
not mean any act which the Assembly may choose to pass.
If it did,the legislative will could infl'icta forfeiture ot life,
Hbeity, or propeity, without a trial. The exposition of
these words, as they stand in Magna Charta, as well as in
the American constitutions, has been, that Uiey require
'due piocess of law;' and in this is necessaiily implied
and included the right to answer to and contest the charge,
and the consequent right to be di&ehaiged fiom it, unless it
j<s proved. Lord Coke, giving the interpretation of these
words in Magna Charta, (2 Inst., 50, 51,) says they mean
due process of law, in which is included presentment or in-
dictment, and being brought in to answer thereto. And the
jurists of our country have not relaxed this interpretation.
"It follows, that a Jaw which should preclude the ac-
cused fiom answering to and contesting the charge, unless
he should first give security in the sum of $200, with two suf-
ficient sureties, to pay all fines and costs, and which should
condemn him to fine and forfeiture, unheard, if he failed
to comply with this requisition, would deprive him of his
liberty or property, not by the law of the land, but by an
arbitraiy and unconstitutional exeition of the legislative
power."
There isastrange similarity in principle between
th^Bfccase and the present bill. Here the propo-
sition is to punish a. man by depriving him of his
property, not because he has committed crime,
not because he was the owner of the liquor or en-
in the illegal sale of the liquor, but because,
not having been proved to have committed any
crime known to the law, he omits to come into
court. Under the bill, the crime for which he is
deprived of his .property is his omission to come
in and answer to an indictment; i t is because of that
omission, and only that omission, that his prop-
erty is taken away from him! Sir, whatever may
be the character of the accused, whether rebel or
Union man, whether black or white, no matter
under what Government he may have been raised,
if he is under the folds of the American flag, pro-
tected by the aegis of the American.,Constitution,
and his prosecution is in an American court, he
cannot be punished by a deprivation of property
in that mode; and I should feel that I was dis-
gracing my country, my Constitution that pro-
tects all alike, if 1 were to vote for a measure that
contemplated such an outrage.
1 shall not weary the Senate with citations fur-
ther than may be necessary.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him to give the page, if he is going to read it.
Mr.HOWARD. Yes, sir; the case Ireadfrom
is in 18 Howard's Supreme Court Reports, page
272. The question arose upon the warrant of an
oflicer of the Treasury issued against some collect-
or for the collection of a balance "struck against
him on the books of the Treasury. The counsel
for the defendant insisted that such a warrant from
a mere Treasury officer was a violation of the Con-
stitution,as not being " due process of law,"and
that, therefore, the property of the defaulter could
not be seized and sold upon the warrant. The Su-
preme Court, however, did not regard that clause
of the Constitution as applying to the case. They
held the warrant to be constitutional and valid, be-
cause it was a process in very general use in Eng-
land at the date of our Constitution, as a means
of collecting the debts due to the Crown from rev-
enue officers. They put it upon that ground and
no other; but they say in the course of their de-
cision:
" That the warrant now in question is legal process, ie
not denied. It was issued in conformity with an act of
Congress. But is it1 due process of law ?' The Constitu-
tion contains no description of those processes whieh it was
intended to allow oi forbid. It does not even declare what
principles are to be applied to ascertain whether it be due
piocess. Jt is manifest that ii was not left to the legislalue
power to enact any process which might be devised. The
article is a restraint on the legislative as well as on the ex-
ecutive and judicial powers ot the Government, and cannot
be so consirucd as to leave Congress free to make any pro-
cess ' due ptocesjs of law' by its mere will."
Congress cannot of its own will make any pro-
cess of law due process of law. We must con-
strue the clause with reference toother clauses in
the instrument. By such a reference, we shall find
ourselves barred and foreclosed from asserting
that the proceeding authorized by the bill consti-
tutes'" due process of law." In criminal prose-
cutions there can be no trial without a jury; and
you cannot strip a man of his property, in such a
prosecution, without ascertaining his guilt. This
bill requires no trial, whether by jury oroutlawry.
Under the English proceeding from two to three
years may elapse after the finding of the indict-
ment before judgment of outlawry is pronounced.
Here the forfeiture of the estate of the accused
may take place in ten days, or in five days; nay,
sir, in a single day after the seizure and the find-
ing of |he indictment, and in the absence of the
accused. In outlawry the whole proceeding is to-
tally void as to person and property, unless there
is a formal judgment of outlawry; while this bill
does not provide for any judgment at all. The
court is not to €Tnterany judgment on its records;
it tries no crime; it impannels no jury; it exam-
ines no witnesses; it simply issues an order, and
causes it to be published for as few or as n^jjy
days as it may see fit, for the voluntary appear-
ance of the accused; and if he does not appear, his
property is forfeited to the Government, and his
heirs are robbed of their inheritance. It seizes tho
property of the accused, and leaves it in thn hands
of the President. It does not even place it within
the jurisdiction of the court; it makes that court
the mere instrument of ascertaining the fact that
he has not appeared and taken his trial. And this
is all the court is to do*before the forfeiture of the
property.
And is not that a notable cause for stripping a
man of his property ? For this omission to appear
