2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
east of the one hundredth meridian, and on all
. portions west of Nevada Territory, there shall be
reserved fifty per cent, until the final completion
of the road; and as to the space between them, I
propose to reserve twenty-five per cent. I have
drawn my amendment on that principle.
. Mr.; McDOUGALL. I trust the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Vermont will not
prevail. I dislike to differ in opinion from him
about any matter, and 1 regret very much that he
h?ts seen, cause to differ from the House of Rep-
resentatives and from the committee on a question
sovital to this measure. It was thought by those
who framed this bill, by those who were consulted
in framing it, both inside of the committee and out-
side, that it would take all the strength that could
be given to the enterprise by this measure to secure
the construction of the road.
It is a work which requires the expenditure of
a vastly larger amount of money than is provided
for by this bill. When this road comes to be con-
structed two hundred miles beyond navigation,
and beyond present railroad communication, it is
a very heavy work. When it is constructed seven
hundred miles, it will be much heavier. When
it has to approach the difficulties of the Rocky
mountains, the cost of the road will run up to one
hundred or one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
per mile, and sometimes exceeding that. When
we start from the plains of the Sacramento, and
take the Sierra Nevada, where, in one hundred and
fifty miles, we have to rise a grade of seven thou-
sand feet, and then descend from that high eleva-
tion immediately into the great basin some three
or four thousand feet, the work must involve a
vast amount of expense. It is somewhat strange
to me that it should be proposed to reserve fitcy
per cent, on the heaviest part of the work, in the
interior, through the desert country, and across
the Rocky mountains. And how long is it to be
reserved ? I ask the attention of the friends of the
bill, or of any measure of this kind, to the ques-
tioii how long is it to be reserved. All that is
hoped for is the construction of this road in the
course of twelve or fourteen years; and now it is
proposed that one half the amount of bonds to be
granted shall be reserved for that period; although
the amount named in the bill was putin expressly
as being required as an advance on the part of the
Government after each section of forty miles shall
have been completed.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to ask my hon-
orable friend from California if he has any idea
that, on this side of the one hundredth meridian,
the land grant which is given, together with one
half the amount of bonds proposed in the bill, is
not enough to build the road.
Mr. McDODGALL. I do not think it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My opinion is that it is,
if the fund be economically administered, and
keeping back the remainder of the bonds which
wilf be held out as an inducement to all these com-
panies which are interested in the branches to
combine all their energies to push the road through
the difficult point, will be the very thing that will
secure to you the construction of the road through.
But give them all the bonds now for building the
road up to the one hundredth meridian, where the
land is good and will be filled up with settlements,
where the roads will be valuable, where they will
payjustfor running and carrying off the products
of the country and the passengers who will go
there, and they will cease to have any interest in
carrying the road further.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What is the guarantee
for the-construction of this road? In the first
place, no one can become a subscriber to the stock
of this company without paying ten per cent, of
his subscription to commence with. Suppose the
enterprise is commenced; if attheend of fourteen
)*ars from now, twelve working years, the en-
tire road is not completed, everything is forfeited
to the Government. In this measure the Govern-
ment is perfectly protected. It has two great se- ;!
curities; and now, besides the claim of forfeiture !i
101- every mile of road constructed, it is proposed 11
to withhold one half of the amount of bonds pro- 1
videuforin the bill which was designed, intended ">
to give present immediate aid to those going on !'
with the work, and why5 If they have the bonds j]
in their hands, the bonds are equivalent to money. ;>
It was thought, and I think, it will take the&16.000 i!
a mile, and the §32,000 a mile, and the £48,000 a l!
mile, in aid of the enterprise to carry it through, i!
It will require bonds to that amount in the hands
of those who undertake it. I look upon this as a
fatal assault upon this measure. I know that
country; I have traversed it from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. I know something about engineering
too. I have made this subject a specialty; I have
studied it for ten years; and it is only a hope, I
will say a some what confident hope, but no strong
conviction, that even this measure to-day will
accomplish the result.
What is the objectof advancing these moneys?
You are not making a contract to take security
back for failure; you are advancing money in aid.
Do you intend to advance money in aid of the en-
terprise? If so, advance it at once. Of what use
will be this fifty per cent., the eighteen or twenty
million dollars reserved, to these persons who
have carried this great burden on their shoulders
after they have performed the gigantic, Titanic
labor involved in this enterprise ? Nothing, sir;
it will be an inheritance perhaps for their children.
At the end of fourteen years, when the labor has
been accomplished which it is designed this grant
shall aid, then they are to receive it as a bounty
from the Government! These parties want no
bounty from the Government when it is done.
They want strength enough to do it; the country
wants strength enough in the Government to do
it. It is thought this bill will give the present
strength to do it. Now, it is proposed to shear
them of one half their strength. It will take Sam-
son to build this road; but this would give the
office to Samson without his beard, shorn of his
strength. It does not require argument on this
subject to any gentleman who has studied the ques-
tion, and is a true, earnest friend of the enterprise.
A measure which will require all this assistance
as present assistance, all this aid as present aid,
can not be robbed of one half of the present assist-
ance, and accomplish the result which can only be
hoped for with all the assistance proposed.
1 have great respect for all the opinions of the
learned and wise Senator from Vermont; but let
me suggest that a rule which may work well m
Vermont, or in New Hampshire, orm Massachu-
setts, on a short line of l oad to be constructed right
under the eye of the paities, as a business invest-
ment, and to be accomplished in the course of a year
or two, can furnish no like rule foi an enterprise like
this; and then that is a busines". between the cap-
italist and the contractor, the capital being there,
and this is counted for in the contract. On the
other hand the principle of this bill is to lend the
present aid, to the necessary called-for extent—a
very different case. What do we want this money
for at all? Because the work cannot he carried on
without it. We cannot get the capital logo along
and build the road from the Missouri river, over
mountain and desert and mountain again, tin ough
an uninhabited wilderness, we cannotget the cap-
ital to do it without all the inducement it is pro-
posed that the Government shall give. I say again,
that to adopt the amendment is to destroy the
chance of executing the work under the bill. If
there was some small percentage reserved, such
as is usual in contracts, and that is never more
than fifteen per cent., it might be dilleient.
Mr. COLLAMER. Generally twenty or twen-
ty-five per cent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. In till the contracts I have
ever seen, and I have been connected with a great
many ot them, sometimes in the way of business
and sometimes in the way of counsel, I have never
seen more than ten or fifteen per cent, reserved;
and those contracts are settled and adjusted in a
very brief time; but here this money is to be re-
served until the completion of the road, for years,
when 1 say again, itis immediately wanted. Now,
what guarantee has the Government got? Has it
not abundant guarantees? These parties go on.
They cannot get any part of the bonds until a sec-
tion of the road is built, and so they go on section
by section. It they do not complete the line, the
road is foifeited. They have got to build it year
by year or it involves a forfeiture. They have got
to build so much every year, or an entire forfeit-
ure is involved, both of the branches and of the
mam trunk of the road. These ate severe terms,
perhaps severe enough to impel the measure as a
business measuie. When you put forfeiture upon
anything that is invested by individuals and every-
thing that is advanced by the Government, is not
that security enough?
I trust that a person who is, in good faith, in
favor of building a road across the continent, and
who has examined this measure and regards it as
a measure framed to have strength enough to build
the road, and no more than sufficient strength,
will, if he proposes amendments, if he thinks°the
$16,000 a mile is too much, say what is ri ht, and
test the Question in that way. We wan" all the
Government can afford to give in aid as the work
progresses. If the bonds proposed to be advanced
in this bill are too much, let us know how much
is enough, because it is given not by way of con-
tract, not as roads are built on contracts, performed
immediately, but advanced to give strength to the
men who have enterprise enough to undertake it,
and it will take great enterprise. If this bill shall
be passed, it will take great energy, it will take
great mind and many years to accomplish it with
all the aid which will be given. I trust the friends
of the measure will not lend their countenance to
the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall not talk as loud as
the gentleman, but I wish him to realize that what
he talks of as security, if he could see the other
side of the question, constitutes no security at all.
Men go on and work on this road until they find
the job is not a good one, and then they give se-
curity for what the Government has advanced to
make it so far, by giving up that which they find
good for nothing. How is that any security?
Mr. McDOUGALL. If they suffer sacrifices,
why may not the Government suffer?
Mr. COLLAMER. We propose to give this
amount, and we do it to get aroad. Now,if the
friends of this measure, as the gentleman speaks
of them, are resolved that the community at large
and we who represent them are to have no secu-
rity for the completion of the road, the friends may
get their road defeated. They may be very good
friends of the bill, but they are destructive to their
measure. My amendment is not as the gentleman
states it. He says it is proposed to reserve fifty
per cent, on the whole line of the road.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No; I understand the
fifty percent, is to be reserved in the central region.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; twenty-five per cent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Twenty-five per cent, in
the central region?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I misunderstood
the gentleman in that rcspect.
Mr. COLLAMER. I only propose to take
t%venty-five per cent, out of that part which I sup-
posed would be least able to bear a reservation,
and fifty per cent, is the reservation on that part
of the road which I supposed would be best able
to bear it. I provide a reservation of fifty per cent,
for that part of the road east of the one hundredth
meridian 
Mr. McDOUGALL. That may do very well
for this end; but what about the Sierra Nevada,
which belongs to the other end ?
Mr. COLLAMER. My amendment reserves
fifty per cent, on all beyond the west line o?Ne-
vada Territory.
Mr. McDOtTGALL. That is on this side of
the Sieira Nevada.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am willing to reserve
twenty-five per cent, until we come to the line of
the Senatoi's State, and if he prefers it, i would
put it to the foot of the mountain. What I de-
sired was to take out twenty-five per cent, upon
the mam stem of the road, that was least able to
bear a deduction. I drew the amendment with a
view to that, and instead of saying the west line
of Nevada Territory, 1 am willing io say the west
foot of the Sierra Nevada mountains, if that will
please the gentleman bettei, so that the twenty-
live percent, reservation shall apply to all the ex-
pensive part of the work.
The gentleman's idea is that this is not like the
case of the letting of a road. I regard it exactly
in the same light as the letting of a road. Weure
providing for pay for building a road. The idea
that it is going to be done by virtue of great enter-
prise has nothing in it. Never will any railroad
be built except by men vhobeheve theyare going
to make money by it. You may say that there
may be a degiee of enterprise m that, but no man
is going to undertake to construct this road or any
part of it, unless he can make money by it or be-
lieves he can. We in making the grant may be
governed by high national considerations, and the
men who put their money and their own personal
labor and services in it may be willing to contrib-
