1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
floor, from any remark which fell from the lips
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, tell how
slavery is the cause of this rebellion ? Is it the
procuring:, producing, or instrumental cause; and
if either, how has it operated so as to put arms
in the hands of one million of our people, with a
common ancestry, common kindred, and common
country, with which they are trying to cut each
other's throats, and take each other's lives?
It will not do to rest the argument upon the
simple, bare, and unproved statement that slavery
is the cause of this rebellion. I deny the propo-
sition, and if successful in overthrowing it the
fabric built upon it falls to the ground. It is no
more the cause of this rebellion than the match
which I ignite and apply to my neighbor's barn
is the cause of the destruction of his property. I
am the cause and the fire of the match the instru-
ment. It is no more the cause of this rebellion
than the rifle loaded with ball, discharged by me
into the heart of another, is the cause of his death.
I am the murderer, and the rifle the instrument
used to commit the crime. That judicial officer
who, upon a state of case like this, instead of
punishing me for arson in the one case and mur-
der in the other, would pronounce in his sentence
in the one case, that all the fire in the country
should be put out and no more matches made, or
in the other, that all the rifles should be destroyed
and no more powder and ball should be manufac-
tured—that judicial officer would be deemed to
possess strange powers of reasoning, and be uni-
versally pronounced unfit for the station which he
would thus disgrace. I desire to treat this subject
fairly, and fling away from it all sophistry; for it
is presumed that no gentleman in this House will
do otherwise than follow the dictates of an honest
judgment and the promptings of a conscience
schooled to approve the right and condemn the
wrong.
In what sense, then, if any, is it that slavery is
the causp of the present unhappy and unfortunate
condition of the country? It js not to be found in
the fact that four millions of slaves are simply
owned as property by the citizens of fifteen States
that revolution runs not in the land. It is not to
be found m the fact that the citizens of these States
own under their laws from three to four thousand
millions of dollars' worth of slave property. That
seems to me to be absurd, and the history of man-
kind furnishes no example of a people undertak-
ing to revolutionize a Government simply because
they owned property. But Governments being es-
tablished for the protection of person and prop-
erty, the history of our race is full of examples
where Governments have been revolutionized be-
cause the people of those Governments believed
that the Government, so far from protecting them
in their rights of property, was about to destroy
that property itself. The cause, then, of this wal-
ls not (as I infer the gentleman from Massachu-
setts intended to be understood) to be found m
the simple existence of slavery and the ownership
of slaves, but, sir, it is to be found in the fact that
the owners of this kind of property have been
made to believe that it was to be ignored, and that
the Government in the hands of the Republican
party, a party built up on their opposition to sla-
very, would not only cease to protect, but abso-
lutely destroy this particular species of pioperty.
[t is not slavery, the owneiship of .slaves, which
lias led them to take up arms, but the fnm and
religious belief that by lemainnig in the Govern-
ment they will lose their property
1 will not enter into an argument here for the
purpose of showing whether this belief is well
founded or not, and will simply content myself by
adverting to one method of argumentation which
has been used to impress this belief upon the
minds of the people in the slaveholding States.
They have been told, and gentlemen upon the
other side know how truly or falsely, that a large
majority of the people of the non-s!avoholding
States believe that slavery is a sin against the laws
of God, and not only a moral evil, but a national
curse; that while the Republicans admitted that,
under thfexisting Constitution,th'*y had no power
to interfere with or abolish .slavery in the States
where n existed, they had incorporated m their
pia:form, as a pai t of their doctrinal creed, that no
more States with slave constitutions wete to be
admitted in the Union; thatunderthe operation of
tins principle, m a vervshoi Ltune, Nebraska, New
Mexico, Washington, Utah, Nevada, Culoiado,
and Dakota would come into the Union as free
States, and that other States could be divided until
three fourths of the States were free, and that then
the majority of the citizens of those States, believ-
ing slavery to be a sin both against God and the na-
tion, if they were honest men, would be compelled,
by a sense of moral and national obligation, to
call a convention of all the States to amend the
Constitution, and confer upon Congress the power
constitutionally to abolish slavery. They have
been told that, if they would save their property,
they must strike the blow at once, and cut then-
connection with the Government before they were
bound hand and foot; that delay in this matter
would be death and destruction to them, ultimately
resulting ill the Africanization of the southern
States.
I will not stop to point out the various other
methods ofargumentation which have been adopt-
ed for the purpose of riveting and fastening this
conviction on the minds of the citizens of the south-
ern States. I will not detain the House by read-
ing extracts from the speeches and letteis of the
leading men of the Republican party, nor by quot-
ing from their acknowledged and accredited party
organs, nor by criticising the dogma that an irre-
pressible conflict had commenced between free
and slave labor, which must continue till slavery
was established everywhere m the United States,
or abolished everywhere. It is sufficient for the
purposes of this argument that I have shown that
it is the firm, deep-seated, and settled conviction
and belief of the people of the southern States
that their slave property was endangered and
would be finally lost, that has caused them to rush
to arms and endeavor to establish a government
of their own, independent of the Government of
the United States. It is not the condition of sla-
very as an existing social, domestic, or political
relation which has caused the revolt, but, sir, the
belief that this condition will be destroyed, and
thatbehef superinduced by the Republican party.
Now, sir, if this is a tair presentation of the
case, the conclusion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, so far from following as a logical se-
quence, falls to the ground, and the opposite of his
deduction is true. For, sir, if it be the fact, as 1
think u has been shown that it is, the belief of the
people now in arms that this particular species of
property by the action of the Federal Government
and the Republican party will be destroyed, then
by destroying it, abolishing it, and emancipating
the slaves—as the gentleman and the various bills
propose—you at once convince them and the coun-
try that their belief is well founded, and not with-
out a cause. Instead, sir, of this resolution or
these bills relieving this war of the cause pioducing
it, it is but an aggiavation to the cause; and if the
gentleman desires to wind up this war—which he
treats as the effect of a cause—let him and his
party remove that cause by so acting as to take
away from the minds and hearts of the citizens of
the slaveholdmg States the belief that property of
the value of hundreds and thousands of millions
of dollars was about to be destioyed. He does
not propose that, but insists upon doing a thing
which, if done, will destroy the very thing the
fear of the destruction of which has caused the
piesent condition of things.
If, sir, the fears of the people upon thin subject
had been allayed last winter by congressional
action, the country, instead of being engaged
not only m a civil but social wai, visiting ruin
upon the commerce, agriculture, and manufac-
tures of the country, would now be at conipaia-
tive peace, enjoying its accustomed prosperity and
happiness. The country knows why this was
not done, and by what party it was pie\ented
from being done. It constitutes a part of our his-
tory already written; and theimpaitial readei wjII
be at no loss to determine why the patriotic and
energetic efforts of the then venerable Senator
from Kentucky to save his country from its present
state failed to succeed. It has been my endeavor
to expose the fallacy of the argument of gentle-
men on the other side, and on this branch of the
subject I have nothing further to say. They are
acting on this belief, a belief or conviction brought
about by the course or'cturenf events in the non-
slaveholding States foi some years past. Gentle-
men may say that their behei.thcu conviction, is
a delusion. If it is a delusmn, does the gentle-
man propose the proper remedy when ho proposes
to make their delu-uon t rephty, nr would it not
rather comport with sound logic to remove the
delusion under which they are acting by giving
them an assurance that their fears were ground-
less, as the propositions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, last winter, proposed.
Suppose that the southern section were thb dom-
inant section, and that they were to declare a war
of extermination, not with swords and bullets,
but a political war under the Constitution, in a
constitutional way, against the workshops and
manufacturing and commercial interests of the
New England States, ultimating in their total
destruction and overthrow, and the impoverish-
ment of their people; and suppose that they were
to complain, to the extent even of resisting the
proposed destruction of their interests by armed
resistance, I ask gentlemen if they think and be-
lieve that the introduction and passage of an act
consummating the very thing of which they com-
plain would make the New Englanders lay down
their arms and love the Government with a per-
fect love? I think not. Seek not, then, to apply
the poisoned chalice to the lips of others, which
you would dash with scorn from your ewn.
The principal argument adduced in support of
the proposition under consideration having, as I
conccive, been shown to be fallacious, there are
many reasons why the proposition should not be
embodied ina law. Congress possesses no power
except what the Constitution gives it. The Con-
stitution creates Congress,and confers upon it its
authority. Beyond the authority or power thus
conferred we dare not go. I do not think that the
Constitution confers upon Congress, cither ex-
pressly or impliedly, the power proposed to be
exercised in the passage of this bill. I have been
unable to recognize the clause which confers it,
and it is for those who insist upon the passage of
the bill to point out the clause from which it is
derived. It will not do to derive it from the power
to declare war, for Congress has not declared war.
Congress has laised an army and navy to do what?
Why, sir, to suppress an insurrection, repel inva-
sion, and put down a rebellion.
What is the attitude, what the relation, of the
insurgents or rebels? Are they in the position of
alien enemies and foreigners to the Government?
Cleaily not. The Government itself does not so
consider it, and hence will not recognize them as
belligerents. If they are not to be regarded as for-
eign enemies and aliens at war with the Govern-
ment of the United States, then the law of nations
regulating the conduct of two Powers at war does
not apply to the case, and it cannot be treated ac-
cording to the i ules of war governing conflicts be-
tween such Powers. The Government itself does
not so treat the case. For privateers sailing with
letters of marque and reprisal fiom the so-called
confederate States, when taken as prisoners, are
| treated as pirates under our laws against piracy,
! handed over to the civil authorities of the coun-
try,and by them are indicted, tried,and convicted.
What, then, sir, is the relation of the insurgents
or rebels. According to our theory they are citi-
zens of the United States in revolt, in arms, against
the Government, and called traitors. How are
they to be dealt with, and what is to be done with
them? If that is their relation, which seems to be
conceded, and is the view at least of the executive
as well as the judicial department of the Govern-
ment, the case ;s a plain one, and we are not left
in the dark as to the coutse to be pursued. Who,
'i sir, is a traitor? That citizen who commits trea-
1 son. And what is treason ? It, sir, is a crime of
j so high a nature that our fathers would not leave
i its definition to the ordinary Legislatuie of the
I countrv, but deemed it of sufficient importance to
| lucorpoiate the following definition of it in the or-
game law of the land:
I " Tioason airiunst the United States shall consist only
j m levying wai against them or adhering to their enemies,
! giving them «ud and comioit."
j That, sir, and that alone is treason, and he who
j commits the act therein specified is guilty of trea-
'{ son. What are you to do with him ? Arrest lum,
J ifit becomes mcessary, with the military arm of
the Government, pass him over to the civil trihu-
| nals of the country for indictment, trial, convic-
! tion,and execution. That is the plain, necessary,
: and only legal couiso which, under our system,
; can be taken. It was the view entertained by our
; fathers, from which latter-day saints are disposed
j tndissont. Wny, sir, it is said that a citizen who
! thu.s acts—and the argument is made here—is dis-
