1862.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
pay of army officers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill No. 175, for the purpose of ad-
journing on it when we take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 175) to define the pay and
emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes, was resumed as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 13, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
military contingent expenses.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting report of the contingent expenses of the mil-
itary establishment in 1861; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
■Washington's birthday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am instructed by the
special committee to which was referred the mem-
orial of citizens of Philadelphia, concerning the
celebration of the 22d of February, to ask the
House that the joint resolution of the Senate on
the same subject be referred to that committee.
The joint resolution was taken from the Speak-
er'stable, read a first and second time,and referred
to the special committee on the subject.
missouri railroads.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the special committee on Gov-
ernment contracts to report back the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 37) in relation to certain rail-
roads in the State of Missouri. The committee
recommend the adoption of the amendment re-
ferred to it by the House, namely: to strike out
the following proviso:
Provided, however, That the sums paid to said compa-
nies shall be as neai as may be the cost of transporting such
piopcrty and troops, and not exceeding the prices fixed by
the War Department on the 12th day of July, 1861, for
tiansportatiou by railroads.
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the rates allowed shall m no case exceed
those charged by lailway companies geneially for transpor-
tation for puvate person?.
Has the bill been printed?
The bill has been printed
Mr. STEVENS.
Mr. HOLMAN.
some days.
Mr. STEVENS,
proposed}
Mr. HOLMAN.
Mr. STEVENS.
With the amendments now
Yes.
I wish the gentleman would
consent to have it postponed till to-morrow, unless
some inconvenience would arise from that. I wai^t
to look at this bill a little.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should be very glad to ac-
commodate the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but
this bill has been postponed now very often. It
was postponed a week ago,"at the instance of the
gentleman himself. The parties interested in the
measure are very anxious that it should receive
the attention of the House. The joint resolution
is very brief, and depends on a single point, as it
seems to mo.
Mr. ENGLISH. May I ask the gentleman one
ouestion. Who is to determine the rates to be
charged, under this joint resolution?
Mr. HOLMAN. They are to be determined
by the Secretary of War.
Mr. ENGLISH. Is it so stated in the bill ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the joint resolution be
read.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas by the fourth section of an act of Congtesa en-
titled u An act granting the right of wav to the Slate of Mis-
souri, and a portion or the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of ceitain inilroads. in said State,',J appioved June
10, 1853, it is provided as follow^: ''That the b-aid lands,
hereby gtantcd to the &aid State, shall be subject to the dis-
posal of tho Leg^lalnre thereof, for the pmpo.-c? atoie^aul
and no othei ;?t and the said lailroads shall be and remain
public highways for the use of the Government oi the Uni-
ted States, free from toll or othei ehaigc upon the trans-
portation of any property or troops of the United States;
and whereas the said grant of lands has, by virtue of said
act, and of an act of the Legislature of the Slate of Mis-
souri, been applied in the construction of the Hannibal and
St. Joseph railroad, constructed and owned by the Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph Railroad Company, and the Pacific rail-
road by the Pacific Railroad Company, which last-men-
tioned road is finished and running from St. Louis to Roiia;
and wheicas the ability of said railroad companies to uans-
poit the property and troops of the United States over their
lespective railroads has been greatly impaired by the de-
struction of bridges, depots, ana other property of said com-
panies, and the partial destruction of said roads by the
public enemies, and in consideration thereof, and in view
of the pressing public necessities, the United States, not
waiving the right to have their property and troops trans-
ported tree from toll or other charge by said railroads, as
contemplated by the reservation aforesaid, have resolved
as follows: Therefore.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of Jimericrjin Congress assembled, That
the Secretaiy of War is hereby authorized to make such
an adjustment with the Hannibal and St. Joseph Raihoad
Company and the Pacific Railroad Company for the trans-
portation, pa^t and prospective, of the property and troops
of the United States over said railroads during the exist-
ence of this rebellion, as in view of the public exigency
may be just and reasonable, and liquidate the same : Pro-
vided, however, That the sums paid to said companies .shall
be as near as may be the cost of transporting such property
and tioops, and not exceeding the piices fixed by the War
Department on the 12th day of July, 1861, foi transporta-
tion by lailroads.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know liow the
rates fixed by the War Department referred to cor-
respond with the limit fixed in this bill; whether
they are more or less ?
Mr. HOLMAN. No rates have been fixed by
the Secretary of War since the 12th of July last.
At that time certain rates were fixed by the Waf
Department to apply to all the railroads of the
country.
Mr. STEVENS. It is those rates to which I
refer.
Mr. HOLMAN. The rates fixed by the War
Department in July last were two cents per mile
for passengers, for the transportation of troops,
and the price charged for local freights by the va-
rious railroads, for the various classes of freight
transported for the Government, whether first,
second, or third class freights. Since that time,
however, the War Department have held that the
rates fixed were not intended to be absolute upon
the various quartermasters or commissaries, but
as the maximum they were permitted to pay.
They were not to exceed those rates. The bill as
originally reported limited the Secretary of War
in the payments to be made to those companies to
the rates fixed by that order of the 12th of July;
but not to excecd the actual cost of transportation.
The amendment contains the same limitation in
respect to the cost of transportation, but fixes the
maximum at the price usually paid by private par-
ties for transportation over railroads generally.
Mr. MALLORY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to ask the
gentlemanfrom Indiana whether the prices usually
charged private parties on these railroads are
greater or less than two cents per mile for passen-
gers, the rate fixed by that order of the Secretary
of War.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 suppose the ordinary rates
of transportation over these roads during the win-
ter probably exceed these prices fixed by the War
Depaitment, It is not pioposed, however, that
the rates of transportation over these particular
roads shall constitute the basis of this limit, but it
is the usual rate charged by the railroads of the
country geneially. It seems to me that is a fair
construction of the limit.
Mr. STEVENS, i hope that amendment will
not prevail. I should be disposed to vote for
the resolution as it was originally introduced, al-
though it cannot be considered in any other light
than as a giatuity to these roads, they having
been really made at the public expense in the first
place. But I know that m Pennsylvania the rail-
roads, at their own instance, reduced the rate for
transporting troops and munitions of war for the
Government to the extent of one half or one third
the piices charged to private individuals.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to make this suggestion? The committee of
this House charged with the consideration of this
matter originally reported, as I have stated, in
favoi of fixing the limit which the Secretary of
War should not exceed iu his payments to the
companies—the rates fixed by the schedule of the
12th of July. Hut, on last Thursday or Friday,
when this subject was before the House, the res-
olution was recommitted to, the committee, with
instructions to report tlu^'amendment; and'the
committee have, therefore,"onlya-cted inconform-
ity to their instructions in reporting the amend-
ment. I think myself thai the provision contained
in the original resolution,- that the rate# to be paid
shall not exceed the rates fixed in the schedule of
the War Department of ihe 12th of July, is the-
fairest limitation. " '
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is correct in
saying that the Pennsylvania railroads reduced
the price fixed per mile for the local transportation
of troops one cent per mile, the^usual rate for pri-
vate parties being three cents per mile. They,
however, charge for the transportation of supplies
and munitions of war local rates,instead of through
rates. I stated to the House the other day that
in my judgment the rates fixed by this schedule
of the War Department was entirely too high;,but
inasmuch as the Secretary of War is confined to
the cost of transportation, it seemed to mc that this
limitation was not an unreasonable one.
I would like to say in addition, that upon con-
ferencewith an impartial gentleman, who is famil-
iar with the condition of the railroads in Missouri,
and also with the Secretary of War, I am satisfied
that unless the Government is permitted to pur-
sue a liberal policy towards these roads, it will be
impossible for the companies to keep them in such
a state of efficiency as will meet the wants of the
public service.
Mr. STEVENS. When this bill was under
consideration before in the House the other day,
it was in manuscript, and had not been printed.
I did not know what was in it, and therefore I de-
sired that it should be printed. If Iliad under-
stood it, 1 should certainly have resisted any
amendment of this kind. As I said before, I am
willing to afford some relief to these railroads in
Missouri. I know the difficulties under which
they labor, or at least, I understand some of them.
But inasmuch as the Government, to a great exr
tent, originally built these roads, I do not think
they ought now to claim any extraordinary ad-
vantages over the other railroads of the country.
Now, this amendment, as I understand it, gives
an unlimited discretion to the Secretary of War or
to some person whom he might appoint—some
commissioner, or person out there, to fix the rates
as suits them best. I think the House had better
keep it within our own reach.
I agree with the gentleman from Indiana, that
the original bill is better than the amendment—
that the prices fixed as a basis for ail the railroads
of the country, are a better limit than the amend-
ment provides for. I think the gentleman from
Missouri, in consideration of the way in which
the roads weiu originally built, ought to be willing
that the resolution should stand as originally re-
ported. I think the limitation there fixed ought
not to be taken off, and the whole thing left at
random. I hope, therefore, the amendment will be
rejected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to say upon this sub-
ject simply this: that while I am entirely willing
to vote an appropriation to meet the peculiar cir-
cumstances of these roads in Missouri—for they
are entitled to it—I dislike to vote that appropria-
tion in any such shape as shall be brought into
precedent hereafter for similar action in reference
to other railroads.
It is known that the United States Government
have made not only a liberal, but a munificent
donation oflatid to these railroads, in consequence
of which there was imposed by the Government,
and assumed by these companies, an obligation
to carry troops and munitions of war without
charge, and I am very unwilling to vote for any
bill that can in any way ever be plead as a prece-
dent for releasing roads from these obligations.
I would, therefore, prefer that a bill should be
brought in appropriating a specific sum in viewof
the peculiar condition and circumstances of these
roads, rather than to pass a bill which I am satis-
fied will be plead as a precedent for similar action
m reference to all the other roads.
We all know the pressure that will bo brought
to bear upon us by these loads to be released from
this obligation. I repeat that 1 am perfectly will-
ing to grant, it is perfectly rightthat there should
be granted, some aid to these roads in the peculiar
circumstances in which they are placed at this
time: but I would prefer that it should be a specific
sum for a specific purpose, and to state distinctly
