1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
loyati and therefore loses all bis rights under the
Constitution. Did the frauiers of that Constitu-
tion say so? No, sir. They said that the citizen
thus acting1 was a traitor, and when convicted in
a court competent to try him should pay the pen-
alty affixed to the crime. A, harboring malice
ao-ainst his neighbor, waylays him, stabs him to
the heart, committing willful and deliberate mur-
der with malice prepense; and by this act makes
himself a disloyal man. When he is arraigned
for trial charged with his crime, would any court
listen with complacency to the lawyer who would
rise in his place and urge that, because the crim-
inal was disloyal, that he should not be heard in
court either by himself or counsel, that he should
not be confronted face to face by his accusers, that
he should not have compulsory process for his
witnesses, nor the benefits of a trial by jury ? In-
stead of listening to an argument like this, would
not the court be rather justified in ordering an in-
quest of lunacy for the attorney before he tried
the prisoner, for it would certainly be unsafe to
trust the prosecution of one charged with so high
crime to such hands. So, sir, with the case at
bar; so, sir, with the traitor the same reasoning
would apply with the same force as with the mur-
derer.
But, sir, it may be said that Congress, in addi-
tion to the death penalty attached to the crime of
treason, may affix other punishment in the way
of forfeiting or confiscating the guilty man's prop-
erty. Grant that it may be so, yet, in affixing
this additional punishment to the crime, the power
to do it can only be exercised under the limita-
tions imposed in the Constitution. That instru-
ment in article three, section three, reads thus:
"The Congress shall have power to declaie the punish-
ment of ttea^on ; but 110 attainderof tieason *lial! work cor-
ruption of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the
person attainted."
Now, sir, under this limitation Congress can-
not confiscate or forfeit property for a longer pe-
riod than the life of the owner, and this forfeiture
cannot take place, tf affixed as a punishment to
the crime, till the conviction of the party charged.
If it is made a part of the penalty for the offense,
you might as well hang the criminal before he is
tried, convicted, and sentenced, as to confiscate
his property. In my section of Missouri, if thus
were done, it would be esteemed to be done by
mob authority, and without wanantof law. Ac-
cording to our theory, as it seems to be under-
stood and practiced upon by the A4ministrauon,
we have an Army of upwards of six hundred
thousand men as apoliceforce charged with arrest-
ing those who are guilty of treason, and passing
them over to the civil authorities for punish-
ment.
But, it is said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, in support of this resolution to confiscate
property, that inter anna leges silent. In arms, in
war, or m battle, as you may choose to interpret
it, the laws are silent. This is a high-sounding
phrase, striking upon the ears of the vulgar wnh
wonder, if not with admiration; but I have been
unable to understand its application or force in sup-
port of a proposition to pass a law when, according
to the logic of the gentleman, the laws sleep or are
silent for the time being after they are made. What
idea is intended to be conveyed when the maxim
is used, that when in war the laws are silent? Is
it intended to convey the idea that this country,
when engaged in war with a foreign country, that
the war thus prosecuted or defended suspendsthe
Constitution and laws of the country, and that the
mere pendency of the war confeis upon the Exec-
utive and Congress unlimited power to do what-
ever to them seemeth good? Does it mean that
the judiciary or civil power of the Government is
subordinated to the military; or, in other words,
that the only law is that of foice or arbitrary will ?
Such a meaning would destroy our whole system
and convert a constitutional government into a
military despotism. Oui fatheis have had the wis-
dom to repudiate this idea by providing in the
organic law that the military arm of the Govern-
ment shall be always kept in subordination to the
civil. Does it mean that an armed soldiery shall
enter the premises of the citizen, take his horses,
cattle, hogs,and corn,andwhen told bytheowner
that they are acting in violation of law, they make
to him a sufficient reply when they say, that m
war the laws cannot operate ? Does it mean that
an armed soldiery can enter, as they did in my
State, a village—the county seat—take possession
of it, burn it, destroy from three to seven hundred
thousand dollars' worth of property, and also
burn in the vicinity of it the mansion of a Senator
in Congress, who had'been quietly, ever since the
adjournment of Congress, and was at the time
with his family in northwestern Virginia, and a
sufficient reply to all this found in the maxim that
the laws are silent? Such, sir, cannot be its in-
tendment. I pass from this digression.
It is also asked by those who advocate the pas-
sage of this resolution: shall all other property of
rebels be subject to forfeiture and confiscation, and
slave property exempt? Surely not; but treat it
as you do other property. When you confiscate
the wagon, do you sink it in the sea? when you
forfeit the horse,do you give its carcass a prey to
the vulture? or do you confiscate it to the use of the
State, converting it into money, first, paying the
honest debts of the citizen who forfeits, and re-
taining the surplus for the use of the State? This
is cei tuiuly the natural course for the law to take;
but this resolution does not propose to treat this
as other property. All other kinds of property
but slave property are to be used for the purpose
of paying the debts of the original owner first, and
then the remainder to go into the publicTreasury;
but slave pioperty is to be destroyed, and no
longer to be considered as property. Under this
resolution, injustice of the most flagrant kind
would be perpetrated. A citizen ofVirginia, loyal
to the Government, has, upon the faith of his
neighbor's property in slaves, become his cred-
itor, knowing at ihe time that his neighbor's only
ability to pay rested in this kind of property.
Under this resolution his debt would be made
worthless, and he left to whistle to the winds for
his pay. This may be meting out justice by the
Government, but it is a kind of justice with which
the minds of the people have never been familiar-
ized, and with which I trust they nevei will be-
come acquainted.
In this point of view, then, an insurmountable
objection presents itself, to my mind, to the pas-
sage of the lesoluiinn or bill to confiscate slave
property. But, sir, the passage of such a law
would be doing great injustice to the loyal men of
the seceded or involutional y States. In the con-
duct of tiiis war, and in the hope entertained of
restonng the authority of the Constitution m the
revolutionary States, the Government has acted
upon the idea that theie is a huge Union element
in those States opposed to the lebtllion. I do not
believe that such is the case, for excluding West-
ei n Virginia, Eastern Tennessee, Maryland, Del-
aware, Kentucky, and Missouu, my belief is that
the people of the revolutionary States stand al-
most a unit upon the question. But, for the sake
of the argument, admit that the loyal feeling in
those States is in the pioportion of one third or
one halt, would it be doing justice to them to de-
stroy their propeity and render it valueless by
turning loose upon them one half or twu thirds of
the slaves of those in revolt? It seems to mc not,
sir, and they would be compelled, in their own
defense, to manumit their slaves. What, sir, would
be Us effect upon the m iferial wealth of the coun-
try? The estimated value of all the property in
the United States is, I think, about twelve thou-
sand millions of dollars. Tins war in all proba-
bility will not cost the country m money, to say
nothing of the depieciation of property m value,
less than $1,000,000,000. This resolution pro-
poses at one dash to blot out almost three thou-
sand millions ofdollais' woith of property. De-
preciation in the value of property caused by our
troubles will probably not amount to less than
§1,000,000,000 more, placing it at a decrease of
one twelfth.
In this point of view another powerful reason
presents itself to my nnnd why this measure
should be defeated. I will not elaborate it, font
is seen at a glance, and needs but a presentation.
The great and leading objection to the proposition
is that it violates the Constitution, our organic
law. I acknowledge no necessity which will au-
J thorize Congress to legislate m contravention of
I the Constitution. We are not sworn to legislate
ij according to necessity and circumstances, i am
for maintaining the Constitution, and when that
is said evei ythingissaid. The Constitution makes
the Government,brings it into being. The Union
of the States is one of the consequences ofits adop-
tion. It is the ligament, the bond which binds
the Union together; break it, and to the extent that
you infract it you destroy the Union. Thatman,
and only that man, who disregards his obligations
to the Constitution is a disuniomst. It creates
and organizes the best Government ever made for
man, and we can only transmit the blessings of
that Government to our posterity by maintaining
the Constitution in all its parts.
Now, sir,m y judgment is that this whole slavery
question ough t to be postponed. At the very thresh-
old, at the very outset, after the battles of the Rev-
olution had been fought, the independence of the
colonies established, and the imperfections of the
Articles of Confederation had been demonstrated,
when our fathers met to adopt a Constitution, to
form a more perfect union, &c., they found three
classes of persons to be provided for—the rod man,
the black man, and the white man. What did
they do with them? They were about making a
Government to be founded upon the virtue and in-
telligence of the governed, upon the idea thatthose
who were to become the subjects of that Govern-
ment possessed intelligence enough to perceive
the right, and virtue enough to do what their in-
telligence prompted. Let us learn wisdom from
them, for surely they were as patriotic as the pa-
triots of the modern times. What did they do with
these classes? Did they elevate the red man to a
condition of equality with the white man, by con-
ferring upon him the right to vote, and making
him eligible to office, to a seat on this floor? They
did not, and why ? Simply because lie was not
capable of self-government. Savage in his dispo-
sition, cruel in his nature, brutal in his passions,
dwarfish m his intellect, he was not fit to govern
himself. He would hunt and fish, roam the prairie,
chase the buffalo, shoot the deer and the antelope,
but he would not work, he would not be civilized.
So they left him without conferring any benefits
upon him under the Constitution which they had
met, to adopt.
So with the black man; they found him in his
native wilds a barbarian, a savage, degraded al-
most to the level of the brute. They found him
also a cannibal in his habits, cruel in his nature,
brutal in his passions, dwarfish m his intellect.
They found him in his native State almost too
indolent to gather a precarious subsistence from
the spontaneous productions of nature; that he
had never invented eithei a spade, hoe, or plow.
They found him in the State to which he had been
t ianspoiled, moralized, Christianized, and semi-
civilized, a most useful instrument of labor, with
every inducement of interest as well as humanity
on the part of his master to feed him well,ciothc
him well, and work him model ately. They did
not believe that he should be elevated to an equal
place with the white man in the Government, and
hence they made no provision for him m that Con-
stitution, except as a slave, and conferred no ben-
efit upon him under it. They left him as an in-
strument of labor in the hands of his master; and
so deeply were they impressed with his utility us
a laborer that they inserted a clause prohibiting
Congress from forbidding the slave tr.ide for nearly
one fourth of a century after the adoption of the
Constitution. This Congress should treat the
question as our fathers treated it, and not com-
plicate the questions of the day by pragmatical
interference with it.
For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, and others
as cogent which might be assigned, I shall vote
against either one of the propositions which have
been Jiitiodnced.
Mr. ALLEN obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask my colleague
to allow me five minutes.
Mr. ALLEN. I desire to submit some remarks
this evening, but my colleague asks me to allow
him about live minutes of my time, and the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Edwards]
about fifteen minutes, audit those two^gemlemen
will punctually yield the floor at the expnatiou
oi that time, that i may then have it, I will give
way to thorn.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will do so.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly I will.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 yield now to my colleague for
five minutes and then to the gentleman from New
Hampshiie for fifteen minutLS, and then I trust
the committee will permit me to submit my re-
marks this evening.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I
have waited patiently for three days for this the
