2788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June -18,
not want a Pacific railroad bill, but we want a
Pacific.road; and anything that I can do for them
to secure the completion of that great work, I am
ready to do. In my opinion the Senator from
Vermont commences at the wrong end. The
larger reservation should be made from tl\p in-
terior sections of the road, for the reason that for
each mile oftheinterky&sectionsthe company will
get public lands, but-it is not so with the branches
either in Nebraska or Kansas. As has been said
by my colleague, the main branch up the Kansas
river will not get an acre of land until it reaches a
distance of some one hundred and fifty miles, I
suppose it is safe to say; and the branch from
Leavenworth, and the branch from St. Joseph,
will not get an acre of land. Neither of the Kansas
branches will get an acre of land, and the larger
reservation,in my opinion, if theargument of the
Senator from Wisconsin is worth anything,
should be made with the interior sections. If it
is in order, I move to amend the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont by striking out " fifty,"
in the first branch, and inserting " twenty," and
by striking out " twenty-five," in the second
branch, ana inserting " ten."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amendment
to an amendment is pending, and a further amend-
ment cannot be received; and although in filling
blanks the question must first be put on the long-
est time and the largest sum, there is no blank to
be filled in this case.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I give notice that I
shallmove this amendment if the other is voted
down.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine being withdrawn,
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas is in
order to the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. At the suggestion of
the Senator from Ohio, I move to strike out" fifty"
and insert " twenty,"and to strike out " twenty-
five" and insert "ten." ["Oh, no."] I think
that will satisfy my constituents.
* Mr. GRIMES. Leaving this reservation at thirty
per cent, will not, m my opinion, operate to the
injury of the parties who really desire to have this
road constructed. The contractors on the road
will go on and build it, knowing that this amount
is to be reserved, and they will have a lien on this
amount of money in the hands of the Government,
which is to be paid over to the company for their
benefit when they shall have completed their con-
tract. It is not an unusual thing, and it is not an
unusual amount to be retained.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that this being a very long road,
it probably will not be let out m contracts in the
ordinary way, but will be let out by sections of a
hundred or two hundred miles, or one of these
prongs will be let out by itself. It is not probable
the whole road will be let at once.
Mr. GRIMES. Nobody knows how it will be
let out; but I apprehend it will be let out just as
other large railroads were let out; just as the Il-
linois Central railroad, several hundred miles in
extent, was let out. Everybody will make his
contract, knowing precisely the terms on which
the grant is made; precisely the terms on which
the company is to receive money from the Gov-
ernment; and it will be just as safe and just as
satisfactory to the company, and just as satisfac-
tory to the contractors, and I believe much more
so, to know that this money is held in the hands
of the Government, subject to be paid over to them
when they have completed their contract, than if
we place it at once in the hands of the company,
to be diverted for some other purpose, buying
rolling stock,paying salaries, or anything of that
kind. I believe it will be more to the advantage
of the company,and we shall secure the comple-
tion of the road much quicker if we adopt the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont as pro-
posed to be amended by the Senator from Maine,
than if we leave the thing entirely open.
Mr. CLARK. It is to this last idea tin-own out
by the Senator from Iowa that I wish to address
myself, and that is the time of the completion of the
road. The Senate desires, undoubtedly, that this
road shall be completed at as early a day as pos-
sible. If you hold back a considerable portion of
the money, the contractors will say to themselves
" the sooner we build it, the sooner we get through,
the sooner we get our money," and every con-
tractor and every stockholder on the long line of
the road wilt find it to be his interest to finish the
road through as soon as possible. If you retain
thirty per cent, on these eastern branches, every
one of these eastern branches will become a lever,
so to speak, to roll on the great enterprise. Every
one of them Will be interested to carry through the
main stem of the road, as the Senator from Ver-
mont calls it, because when it is through they
get their money, so that the more we retain the
more earnest we make these men to carry it
through.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire whether the railroad
company will ever draw this reservation. Why
should they draw it when it lias to be repaid at
the end of thirty years? I have no idea that the
railroad company will ever draw a cent of the res-
ervation. If the road is finished in 1876, and the
money is to be paid back within eighteen years of
that time with six per cent, interest, they will not
draw it at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bonds become deliv-
erable for sections of the road forty miles long.
Suppose they finish a section of forty miles, and
bonds become due to them for that section. The
provision is that we reserve a certain percentage
of those bonds m the Treasury for them. The
interest on those bonds goes on and belongs to
them, and when the road is finished they get it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Vermont does not understand the bill as I do. The
Government is not giving this railroad company a
cent
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not talking about
words.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The bill proposes to
loan to the company for thirty years the Govern-
ment bonds drawing six per cent, interest, to be
paid back^vith the interest, and in my opinion,
as far as I have examined it, the Government busi-
ness that the road will do will pay the interest
upon the bonds.
Mr. COLLAMER. So much the better for
them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. After the road is com-
pleted, why will they draw the reservation out
with a knowledge that it is to be paid back ?
Mr. CLARK. I think I can answer the Sena-
tor ft nm Kansas. When they get the road through,
they may have private debts, they may have got
credit somewhere else, and they may take our
bonds to satisfy those debts, so as to have all they
owe m one place. If they have not got private
credit, they will build the road cheaper than I think
they will, and will have had enough when they
have got through.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am one of the Sen-
ators who believe that this road, when completed,
will be one of the great paying thoroughfares of
the world, and if the creditof the company is good
when the road is completed, what necessity will
they have to draw the bonds which have been re-
served ?
Mr. CLARK. That only shows how we differ.
The Senator from Kansas thinks it will be a good
paying road. I believe that if thegood God were
to make that road for you, right through, you
could not form a company in the country to-day
that would run U without failure; but we will not
discuss that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I heard the same re-
mark 
Mr. CLARK. I believe I am entitled to the
floor. That is not the point of discussion here.
It is only advancing the opinions of Senators
Whether I am right or not, I do not build the
road because I think it is to be a paying road; I
build it as a political necessity, to bind the coun-
try togc.ther, and hold it together, and I do not
care whether it is to pay or not; here is the money
of the Government to build it.
Mr. WADE. Then da not be so sharp with
the rn.
Mr. CLARK. 1 am only sharp with them, if
the Senator from Ohio will call it so, in order to
make it clear that the road will go through. I want
to hold a portion of this money until we get
through, and thenletthem have it all. That js not
beina: sharp.
M r. LANE, of Kansas. I want to ask (he Sen-
ator from New Hampshire a question. Do 1 un-
derstand him as expressing the opinion that eight
or ten thousand dollars a mile, eight thousand, as
he proposes, will build the road?
Mr. CLARK. I have never said it; I never
thought of it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I understood the Sen-
ator so to express himself.
Mr. CLARK. I have said no such thing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the Senator
from New Hampshire to understand that, so far
as I comprehend it, the theory of this bill is to
make the Government the only creditor, and I hod
hoped that Congress would give enough to com-
plete the road.
Mr. CLARK. I have understood no such
theory in the bill as that of making the Govern-
ment the only creditor; but I have understood
that the theory of the bill was to advance them so
much money for each mile, with the lands, to en-
able them to buiid the road. I want the stock-
holders to own a part of this road. I do not want
the Government to furnish the whole of the money;
because when the stockholders have an interest in
it,nt will be better managed and better cared for,
and will better subserve the great purposes of the
Government. That is one great objection I have
to the Senator's Pawnee branch, and to others;
because I want individuals to invest money, as
well as the Government, m that portion of the
country where the roads can be built with so large
a donation or loan from the Government, to make
it a joint operation between the people and the
Government.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the Senator
from New Hampshire to understand me. I have
had some experience in building railroads in the
West, and I have never yet known a road to be
built for less than $25,000 a mile. The Govern-
ment does not propose to advance more than
$16,000 to build a road that will cost over $25,000
a mile. The stockholders then will have' an in-
terest of $9,000 per mile.
Mr. CLARK. That may be in many cases, so
that what is furnished for a particular section will
not build it, but what is furnished for other sec-
tions will, perhaps, more than build it. That,
however, is not the point. To secure this road,
I want to retain for these branches and fot the main
stem a certain portion of the money, to be paid at
the end, so that it will go through. That is the
gieat point. 1 desire to carry it through, and I
say to Senatois that, in my deliberate judgment,
they are more likely to carry it through with this
provision than without it, because it will bring to
their aid a vast amount of private capital and pri-
vate strength and private energy that they will
not get without it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I km very much surprised
to hear a Senator who pronounces himself m favor
of this measure make the remark that if God Al-
mighty should make a first-class road to the Pa-
cific free of cost and expense, there could be no
company found in the United States who would
undeitake to run it. I heard a remark of that kind
many yeais ago, but from a person who was the
bitterest enemy o*f this road. Mr. Bayly, of Vir-
ginia, in the House of Representatives, made ex-
actly the same remark; and how a man can say
that he is a friend of the enterprise and that no
one can afford to run it, I cannot understand.
Mr. CLARK. I can tell the Senator, if he will
allow me a moment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. You did not allow me a
minute a<ro.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is entitled to the fioor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If, when parties are called
upon to put m themselves under this bill at least
§50,000,000—for private capital will have to be
advanced to the amount of $50,000,000 at least—
it is a fact and truth that the road cannot be run,
are you going to rob the country of its wealth now
by inviting men into such an enterprise? If the
road cannot be run, jf it is true that it cannot be
run, why build it; oris the Government to iuii it,
and havu the benefit of the forfeiture of $50,000,000
of private capital to accomplish a great public pur-
pose ? Is this just? Is tins the sound basis of any
true and proper legislation ? I think the gentle-
man did not exactly mean what he said. Cer-
tainly, if he did, he is not a friend of the enter-
prise in any form, shape, or manner, for it is a
thing not fit to be done.
Mr. President, I do not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate; I have sought to avoid debate. If
