1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2789'
the policy of this bill is sound, and the amounts
fixed $16,000, §32,000, and $48,000 per mile are
proper amounts to be advanced upon tile comple-
tion of particular sections of the road, and it is
desired to secure tile full completion of the road,
why not give a bonus of §10,000,000 if the road
is completed in 1870, or §5,000,000 if it is com-
pleted in 1872, or §2,500,01)0 if it is completed in
1874 ? Wily not do that, as you give a bonus to
telegraph companies? You want to promote the
rapid and certain execution of the enterprise.
Why not offer inducements' These amounts have
been fixed in the bill with exact reference to the
present aid required to complete the road. I can
see neither justice nor wisdom in withdrawing
from Ihe parties whom you propose to aid a por-
tion of the aid requisite for the enterprise.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire simply to say in regard
to what I said, to winch the Senator seems to
have taken objection, that the road could not be
tun by any company at the present time, I mean
as the country now is, if you weie to build itfrom
the Mississippi through; but the railroad is the
creature of civilization, at the same time that it
aids it, and the time may come, in the advance of
the country, when the road may run itself, when
it possibly may pay. But the Senator wants to
know why 1 shall vote for it with my idea in re-
gard to its paying. I vote for it as a political neces-
sity, as a political desideratum. By the time that
you get it through, I apprehend that there will be
a very great difference in the country from what
there is now. 1 do not mean to say that the time
never will come when the load will pay, becausc
there may be a thousand branch roads going into
it, and it may be like other railroads in that
respect. That is not what 1 meant to assert.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 misunderstood the gen-
tleman.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senator misunder-
stood me in regard to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let me see wheiner we
understand each other. When 1 drew the amend-
ment, I drew it in reference to what I knew to be
the expressed opinion of the Senate heretofore.
The Senate heretofore, in passing this railroad
bill, fixed on a reservation of thirty per cent, upon
the whole road. That was m our bill passed by
the Senate two years ago, I think. In drawing
my amendment I had reference to that. Now, re-
serving fifty per cent, on the branches, and twen-
ty-five per cent, on the main body of the road to
the west foot of the Sierra Nevada mountains, does
not reserve thirty per cent, on the whole; it is a
good deal less than it was in the other bill. I un-
derstand that the last motion of the Senator from
Kansas was to change fifty per cent, m the amend-
ment proposed by me to twenty per cent., and
twenty-five per cent, to ten or fifteen per cent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose twenty per
cent, in one place and fifteen m the other.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 will not say that that
amounts to nothing; it is a good deal better than
nothing; but I want to answer one suggestion of
the Senator from Kansas. He avows it as his
opinion that this road will probably be a profita-
ble one. If so, then the company will pay the
United States whatever they lojn ; but he seems
to think there is something in this proposition
inconsistent with that. If they aie to pay back
the money we loan them, is it a privilege to
them to get considerably more to pay back? Can
they not just as well let itstand reserved? There
will be the accruing interest on it belonging to
them. But he says thev are to pay back principal
and interest. Then the less they have, the less
they will have to pay; andeven if it is a profitable
and successful business, they will lose nothing by
this reservation. If they have the money, they are
to pay us the interest on it if they are able; and if
they do not have it,they will not have it to pay.
There is nothing, therefore, in that argument.
The proposition is simply to reserve a cei tain per-
centage as security. If gentlemen would take the
measure suggested by the Senator from Maine-—
that is thirty "per cent, instead of fifty, and twenty
instead of twenty-five—I should be very well
content with that; I could satisfy my people with
that; short of that, I doubt it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I only judge the pros-
. pects of this road from what I know of the busi-
ness as far as Kansas is concerned; and I ^ay that j
according to the business now done, the railroad
from Kansas City to Fort Riley, and from Fort
Leavenworth to Fort Riley, will pay the interest
on the amount loaned by the Government tlje
moment it is completed.
Mr. LATHAM. If I understand the object of
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont it is
to guard against the possibility that the ends of
the road wili be built and the center be unbuilt.
He fears that the end companies mentioned in this
bill may want to claim all the privileges, immu-
nities, and rights granted by it, and that after they
have done their work, there will not be induce-
ment enough for the Union Pacific railroad com-
pany to go on across the desert and the mountain.
It strikes me that the most the honorable Senator
ought to ask would be a retention on the ends.
The grant of lands in the center and over the
mountains amounts to nothing. The only bonus
that they have there is the money that they get.
It seems to me that the whole object the Senator
has would be attained, if he would make a reser-
vation upon the ends, the reservation being an
inducement to them to go on and complete the
central route in older to prevent a forfeiture of
what is reserved.
Now, let me say to my honorable friend that
it will be just as much as this Union Pacific Rail-
road Company can do, with all the grants of the
bill, to cross the central portion of this continent.
They have got a great task upon them, and in my
judgment, instead of making leservatioris, if it
were possible there ought to be additional induce-
ments, in order that they may oveicome leally the
gieatest if not the only obstacle in the whole un-
dertaking. Some estimate was made by the Sen-
ator from Kansas as to the cost per mile of rail-
roads—§25,000, 1 believe. A company has had
an actual survey made of the expense of a line
through the Sierra Nevada; they have fixed it as
much as they can by demonstiation, arid the cost
will not be less than §98,000 per mile. They have
eighteen miles of solid lock to pass through where
the land is utterly worthless, and yet there, under
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont, there
is a reservation of twenty-five per cent., or even
twenty per cent, when you go to the lowestfigure.
I say that in regard to a company coming over
the Sierra Nevada and crossing the desert, there
should be no reservation whatever, but the Gov-
ernment should give them the full amount per mile
when the work is completed.
Mr. POMEROY. The error, I think, under
which the Senator from Vermont and others
labor, is the impression that roads can be builtso
cheao. It is an entire mistake to suppose^ that
the aid which the Government renders, even if we
get the §16,000 a mile, is anything like an amount
sufficient to build the road.'A road thatwill reach
the gentleman's own Slate in New England, by
the Connecticut river, to get to Vermont, costs
§58,000 a mile. That is where you have a sur-
plus of labor, where you have machine shops,
where you have founderies, where you have every
convenience for building a road. Is it supposed
that out on the border, where we have not ma-
chine shops or founderies, where the freightori our
iron costs us two dollars and a half a ton, we can
build a road for §16,000 a mile ? if fifty per cent,
of that were retained, it would just get the rolling
stock after the road was built.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is very
important to have an executive session of a few
moments for the purpose of acting on one or two
matters of importance, and if we do not go into
executive session now, we shall have an adjourn-
ment in a few minutes.
Mr. CLARK. Let us vote on this amendment.
Mr. wilson, of Massachusetts. Veiywell.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Vermont more especially
to the wot ding of this amendment which he pro-
poses; and I desire to say that if the wording of
the amendment is to be retained, I should infi-
nitely prefer 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator will gne way for an executive session.
Mr. HENDERSON.^ The few words I am
gom" to say, I wili say in two minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Say them
in the moi mng.
Mr. HENDERSON. I give way; but I did
not expect to occupy more than a moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned. .
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jane 18,1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thom#s H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order to
be the motion to lay upon the table the appeal
taken from the decision of the Chair in reference to
the report from the select committee on the eman-
cipation of the slaves of rebels.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF ENLISTMENTS.
Mr. OL1N took the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that debate was not in
order.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House for leave to report back, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, Senate jointresolutioa
No. 88, to encourage enlistments in the regular
Army and volunteer forces, with a view of putting
it on its passage.
There was no objection, and the joint resolution
was read through.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, if the House has
listened to the readingand understood the resolu-
tion, I am persuaded that nogentleman will have
objection to its being put upon its passage. The
resolution, in the first place, repeals a law passed
in July repealing a law which had previously ex-
isted for a long time in regard to the encourage-
ment of enlistments in the Army. That law au-
thorized the payment of two dollars to any person
who should bring to a recruiting officer and pro-
cure the enlistment of a soldier in the Army. And
m the second place, the resolution authorizes the
payment of one month's wages m advance to the
soldier who enlists in the regular or voluntear ser-
vice. The object of this resolution is to facilitate
enlistments; and as the soldier is sometimes em-
barrassed by little obligations which he is anxious
to defray before entering theservice.it was thought
this provision would enable him to discharge such
obligations The resolution applies to the volun-
teer service as well as to the regular service. It
is simple in its provisions, easily understood, and
1 hope it will be immediately passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
have this to say in reference to the pending reso-
lution: one portion of it meets with my approval,
and another portion does not. So far as it relates
to the enoouragementof enlistments in the regular
Army, I fully approve of the resolution. I also
approve of the provision which encourages enlist-
ments in the organized regiments of volunteers
now in the field. But,sir, 1 am opposed to giving
this bounty to aid in raising new regiments of vol-
unteers. I am opposed to it because if it is passed
we will not be able to obtain recruits for the regular
Army, or for the organized volunteer regiments
now in the field. We all know that reports from our
armies show that the organized volunteer regiments
in the field are greatly reduced by active service.
Some of them have not more than one fourth ot
the number authorized by law for each regiment,
yet they have a full complement of officers. There
are not more than one hundred or two hundred
men in some regiments. We ought to desire to
see those regiments filled up to the Anny stand-
ard. I desire to see those regiments reciuited, and
I am willing to give the soldier who will enter one
of those old regiments the bounty provided in this
resolution. If you give the bounty to all recruits
you will then get no recruits for the regular Army
or for the regularly organized volunteer regiments,
because the" recruits will prefer to go into the new
organizations, where they will have an opportu-
nity to elect their own officers. Now, is it not im-
portant, is it not necessary, that you should fill up
the fully organized regiments which have been re-
duced by those who have been wounded or killed
in battle, by sickness, and bytho.se who have
been discharged on account of disability? 1 believe
the House will agree with me that it is necessary
to fill up the regiments of the regular Army and
organized legnnents of volunteers, so that they
may be made more efficient; and to do that, we
must withhold this boun'y from regiments just
being raised. If the gentleman from New York
will confine his resolution to the regular Army and
