1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
earliest occasion presented for a personal expla-
nation.
in a speech delivered in this city the other
day—not in this House—certainly not in the Sen-
ate?—no such speech could have been tolerated in
an American Senate—1 find the following :
" I accu>e thorn [tin-. Democratic party] of a deliberate
puipo^e to a^ail, tlnough the judicial tribunals and through
the Senate and the Uou-.eof Representatives of the United
States, and everywhere else, and to overawe, intimidate,
and trample michr foot, if they caii, the. men who boldly
stand fmth in defense of their country, now imperiled by
tin- £i<;ai)tic rebellion. I have watched it loner. 1 have seen
it in sectet. i have seen ltd movements ever since that
p.utv got together, wiih a colleague of mine in the othei
House as cliau man of the committee on re-ol tit tons—a man
who never had any sympathy with this Republic, but uhose
every breath is der'oted to its destruction, just as jar as his
heart dare permit him to so."
Now, sir, here in my place in the House, and
as a Representative, I denounce—and I speak it
advisedly—the author of that speech as a liar, a
scoundrel, and a coward. His name is Benjamin
F. Wade.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is out of order.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee will do me the justice to believe that I should
not rise at this late hour to make a speech of any
length. I should not, sir, rise at all if it were not
that the bill before the committee was introduced
by me and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and is now reported back by them
with an amendment, in the form of a substitute,
and that I am desiious of submitting a few re-
marks u^on the bill and substitute which I may
not have another opportunity of doing.
It is true that I should have been glad of the
opportunity of placing my poor sentiments before
the committee upon the great subject which has
been under discussion for the last two days to the
exclusion of every other, and which seems to have
lost none of its interest—referring, of course, to
ihe question of confiscation; but I shall not at-
tempt it now, and if I shall not have the oppor-
tunity hereafter, shall content myself, as 1 have so
far done, with expressing my opinions m relation
to it by my votes. I should have been s;iad, ton,
to have listened to the gentleman from NewYork
[Mr. Diven] who desired to speak this afternoon
on the same subject; but I am constrained to say
that 1 think there are other subjects equally de-
serving some share at least of the attention of the
House. I regard the measure now before the com-
mittee as one of that chaiacter. For the last two
months 1 have been endeavoung to pla«-e before
tile Ilouse the claims of a class of the community
who cannot speak for themselves, and whose nat-
ural guardians—those upon whom they would
have relied to speak for them—now sleep buried
under the soil of what was to them and is to us
almost a foreign land. I refer to the widows and
heirs of the volunteer soldiers who have laid their
lives on the altar of theircountiy. The committee
has reported back this bill in a shape which makes
it a general appropriation bill, and has thereby
given an opportunity for this general discussion,
m which, I repeat, I do not design to paiticipate.
The amendment which the committee has reported
is perfectly satisfactory, so far as the subject-mat-
ter of the bill is concerned, and 1 hope that the
House will give its prompt attention to the matter.
Sir, there are aheady filed m the Second Au-
ditor's office applications from a large number of
those persons asking this small pittance from the
Government, which it has piomised and the pay-
ment of which it delays. It is due to them that
there should be no further unnecessary delay m
these payments, if we have any consideration foi
the dead oi foi the living. Each payment is to
close an account. L"t us look at that account a
moment and see what Hems compose it. Every
$100 proposed to be appropriated in this bill will
settle finally the account of tile Government with
the representatives of some one volunteer who has
fallen in its service. On the one side, the Gov-
ernment stands a d'-btoi tor a prompt response to
its calls in its hour of danger, with the service
pcrfoimed, with the hardships endured, and his
life laid down as a saci ifice in the \eiy prime and
vigor of eai !y manhood ; and on the othei side the
Government will stand credited with the pay of
thntecn dollars a month and some little clothing
and an inconsiderable bounty at the outset, and by
a furthoreredit of the paltry sum it shall now pro-
vide. This bill is to close that account finally and
forever so far as concerns sixty thousand deceased
soldiers. How immeasurably it will still leave the
Government indebted to each. I sav, then, sir,
that it is our duty to pass this bill without further
delay. It was said at first that there was some
doubtabout the interpretation of the existing law,
but the Attorney General has removed that doubt,
if there was any. There could not, however, have
been any doubt about it with any one at all accus-
tomed to the reading of statutes.
Mr. Chairman, I do not expect to trouble the
House again in reference to this hill, and as it is
now late, and there is a disposition to adjourn
after hearing the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio upon a different subject, I will only express
the hope that tins House will not hold this bill as
a convenient arrangement for general discussion
hereafter; but that at its next session it will, un-
der the pievious question, hasten its passage, and
at once provide the means necessary for discharg-
ing this liability of the Government, than which
none is more sacred or imperative.
Mr. ALLEN lesumed the floor.
Mr. WASH8URNE. 1 desire to say that it
was on my suggestion the other day that the
House gave to the committee leave to report back
this bill at any time. No man can appreciate more
than i do the truth of the remarks of the gentleman
fiom New Hampshire, [Mr. Edwards.] Such a
measure as this is due to those brave soldieis of
my own State who were killed or wounded at
the battle of Pittsburg Landing, and other battles,
i hope that the gentleman from Ohio will give
way that tiie committee may report the bill to the
House with a view to have it passed immediately.
Mr. ALLEN. I have already yielded twenty
minutes of my time, and must decline to yield
further. I shall not occupy all the time to winch
I am entitled, and trust the committee will indulge
me m concluding my remarks this evening.
Mr. BLAKE. I appeal to my colleague to give
way to nio a moment.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 would like to extend every
courtesy to my colleague, and if it be only to make
a single rematk, I will yield.
Mr. BLAKE. Does mv colleague yield to me?
Mr. ALLEN. I would like to be courteous;
but I cannot yield any fuithei.
[Mr. A. then addressed the committee. His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman per-
mit this bill to be jeported to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois that the hill will
require some consideration. I am not sure that
the amount appiopriatrd is not too much by a
million of dollars. It is haidly pioper that a
bill appropriating so large an amount should be
pushed through without due consideration.
Mi. W A S li BURN E. If a member of the Com-
mittee of Wavs and Means uuei poses an objec-
tion of this kind, 1 cannot of couise urge it.
Mi. F. A. CONKL1NG. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise, with a view to adjournment.
Mr. DIVEN. I wish to make an inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. DIVEN. I am aware it is not, but I sup-
post* that an inquiry may be made.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Wasiibuune
having taken the. ch\iv as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Walton of Vermont leported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stale of th< Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly House lull No. 413, makto<r an
appropnution foi the payment of the bounty to
widows and Ipjcal heirs of volunteers who have
died or who may die, or have been or may be
killed in service, as provided m the act of July
22, 13Gl,and had come to no conclusion thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SEXATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Forney, its Sicretarv, announcing that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 184) to truth on ze the
X^nsidentof the United States to appoint d'plo-
matic representatives to the republics ot llayti
and Liberia respectively, in winch he was di-
rected to ask the loncunence of the House.
rifiltSOXAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BLAKE. Mr. Speaker, a short lime since
when my colleague [Mr. Vallandigham] got the
floor, and made some desultory remarks 
Mr. COX. What is before the House ?
TheSPEAKERpro tempore. For what purpose
does the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Blake] rise ?
Mr. BLAKE. For a personal explanation.
TheSPEAKERpro<empore. Is there objection ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If it relates to me
I shall, of course, have the same privilege ex-
tended.to me, and with that understanding 1 have
no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the gentleman from Ohio making a
personal explanation?
Mr. COX. I will not object if the same privi-
lege be extended to my colleague [Mr. Vallan-
digham] to make a reply.
Theie was no objection.
Mr. BLAKE. Mr. Speaker, I was not aware,
when my colleague [Mr. Vallandigham] com-
menced his remarks, that he referred to a mem-
ber of Congress. ] understood him to say dis-
tinctly that no member of this House had made
the remarks to which he referred, and that cer-
tainly they were not made in the Senate, because
the Senate would not tolerate such remarks. I
therefore paid little attention to my colleague till
he came to the close of his rematks wherein he
denounced a Senator from Ohio as " a liar, a
scoundrel, and a coward." Now, I wish to call
the attention of the House to the fact that my col-
league perpetrated these remarks on the House
under the false pretext that they were not made
m reference to a member of Congress.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On what ground
does the gentleman cail his colleague to order?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Because he states
that I uttered that sentence under a false pretext.
I will take down the gentleman's woids.
Mr. BLAKE. I desire to change that a little.
If my colleague wishes me to be more explicit, I
will utter something which my colleague may take
down. I say, then, Mr. Speaker, that my col-
league utteied the remarks which he made in ref-
erence to the Senator from Ohio under the false
declaration that they were not to be made m ref-
erence to any member of Congress.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, I call the member
from Ohio to order, on the ground that his re-
marks are of personal application to me, and I
call for the decision of the Chair on that point.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
on the left will proceed in order.
Mr. BLAKE I sought the iloor immediately
after the gentleman dropped into his seat for the
purpose of calling him to order, and for The pur-
pose of having the words uttered by him in refer-
ence to the Senator from Ohio taken down. I have
since constantly sought the floor, but this is the
first opportunity I have had to call the attention
of the House to the matter. In doing so now, I
ask that the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
my colleague, may be taken down in order that
the House may take subsequciHaction thereupon.
I desire, however, first to say to him and to the
House that his character and the character of the
Senator to whom he has referred are well known,
and I do not rise here to repel any charge of liar,
any charge of scoundrel, or any charge of coward,
coming from the source from which these charges
now proceed. The Senator from Ohio is too well
known in my own State and in the United States,
and my colleague is too weil known, to make it
necessary to answer any declaration comingfrom
my colleague. 1 repeat, they are both known to
the people of that State, they are both known to
the people of the United States, and I am willing
to let them stand upon their own record for their
own defense.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am known, sir,
in the State of Ohio, having somewhat the advant-
age of my colleague in that respect. I am known
to the people of my own city also, and i take oc-
casion to saythatou theTthofthe piesent month
the issue was there made at the polls whether
should be indorsed as a public man and a public
servant in my public conduct here and-elsewhere,
and the verdict of the people of that city upon that
: dneet issue was returned in my favor in the per-
j sons of my friends, by a majority of one hundred
I and forty-eight, being a change since last October
I of six hundred and forty votes.
