1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. BLAKE. Was the gentleman a candidate
in that election?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No, sir; but the
issue was made directly, and if the gentleman
questions it, I propose to read the resolution upon
which it was made.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise to a question of
order. I cannot see that this has anything to do
With the matter before the House.
The SPEAKER^jro tempore, The Chair thinks
the gentleman from Ohio is in order; and he will
proceed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. A convention was
held in Dayton, where I reside, by the party to
which my colleague now belongs, a combination
or fusion of Republicans and other elements of a
mixed character, opposed now to the Democratic
party. This regularly-called city convention, in
nominating its candidates,adopted a platform con-
taining but a single point. It was extraordinary,
sir, indeed, that such a platform should have been
made,forgetting the high purposes of an election,
and containing but a single issue, and that merely
personal to a fellow-citizen, appealing to the peo-
ple of that city to vote for candidates solely upon
that personal issue. But the platform was in these
words:
" Resolved, That we will take the occasion of our en-
suing city election to make it known to all men that the
city of Dayton repudiates ClementL. Vallaniuuiiam
and lus organ, the Dayton Empire, and rebukes them for
their refusal to support the Government in its death strug-
gle with treason ; and to the end that this rebuke may be
made the more emphatic, we cali upon all loyal men, with-
out respect to party, to vote lor the Union, anti-Vallan-
digham, aim-Empire tickct this day nominated."
Sir, that direct issue thus proffered was openly,
flatly, and boldly accepted by my friends, and
after a violent contest of three weeks, the election
resulted in the success of the entire Democratic
ticket, from mayor down, upon that sole question,
by an average majority of some two hundred,
against four hundred nnd ninety-two fusion ma-
jority at the State election last fall. The issue was
indeed unworthy even of a municipal election, and
it is not fit that it should be named here, except
m reply to the member from Ohio. That, sir, is
all that I have to say m regard to it.
The request of my colleague that my words
may now be taken down, comes quite too late.
The rule upon this subject is emphatic. And
although I am ready to meet here and elsewhere
any responsibility that may arise from anything I
have uttered, yet my colleague shall not deprive
me of my constitutional rights as a member of
this House.
Mr. BLAKE. I should like to know what my
colleague means by elsewhere. I know of no
place to meet these issues but here.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, sir, this city
comprises several square miles within its circum-
ference, the District of Columbia is somewhat
larger, the State of Ohio includes a yet more ex-
tended are*vof territory, and the United States are
very much larger still. 1 believethatcoversallthat
comes under the denomination of " elsewhere,M so
far as regards my present purposes. I mean out-
side of the House. I need say nothing more beyond
that now. Any explanation or negotiation de-
manded or proposed outside of the House, will, of
course, be responded to according to the manner
in which it may happen to be presented. I neither
seek nor shun controversy with any gentleman.
Anything done inside, must be settled in accord-
ance with the Constitution, the laws, and the rules
of the House.
Now, in the first place, I deny that I have vio-
lated any rule. 1 took a paper, and read from a
printed speech that which related to me person-
ally, and which contained a foul and infamous
libel which the uttercr knew, ar the time, to be
false and slanderous. He, the member from Ohio,
talk now, indeed ! of the opprobrium of the epi-
thets, "liar," "scoundrel," and "coward!"
Does he not know that the word " traitor" enters
here nosv covered ten times over with the leprosy
of reproach; and am I to sit in this Hall un-
moved while that epithet is insinuated against me,
in all its taint and foulness, by a member of the
Senate, it may be, where 1 have no chance to meet
and huil it back on the spot as it deserves? Am
I to bear it calmly any longer,uttered by any re-
sponsible person ? 1 tell you, nay. And when I
choose to meet and brand it as a man and as a
gentleman should meet and brand it, am I to be
called in question here and the first offender go
acquit ? Sir, I referred to the man, not to the Sen-
ator. My manner of allusion was in accordance
with ancient parliamentary usage; and if the mem-
ber from Ohio had known anything about pailia-
mentary usage, he would have known that, fol-
lowing the practice of the Irish and the British
Pailiaments, I said nothing for which I could
properly be called to order in debate. I put a sup-
posititious case, and no man can, under parlia-
mentary precedent, object to it. That, sir, is my
first answer.
But I scorn to stand upon that point alone. If
what I said has been out of order, let the member
from Ohio go to the Senate first and there vindi-
cate the violated obligations of parliamentary de-
corum. Is it disorderly for a member of this
House to refer to a member of the Senate, and
yet exactly in order for a Senator to denounce a
member of this House, who sits here not by your
consent—although you have the right to exprd
him, two thirds concurring, if he has been guilty
of a sufRcien tly grave offense—but under the same
Constitution and laws, and by the equal, nay,
better title of the will of the people—to denounce
him as "a man who never had any sympathy
with this Republic, and whose every breath is
devoted to its destruction, just as far as his heart
dare permit him to go?" And has the member
from Ohio no holy indignation against a Senator
who has thus wantonly, and in violation of all
parliamentary law, slandered a Representative in
this House ? Sir, let him go to the Senate, where
those false words were uttered, if they were ut-
tered in the Senate, and let him see to it that that
body shall first vindicate its obligations to the
members of this House, before he dares to call
me to a reckoningfor words spoken in retort here.
How docs he know that the words spoken by me
had leference to a Senator? But no; suppose they
had, what of it? Was not the retaliation just
what he deserved? Could anything less have
expiated the offense? Sir, I spoke of him as Ben-
jamin F. Wade, an individual, a citizen of my
own State, and made no allusion to him as a Sen-
ator. He was the aggressor; he provoked the
retaliation, and it was deserved. 1 pass by his
assault upon the Democratic party. That party
will take care of itself.
But, sir, independent of all this if I were out
of oider, it is too late, under theposuivc and pei-
cmptory language of your uiles, to make inquisi-
tion into it now. 1 repeat again, that, assailed as
I have been, persecuted and hounded as I have
been for twelve months past, not to speak of foi mer
years, I have a right to throw myselfback immov-
ably upon the strictest law of parliamentary pro-
ceeding, and insist upon every right and privilege
which the Constitution, the laws, and the rules of
this House give to me. The 62d rule of the House
is peremptory upon this subject. It is in these
words:
" If a member be called to order lor words spoken jn de-
bate, the peison calling him to order shall repeat ike wot
excepted to, and they shall be taken down in writing at the
Clerk's table; and fio member shall be held to answer, or be
mhjcct to the censuie of the House, for words spoken in de-
bate, if any other member has spoken, or other business has
intervened, alter the words spoken, and before exception to
them shall have been taken."
That is the rule, sir, and there is no evading
it. It has been acted upon in this House on sev-
eral occasions. The question was decided once,
when the words were applied to a member of the
House in his presence, and under that rule, and
because the words excepted to were not at once
taken down, the House did not inflict its cen-
sure, as in that case it otherwise deservedly might
have done. In another case Mr. Shf.rmak, of
Ohio, instantly rose, and demanded that the ob-
jectionable words should be taken down, when
uttered by Mr. Houston, of Alabama. They were
taken down and censure moved, but the motion
was finally withdrawn after explanations, and the
case thus disposed of. Such, sir, is the rule, and
the practice under it; and yet my colleague comes
now here, and asks that the Constitution shall be
violated, which authorizes and requires this House
to establish its rules; and the rules themselves over-
ridden. And for what? To censure me for words
spoken of one who has basely traduced my char-
acter as a loyal citizen and Representative, and
made a charge against mo which I choose here-
after to meet only just as I have met it to-day.
Sir, the accusation which he preferred he knew
could not be established. This House had failed
even to make inquisition into it, because it was
without even a decent pretext for inquisition. He
knew that when a resolution of inquiry merely
was offered here, it was withdrawn by the mover
after debate. He knew all that, and yet wantonly
and without provocation renewed the charge of
disloyalty.
Sir, the rule declares that the words must be
taken down at the time. They cannot be reduced
to writing; after another member has spoken, or
other business has intervened. No censure can
be inflicted for words taken down an hour after-
wards, and not at the Clerk's desk. On that sub-
ject I am perfectly indifferent, and it is with the
utmost reluctance that I throw myself upon the
indulgence of the House to make this explanation.
The gentleman has made his. I have made mine,
and am content. Whenever the Senator from
Ohio 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is out of order in alluding to a member of the
Senate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I could not avoid
it after the reference to him as Senator by my col-
league; but I retract it. Whenever Benjamin P.
Wade 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is again out of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have not finished
the sentence. Whenever Benjamin F. Wade
shall take back the false and slanderous accusation
which he has made against me, I will take back
the language I have applied to him; but not be-
fore.
Mr. BLAKE. I have not desired to do my
colleague injustice. I was amazed to hear the ie-
marks which fell from his lips in regard to the
Senator from Ohio. I felt, as a Representative
from Ohio, that that State had been insulted—
shamefully insulted—by the remarks which fell
from my colleague's lips.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. May I ask a ques-
tion ?
Mr. BLAKE. Wait until I get through.
I have not read the speech to which the gentle-
man refers. My colleague said that that speech
was not made here, nor was it made in the Senate
of the United States, becausc, as he said, such re-
maiks would not be tolerated in that body. I had
a right to presume that no such remarks as he was
about to characterize would fall from a Senator's
lips. Since I heard his remarks, I have obtained
the floor as soon as I could, to call him to order
and have his words taken down. I do not desire
to do my colleague injustice, but I will say this:
I infer from the remaiks that he has made, that
the Senator from Ohio has characterized him as a
traitor. Am I right?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The language of
Benjamin F. Wade was, that I was a man who
never had any sympathy with this Republic.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Both the gentle-
men from Ohio are out of order.
Mr. BLA ICE. I desire to say that three fourths
of the people of Ohio look upon my colleague in
the same light.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And three fourths
of the people of Ohio denounce the gentleman him-
as an abolition disuniomst.
Mr. HUTCHINS obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I decline. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, and offer for adoption the follow*
ing resolution; and on its adoption I demand the
previous question:
Whereas Hon. 0. L. Vallandigham. a member of this
House, of the State of Ohio, in Committee of the Whole
made use of the toliowmg language concerning lion. 13. F.
Wade, a Senator m Cohgre&s :
•'Mr. Chan man, I have waited patiently for three days
for this the earliest occasion presented for a personal expla-
nation. In a speech dehveied in this city—not in this House
—certainly not in the Senate—no such speech oould have
been toleiatcd in an American Senate—1 find the foliow-
ing:* * - * *
" Now, sir, here in my place in the House, and as a Rep-
resentative, J denounce—and 1 speak it advisedly—the au-
thor of that speech a> a !iai,a scoundrel, and a coward.
His name is Benjamin F. Wadk."
And whereas said lemarks are a violation of the rules of
this House, and a breach oi it* decorum, and deserve the
censure of the Rouse : Therefore,
Resolved, That C. L. Vallandxgham, for said violation
of the rules of the House and its decorum is deserving of
censure, and is hereby censured.
