808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
bantedtQ at least twice their former value. The Govern-
ment has, tbcrefjre. lostnothing by its munificence. Where
railroads have suffered, as some have, peculiar disasters
from ati almost total suspension of their ordinary business,
and from injuries done to them merely because they have
been regarded as important lines of transit for Government
troops and stores, a stern enforcement of tins right could
hardly be distinguished from plain injustice. In such cases
it would seem that the right ought to be maintained merely
as a salutary chock against extortionate charges or a refusal
or indisposition to furnish to the Government all proper
facilities for the transportation of ttoops and stores."
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. That is from the
report of the Judiciary Committee, and although
they report against the roads so far-as the obli-
gation is concerned for tliem to perform the ser-
vice for the Government, yet they say it would bo
manifest injustice in a case of this sort not to pay
the roads. So that we have the Judiciary Com-
mittee, the committee on Government contracts,
and we have the commission now sitting in St.
Louis all recommending, in effect, the payment of
a. reasonable compensation to these companies for
services which they have heretofore performed, or
may hereafter perform for the Government.
Mr. Speaker, one or two general reflections, and
X have done. I presume that at the time of the
passage of the law of 1852, granting these lands
to the State of Missouri to build these roads, no
man contemplated that we should ever have such
a state of things as now exists in this country.
There is no doubt that the legislators of that day
contemplated that we should have foreign wars,
and that the Government would have use for these
ratfcoads in transporting its troops and supplies.
There is no doubt that the legislators of that day
contemplated that we should have difficulties with
the Indian tribes upon our western frontier, and
that the Government might thus have use for the
railroads in the transportation of its troops and
supplies. But I venture to say that the man who
would have made a prediction in 1852 that at this
time the American people would be engaged in the
agreeable pastime of cutting one another's throats,
would have been regarded as a madman. I say,
therefore, that wo have a state of things existing
the country never contemplated by the law-makers
of that day, and therefore that the roads ought to
be paid for any services which they may perform
for theGovernment.
The question, Mr. Speaker, is simply this,
whether these roads must be abandoned by the
companies, or whether the Government will pay
them and enable them to go on. As I have already
stated, they arc both largely in debt. The private
credit of the presidents and other offlceis of the
roads has been employed for the purpose of keep-
ing the roads in operation, and if the Government
should refuse to pay, and to pay liberally, the re-
sult will be that the companies themselves will
have to abandon ihe roads, and turn them over to
the Government. And I assert that the companies
are much more able to run these roads economic-
ally than the Government is. Every man knows
that it would cost the Government from twruty-
five to fifty percent, more to run these roads than
they cost the companies. If these roads should
be abandoned, as a matter of course they fall into
the hands of the Government, and at a greatly in-
creased cost of transportation. I say, thd¥oforc,
that it is best for the Government to pay these
companies liberally and let them continue on in
their patriotic mission of serving the Government,
and let the Government pay the roads for all the
services that they may perforin for it.
One more remark, and 1 close. 1 regret that
members of the House do not seem to appreciate
the precise state of tilings which now exists in tho^
unfortunate Slate which I in part represent. If
they did, I am sure they would not withhold a
liberal compensation from the railroad companies
there who have so well exerted themselves in sus-
taining and carrying on the put poses of the Gov-
ernmentduringthis rebellion. Surely, Mr. Speak-
er, if ever there was a time when a liberal policy
should be pursued by the General Government
towards the people of any State, it is at this time
towards the people of the State of Missouri. Sir,
these corporations in Missouri do not come here
as mendicants at the feet of the General Govern-
ment. They come here asking only that which is
fair and right and equitable. They desire nothing
more. Circumstanced as we arc at this lime, we
think the Government ought not to hesitate in act-
ing a liberal part towards us.
Mr. Speaker, the people of the State of Missouri
appreciate and understand, perhaps, as well as the
people of any other State, theadvantages and bless-
ings of this Union. They have no idea of giving
it up. They mean to stand by it. They mean that
their State shall continue to be the pathway of the
nation to the western Territories ot the Pacific
coast. If I understand the temper of the people
of the State of Missouri it is their intention .that
that great State shall remain, a strong iron link
that shall bind together forever the distant States
of thisUnion. They mean to remain in this Union
as long as any; other State remains in it. They
mean to remain in the Union as longas their
mighty river shall continue to roll its turbid waters
from the mountains to the ocean. They mean
never to give it up. And they trust that the Gen-
eral Government, when called upon under cir-
cumstances like these, will come forward with a
liberal spirit, and enable them to carry; out the
practical purposes which they have in view.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, the de-
termination of the question now before the House
is a matter of great magnitude and importance,
inasmuch as it will doubtless serve as a precedent
for the policy of the Government towards all the
various railroad companies which have received
grants of public lands. When the preamble and
joint resolution were read the other day, from the
'Clerk's desk, I, in common with other gentlemen
around me, was misled by the phraseology, which
is this:
" And whereas the ability of said railroad companies to
transport the property and troops of the United States over
their respective railtoads has been greatly impaired by the
destruction of bridges, depots, and otlici pioperty ot" said
companies, and the paitial destruction of said roads by the
public enemies."
We were led to suppose that these roads were
in a disabled condition, and that the practical
question presented to the House was, therefore,
whether the roads should be put in order, and thus
be made useful to the Government, or whether
they should remain entirely useless. The gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Rollins] in reply to a
question which I addressed to him, informed the
House that the burned bridges had been rebuilt,
that the stations had been leplaced, and that the
roads were, in all respects, in perfect order. We
come then to the naked question, whether the
Government ought, in justice to these roads, to
pay them the exorbitant rates for the transporta-
tion of the propertyandtroops of the Government,
fixed by the schedule of the lxJth of July last?
Now, the gentleman from Missouri has fur-
nished the House with a good deal of valuable in-
formation in reference to the grants of land by the
Government to these two companies—tho Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph and the Pacific Railroad Com-
panies. But, sir, I think he has failed to state all
the essential facts, and I propose to supply the
omission, in doing so 1 will, I think, answer
l'auiy the inquiry made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania as to the quantity of land received
from the Government by these companies. In the
act of 10th June, 1852, entitled "An act gi anting
the right of way to the State of Missouri, and a
portion of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State," the right
of way through the public lands is granted to the
State of Missouri for the construction of railroads
from the town of Hannibal to the town of St. Jo-
seph, and from the city of St. Louis to some point
I on the western boundary of the State, with the
; right also to take the necessaiy materials, earth,
1 stones, and timber, for the construction thereof,
I from the public lands of the United States adja-
| cent to said railroads. So much for the right of
| way. Let us now see what it is that the com-
I panics receive in the way of land grant. Thesec-
j ond section grants to the State of Missouri, for
the purpose of aiding m making these railroads,
j every alternate section of land designated by even
numbers for six sections in width on each side of
' said road. It is not alternate sections as tliegen-
: tleman from Missouri [Mr. Rollins] informed the
i House.
! Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman from
New York is mistaken as to that. The grant is
for alternate sections in even numbers. The odd
numbers arc the alternate sections.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I understood the
statement of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Rollins] to be that the company received alter-
nate sections for only one mile in width on each
side of the roads.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The companies re-
ceived alternate sections for six miles on each side
of the roads.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. That is precisely the
point of difference. I understood the gentleman's
allegation to be that the grant to the companies
was of alternate sections a mile in width on each
side of the roads.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. For six miles.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. That was the point
which I wished to bring to the attention of the
House. The second section then grants the alter- i
nate sections of land, designated by even numbers,
for six sections, or in other words, six miles in
width on each side of the road. The third sec-
tion provides that the sections of land which by
such grant shall remain to the United States within
six miles of tho road shall not be sold for less than
double the minimum price of the public lands.
The fourth section contains tho reservation of the
rights of the Government. It reads as follows:
"Aid be it further enacted, That the said lands hereby
granted to the said State shall be subject to the disposal of
the Legislature thereof for the purposes aforesaid, and 110
otiier;and the said railroads shall be and remain puhl ic high-
ways for the use of the Government of the United States
free from toll or other charge on the transportation of any
property oi troops of the United States."
That, then, was the condition precedent on which
the companies accepted this grant of lands. From
the beginning, there has been a wide diversity of
opinion in all sections of the country as to the
wisdom and justice of the policy of giving the
lands, which are the property of the whole Union,
to these railroad corporations. These lands have
been acquired by the Government in various ways.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York what was the price of the
public lands at the time of the passage of this law?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I am not able to an- ^
swer from positive information. I suppose the
price was $1 25 per acre.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. And by the law
the price was raised to $2 50. All the public lands
on the Pacific railroad have been sold for §2 50
an acre, and therefore the Government has real-.
ized just as much for half of them as it would
otherwise have realized for the whole; and were
it not for the building of the road, the public lands
would piobably—judging from our experience in
the West—not have been sold at all, even at$l 25
per acre. The result is, that for six hundred thou-
sand acres of land held by the Government along
the line of that road, it has received §1,500,000,
whereas if the road had not been projected and
built, the lands would have come under the oper-
ation of subsequent laws reducing the price of
public lands to twelve and a half cents per acre;
and the Government would not have received more
than fi300,000 out of the whole. Tho Government
has therefore made a clear profit of $1,000,000 out
of this grant.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I suppose that, what
has been good for the Government has been good
for the company. That, I think, is a short answer
to the whole statement.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from New York says that what is good for the
Government was certainly good for the company.
I will show him in a few words why that is not
so. The company could not under the law sell
any of those lands until a certain portion of the
road was completed; and before any considerable
part of the road was completed the prices of the
public lands had been reduced to twelve and a half
cents and twenty-five cents an acre. The result
was, that persons desiring to purchase land went
a little off the line of this road, where they could
get them at twelve and a half cents per acre, rather
than buy of the railroad company at §2 50 per
acre.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Inasmuch as the gen-
tleman from Illinois has withdrawn his proposed
amendment, to the effect that the provisions of this
resolution shall apply to thp Illinois Central rail-
road and its branches, I had not intended to refer
to the relations of that company to the Govern-
ment. But I propose to do so now very; briefly, for
the purpose of illustrating my view of this whole
matter, and as a reply to the remarks just submitted
by the gentleman from Missouri.
The Illinois Central Railroad Company received
