1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a grant of land from the Government of the Uni-
ted States, to the amountof two million five hun-
dred and ninety-five thousand andfifty-threeacres;
and it is my purpose to state what they have done
with that land, and what they propose to do with it.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I beg to ask the
gentleman from New York if he places the Illi-
nois Central railroad upon the same ground that
he places the Missouri railroads upon, in view of
the facts pertaining to each of these roads?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. When the gentleman
from Illinois withdrew his amendment, the gen-
tleman from Missouri thanked him for doing so,
and intimated, as he did a moment ago, that there
was no just analogy between these companies, the
Illinois Central railroad having received a much
larger grant of land, and a considerable sum of
money from its sale.
Now, sir, I had taken the pains during the prog-
ress of the gentleman's remarks to compare the
two acts of Congress granting the right of way
and a donation of land to the State of Illinois for
the construction of the Illinois Central railroad
and its branches, and granting the same light and
privilege to the State of Missouri for the construc-
tion of the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad and
the Pacific railroad. I find that they are almost
precisely the same in terms, and that the provisions
of the two bills arc, in substance, precisely the
same. The only sense, therefore, m which the
remark of the gentleman from Missouri is cor-
rect, is, that the Illinois Central railroad and its
branches, being of greater length than either of
those other roads, received on that account, and
on that alone, a larger grant of land. That is the
only difference, so far as the donation of land is
concerned.
I desire now to state what the Illinois Central
Railroad Company has done with its lands. In
the report to the shareholders, made at a meeting
of the board of directors, held at their office in the
city of New York, on the 4th day of February,
1861, I find this paragraph:
"Landed Propctty.—lt is ten years since the act of Con-
gress eonlVneit upon the State ot Illinois th<' giuntof l.uub.
In 1852 Mi. Robot liantoul, w ith maikedabihtv, presented
to Ins co-directois and the public his views of the elV :et
upon the population and resouices of Illinois bythecon-
Kiuction of tins lailvvav, and the consequent advance in
the value of piopeity. Mr. Rantoul predicted that the cen-
sus of I860 would show over one million seven hundred
thousand population in Illinois, and that lands, in twelve
to foui teen yeais, would connnnnd twelve dollais per acie.
The rea^onm* was conclusive to his associate*, in Pice of
tile fact that Illinois counted at that period only eight han-
dled and fifty thousand soul?, with a ^pace eovcung neatly
twenty thousand Mjuare miles, m the center ol the State,
neaily destitute of population, and that upwaids ol eleven
millions of acres of land in the State weie offeied for sale
by the Government at $1 25 pur aeie. At a later day, the
directors had to contend with piejudices in legaidtothe
health of thepiaine oountiy, and the general ronviction
that the Government Und:> in Illinois and the States wv>t
of it, would, toi one {feneration at lea^t. at £'1 25 per acie,
prevent any piaine iantN. destitute ol j'uol, leachin? such
extravagant valuer. The' great extent of the. lands of the
noithwe-'tcin 'JVmtoty was appaiemiv the ^tiongf^t ai«u-
ment against the JulliUment of Mi. Rantoul's piedietious,
and one which time alone could solve. The Illinois prai-
ries have piovcd to be peileetly health), and the supply of
coal and wood is ample. The pionept iia^gone beyond Illi-
nois to Kansas and Nebraska, and has discovered, practi-
cally, the limit oi available land tor agricultural purposes.
Those elevated arid legions, <hy in summer and cold in
winter, aie too near the great desert of almost peipetual
drought. The Government surveys and meteoiological
observations icndei it certain that the limit of good lands
between the thnty-seventh and lorty-sccond paiallels has
been teaehed, and that the annual outpouring of the east-
ern States will fettle upon the lands ot Illinois and Iowa.
The mo<t important eiop, that of Indian corn, nncei tain
in the States noith of these; and evejv season Jarmeis move
down horn Mmne-ota and Wisconsin to the milder and
more genial climate of Illinois. i?o Jong as Missouri and
Kentucky continue slave States, the lands in those States
will not compete with the land-- of Illinois, and this Slate
will stand in i elation to Mtesouii as Olno ha-, lor many yeai<s
in relation to Kentucky, absorbing the emigration, and the
value of land will incieae-e in direct latio with the gain in
population. The coitus of ISol) hhow* one million beven
hundred and twenty-nine thousand population in Illinois—
neaily one thud ol'the entue gain m population of the six
noithvve^iern States within the last ten ye:ur> l-5 within her
borders. The value of land has quadiupled m lhe->e ten
yearn; the tide of emigration to llhnm* i-^ constant, and
with fifty pei ccnt. more added to the population it seems
demonstrated Unit land will double m value. Ilcnec, I ni-
lei, that the unsold half of our InncH will, duung ih•-* next
ten years, command neaily double the amount leahzed for
the first half, and to secure this L would suggest the policy
of gradually advancing the puce, without, however, receiv-
ing a single aeic fioin sale. After d< dueling upw.udsof
one million of dollars of sales made m 13j." . uj>on whu-h
paities have failed to respond to I heir engagement.*, our net
sales are one million two hundred and s-ixty thou-and two
innidied and seventy-thtee and lorty-siv hundredths acres,
at an average of §12 67 per acre, equal to $15,990,330. Of
this $15,995,380, upwards of twenty-five per cent, or the
sum of $-1,195,398 have been collected in cash. The aver-
age of $12 67 includes the earlier sales at six to nine dol-
lars per acre. Every acre sold for settlement adds to the
value of the remainder; and I estimate the ultimate pio-
ceeds of our lands as follows:
1,930,273 acres at $12 67 $15,995,380
Town Iota  152,603
200.000 acres to be sold at $13....$2,600.000
200,000 " « « 15.... 3,000,000
200,000 « « 16.... 3.200,000
200,000 « « « 3.600,000
200,000 " « « 20.... 4,000,000
100,000 « « « 25.... 2,500.000
100.000 « « « 30.... 3,000,000
100,000 « « « 40... 4,000,000
34,727   « « 50.... 1,730,350
    27,636,350
2,595.000
$43,781,333
Now, sir, I suppose that the case of these rail-
road companies m the two States ofMissouri and
Illinois is not very dissimilar, except that one
State is cursed by slavery and the other is not.
And what is said of the great value of the lands of
the Illinois Central Railroad Company, present
and prospective, I suppose will apply very nearly
to the lands of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Com-
pany and the Pacific Railroad Company. There is
no doubt fhnt the property granted to these com-
panies is of immense value; and while it may be
true, as the gentleman states, that the Government
has famished no part of the $13,000,000 required
for the construction of the Pacific railroad, U has
given land which, in all human probability, will
not only repay the entiie cost to the shareholders,
but produce a large surplus in addition.
But, sir, the gentleman from Missouri has pre-
sented the claims of these companies in another
shape, and one which it seems to me is, if possi-
ble, more exceptionable than that which lias keen
considered. He urges their claims upon the ground
that they have sustained a great deal of damage
from the public enemy; that their track has been
in part destroyed, their depots and bridges burned,
and their culvei ts broken up. This is one of a
species of claim of which, I dare say, we are des-
tined to have a great many in the future. What-
ever the House may do in this case, 1 trust the meas-
ure will not be adopted upon any such ground. I
have been unable to inform myself as to the amount
of damage which these companies have actually
sustained or what is the extent of their losses by
the depredations of the rebel forces. I have seen
it stated m the public papers—whether correctly
or not I do not know—that General Halleek, as
soon as he was assigned to the department of Mis-
souri, levied upon the inhabitants of the counties in
which these outrages wore committed an amount
of money sufficient to cover the damages sustained,
and to reimburse the companies for their losses.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will allow me, I desire to correct his information
in this respect. There lias been no contribution
levied upon the citizens of any of the counties bor-
dering upon the Pacific railroad, and there have
been no contributions levied upon the citizens of
any county bordering on the Hannibal and St.
Joseph railroad, except Marion county, in which
a single bridge, perhaps, was burned on the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad,and one on the road
from Marion to Glumcy. In other words, there
have been no contributions levied upon the citi-
zens of any other county in Missouri, for this pur-
pose, except Marion.
I will state further, with the gentleman's per-
mission, as I endeavored before to state in my re-
marks, that the damages committed upon these
two railroads have been repaired by the companies
themselves with money borrowed by the direct-
ors upon their individual credit. They have re-
built the bridges, repaired the roads, and put them
in running oider.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then itjustamounts
to this: that the outrages perpetrated upon these
roads were either crimes committed against the
laws of Missouri, or they were the ravages of war
—one or the other; in one instance, to be punished
by the courts, and in the other, to be borne like
the destruction of all other property incident to
the movements of armies and the fighting of bat-
tles.
Mr. luOLLINS, of Missouri. If the gentleman |
will allow me to interrupt him again, I desire to j
say that these railroads have been mostimporlant j
aids to the Government in its militaryopeiations >
in the State of Missouri; and I submit to the gen-
tleman from New York whetheraroad upon .which
the employes every day and every train are'sub-
ject t to be killed is to be placed upon tlie sarne
footing with other roads which are in no danger
from the war, and particularly where the road in.
the first instance is almost altogether in the em-
ployment of the Government?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. My vicwof the sub-
ject is that this road has suffered like other roads--*
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, for instance-*-
which runs through a section of country where
armies have been moving, and where the destruc-
tion of property incident to the existence of hos-
tilities has taken ptace. And I repeat that the
proposition to compensate these companies for-
sucn losses is one which, in my judgment, this
House ought not to adopt. The precedent which
will be established will entail claims upon the Gov-
ernment to an almost limitless extent in coming
time. I intend to vote against the entire resolu-
tion. I consider the proposition one which can-
not be supported either by reference to the con-
ditions upon which the grants of land were made,
or upon the principles of justice and sound policy.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Before the gentle-
man from Indiana moves the previous question
upon this joint resolution, I desire the opportunity
to submit a few observations upon it.
. Mr. HOLMAN. I will yiela to the gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to state that
this is a matter affecting the interests of the State
of Missouri itself, because these roads were in fact
built by the State of Missouri. The money was "
supplied to those corporations in most part by the
State of Missouri. My colleague, who has ad-
dressed the House, has shown how inequitable it
would be to exact the performance of this contract,
if it can be so called, on the part of these railroad
companies. He has shown conclusively that the
Government in making these donations of land,
made money; that it sold the reserved sections
of land which would have been unsalable but for
these roads, for double what was before asked for
them. The Government realized from one half
of the lands what it would have realized from the
whole of them, as well as making sale of them
sooner than it could have done under any other
circumstances. Indeed, without the construction
of these roads it might have not beenable to have
sold them at all. So then in donating these lands
the Government has lost nothing. And my col-
league has shown that so far as the grants of land
to the State of Missouri for railroad purposes are
concerned, neither the State nor the railroads,
comparatively speaking, have, up to this time,
derived anything from them.
But there is a fact more important than all. At
the time that these grants were made the state of
things winch now exists was not and could not
have been contemplated by any human being. It
could not have been anticipated cither by the
recipients of the lands or those who voted them.
Here is a state of affairs totally unexpected.
These railroads have been compelled to devote
their entire energies to the Government, instead
of doing what might be only an incident in their
carrying trade. I say that my colleague has
demonstrated that it would be inequitable for the
Government, under the existing circumstances,
to claim the performance of this harsh contract at
the hands of these railroads.
But more than that, I doubt very much, sir,
whether the Congress which passed this act, or
wheiher any Congress since that time, had the
least idea of exacting this contract. I state the
fact that Government officers have never con-
strued this law as the Committee on the Judiciary
has construed it. They have never exacted this
condition from these railroads when they have
carried troops of the United States. They have
always paid to these railroads whatever it was
usual to pay. The Government did not consider
that they had made any such contract with these
companies, but paid for the transportation which
was needed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Have these compa-
nies ever before transported the troops of the
United States ?
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. There is nota month
in the year, nor a week in the month in which
this Pacific Railroad Company has not carried
troops and supplies for the United States.
