1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2791
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
point to be that where the amendments are ruled
out of order, the substitute alone would not be the
report of the committee. The Chair would state,
with the indulgence of the House, that by the rule
he had first read committees must make all their
amendments on a separate piece of paper. They
are therefore reported distinctly by themselves,
and may therefore be rejected without rejecting
the bill to which they are amendments, but the
Chair decided that the committee could not report
them, but that, nevertheless, the bill which they
did report was before the House. From that de-
cision the gentleman appealed.
Mr. MALLORY. if the appeal is not sustained
by the House I will raise another point upon that
bill, as I think the committee have violated the
rule just read to the House, havinginterlined their
amendments instead of reporting them distinctly
on a separate piece of paper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that, under the parlia-
mentary law, although that is not the point before
the House, it makes 110 difference how the com-
mittee did it. The parliamentary law applies to
separate pieces of paper, and if the House decides
that one piece of paper, as an amendment, cannot
come before the House for its action, it leaves the
other still before the House. Amendments are
only pieces of paper attached to the bill, and if the
House decides that the committee had no right to
attach them, it leaves the original bill, the text,
the same as if the House had not decided that the
committee could not attach them. The question
now before the House is upon laying the appeal
from the decision of the Chair upon the table.
Mr. ELIOT. May I say a word in reply to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Kentucky?
[Cries of" No!" "No!"]
The SPEAKER. By the indulgence of the
House the gentleman can bo heard.
Several Members objected.
The question was then taken; and the appeal
from the decision of the Chair was laid upon the
table.
Mr. MALLORY. I claim oyer of the bill in
order to ascertain if the amendments reporled by
the gentleman from Massachusetts are not inter-
lined in the bill. If they are, I claim that that is
a violation of the rule to which the Chair has just
referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that this amendment,
reported by the gentleman yesterday, and which
was committed to the committee under the in-
structions of the House, is withoutany interline-
ation. Accompanying it is a, paper indicating that
at certain points in the bill amendments will be
made. Accompanyingit,also, is an amendment
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, which he
proposed as a substitute. Thathas allthe amend-
ments indicated, written into a separate copy of
the bill. Does the gentleman from Kentucky
desire to have the papers read?
Mr. MALLORY. 1 mean no disrespect to the
Chair, but lam no match for such sharp practice;
I give it up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was simply stat-
ing what had been sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
I believe I have a right to call for the manuscript.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has.
Mr. ELIOT. It is there.
Mr. MALLORY. I want it read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
original bill.
Mr. MALLORY. That one, I suppose, has the
indorsement of tlie Clerk.
The SPEAKER. This is the original bill, and
the Clerk will lead the indorsement on it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'Olay 33, 1862—Rejected
"June -1.1862—The vote by which hill was rejected, re-
considered, and recommitted to the select committee on the
confiscation oftiie propeity ot" rebels, with mstiucnous to
leport the tame with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute, namely: strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert: (sec within)."
The SPEAIiER. Does the gentleman desire
to have the substitute read through ?
Mr, MALLORY. 1 do not. What I wish to
get at is whether the amendments reported are
interlined in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that this is the state of facts. The bill,
the indorsement on which has just been read, is
the bill which was first reported by the committee,
and was subsequently recommitted to the commit-
tee with instructions to report a substitute offered
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Porter.]
Mr. MALLORY. Wow, is that substitute in-
terlined?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will finish his
statement. The instructions were in writing, and,
as the Chair is informed, they were sent to the
printer, as is always the case, printed, and returned
again. This substitute was reported back yester-
day by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask for the read-
ing of the indorsement by the Clerk and the cap-
tion of the bill, as reported by the committee.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Jnne 37, 1863. Reported within substitute under in-
structions of House—Eliot to amend amendment—pend-
ing question on point of Older."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Now read the
caption of the bill as reported.
The Cleric read, as follows:
"Mr. Eliot,fiotn select committee on confiscation, re-
ports the following bill andceitain amendments."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
the bill read through?
Mr. -KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask for the
reading of the interlineations.
The SPEAKER. There are no interlineations
in it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. What the Clerk
has read is interlineation.
The SPEAKER. That is the caption,stating
what the gentleman proposed to report. It is al-
ways done in order that the Clerk may make out
the record. Does the gentleman desire any fur-
ther reading at this time?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts reports from the committee on confiscation
bill of the House No. 272, with a substitute which
the House instructed the committee to report.
The gentleman from Massachusetts offers a sub-
stitute for that substitute, and the first question
will be upon the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and upon which he is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
an inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. ELIOT. I will hear any inquiry.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have sent to the
document-room for the purpose of obtaining the
gentleman's amendment, and I am informed that
it is not printed.
Mr. ELIOT. Oh, yes, it is printed. I have
a copy here.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have had no
opportunity to examine it.
The SPEAKER. All the amendments were
ordered to be printed yesterday.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I know that; but
I sent a page for a copy, and was informed that it
was not printed.
The SPEAKER. The printer did not send up
the documents until a little after the House met.
They should have been here earlier than that.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 desire to know
whether it is the intention of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to ask that this bill shall be put
upon its passage to-day.
Mr. ELIOT. My own desire would be to have
that done. I am content, however, to yield in
that matter to the wish of the House, either to
have it done to-day or to have an early day fixed
for the vote. [Cues of " Vote to-day!"]
Mr. PORTER. I wish, if it is in order, to offer
an amendment to the substitute reported by the
special committee, and to have it read at the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit that
theie are two amendments already pending.
The SPEAKER. There arc two amendments
pending
Mr, PORTER. I then ask the gentleman from ,
Massachusetts, in order to produce harmony j
among the friends of the measure, to accept my j
amendment as a substitute for the one which he i
has offeied. ■
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection to the gen- j
tleman from Indiana inserting what he proposes j
to offer m his own bill, reported back by the com- j
mittee. i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I shall have 1
serious abjection tov permitting the re-port to be
amended by any one member of the'House with-
out a vote. You aire rxot going to introduce that
loose practice here.
The SPEAKER. No change in the rules will
be permitted by the Chair knowingly? without the
unanimous consent of the House; but the gentie-
man from Massachusetts is appealed to by the
gentleman from Indiana to modify his own amend-
ment, which he would have a right to do.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is due to tfly--
self that I should state that my remark was made
in answer to a suggestion of the gentleman' from
Massachusetts that he had no objection to the gen-
tleman from Indiana modifying his own amend-
ment. It is not his amendment now.
The SPEAKER. So far as the number of-
amendments js concerned, there can be no other
amendment offered unless it is an amendment to
the original bill.
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is willing to accept mine, n^fcas a substi-
tute, but as an addition to Jhis amendment. I wish
to say that that cannot be done, because the
amendment which I propose is incompatible with
that offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts
to the second section. At the same time, while
it is incompatible, it accomplishes everything de-
sired by the gentleman from Massachusetts, and I
am sure that, if accepted, the machinery of the bill
would be quite as efficient, if not more so, and it
would at the sametime harmonize the friends of the
measure. I am not specially wedded to the machin-
ery of my substitute. What I desired in offering
the substitute was to limit the slaves to be eman-
cipated to the classes specified in the first section
of the bill. If it be thought that there are defects
in the machinery of the bill, I am as ready as any
member on the floor to have them corrected. But
there are gentlemen here, friends to the measure,
who are not willina:, as 1 understand, to vote for
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, while they will vote for the
amendment which I now propose as a substitute
for that. It is to insert, after the word " labor,"
in line forty-six, page 4 of my substitute, the
following:
But upon the affidavit, or affidavit and proof as the case
may be, required by this section, having been exhibited by
the claimant, the person so held to service or labor shall be
declared fiee} where, upon the weight of evidence which
shall be adduced, it shall satisfactory appear to the court
that the claimant has belonged or does belong to any of the
six classes of persons specified m the first section of this
act. Upon the hearing of this question, neither party shall
be permitted to testify, and the court shall cause process to
be issued foi witnesses on behalf of either paity, and com-
pel then attendance, and shall heat the testimony of all
witnesses as well on behalf of the person held to service
or labor as of the claimant.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague yield to me
to suggest an amendment?
Mr. MALLORY. I must object to this farm-
ing out of the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I believe my colleague is will-
ing to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. ELIOT. I do so, sir.
Mr. DAWES. The amendments which I de-
sire to propose for my colleague's acceptance are
as follows :
Sttikeout of the substitute of the .gentleman from In-
diana, page 3, line fourteen, the following woids: " pub-
lish the list of names and an order requiring," and insert
the following: " cause personal notice, whenever practi-
cable, to be served on each claimant, and when such claim-
ant is not known, or is not resident in the county, by publi-
cation once a week for one month, at least,m tlnee news-
paper published in said county, if there be «.uch papers j if
not. by posting up said notice m not less than five different
public places in said county.55
Also, strike our of the thirty-eighth line of the 4ih page
the following woids: " to the satisfaction of the court.^
Mr. MALLORY. I objcct. Let amendments
come in in a regular way.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to put mine in in the
regular way.
Mr. MALLORY. This is not the regular way,
and I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] objects to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] yielding the
floor. It cannot be done except for a personal
explanation.
Mr. DAWES. I understood my colleague to
yieid the floor.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be yielded except
unconditionally.
