1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'811
under discussion, and undertake by them to give
the meaning to the law, which the language of the
law does not justify. The law, as it stands, and
the interpretation of that law, practically, by the
Government ever since, is a^better exposition of
its meaning than any expression used by Judge
Douglas, or anybody else, in a debate made upon
a different question.
Mr. PORTER. I beg to say that when Judge
Douglas spoke, he spoke of these railroad com-
panies and on this precise question, as any gen-
tleman will see by examining the debates.
I have not heard the whole of this debate, on
account of duties with my committee, and I am
not advised of all that has been said. Iam in favor
of relieving the Hannibal and St, Joseph and the
Pacific Railroad Companies of a part, at least, of
the heavy burden of these conditions. I do not
claim that the Government should require of these
companies, which have suffered so much from
rebel violence merely because they have been the
means of transit for Govern ment troops and stores,
to transport troops and munitions of war for the
Government free; but the Government ought not to
relinquish thecondition, and ought not to put such
an interpretation upon the act that it cannot, at
any future time, when circumstances are different,
require these roads to transport its troops and
stores free of charge. We can act liberally with-
out giving up the condition.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, of
course I do not care particularly what motives
will operate upon the gentleman from Indiana to
induce him to do whatis equitable and just in this
matter. I hold quite a different view from him in
regard to the law itself. If, however, he is moved
by other motives to give this relief, I shall be very
well contented.
I have brought up this matter—and I have felt
it my duty to bring it up in this discussion—be-
cause, upon the reading of the law, it appeared to
me very plain, and bccause I hold that the prac-
tice of the Government, for so long a time, "gives
an interpretation to the law, and because, in ad-
dition, this language was borrowed from acts of
Congress in regard to other improvements upon
which nobody pretends, or has ever pretended,
that the companies were to furnish transporta-
tion, but simply the right of way.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. F. A.
Conkling] stated that when he heard the joint
resolution mid at the Clerk's desk, he was dis-
posed to vote for it, because he thought that these
roads were in a crippled condition, with their
bridges all burned and their culverts destroyed,
and were incapable of performing the services re-
quired of them by the Government, but that now
he finds that that is not the case. Now, sir, as
has been stated by my colleague, [Mr. Rollins,]
the directors of these roads, with their personal
credit, have furnished the means by which these
bridges and culverts have been repaired, and they
are still bound for the sums of money which they
raised in order to make these repairs, so as to bo
prepared to meet the requirements of the public
service. They did this in the expectation and be-
lief that they would be reimbursed by the pay-
ment of the amount of money due them by the
Government for the transportation of its troops.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
whether the damage done upon these roads was
occasioned by hostility to the companies them-
selves, or because it was feared that the roads
would be used or were being used by the Govern-
ment of the United States ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Of course. That
was the only motive for the destruction of the
roads.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask, further,
whether as a matter of practice, from the begin-
ning of the Government, it has not been the uni-
form rule of the Government, where private prop-
erty has been taken and used in the public service
and destroyed by the enemies of the country, to
make compensation ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am very much
obiiged to the gentleman for his suggestion. It is
a fact well known to the country and to every
member here, I presume, that the only motive on
earth that these people had for destroying these
railroad bridges and culverts was to prevent the
United States troops from moving over the roads.
These railroad companies were exposed to the
hostility of the rebels simply because the roads
were a convenience to the Government of the Uni-
ted States. And, in addition to that, it was the
duty of the Government to protect them. They
were bound to do it, and they have failed to do it,
although these railroads were a great convenience
to the Government and although without them it
would have cost the Government ten times as
much to transport their troops, and probably they
never could have transported them at all to those
portions of the State where their presence was
required. But if the Government could have done
it at all, it would have cost the Government ten
times as much as is now asked by these directors,
who patriotically came forward and advanced the
money necessary to put in repair these lines of
railroad by which the army of the Government
could be transported to put down the rebellion.
Mr.SHELLABARGER. Iwouldaskthegen-
tleman if he is able'to inform us what propoition
of the stock of these roads is owned by persons
who are engaged in or'arc abetting the rebellion
which has destroyed them ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I believe that the
Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad is owned en-
tirely in the State of Massachusetts. I expect
there are some rebels who own stock in the Pa-
cific railroad, but it is not worth a cent. Whatis
owned by those stockholders is all subject to the
first mortgage of the State of Missouri to repay
advances made by the State. That mortgage has
never been foreclosed, but the bonds of the State
of Missouri, held principally in New York and the
eastern cities, are secured not only by the faith of
the State, hut by the mortgage which the State
holds on this railroad. So that in fact the interest
in the roads is principally at the North, except
such interest as the people of Missouri have m
maintaining public thoroughfares of this kind.
The city and county of St. Louis are stockholders
in the Pacific road, but all their stock is subject to
this first mortgage of the State of Missouri.
Much stress has been laid by some gentlemen
who live in the sea-board States upon the munifi-
centgrants oflandsgiven to these railroads. Now,
every particle of value which these lands in the
West have is derived from the western people and
theirimprovementofthe adjoining property. This
is the only Government, So far as I know, that ever
has exacted anything for its public lands. We
have derived a revenue from our public lands,but
it has not been the practice of any other nation at
any time in the history of the world, I believe, to
exact a revenue from its public lands. The whole
of these sea-board States were filled up by gifts of
land from the European Powers, who were glad
enough to have markets in this western world,
and to have people go there and make them. The
Government of the United States, however, has,
throughout its history, exacted a very large rev-
enue ifrom its public lands, and probably will con-
tinue to do so, while the fact is, that to the energy,
the labor, and the hard work of the men who go
upon the frontier, the entire value of these lands
is due. And yet it is considered a very great
hardship when some gentlemen from the Eastare
called upon to vote for a donation of this kind to
railroads, by which the Government loses noth-
ing, and from which it seems the railroad compa-
nies derive very little profit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Speaker, it is well
that this House has the virtue of patience. We
listen patiently, and for the very good reason that
it is necessary, in order that we may hear the
questions discussed which are presented for our
consideration, and deliberate upon the measures
which are proposed.
Now, sir, when this joint resolution was pre-
sented for consideration and discussion a few days
ago, I confess I was prejudiced against it, and had
a vote been insisted upon then, I should have voted
against it. But, sir, I have listened to the discus-
sion this morning; 1 have listened to it patiently
and with a desire to be actuated in the vote which
I might give by the arguments which were pre-
sented for and against its passage, and I beg the
House now to recur for a moment to the resolu-
tion, for it seems to me that the whole question is
involved in a very small compass, and that if we
only recur to the resolution we shall be able to
determine at once with respect to the propriety of
its passage. Let me read it:
vC Wheicasby the fourth section of an actof Congress en-
titled ' An act granting the i iglit of way to the Slate oi Mis-
souri, and a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State,* approved June
10,1852, it is provided as follows: e That the said lands,
hereby granted to the said State, shall be subject-to the dis-
posal of the Legislature thereof for the purposes aforesaid,
and no other;'and the said railroads shall be and remain
public highways for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, free from toil or other chaige upon the transpor-
tation of any property or troops of the United States; and
whereas the said grant of lands has, by virtue of said act,
and of an act of tlie Legislature of the State of Missouri,
been applied in the construction of the Hannibal and St.-
Joseph railroad, constiucted and owned by the Hannibal
and St. Joseph llailroad Company, a«d the Pacific railroad,
by the Pacific Railroad Company, which last-mentioned
road is finished and running hom St. Louis to Rolla; and
whereas the ability of said railroad companies to transport
the propeuy and troops of the United States over their re-
spective railroads has been gieatly impaired bvtbe destruc-
tion of budges, depots, and other property of said compa-
nies, and the partial destruction of said roads by thepublic
enemies, and in consideration thereof, and in view of the
pressing public necessities, the United States, not waiving
the light to have their pioperty and troops transported fieo
from toll or other charge by said railroads, as contemplated
by the reservation aforesaid, have resolved as follows:
Therefore,
" Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmci ica in Congress assembled, That
the Secretaiy of War is hereby authorized to make such
an adjustment with the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad
Company and the Pacific Railroad Company, for the trans-
portation, past and piospecuvc, of the property and troops
of the United States over said railroads during the exist-
ence of this rebellion, as in view of the public exigency
may be just and reasonable, and liquidate the same."
What have they asked for? Only that such
arrangements may be made, and such compensa-
tion allowed, as, in view of the public exigencies,
may be just and reasonable, and that the same
may be liquidated. Do they ask for anything that
is unjust or unreasonable ? I think that,from the
considerations presented by the honorable gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Rollins] and of the
gentleman who has just taken his seat, [Mr.
Blair,] it Ifhs been made to appear, clear as day-
light, that they ask for nothing unreasonable.
They ask simply that this matter may be left in
such hands as they have reason to believe will
give itdue consideration,determine what the claim
is, and liquidate that claim.
Now, sir, it is of little consequence what munifi-
cent donations the companies may have received
from the United States. The simple question is,
in view of what are alleged here to be the facts,
whether we shall do this act of justice to the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad. It is true we have
got that railroad, as we sav in the East, " in a
tight place." We have got it where we can apply
the screws to it. But they appeal, not to the gen-
erosity, but to the sense of justice of the House.
They say, " Is it not, under such circamstances,
a matter of justice to us? Will you not yield to
this request, and permit us to go before the proper
authority and make known our claim?" I believe
that the sense of justice of the House will do this
thing. The War Department will see that the
companies receive nothing more than whatis just
and proper, and what ou^ht to be paid.
Mr. EDWARDS. I find, Mr. Speaker, that
if any one is disposed to discuss the merits of a
question, he must discuss them on any motion
that happens to be before the House. I under-
stand that the question now before the House is
simply one of the amendments reported from the
committee on Government contracts. It is to
strikeout that part of the bill providing that those
railroad companies shall transport the propcity
and tioops of the Government at the prices iixed
by the War Department, and to insert in lieu
thereof:
"Provided, That the rates allowed shall in no case exceed
those charged by railway companies generally for trans-
portation for private persons ''
I understand that this is really the only ques-
tion before the House. If that were all the ques-
tion, I should make no remark; but I do not be-
lieve that this House will be disposed to adopt
that amendment, and to make a discrimination
between these railroads and other railroads that
have hern performing similar service. If we should
be generous to these raihoad companies, we ought
to take care that we do not make any provision
, that will be an un just disci imination between them
i and the other roads performing similar service. I
i regret that the gentleman from Missouri [Mi.
! Blair] has brought into this discussion the great
question whether, by the provisions of their chui -
tcrs, these railroads are bound to do the work ot
| the Government without compensation. There
I is certainly a difference of opinion on that subject.
l\ It is a question which I think this House will not
