1862.]
37th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
Ship Ganal—Mr. Olin.
Ho. of Reps.
treaty of 1817, by which this Government
stipulated not to put but one vessel of war upon
our Champiain, and two upon the other lakes, to
be armed each with one sixteen-pounder gun,
had scarcely dried upon the paper on which it was
written before Great Britain commenced a series of
improvements recommended as a military meas-
ure, and accomplished as a military measure, in
order to control these lakes.
, Lord Wellington said in Parliament, in 1823 1
think—and he used to be of some authority in
military matters until we have learned (it seems
to me) that men who know little or nothing about
military affairs knew as much as anybody—that
it was indispensable to a successful campaign on
the northern frontier, as against the United Slates,
to have the control of the lakes; and if this war
has taught us anything in the world it has taught
us this, that wherever we can approach a hostile
force with our vessels of war and with troops upon
land at the same time, we have very little difficulty
in accomplishing whatever we desire. I think this
war has taught us that one thing at least.
Now, sir, is it wise to attempt to fortify this
lake co^st that we may thereby preserve from in-
terference all the vast interests connected with this
granary of the world, and a granary that is neces-
sary to the successful prosecution of the war for
six months? Have you been over across the Poto-
mac and seen what effectis produced upon a coun-
try by the march and retreat of an army ? If you
have, you know what consequences would ensuo
if an invading army should once march through
a great grain-growing country like the West.
You would see universal devastation and ruin in
its track. Now, if this lake coast is to be forti-
fied and protected, what are the means which wise
and prudent statesmanship would dictate in the
light of the experience which we have had already
in the prosecution of this war? How would you
fortify a city like Chicago? By building forts ?
The city is as near to the lake as you can build a
fort, and if the vessels of an enemy can come near
enough to throw a ball that will reach the fort,
it will be near enough to reach the city itself; and
so of alrtiost the entire line of lake coast. I affirm
that if this war teaches any lesson at all, it teaches
this most significant fact: that,as againstan iron-
clad vessel, your forts are worth nothing. If this
proposition be true, the question resolves itself
into simply this, whether you will appropriate,
for instance, for the enlargement of the locks of
the Erie canal $3,500,000—not more than it would
cost to build a single fort at Buffalo or Rochester,
or in the vicinity of Sodus bay—forts that will be
worth nothing at all when you have built them
as against a vessel like the Monitor; or, whether
you shall enlarge the locks of these canals, and
let into the lakes a fleet of gunboats that will ride
triumphant against the Powers of Europe ? That
is the simple question; and I say that, as between
these two modes of military defense, there is not
an intelligent man in the Army or Navy, and 1
trust not a man in this House, who would not say
at once that there is more security in an iron-clad
gun vessel than there is in half a dozen forts, even
if it were practicable to locate these forts so as to
be any protection whatever.
Mr. Speaker, I am fully persuaded I am not
speaking with any selfish reference to tlie inter-
ests of my own State; I am speaking for the in-
terests of the whole country. Let mo state some
facts to the House. This measure may be de-
feated as a great many other measures have been
defeated during my experience in thisHouse. We
are quite apt to suppose that the expenditure of a
small amount of money in any one of the States
of the Union is just so much withheld from some
other State, and so believing, when all other ob-
jections seem unavailing to defeat the measure, it
suddenly becomes, in the language of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vallaneigiiam,] unconsti-
tutional. I shall begin to think by and by, with
a constituent of my friend from Massachusetfs,
[Mr. Dawes,] that " the Constitution is about
played out," since it is always appealed to liere
as authority for any tnad scheme proposed, or an
obstacle in the way of a measure the most salu-
tary. But let me call your attention for a mo-
ment to the question whether this is indeed a
measure to subserve solely the interests of the
State of New York. That State has just com-
pleted the work of enlarging this canal to the ca-
pacity of seventy-two feet m width—a capacity
altogether beyond the present necessities of com-
merce, and we have no desire that the public
money shall beexpended at this time for the prose-
cution of a mere commercial work, however great
might be its national importance.
But some of you may ask, why does not the
State of New York magnanimously step forward
and do this work itself? The reason is simpjy
this: that New York cannot do it. By the con-
stitution of 1846 neither the Legislature nor any-
body else could incur a debt of a single dollar
above what is authorized by the law in reference
to the canals. The people of NewYork could not
do this work without first a fundamental change
of their constitution, and then the passage of an
act by the Legislature making the necessary ap-
propriation, and incurring this indebtedness. If
she could have done it herself, she woulij have
scorned to seek the intervention of the General
Government to accomplish this object. What has
New York done? H<;r Representatives on this
floor have not proclaimed her greatness or merits.
I have heard for five years about the " chivalry of
the South." Since that has ceased, we hear quite
often of the " great Northwest." I think the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] has informed
us this morning that the " great Northwest" has
principally sustained the burdens of this war.
Wait, my dear sir, until you count the dead now
probably lying unburied ! Recollect that of the
money which has been voluntarily loaned to the
Government to meet the expenses of this war,
ninety-five percent, of the whole amount has been
contributed by the State of New York, while more
than one hundred thousand of her sons arc now
on the tented field, and the bones of some of her
children are bleaching upon every battle-field
which will make the history of this war. New
York has not been behindhand. New York stands
where she has ever stood, in the path of duty,
the friend of the Union, the friend of the West.
She has done more than any other State in the
Union, more than all other States of the Union,
for the development of the West, and at least
something for the development of Pennsylvania
that now'stands sulkily by and refuses all coop-
eration in this measure.
I say that New York has done more for her de-
velopment than she is willing to acknowledge, to
say the least of it. We have made her mines of
iron and coal the perpetual fountains of wealth;
our canals and railroads have so cheapened trans-
portation as to diffuse their products all over this
continent. New York has come down to the very
humble position of being the carriers of those who
manufacture and of those who produce. Every
man who looks through the statistics of the coun-
try and sees the progressive developments and
general effect produced on the new States by the
far-seeing policy of the State of New York, in re-
spect to her internal improvements, will acknowl-
edge (out of this Hall, if they will not admit it
here,) that this has been a policy that has devel-
oped the wonderful resources of the West, and
made its prairies as populous us the State of New
York and the State of Pennsylvania. Does it re-
quire anybody to examine these tables, to see that
while this great national policy of developing the
resources of the whole country has had piecisely
that effect, it has often appeared to short-sighted
selfishness as pernicious to a vast variety of local
interests in the State of New York? I illustrate
this idea by tables and statistics. Look, for in-
stance, at the wheat-growing district of the Gen-
esee. Before the Erie canal was opened, thatdis-
trlct was a garden of wealth; it produced wheat
which commanded the highest prices in the mar-
ket, and which controlled the wheat market of
our own State, while your lands in Indiana and
Illinois and Wisconsin, although fertile as a gar-
den, were not worth the expense of putting crops
into the ground except such as you wanted for
your home consumption. It was only when the
Eriecanal was opened, and your agricultural prod-
ucts found their way to the sea-board, that Gen-
esee land went down in value, and yours of In-
diana and Illinois went up.
Turn to the statistics of the tonnage of our canal,
and learn whether it is of national ormerely local
importance. About one thirteenth of its tonnage,
as you have been told to-day, is the product of the
State of New York, the other twelve thirteenths
coming from your magnificent great West. Now,
this measure has the singular merit, that while it
is, in my judgment, a necessity, and by far the
cheapest and most efficient mode of defending our
northern frontier, the expenditure would be wise,
economical, and statesmanlike by reason of its
vast commercial benefits through all time to come,
not only to the State of New York, but to the
whole continent. It has been suggested to me that
1 ought not give my support to this measure be-
cause, in connection with the enlarging of the locks
of our canals, the bill provides some ten million
dollars to open a connection from the Mississippi
river to Lake Michigan, by which the grain and
agricultural produce of the W est may be sent down
that river and thence all over the world; in other
words, that the measure would tend to divert trade
and commerce from the State and city of New
York. It may be that to some extent such would
be the case; but all arguments drawn from mere
local and selfish considerations are usually belied
by the facts of history. The more the West have
to sell the more they will be able to buy. I rec-
ollect when in my boyhood agreat many sensible
persons supposed the building of so many railways
throughout the country would render the horse a
useless animal; but railroads were multiplied, and
the horse was more valuable and more busy than
ever before.
So it is with every great, grand, national enter-
prise like this. Develop the resources of the coun-
try, and you benefit the whole country. Look at
this scheme for a moment, I beg of you. Con-
struct these two canals in the way prescribed in
this bill, and what will you have? You will have
an inland river communication for about three
thousand miles, running through the great heart
of the country from New Orleans to the lakes.
Why do we value the Mississippi so much ? Why
have we heard on so many occasions from gen-
tlemen of the West, "this Union never can be
divided; we have an interest in the waters of the
Mississippi. We must have free access to its
north and to its south." Now, what advantage
has the river Mississippi over that canal which
will bear upon its bosom the commerce of a world?
None at all, except this, perhaps, that God made
one and it did not cost anything. We made the
other ourselves, and it is equally serviceable for
commerce and as a bond of union between all who
enjoy their benefits and advantages. Jt serves the
great purpose which all these tilings do of neces-
sity subserve, binding together the States in one
common brotherhood. 1 would not have voted
for the Pacific railroad bill, embarrassed as the
finances of the country are, except for the reason
that when that great work is completed, the gen-
tlemen from California will be my neighbors.
Daily intercourse almost will go on between us.
We shall no longer be separated as strangers and
aliens in a common household; nnd those social
neighborhood sympathies which develop the in-
ner life are worth more than money, if I mis-
take not, that was in part at leasta consideration
winch in a great measure controlled the action of
this House in voting for that bill at a time like this.
Now, we are told that the country is embar-
rassed. I am well aware of that. I understand
that the policy of the country for a geneiation to
come will be controlled by two gentlemen; and
perhaps some ambitious young man on this floor
may wish to know who tliey are. I Vill tell him.
They are the wounded soldier and the tax gath-
erer. They will shape the policy of the country
for the next generation. But I know, too, that
there is yet uncalled forth an amount of energy,
of wealth, and of resolution that will astonish the
world, when the exigency arises which demands
it. Sir, " the shot gun" has not been brought
out yet. We have hitherto conducted this war
on principles with which lam disposed to find no
fault on this occasion. But I tell you, when this
people come to be aroused, when they see that the
death-struggle is upon them, they will not stop to
paint their baggage wagons green. They will not
watt for the baggage wagon; they wril muster in
a spirit that would have astonished and delighted
Peter the Hermit, and march to the defense of
their liberties with whatever weapons ihey can
command: and will, God helping, maintain them,
