2:794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
, Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
Mr.. FRANCHOT said that if permitted, he
would vote ay.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
on the title. *
, Mr. WICKLIFFE. I thought the Speaker
said the previous question on the passage of the
bill covered the title.
• The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that an
amendment to the title would be in order after the
passage of the bill, if the demand fiBr the pre-
vious question was not made.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That was not the state-
ment of the Speaker, as I understood him.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The title was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
tfee-motion to reconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the title was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMING OF NEGROES.
- Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The other day I moved to reconsider the
vote by which the letter of the Secretary of War
inreference to the arming of negroes was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed. I propose
to call that motion up at this time. I simply de-
sire to state the reasons which operated with me
in making that motion. I do not propose any fac-
tious proceeding. In the letter of the Secretary
of War he only states that he has no official in-
formation on the matter of inquiry. I want to
show that there is information that negroes are
being armed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I make the point that it is too late for the gentle-
man from Kentucky to make the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider has
already been entered, and the gentleman from
Kentucky calls it up for consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a poyit of order.
This day has been set apart for the consideration
of the Treasury notebillas a special order; and I
make the point that it supersedes the motion to
reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Treasury note bill is the
special order in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and notin the House; but
there is a special order, for the consideration of
territorial business. If the point be made, the
gentleman from Kentucky cannot call up his mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will wait until another
time.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of taking up the Treasury
note bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestate ofthoUnion,
(Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the hill (H. R. No.
187) to authorize an additional issue of United
States Treasury notes, and for other purposes,
reported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
Mr. SPAULDINGr. I move to dispense with
the reading of the substitute, and that it be read
by Sections for amendment.
The motion was agreed to. -  „■
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] as follows:
Amend the substitute by' striking out from the word
and,'in the eighteenth line, to Iho word " thereof'' in
hue twenty-nine, as follows:
And avty holder of said Cmtcd States notes depositing any
sum not less than fifty dollars, or some multiple of fifty dol-
lars, Willi tne Treasurer of tile United States, or either of
the Assistant Treasurers, shall receive in exchange there-
for duplicate certificates of deposit, one of whieh may he
transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount of bonds of
the United States, coupon or registered, as may by said
holdei be desired, hearing uitei est at the rate of six per cent.
per annum, payable semi-annually, and redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States after five years, and payable
twenty years from the date thereof.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw that amendment
for the present.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman whether this is the last $150,000,000 of
Treasury notes we will be called upon to vote?
Mr. STEVENS. I said before that $150,000,000
was all that I would ask, and if they had passed
the bill as I wanted it to be passed, it is all I would
have asked; but they spoiled the bill, and I do not
know how long it will go on.
Mr. SPAULDINGr. In accordance with the
recommendation ofthe Secretary of the Treasury,
I will move the following amendment to the first
section of the substitute:
Stiike out the words "not less," and insert: "Provided,
That not more than $50,000,000 shall be of a lower denom-
ination;" so that it will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to issue, in addition to the amounts heretofoie authorized,
on the credit of the United States. $150,000,000 of United
States notes, not bearing interest, payable to bearer at the
Treasury of the United States, and of such denominations
as he may deem expedient: Provided, That not more than
$50,000,000 shall be of a lower denomination than five dol-
lars.
As I have said, Mr. Chairman, that is in ac-
cordance with the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, sent to us on the 11th of this month.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, The amendment just of-
fered by the gentleman from New York will per-
mit the Secretary of the Treasury to issue notes
for the fractional part of a dollar. lie may issue
notes for twenty-live ccnts or fifty cents. 1 move,
therefore, to amend the amendment by adding:
And le it further provided, That this shall not authorize
the Secretary of the Tiiasuiy to issue notes for the frac-
tional part of a dollar.
Mr. SPAULDINGr. I accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Rhode Island, as a modifi-
cation of the amendment which I have submitted.
Mr. HORTON. I have a substitute to offer for
the pending bill, which I ask may now be read
for the information of the House.
The Clcik read, as follows:
A bill authoiizmg an additional loan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Jlcmcof Representatives
ofthe United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Piesident of the United States be, and heieby is, au-
thorized to borrow on the credit of the United States a sum
not exceeding §-10U,000,000, or so much thaicof us, in hid
opinion, the exigencies of the public service may require
to be used in the payment of the cut rent demands upon the
Treasury.
Sec. i2. And be it further enacted,That stock s>hall bo is-
sued tor the amount so borrowed, bearing intel est at aiate
not exceeding fix per cent, per annum, pajable semi-annu-
ally,and redeemable at the pleasure ofthe United States atter
twenty-five years ; and that the Secretary ofthe Trea-miy
be, and is hereby, authorized, with the consent ofthe Pres-
ident, to cause ceiuueaies of stock to be prcpaied, which
shall be signed by the Register and sealed with the seal of
the Tieasury Depaitment, for the amount so boirowed, in
favor of the parties lending the same, or their assigns, which
eoiUficates may be iianMerred on the books of the Tieas-
uiy under such regulations as may be established by the
Seeretaiy of the Treasury: Provided, That no certificate
shall be issued lot a less sum than $100: And provided also,
That whencvei icquned the Sccr< tarv of the Tieasury may
cause coupons of semi-annual interest payable theieon to
bo attached to eeitificates issued under this act; and any
cerutieatc with such coupons oi interest attached may he as-
signed and transferred by dehvciy of the same, instead of
biiing transfeired on the books oi the Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
thj Treasury shall cau>c book-: to be opened for subscup-
uon to the bonds at such places as he may designate in the
United States, and under such mles and regulations as he
may piescnbe',to be supciintended hv the Assistant Tieas-
urers of the United States at their icspccuve localities,
and at other places, by such depositaries, postmasters, and
other persons as he may designate, notice thereof being
given in at least two ddilv papers of this city, and m one or
more public newspapers published m the seveial places
wheie subseuption books may be opened; and subscrip-
tions lor such bonds may beieceived from a!! persons who
may desire to subrcube. anv law to the contr.m notwith-
standing; and it a-laigei amount .shall be subscribed in the
aggiegate than is required at one time, the Secretary ofthe
Tiedjjuiy is authorized to receive the same should he deem
it advantageous to the public mteiest, and if not, he shall
accept the amount requned by giving the prefeienee to the
smallei subsenptions; and the Secretary of the Tieasury
shall fix the compensations of the public utlkeis or otheis
designated lot u:cciving?rudsub>ei iptions: Provided. That,
loi perlorming this or any other duty in connection with
this act, no compensation for services tendered shall be
allowed or paid to any public oiftcei whoso sahrn i- estab-
lished by law; and the Seci etaty of the Treasin y may aho
make such othet t ules and regulations as lie may deem ex-
pedient touching Lhe installment to be p.ml on ari\ >uh^enp
lion nt the time at odwcribins, and imther payments by
installments oi otherwise, and yeiialties lor non-payment of
any installment, and aho concerning the receipt, deposit,
ami tufo-kceping of money icceivud fiom -,>ue!i snbocup-
tions, until the same can be placed in the possession of the
official depositaries ol the Treasury, any law or laws to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. *1. And be it further enacted, That the faith of the
United States is hereby pledged for the due payment ofthe
inteiest and the redemption ot the principal of said stock.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasuiy shall not be obliged to accept the most favor-
able bids as hereinbefore provided, unless he shall consider
it advantageous to the United" States to do so, but for any
portion of such Joan not taken under the first advertisement,
he may advertise again at his discretion.
Mr.WICKLIFFE. Mr.Chairman,Idonotrise
for the purpose of debating this bill at any great
length. I have been all along opposed to that pol-
icy which proposes to turn the Treasury of the
United States into a great bank paper concern. I
think it is a perversion of the intention of the ori-
ginal framers of the Government. I am opposed
to any law which converts the Treasury of the
United States into a great paper bank, to be man-
aged by the Secretary. 1 had hoped when we au-
thorized the issue of §150,000,000 of Treasury
notes at the commencement of the session, that
we would not be again called on for the issue of
$150,000,000 more. The cause-of this demand is
set forth in the speech of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Spaulding,] which I find printed in
the Globe'of this morning. I did not misunder-
stand his speech yesterday. It is now plain. We
have enough of money to carry on this war until
our nextmeeting, if it is not wasted or misapplied.
I want to know whether he speaks for himself,
for the Secretary ofthe Treasury, or for the Ad-
ministration.
I will read from the gentleman's speech, which
I think deserves the attention of every member of
this House. I want to take it away from the mass
of figures by which it is surrounded, so that mem-
bers and the people may understand it. He say-s:
" We are working out a great problem, the result of which
no man can know."
Now, sir, what is that great problem to which
the gentleman refers? What is the great problem
for the solution of which this war is to be con-
tinued until we triumph ? Are the evidences which
we have had to-day, and which have marked the
action of the other side of the House, the results
of the solution of that problem ? If they are, then
God help us. The gentleman goes on to say:
" Slavery was the cause of this wai; and until the solu-
tion of the slavery question is arrived at, and the cause of
the rebellion removed, we have no hope of peimanent peace
and lianquiility."
Now, do you mean to demand contributions
from the people for the continuation of this war
until you have carried out your nefarious policy of
emancipating all the slaves of the South, whether
of Union men or rebels, and crowding the North
with them? What do you propose to do? By the
confiscation bill which you have already passed,
you have provided the ways and means to divest
these men of the eleven States of everything. You
have taken the property of men whether they have
been active participants in the rebellion or not.
You confiscate the property of the man who re-
mained with his family in the seceded States. The
United States could not, did not protect. If he
resisted the rebel government, it hung him; if he
did not, must you take his property firstand hang
him afterwards?
The CHAIRMAN. This bill has been made
the special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and the Chair gives no-
tice that he will confine the debate strictly to the
question under consideration.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will endeavor, sir, to
confine myself to the rules of debate upon a money
bill in the Committee of the Whole, and, if permit-
ted, I will show that this money is asked, not for
the legitimate purposes of the war, but for a pur-
pose apparent to me, if not to others, of a most
unrighteous and unholy charactcr.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to call
the attention of the gentleman from Kentucky to
that rule.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am opposing this meas-
ure because I do not like the purpose for which
gentlemen want this $150,000,000, and I do not
know how I can oppose it without stating the facts
which surround it, and which have made it neces-
sary to illustrate and woik out this new problem
of the membr i from New York.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not rule
the gentleman from Kentucky out of order, but he
desires to remind lum of a rule which the Chair
i will be compelled to enforce.
