1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
or so much thereof as rftay be found necessary, be, and the
same is hereby appropriated, for the expenses of the com-
mittee on disloyal employes of the Government, appointed
by resolution of the House ot Representatives, July 8, l£6l.
Sec 3. *And be it further enacted, That the sum of $2,000
be, and the same is hereby appropriated, for the repair and
preservation of the custom-house atMihvaukee, Wisconsin.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
the Second Auditor of the Treasury reported that
it would require $6,000,000 for the purpose Of ex-
ecuting the first section, but by subsequent inves-
tigation of the subject by the gentleman from New
Hampshire,[Mr.Edwards,]wehave become sat-
isfied that $1,000,000 less would do. And in these
days $1,000,000 saved is something. It will be
enougii to pay for the printing of our documents in
the German language. Therefore I move to reduce
the appropriation from $6,000,000 to $5,000,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. [ wish to ask the at-
tention of the gentleman from Vermont for a mo-
ment. Have the Committee of Ways and Means
made inquiry at the War Department as to the
amount necessary to carry out the object indicated
in the first section of the bill? I understand that
tfiis appropriation is proposed to be made in pur-
suance of the provisions of section six of an act
entitled, "An act to authorize the employmentof
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protect-
ing public property," which is in these words:
" Jlnd be it further enacted} That any volunteer who may
be received into the service of the United States under this
act, and who may be wounded or otherwise disabled m ser-
vice, shall be entitled to the benefits which have been or
may be conferred on persons disabled in the regular sei vice;
and the widow, if there be one, and if not, the legal heirs
of such as die or may be killed m service, in addition to all
arrears of nay and allowances, shall receive the sum of
#100."
Now, as I understand the bill, the appropriation
now asked for is to pay this bonus of §100, and
the sum named is $6,000,000, an amount, in my
judgment, very far beyond the necessities of the
service. The original bill introduced by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Edwards]
provides, as I am informed, for the appropriation
of $5,000,000. The Committee of Ways and
Means have, in their wisdom, seen lit to augment
that amount, upon some ground or another,
$1,000,000, and they have reported accordingly. 1
think that $6,000,000, or $5,000,000, or $3,000,000
is in excess of the amount required.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I thought that I
had put the committee in possession of the facts of
the case. The original bill appropriated $5,000,000.
The proper officer of the pay department, or the
Second Auditor of the Treasury, sent us a com-
munication that $6,000,000 would be required.
I now move to reduce the appropriation from
$6,000,000 to $5,000,000, in consequence of inform-
ation derived from a further investigation of the
subject that $5,000,000 will be sufficient. What-
ever sum may be appropriated, no more can be
expended than is actually required.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Was the gentleman's
information received fiom the War Department?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir, from
the Second Auditor of the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. It is of the utmost importance that this
appropriation should be large enough. Inasmuch
as this appropriation is probably only large
enough, where is the impropriety of making an
appropriation of $6,000,000? I understand from
the cautious language made use of by the gentle-
man from Vermont, that it may possibly be that
$5,000,000 may be sufficient. Now, inasmuch as
not one dollar of this money will be expended ex-
cept in pursuance of laws already in force, and for
a purpose eminently right and proper, I suggest
to the gentleman who acts on behalf of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whether it is not ex-
tremely unwise, under these circumstances, tov
make a reduction. I insist upon the appropria-
tion of the whole of this $6,000,000 in pursuance
of the recommendation of the War Department;
and if $5,000,000 be sufficient, well and good. I
trust in God that it will be more than sufficient.
If it is sufficient, well and good, and no more will
be expended. If it is not sufficient, I protest
against one dollar, at the end of the current year,
remaining unpaid to these parties. I would rather
there should be an excess of millions, than a de-
ficit of one dollar.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, before taking my seat,
to move to strike out that which is contained in
the last ►section of the substitute—the one appro-
priating $2,000 for the benefit of the custom-house
m Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I know nothing about
the merits of the question; but whether neces-
sary or not, I object to its being in this bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I wish to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Indiana that I desire
to amend the second section of the substitute be-
fore we proceed to the last section; and I under-
stand thatseveral gentlemen desire to offer amend-
ments to the first section.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume my amendment
will not interfere with other amendments. How-
ever proper or right an appropriation may be of
the $2,000 contained in the last section, I do object
to its being attached to this bill. It is in no sense
germane to the subject. Here is a bill proposing
to appropriate five or six millions of dollars for
the purpose of carrying out the engagements of
the Government with the soldiers of the Republic,
where they fall in honorable battle. There is no
reason why an appropriation for a custom-house
should be attached to this bill. Itis part and par-
cel of a log-rolling system which has been ignored
by both branches of Congress, and which has been
found, in the State Legislatures, to be eminently
destructive to the public interests. I object to any
measures being connected with the bill, except
such as refer to its main object.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to move an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order at this time.
The question was taken upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont; and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
And no money shall be paid to the heirs of any such de-
ceased soldier who arc moie remote than brother and s^tcr
ofsuch deceased, nor to such heirs as have many way been
engaged m, or "who have aided or abetted in, the rebellion
against the United States.
Mr. Chairman, it is not within my recollection
that there is any general law providing for the
same end to which this amendment is directed.
I offered the amendment in the way of a sugges-
tion, in order that if there was no such provision,
the amendment might be adopted. It is obvious
that at this tune, and in the piesent state of our
public Treasury, we should in all these appro-
pi iations economize to the very last degree con-
sistent with right.
The only remark I have to make in reference
fo the first clause of the amendment is, thatwhen-
evcr an heir becomes so remote to the deceased
soldier as that he ceases to constituteapartof his
family, or of those who are dependent upon him,
it docs not seem to be right to extend the bounty
of the Government to such remote relationship.
I hope, therefore, there will be no reluctancc in
adopting that pait of the amendment. Indeed, I
do not know but that brothers and sisters might
be very properly excluded from the range of the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the language made use of in the
act of July is not "widow and children of the
dpcensed ?"
A Voice. u Legal heirs" is the language.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I remarked that I
was not fully advised as to the state of the gen-
eral law; and if my amendment is not necessary,
I will withdiaw it. I understood, from some re-
marks which were made by ^he gentleman from
Indiana, that my amendment was required by the
present state of the law.
In regard to the propriety of excluding persons
not loyal from a participation in the Government
bounties, no remarks need be made. I hope the
amendment, if it be found necessary, will be
adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow his amendment to be modified, so
as to include the parents, or at least the widowed
mothers. Many mere lads have gone into the ser-
vice, lads upon whom aged fathers and mothers
depend for their support in old age.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. 1 only will say that
I accept cheerfully the idea of the gentleman from
Tennessee; and if it can be put into form, 1 will
embody it into my amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Whether the
amendment be left in the form proposed, or
changedj as indicated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, I am opposed to it, and for a reason in
which the House will concur. It will be perceived
that this bill relates to the widows and legal heirs
of such volunteers as may have died or have been
killed, or may die or be killed, in the service. The
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio applies
alike to all, the heirs of those who have been slain
heretofore, as well as the heirs of those who may
fall hereafter. I think a moment's reflection will
dissuade him from taking the sense of the House
upon an amendment to that effect. I had pre-
pared an amendment, to come in at line thirteen,
in these words:
Provided, That no bounty shall be paid to the heirs of
any volunteer who shall hereafter die or be killed, unless
such volunteer leaves him, surviving, a wife, parent, child,
brother, or sister.
It seems to me that such an amendment as this
does carry quite far enough the reach of the bill;
because if a soldier leaves surviving no legal heir
except some remote collateral relative, I see no
reason in the world why, at any time, a bounty
should be allowed to trace out a descent thus far.
But if it is confined to parents, to children, to wid-
ows, and to brothers and sisters—and as to these
latter I confcss I have some doubt—it seems to
me it goes as far as it should.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York is not in order at this
time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to say
the rights of these men, whose kinsmen have
already fallen in battle, whatever they may be,
have accrued. They are vested and fixed under
the act, and my point is that we should not, and
perhaps we could not if we would, change and
divest those rights.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I think that the
amendment of the gentleman from New York is
proper, and therefore I accept it, and modify my
amendment accordingly.
The amendment, as modified, was read, as fol-
lows:
After the word '*necessary," in line thirteen, insert:
Providedj That no bounty shall be paid to the heirs of any
voluntoei who shall hereafter die or be killed, unless s-uch
volunteer leaves lum.sut viving,a wife, parent, child, bioth-
er oi sister; and no money Mull be paid to the hens of any
such d^cea^cd soldici who have in any way been engaged
in, or who have aided or abetted iu the rebellion against
the United Stales.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a sugges-
tion. I do not propose to make a speech or a
motion. My suggestion is, that it would be well
to modify the amendment so as to order the pre-
cedence in whi'ch the bounty should be received.
I suggest that it be paid first to the widow; if
none, then to the children; if none, then to the
parents; if none, then to the brothers and sisters.
1 suggest that the phraseology be changed so as
to accomplish that result. As far as the word
"heirs" is concerned, it is a word of technical
legal import; and we know that, at least, at com-
mon law, parents are not heirs. 1 think, there-
fore, it would be well to limit its signification in
this particular connection. 1 have drawn outmy
idea m these words:
Provided, That all payments shall be made, first, to the
widow: second, to the children ; third, to the parents; and
fourth, to the brothei s and sisters of the deceased soldier,
and no other relative shall be included m the word <£ heirs."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That amend-
ment will be perfectly in order, except the last
few words, after this amendment is adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. It may be offered as an
additional amendment.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the committee. I think that the action of
the committee upon this bill is premature. The
Committee on Invalid Pensions have this whole
subjcct under consideration. There are several
bills now pending before that committee, involv-
ing the questions which it is proposed to dispose
of in this appropriation bill. The committee in a
few days, undoubtedly, will report a bill amend-
ing the act of July, and prescribing the class of
persons who shall be entitled to pensions under
that act. The question has also been discussed,
but not determined by the committee, as to whether
any modification can he made of the provisions of
the act of July in regard to bounty. I therefore
suggest that further action upon this bill ought to
be postponed until the House shall pass upon a
bill regulating this whole subject.
