314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Who are responsible for this War?—Mr. Stiles.
Ho. of Reps.
though England and France league with those in
rebellion for their overthrow.
Now, I know that a vast amount of debt, an
enormous debt—if we will credit the leader of
this new formed Democratic party, [Mr. Vallan-
digham]—has been created; but notwithstanding
that, I think we should nothesitate an instant to
adopt every measure, incur any possible amount
of liability which seems to be required to preserve
our national life; while fearing no one, yet re-
solved to conquer—resolved to maintain in all
their integrity those institutions which have been
the admiration of the great and good.
Mr. Speaker, I hope the House has carefully
perused the memorial laid before it by the accred-
ited agent of the State of New York, Hon. S. B.
Ruggles, a gentleman long and favorably known
throughout the country for his intimate connec-
tion with that system of developing the resources
of our State-—a system which has already passed
the limits of State development and made our ca-
nals a truly national work.
He 1ms also laid before the House, but at so late
an hour that it probably has come to the knowl-
edge of few, a supplement to such memorial in
reference to the projected Ottawa canal, which
states that the proposed ship canal, pursuing the
course of the Ottawa 'river, and fully fed by its
ample waters, will have a volume of one hundred
feet wide at bottom, and twelve feet deep, with
locks two hundred and fifty feet long and fifty
feet wide, and capable of passing vessels of one
thousand tons burden; that it leads by a direct
route (saving three hundred and forty-two miles in
distance) from Montreal to Lake Huron, near the
strait of Mackinaw; thus enabling the British Gov-
ernment, by this great interior route, practically
secure from military attack, to precipitate its
squadrons of gunboats upon this the most im1
portant and commanding military passage in our
whole chain of interior waters, ana thus to seize
the very key to the rich commerce of Lake Mich-
igan, which already furnishes three fourths of the
breadstuff? borne on these waters.
Let me state one fact that I omitted to allude to
in its proper connection. I should have stated
that the State of New.York pledged themselves
to the performance of this work of the enlarge-
ment of the locks on the Erie and Oswego canals*
so that gunboats may be passed into Lake Erie
and Ontario, for the sum of $3,500,000, which this
bill proposes to appropiiate for that purpose. And
if this measure is speedily passed, the State of New
York will complete the work by the opening of
'canal navigation next spring.
Now, in reference to the other project for which
provision is made in the bill, although I am in
favor of it, yet I may say that it is conceded,! be-
lieve, that two years is the shortest period in which
it can be accomplished; and that under this bill it
will not be completed in less than five years.
Mr. ARNOLD. Oh, no; in less time than that.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman says no. Perhaps
I overstated the time. I would not do injustice
to any measure, rtiuch less to a measure involving
consequences so important as, I think, the meas-
ure now before the House does. I must still re-
mark, however, that whatever objection there may
be to the project of the Michigan and Illinois canal,
in respect to the time that will be required to com-
plete it in, no such objection can apply to the en-
largement of the locks of the Erie and Oswego
canal, which can be effected during the suspen-
sion of navigation, and be completed by the time
of the reopening of navigation in the spring.
WHO ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS WAR?
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN D. STILES,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 1% 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. STILES said:
Mr. Chairman: Having taken my seat in this
House but a short time ago, modesty perhaps
would dictate that I should remain asilent ob-
server of its proceedings. But,sir, the extraordi-
nary legislation ftsked for by the majority in both
branches of Congress imperatively demands that
the few who occupy this side of the Chamber, and
who amid threats and taunts have remained " faith-
ful among the faithless," should persistently re-
sist every encroachment of the Constitution, and
every infraction of the Government compact up to
the last hour of the session.
Mr. Chairman, the death of my lamented pre-
decessor (Hon. Thomas B. Cooper) caused a va-
cancy in my district, which was, under the laws
o'f my State, filled at a special election. It being
the first congressional election since the com-
mencement of hostilities, it attracted considerable
attention in this House and throughout the coun-
try. It is. not my purpose to speak at length of
that election, which resulted in my being returned
a member of this body; but as the charge of dis-
loyalty reached here before I entered upon my
duties, justice to you and to myself must be my
apologyfor its introduction. The New York Tri-
bune, a newspaper well known to the country, con-
tained, a day or two before the election in May
last, the following:
" On Saturday next the adjoining counties of Bucks and
Lehigh will elect a member of the House of Representatives,
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of Mr. Cooper,
a rank sympathizer with secession. One John D. Stiles, of
Alientown, a lawyer, of the same stripe, has been nomi-
nated by the Democracy 5 and George Lear, of Bucks, dis-
tinguished at the bar, and just such a man as Thaddeus Ste-
vens and Owen Lovejoy would welcome to the House, has
been nominated by the Republicans. The contest comes
at a time when the voters in this agricultural district are
busy with the plow and the hoe, and a full vote is not ex-
pected. Sules and his set are flooding the counties with the
usual slang about abolition ; but Lear is active on the stump,
and wjI! make so deep a mark that we have strong hopes
of electing him.
The day before the election the following arti-
cle appeared in the Philadelphia Press, published
by one Colonel John W. Forney:
W,' our ever welcome Allentown correspondent,does
not compliment Mr. J.D. Stiles, the present Breckinridge
candidatcfor Congress m the Lehigh district, to fill the va-
cancy created by the death of Dr. Thomas B. Cooper, when
he tries to make him a Douglas Democrat, &c. Mr. Stiles, if
he ever cared three straws for the memory or the principles
of Douglas, has bravely repented of his experiment. He is
now in the hands of the Breckinridgers of the district, and
in his speech at Doylestown, on Tuesday last, announced
his approval of Dr. Cooper's course, who always voted
with these partisans while he was in Congress. Is it not
full time that the game of allowing political tricksters to
call themselves 4 Douglas Democrats' should be closed up5
Some of the meanest and most slavish followers of the
Breckinridge school use this disguise to get office. Mr.
Stiles disdains this sham, and boldly runs on the Breckin-
ridge platform of hostility to the Administration and the
war, and uffpr indifference as to the bravery of our soldiers
and the treason of the rebels. We had supposed that£ W.'
had seen enough of the treachery and selfishness of poli-
ticians to ic^nain him from arguments in support of such
aspirants a# Mr. Stiles. Mr. Stiles, if elected to Congress,
will go there to do exactly what Douglas did not do before
he died, and what he would not have done if he had lived.
Fie will go there to vote as a partisan, not as a patriot; to
oppose the administration of Mr. Lincoln, and to labor for
such a compromise as would return the traitors to the power
which they abused and surrendered. And if he should be
chosen,« Wand the rest of our friends in the district can-
not blame us for not haviyg served this notice upon them
in advance."
Immediately after the election the following ar-
ticle appeared in the same New York Tribune:
Bucks county, Pennsylvania, gave over three hundred
majority for George Lear, Republican, for Congress, at the
late special election; but Lehigh overbalanced it with nine
hundied for Stiles, Democrat. The vote, though not full,
was large for a special election. Stiles goes to Congress
prepared to make peace with the rebels on their own terms.
It will be observed, by a reference to these pa-
pers, that my election was distasteful to both these
organs, and that I occupy my place without the
slightest thanks to either.
The charge of the Tribune, that I entered this
House " prepared to make peace with the rebels
011 their own terms," means dislgyalty to the Gov-
ernment, as that paper understands that term. It
is far from my purpose to enter into a controversy
with these gentlemen as to what constitutes dis-
loyalty. The/oyaftyofboth thesejournalshaslong
been questioned by many who are opposed to
abolitionism.
The verdict of an honest constituency whose
sons have fallen in many of the battle-fields in
this war, has sufficiently vindicated me against
these insidious attacks, and with their decision,
and the course I have pursued here, I leave these
troubled and vexed patriotic journals, simply re-
marking that this House has not referred my case
to a committee, nor have 1 been arrested and im- 1
prisoned without a hearing. I mus?t therefore
conclude that the " notice served in advance" by
the Press and the fears of the Tribune have made
feint impressions on the members of this House.
If my loyalty should hereafter be questioned, I
have given the House the benefit of the evidence
of the Tribune and Press against me. ^
I did not obtain the floor, Mr. Chairman, for
the purpose of vindicating myself upon the course
I have pursued here, but as all the votes I have
given have been the object of violent attacks
against me, I must ask yourindulgencefora mo-
ment in reference to my vote on the report of the
committee of conference on the tax bill. I am
aware that I must meet this question directly be-
fore the people, where I am prepared to meet it at
the proper time. There were ma'ny reasons which
induced me to vote against the report, some of
which are found in tne following extract of a
speech lately delivered in this House by my per-
sonal and political friend fromlllinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson.] Upon this subject Mr. Richardson
said:
" There is one single other point to which I wish to al-
lude, and I will then take my seat. It is said, both hereand
elsewhere, that no member is loyal who did notsupportthe
tax bill as it passed this House. I am ready to defend that
vote here or elsewhere; I feel no uneasinesss upon thai
point. To-day I might content myself in defense by say-
ing that, if the statements as to our indebtedness and ex-
penditure as made by the Secretary of the Treasury, by the
gentlemen [Mr. Dawes and Mr. McPherson] are true, we
do not need the vast amount that will be raised under this
bill. If the Secretary of the Treasury has not made a truth-
ful statement in this regard, he should not have control of
the amount, vast as it will be, which you piopose to raise.
" But, sir, there existed reasons that were satisfactory to
my mind for the vote given that I shall hereafter elaborate
and only briefly allude to now. The amendments "made by
the Senate m some lespects greatly improved the bill, in
others made it more objectionable. The principle upon
which the bill is based is erroneous and wrong. By your
tariff as now arranged, and your tax bill as it passed this
House, the support of the Government falls mainly and
heavily upon the laborer and producer, not upon capital,
which is capable to pay and should be made to pay Under
the operationof the tariff as it now exists, the poor laborer,
with a dozen persons in his family, pays into the Treasury,
indirectly it is tiue, more than the richest man in New Eng-
land. Underthetax bill as it passed this House, and agam^t
which I cast my vote, some persons in my district will pay
three times as much into the Treasury as the man worth his
many millions in the city of New York. Wealth, in great
emergencies like this, should pay the taxes 5 individuals
fight the battles.
"The burdens of the tax bill fall most heavily upon the
section from which I come, and unequally upon persons
residing there. The tax bill, as it passed this House, levied
a tax on each hog slaughtered of ten cents; head of cattle,
fifty cents; sheep, five cents, unlc&s killed for domestic use.
The census does not show the number killed, but the value.
Tn I860, m Illinois alone, the value of animals slaughtered
was over fifteen millions. In the six New England States
together the value was less than fifteen millions and one
half. The entire tax upon this head would come from the
Northwest, an,d none from the East. Under the bill as it
passed this House, the tax npon policies of insurance falls
heavily upon us. UponUransfers of real estate, as that
changes hands frequently in new settled countries—and in
old settled communities the changes are but seldom—the
burden again is with us. I might occupy the House in citing
similar cases; one other is deemed sufficient at this time.
Under the bill, as it passed this House, you levied a duty
of fifteen cents upon each gallon of whisky manufactured
without regard to its value when manufactured. In Illi-
nois, we raise of corn nearly six times as many bushels as
you raise in all New England together, and nearly three
times as much as the six New England States togetherwith
New York; in the six northwestern States of Indiana, Illi-
nois, Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, about
six times as much. A part of this is manufactured into
whisky, and it finds a market at home and abroad; it is a
cheap article, selling usually at from twelve to twenty cents
per gallon. By the bill, as it passed the House, 110 draw-
back was allowed for that sen* abroad. The tax as fixed
by this House destroyed the manufacture in the Northwest,
and would have driven into Canada every manufacturer
from that section.
" Sir, in the six northwestern States that I have already
named, with a population of over five million people, we
have no member upon the Committee of Ways and Means,
while New England, with a population of a little over three
million, has two members; New York, with a population
of le«? than four million people, has two members on that
committee. The Committee of Way a and Means originate
and report the tax and tariff bills, and I venture the asser-
tion that where any tax is assessed upon an article manu-
factured in New England, a duty equal to the tax is placed
in the tariff bill, so that the price may be increased to the
consumer, and thus the New England manufacturer be safe.
I will add, sir, one thing more: allot'New England's inter-
ests are particularly guarded; when tax is to be laid upon
things in which they are particularly interested, it is lightly
touched. For instance, you levy a duty of three per cent,
upon the dividends of insurance companies,bank dividends,
&c., and by your tax every hundred dollars' worth of tal-
low candles pays to the Government $4 50 tax, while one
hundred dollars' worth of diamonds pay only three dollars.
Upon,lager beer, as the bill passed the House, there wag a
tax of a dollar per barrel; upon piano fortes, four dollars
