1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
Mr. WASHBURNE. In view of what the
gentleman from Ohio has stated 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair mustsay that
debate is not m oider.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am going to move that
the committee rise, in view of what the gentleman
from Ohio has stated, and also in view of the fact
that 1 did not suppose, when I gave way, that
this matter was going to be discussed m this way,
as the House had determined that the otherques-
tion should be taken up. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and I call for tellers on that motion.
Tellers \vereordered;and Messrs. Washburne
and Maynard were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 37.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaking having
resumed the chair, Mr. Walton, of Vermont,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 413, making an appropriation lor the pay-
ment of the bounty to widows and legal heirs of
volunteers who have died or who may die, or have
been or may be killed in service, as provided in
the act of July 22,1861, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the report of the
committee on Government contracts.
The resolutions reported by the committee were
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to decline making any further payment to the parties inter-
ested in the steamboat Catahne, on account of the charter
of said vessel bytheUmted States on the25th davof April,
186 L.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he i equested
to adjust the claim against the Government Jot the five thou-
sand Hall caibmes, purchased through Sunon Stevens,
Esq., by General John C. Fremont, on the 6th day of August,
1661, and afterwards deiiveied at the United States a^enai
at the city of St. Louis, on the basis of a sale of Mich arm-, to
the Government for $12 50 each, i ejecting all oiher demands i
against the Government on account of the purchase of said j
arm's. i
Rr<toIvotl} That the practice of employing irresponsible 1
parties, having no official connection with the Govern ment, '
in the performance of public duties which may be properly j
performed by icirular officer? of the Government, and or pur- ,
chasing by puvate contract supplies for the different Depart-
ments, where open and fair competition might be piopetly
Invited by reasonable advertisements toi p!<>po a!s, is in-
jurious to" the public sei vice, and meet< the unqualified dis-
approbation of this House.
When the subject was before the House upon
a former occasion, Mr. Holmant submitted the
following as an additional resolution:
Rewired, That Hon. Simon Cameion, fate Secietaryof
War, by investing Alexandei Cummings. without tcquiring
fiom hun am guarantee foi the faithful performance o( his
duty, with the cuntioS of largo sums of the public money,
and authority to purcha-e without le&ti iction large amounts
of mihtaiy supplies ; and the Secretary of the Navy,m the
employment of Gcoige J>. Moigan, without r^quning any
<?ueh guarantee, in the purchase of large number of vessels
for the public use, with a compensation dependent on the
prices paid and receivable from the sellets, instead of em-
ploying responsible officers ofthe Govei nment, have adopted
a policy highly injurious to the public service, destiucuve
of public economy and public confidence, and deserve the
censure of this House.
Mr. Fentox moved to add the following to the
second resolution;
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued a«5 to exonerate the Government tiom the payment
of any claims arising from advances made in good taith on
ceititicate* made by authorized officcra of the Government.
Mr. Stevens moved to amend the sceond res-
olution by striking out the word " through," in
the third line, and inserting " by."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the first of these
resolutions pertains to a subject about which some
testimony has been taken by the committee, and
which has nor yet been reported to the House. I
therefore ask the unanimous consent of the House
to lay aside that resolution; andl shall ask their
attention to the second of the series of resolutions
at this time.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are all before
the House at this time.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that by unanimous
consent of the House the first resolution can be
laid aside.
Mr. COLFAX. I object, unless I can have
an opportunity of offering an amendment to the
second resolution of the series. ;
Mr. WASHBCJIINE. It will be open toamend- j
ment. i
Mr. COLFAX. Then I wiil offer the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that my colleague
has not the floor for that purpose; but let it be
read for information.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. My colleague on the committee, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] has
the floor. He proposes to speak to the second
resolution. I understand that it is not proposed
to ask for any consideration of the first and third
resolutions to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see any
point of order in that statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The point of order is
that the gentleman from Indiana, when the reso-
lution is before the House, will have an oppor-
tunity to offer his amendment, and I object to the
time of my colleague on the committee being taken
up.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I object to the unan-
imous consent asked by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor, and all the res-
olutions are before the House.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish it to be understood that
I do not object to the gentleman's offering his
amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I offer the following as
a substitute for the second resolution:
Resolved, That the course adopted by the naval inves-
tigating committee of 1809, of communicating to officers of
the Government copies of evidence apparently adverse to
them, and giving them the opportunity to cioss-examine
the witnesses against them, or to refute or explain their
testimony is, in the opinion of this House, woithy of imi-
tation wherever practicable, bj investigating committees
appointed by order of the House of Representatives, espe-
cially where the said committees receivc and collect such
testimony in seciet session ; and that it is contraiy to the
plainest ptinciples of justice to condemn anv citizen upon
ex parte evidence taken against him b> a committee in
secret, and the purpoit of which has not, ifpraeticahle, been
laid before him by said cornmittcc, with an opportunity to
explain or refute it before their icport.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only
be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLFAX. I offer it as a substitute for the i
second resolution. 1
The SPEAKER. No amendment would be in !
order except an amendment to the amendment of i
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] |
which is to strike out the word li through" and i
insert " by."
Mr. COLFAX. Then I will offer itasanamend- j
ment to that amendment, moving to strike out ad- 1
ditional wotds, to wit, the remainder ofthe section, i
and to insert what I have offered. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think j
that can be done. The Chair thinks that no fin- j
ther amendment is in order at this time, except by ;
unanimous consent. j
Mr. IIOLMAN. If my colleague will offer it
as an addition to the second lesolution, I presume
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. COLFAX. I will offer it in that form as
an addition to the second resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair understands
the amendment to be pendingas an addition to the
second resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do notknow that
I shall have any disposition to say a single word
m opposition to the amendment just submitted by
the gentleman from Indiana. When he comes to
know the coutse which tlus committee has pur-
sued a little more fully than he seems to do now,
he will find no occasion for offenng it in the light
of an admonition to this committee. The abstract
principle 1 agree with entirely, and its application, \
individually and pci sonally, 1 have no objection to. .
The evidence bcfoie the committee touching the j
second resolution has been reported to the House. |
It is proposed by the committee at this time to 1
ask the attention of the House to that resolution j
and to the evidence which sustains it, and to ask j
them for a vote upon it. ;
But, sir, the House will expect from the com- 1
mittec, 1 doubt not—they ceitainly have a right to '
expect from the committee before they call upon ,
the House to vote upon that resolution—someul- !
Jusion to matters which have transpired in this j
House within the last few days. Sir, on Mon- j
day last the committee on Government contracts :
was for a second time in its absence honored with !
a premeditated and, as H would appear from the j
Globe, a preconcerted attack upon the personal
character and integrity of its m.embers. The com-
mittee received notice of this attack by the tele-
graph when they were quietly and, as they sup-
posed, faithfully discharging the duties the House
imposed upon them in the city of New York, and
inasmuch as the telegraph was silent upon the fact
that it was announced to the House that no mem-
ber of the committee was present during that at-
tack, it went forth that no reply of the committee
was made to the attack at all, and that they were
to be held as silently confessing its justice and its
truth. They can hardly expect, and have no right
to expect, the House to vote for the resolution if
the charges made against the committee on Mon-
day last have any foundation in truth, and there-
fore it is that it is incumbent upon the committee
befoie asking that vote to say whatever they may
have to say upon the charactcr of these attacks.
The House will bear the members of the com-
mittee out jn the assertion, that although much time
has been occupied m this House concerning it and
its transactions, they have never occupied one mo-
ment of its time except in self-defense; they have
never taken up one moment of the time of this
House in speeches touching their mission or its re-
sults, and have only sought, when driven to it, to
defend themselves as well as they may.
The natuie of this second, as of the first, attack
on the committee, in its absence, is such that it
foibids their silence. That the House should dif-
fer with the committee m its conclusions, that the
House should differ with the committee in its ar-
guments and in its method of proceeding, is most
natural. Differences of that kind with commit-
tees of the House are of daily occurrence. They
are always expected, and are always to be met
by any committee charged in this House,with any
of its duties. But attacks on the integrity and
personal character of mcmbeis of a committee are,
I am happy to say, somewhat unusual in this
House. Yet it has been the peculiar experience
of this committee to encounter them from step to
step of its progress.
These attacks, Mr. Speaker, have been always
made on the committee in us absence. So far as
I am able to know, they resolve themselves into
but two charges. 1 ask the attention of the House,
not to any refutation of arguments or conclusions,
but simply to questions impugning the commit-
tee's integrity of purpose and its fidelity to the
House. They consist, I say, of two points. In
a report of evidence containing moie than eleven
hundred printed pages, the diligence and scrutiny
of those who have feltittheirmission to seekafter
the mistakes of thiscommittec have found out only
two mistakes. The first was that which was the
foundation ofthe attack made on it m its absence
by the gentleman representing one of the Phila-
delphia districts, [Mr. Kelley.] It was that the
committee had made use of a misprint in the test-
imony, for which it was not answerable, as not
having originated with it, and in regard to which
I showed on a former occasion two things—first,
that it was entirely the work of the printer, of
which no member of the committee had the slight-
est knowledge*, and second, that it was immate-
rial, not altering in one particle the meaning and
substance ofthe testimony in which it occurred.
The second was made the basis of an attack on
the committee last Monday. That was a mistake
in the name of an individual. In an investigation
lunmng through eleven hundred pages, it has
been the good fortune of another of the distin-
guished Repiesentatives of Pennsylvania to detect
a single mistake It has happened two men in
this whole country happen to bear a very peculiar
name—a foreign name—and that the committee
! has confounded the two persons. These arc the
only two mistakes of fact—that of the printer and
this one—which I have heard of as having been
charged upon this committee. They have both
been charged to have been willfully made.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the mistake that he ac-
knowledges now was acknowledged publicly here-
tofoie by the committee, when it was required to
do so?
Mr. DAWES. The first moment that the at-
tention of the committee was called to it, that mo-
ment it admitted the mistake, and pointed out how
it occurred.
Mr. MOORHEAD. And made public repa-
ration for having charged a man with having an
