1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. L0VE30Y demanded the yeas and nays
on its passage, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to occupy the time of the
House for a minute in a personal explanation.
The question of granting permission was put,
and no objection was made.
Mr. OIllN. I have been informed by a gen-
tleman not now in his seat that some remarks I
made in the House on yesterday might justly be
construed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] now in his seat, as personally offensive
to him. I thank the gentleman for the informa-
tion, for certainly nothing was further from my
intention than to say anything personally offen-
sive, and I extremely regret it if anything I have
said has been so considered by him. I regret that
I should have given occasion for such a complaint,
for certainly his relations and mine have always
been of a friendly and agreeable character. I have
received no indication that my remarks were so
considered as offensive by the gentleman from
Indiana; but if so, I have only to repeat that I had
no intention of saying anything personally offen-
sive or disrespectful to him.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
"Mr. HOLMAN. I desire the consent of the
House to say a word personal to myself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I/will withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House, for the purpose of
making a personal explanation. I was notin my
seat at the time when the words said to have been
uttered by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Olin] were spoken, and I have not since examined
any report of them. Had I been present, I would
have replied to them in language proper to the
terms which I understand the gentleman used to-
wards me. I am not responsible to any gentleman
upon this floor. I am responsible alone to my con-
stituents for my support or opposition to any meas-
ure of public policy before the House for consider-
ation. If I understood the gentleman correctly, he
seemed to regard any effort on the part of any
member upon this floor to resist the payment of
claims, however groundless, as not to be tolerated
for a moment. Now, I am the last gentleman
upon this floor who would entertain unkind feel-
ings for words spoken in the heat of debate; and
I am glad, if those words of the gentleman were
offensive, as they may have been, that the gentle-
man has seefi proper, in courteous terms, to deny
any intention of being offensive.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution:
Rc$olved,ThM five thousand extra copies ofllou^fbill No.
283, to establish a umfonn system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States, be punted for the use of the House.
The SPEAKER. That resolution, under the
rules, will be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
WASHINGTON PASSENGER RAILWAY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize a railway
along Pennsylvania avenue, in the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
CIVIL APPROPIIIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House take
up the message from the Senate in relation to the
disagreeing votes between the two Houses on the
civil appropriation bill, and that the House agree
to the committee of conference asked for by the
Senate.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Stevens,
Waltom of Vermont, and Train managers-at said
conference on the part of the House.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
consider the Navy appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
McKnigiit in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is House bill No. 242, making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
30th of June, 1863, and additional appropriations
for the year ending 30th of June, 1862, upon which
general debate has been limited to five minutes.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In the paragraph for con-
tingent expenses of the Navy Department I move
to insert after the word "letter'' the words and
telegrams."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For the charter of vessels, stores, extra laboreis. and pur-
chase of additional steam vessels, ^'1,800,000: Provided,
Tii.it hereafter, in all cases wheie officers of the Navy can
be made available, consistently with the public servicc, in
making contracts for the charter of vessels, and the pur-
chase of additional st<jam vessel5!, no other person or per-
sons shall be employed; and when any other person or
peiions than an ollicer of the Navy shall be employed, the
compensation shall not excccd the sum of $5,000 for all
contiacts for purchases oi eharteis in any one year, made
under the provisions of this act.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Would it not be well
to add to that paragraph these words:
And as the same rate for any shorter tenn of servic|^
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means has, contrary to its usual practice on ap-
propriation bills, incorporated this provision. I
think, arid the committee thought, that we might
trust the Department with the discretion of char-
ters for less than a year. There may be jobs for
a less period of time for which perhaps a higher
price ought to be paid. For that reason I hope
that the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I do not desire to
propose the amendment. I suggested it simply
for the purpose of heanngfrom the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I will say that it is intended to
apply to the cases of purchases of vessels for the
naval service. It appears by a report of one of
the committees of the House, that about $90,000
was received by one agent for a service of little
over four months. It is in icfcrence to that case
that my amendment would apply.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out this) pro-
vision of the bill, and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
Provided, Thai lioieal'ter the pioper officers of the Navy
shall be employed m making eontiacts foi the cliaiter of
ve-&els, and the jiuieliase 01 additional steam vessels.
Mr. Chairman, I have this to say in favor of
that amendment. So far as making purchases of
vessels are concerned, during the present unfor-
tunate war, every purchase made by an officer of
the Navy has been valuable to the Government,
while every purchase made, either for the War
or Navy Department by civilians designated for |
that purpose have been almost uniformly unfor- |
tunate. That is to say, that the latter have been j
unfortunate in some respect, either in the amount
of compensation or character of the vessels pur-
chased. Such has been the case m reference to
the vessels purchased for the Navy as in reference
to the vessels purchased for the Burnside expedi-
tion. Itis desirable, in purchasing vessels forthc
Government, that those should be employed who
are fitted by experience and education for the per- j
formance of that duty. And inasmuch as the
Government can avail itself of such officers, it
seems to me unwise to confer this power upon the
Secretary of the Navy, or upon any other officer i
of the executive government. This House the
other day passed a bill authorizing the detailing
a number of officers of the Navy for the purpose
of purchasing such vessels as may be required
for the use of the War Department. If itis neces-
sary that they should be detailed for that purpose
for the War Department, I do not see why they
should not be employed for the same purposely
their own Department.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana raises the question of the
propriety of employing officers of the Navy in the
purchase of vessels, and on that subject I have a
most decided opinion that the service will suffer
if the amendment prevails. The gentleman is mis-
taken in saying that we have passed a bill detail-
ing officers of the Navy to purchase or charter
vessels for the Army. That is not so; but we
have passed a bill detailing officers of the Navy
to examine vessels proposed to be chartered by
the War Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is right. I
was mistaken.
Mr. SEDGWICK. We have not committed
such folly as that yet. How long it may be be-
fore we will, I do not know. I say this in regard
to the officers of the Navy, and no one has more
respect for them than I have, that their whole edu-
cation unfits them from making purchases. Itis
not in the line of their business. They have no
knowledge of merchant vessels or their quality.
They can tell you whether they are fitted to bear
an armament, and, upon examination, whether
they are fitted for the purpose required-, but as
to their value, their cost, their construction, they
are not such good judges. A gentleman who has
been engaged in buildingmereJiant vessels during
his whole life, has told me that a naval officer is
no more fit to purchase a vessel than any boy in
any cornfield. It is out of the sphere of their edu-
cation and employment, and I propose to illus-
trate that. No more accomplished officer of the
Navy can be found than the commandant of the
Brooklyn navy-yard, yet he chattered five ves-
sels at a price which, m ten months, would pay
the whole cost of the steamers. Besides that, it
cost $50,000 to prepare them, and it was a part
of the agreement that after they ceased to be used
for military services they should be put back in a
condition to be used for the merchant service.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope that the House will
permit me to go on. This is an important ques-
tion to Ihc country.
The Government was compelled, by the terms
of the agreement, to pay for these vessels, or to
pay the price stipulated in the charter. A com-
mercial agent was appointed, and the vessels were
purchased at an aggregate cost of $100,000 less
than the contract made by a naval officer. A man
educated as an officer in the Army or the Navy
has no judgment about traffic. He thinks that it
is above or beneath him, or at all events out ot
his line of business. He does it by wholesale, and
without going into particulars in regard to econ-
omy. I undertake to say, if you confine the pur-
chase of these vessels to the regularly-educated
naval officers, that you will get thirty-three per
cent, less value out of this appropriation than it
competent men, who understand the business,
were permitted to make the purchases.
Now, the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana confines it exclusively to that. The proviso
which he moves to strike out is, that officers of the
Navy shall, in all cases where the public service
shall be promoted, be engaged in that service. But
it does not deprive the Department of the exercise
of a reasonable discretion in employing other per-
sons. Nobody has even objected to the employ-
ment of commercial agents because the Govern-
ment has suffered from it. The only question raised
in regard to that has been whether there has not
been an enoimous compensation paid in soma
cases; and that the proviso prevents hereafter.
That is the only objection which has been made
by any reasonable man in regard to it. I have no
objection, nor has any branch of the Navy Depart-
ment, that these commissions should be icstricted
in this way, if in the judgment of the House, un-
biased by anything which may be urged upon the
part of the Navy Department, they think it best
to restrict it.
