316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
3Tth Cong....2d Sess.
Service of the Militia—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I perceive that the Senator
from Pennsylvania must anwer, if he answers at
all, such an interrogatory at considerable length;
and hence I will request him to waive his explana-
tion until I am through. I shall not occupy the
floor long.
Mr. COWAN. I will not answer that ques-
tion; but I desire to say half a dozen words
more.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not desire to misrepre-
sent the Senator himself; and if he wishes to ex-
plain his own statements on the point alluded to
by me, I think he has a right to do so, and I will
yield for that purpose very cheerfully.
Mr. COWAN. I did not expect that the Senator
from Iowa would express himself in such offens-
ive phrase as he has done. I did not cxpect that
while he was endeavoring to combat my doctrines
he would say they were the same doctrines which
Jefferson Davis advocated upon this floor. There
is a courtesy that everybody will understand, and
I supposed that I was entitled to it from my friend
from iowa. I am sorry he did not yield it. It
does not disturb me, because I have made up my
mind in these controversies not to be disturbed
with anything of that kind. But I desire to say
this: that what I suppose was taken to resemble
secession was the fact that I asserted,proceeding
as we did upon the ground that we would not make
conquest and subjugation, if, at the end of that
time, it was found that there were no loyal people
there, I said there was an end of it, unless we fell
hack upon our rights as a nation to make conquest
and subjugation; and that was the whole of it. I
say so still,and am prepared to stand upon itany-
where. I think it is unexceptionable.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 did not use the name of the
rebel chief in this connection for the purpose of
forming an offensive association of names, and
had no intention of giving offense. I alluded to
whatappeared to me to be similarity of argument,
and not similarity of character. And I suppose
it possible for the rebel Davis to entertain correct
opinions on the theory of government, while his
conduct has been so disastrous to the interests of
the nation, and especially to his own scction of
the country. Abating any offensive features of
the allusion, I will reiterate that the Senator, as
1 understood him, repeated the arguments of the
rebel Senators who occupied seats on the other
side of the Chamber about a year since. They
maintained that thcpeople ot'aState had the right
to dissolve their connection witli this Government,
and either remain as an independent State, as-
suming a distinct nationality, or to affiliate with
other States for that purpose; that the people of
a State of the Union may, at their own election,
renounce their allegiance to the Federal Govern-
ment without consultation with the people of any
other State, or of ail the remaining States com-
bined; that the continuance of the Union depended
on the volition or caprice of the people of each of
its parts. I understood the Senator to lay down
the same premises. He said that when this war
broke out, everybody supposed that a large part
of the people of the rebellious districts were loyal;
thai the war was prosecuted on our part to ena-
ble these loyal people to organize and maintain
their State governments under the Constitution,
as heretofore; but that if there were no loyal peo-
ple in any one of these States, it was the end of
the controversy; that all just Governments de-
rived their powers from the consent of the gov-
erned. Now, Mr. President, as it seems to me,
the only conclusion that can be derived from this
process of reasoning is, that if the people of a
State, with substantial unanimity, desire to secede,
they have the right to do so. Nor do I understand
the Senator to have opposed this doctrine this
morning. He would not have advised the people
• of any State to secede; he does not think it was
best for them to secede; he thinks it a great calam-
ity that they should attempt to secede; he did not,
and perhaps does not still believe that the people
of any one of these States did, with anything like
unanimity, give their voluntary assent to any act
of secession; but neveitheless, ifthey did, in fact,
with ordinary unanimity, desire to dissolve the
Union, and are still disloyal, and deliberately re-
sist the authority of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, I understand him to maintain that we
have no constitutional authority to put them down.
X disagree with him. If every inhabitant of any
one of the States of the Union desired to secede,
I do not admit they have the right to dissolve the
Union. I maintain that the provision in the Con-
stitution which says, " the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all the privileges and immu-
nities of citizens of the several States," is in di-
rect conflict with that assumption. I claim,,as a
citizen of the United States from the State of Iowa,
that I have a right to the protection of the United
States in South Carolina, in Georgia, in Louisiana,
and that it is the duty of this Government to afford
me the same protection in any other State of the
Union that I can claim of this Government in the
State in which I happen to reside. Whenever
interest, pleasure, or curiosity induces me to enter
another State of the Union, the national Govern-
ment has pledged me its protection. This is an
unconditional obligation. It does not depend on
the people of the particulnrlocality. 1 am no less
a citizen of the United States in South Carolina
than in Iowa, and my right to claim protection of
person and property, and redress of grievances,
is as complete in any other State as in that of my
domicil. This view, however, pertains notalone to
the individual rights of each citizen. It is equally
applicable to the people of the nation in the ag-
gregate. The people of the whole country have
the right, in common, to navigate the waters of
every part, to carry on commerce, and to use
either land or water in making a common defense
against a foreign enemy. The rivers, harbors,
inlets, bays, and forts in Louisiana, Georgia, or
in South Carolina, are as much the property of
the people of Iowa as of the people of the States
named. We are taxed to improve the one and to
construct the other, and have a right to demand
that they shall be held for thecommongood. The
harbors at New Orleans, Charleston, or New
York have not been improved and fortified for the
people of those localities alone; thej are seaports
for the people of the interior as much as for those
of the coast. And in practice it may be quite as
important for the welfare of the people whom I
represent in part that a foreign enemy should be
met and repelled at New Orleans as atKeokuk or
Dubuque.
Nor do I admit the truth of the Senator's corol-
lary that harmonious opposition to the authority
of the United States by the people of the rebel
States would render it impossible for us to crush
the rebellion. I know it is frequently asserted that
six or eight million people, fighting for a specific
purpose, can never be overcome. These asser-
tions, I think, are made without reflection, and
usually by popular orators from the hustings; but
when made seriously, in agrave,deliberative body,
perhaps the public welfare may require a serious
answer. At least members of Congress ought to
try it by the light of history before adoptingit as
a controlling fact in legislating for the perpetuity
of a great nation; and they need not travel back
very far on the page of history to discover how
surprisingly naked the falsehood stands. Ireland
was crushed, Scotland was overthrown, and all
their people were merged with the English in a
common nationality. The English themselves
have been more than once completelyoverrun,and
were finally subjugated, and their whole feudal
system completely changed. Poland has been
conquered, divided,and her nationality wiped out,
so that she no longer has a place among the family
of nations,
Mr. COWAN. Allowme toask the gentleman
whether it was not the dissensions of Poland, the
very fact that she was not united, that caused her
overthrow ?
Mr.HARLAN. Iwillanswerbyaskingwhere
is Hungary, a more recent case of rebellion?
There were many million people practically uni-
ted, a martial people, highly cultivated, struggling
against a despotic power for their independence"
who, within the memory of these boys acting as
pages, have been crushed by the superior military
power of their enemies.
Mr. COWAN. If thegentleman will allow me,
I will refer to Hungary as one of the strongest
amples against his theory. I will ask him whether
there were not in Hungary three or four distinct
races of men; that they have never been able to
unite themin one solid compact body;and whether
it was not by means of their dissensions that the
Austrians were enabled to overcome them; whether
they do not divide and conquer them always?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senator from
Iowa will permit me, I wish to say but a single
word. TheSenatorfromPennsylvaniais oppos-
ing a proposition upon this floor that he well
knows will divide and array four million people
against six million in these rebellious States.
Mr. HARLAN. Although what the Senator
from Pennsylvania says may be technically true,
that the inhabitants of Hungary, many ages back,
may have originated in different nationalities, he
knows very well that in that struggle they were
practically united.
Mr. COWAN. Oh.no.
Mr. HARLAN. The Austrians never were
able to organize a loyal army in Hungary from
her own people until they had crushed out the
armies led by the Magyars, and scattered their
leaders as fugitives over the face of the earth. N or
was there any division of the armed inhabitants
of Poland to obstruct the success of her armies in
fighting for a nationality then as old and as firmly
established as the other nations of Europe. Poland
was crushed because her enemies were able to
wield superior physical power.
But, sir, the history of the world is full of illus-
trations. Where is Mexico ? Ten million people
practically united, a large part of them of Castil-
ian origin, imperious and martial in spirit and
habits, accustomed to the use of arms, as a profes-
sion and for amusement, from childhood, inhabit-
ing a country far more difficult than the rebel
States, and led by a gallant and successful general,
whose successes had secured him the title of the
Napoleon of America, weiecrushed by yourown
arms, when your entire population did not equal
the piesent population of the loyal States of the
Union. You sent your armies and munitions of
war a thousand miles by sea to invade their
homes, and fought them many hundreds of miles
south of New Orleans, and yet, in two short years,
you completely crushed her armies,and scattered
them in guerrilla bands to prey on their own peo-
ple like a cloud of locusts. Her nationality was
so crushed that your generals were competed to
organize for them a provisional government with
which to make treaties of peace and amity, your
fivn Government dictating the terms. But, sir, I
need not repeat minor examples. I will ask the
Senator, if France, wfthin his own ijiemory, was
not crushed by the opposing Powers of Europe?
In civilization and refinement, in a knowledge of
the arts and sciences, in the martial spirit of her
people, in the courage, experience, skill, and re-
nown of her field marshals, France has no su-
perior; and yet, while under the leadership of
Napoleon the Great, France was crushed. The'
Emperor of the French was carried by his captors
to an island in the deep sea, where he lived the
cajftive of jealous kings, and died a prisoner of
State. France, standing"at the head of the nations,
was compelled to receive a ruler dictated by her
conquerors!
_ Is it necessary to consume more time in refuta-
tion of the assumption, that if the people of the
rebel States are united they cannot be conquered ?
Iflreland could be crushed, if Scotland could be
crushed, if .England could be crushed, if Poland
could be crushed, if Hungary could be crushed,
ifMexico could be crushed, and if France herself
could be crushed, why may not twenty-four loyal
States crush out the rebellion m ten States? If the
people of the twenty-four loyal States admit their
inability, it will be a mournful confession of in-
feriority which will make their memory a stench
in the nostrils of their own posterity.
But, sir, the people of the rebel States are not
united. The amendments now pending have been
offered on the assumption that there are nearly
four million people within the limits of those States
who are loyal. In all the States tolerating slavery
there are said to be four million slaves. Excluding
Delaware, Maryland, Western Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Missouri, probably the
negroes are equal to three sevenths of the entire
population.
Mr. DAVIS. .Aboutthree millions and a half,
or in that neighborhood.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Kentucky
informs me three and a half millions, or in that
neighborhood. Probably two sevenths of the
