1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
amount of Government money in his hands, and
admitted that "to be a mistake?
Mr. DAWES. The committee did not admit
that it had made one particle of mistake touching
the point to which the gentleman alludes; but i
am not going to consume any part of my hour by
rearguing to this House that there is no difference
between a man saying he has in the hands of a
third party a given sum of money, and his saying
that it is there subject to his own order. I was
about to say that these two are the only accusa-
tions against the committee made in the House
General Fremont, however, has made another, to
which f desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee on the conduct of the war, for the mere pur- ■
pose of setting this committee right. I have no
purpose of bringing into this controversy any ac-
cusation against General Fremont. In the lately
published statement of General Fremont, made
before the committee on the conduct of the war,
he charged the committee on Government con-
tracts with having come to St. Louis encouraging
insubordination in his department; that they cre-
ated a public, opinion there that it was their object
to cause his removal; that they refused to receive
evidence offered them in explanation of matters
inquired into by them, and suppressed testimony
which had been received by them; and that ho
would offer evidence to that committee to sustain
these charges.
I wish to ask the members of the committee on
the conduct of the war—and I see one member,
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Odell,] in
his seat—whether any evidence lias been offered
to that committee to sustain this charge. If it is
not an improper inquiry, will the gentleman from
New York do me the favor to answer it?
Mr. ODELL. There is no evidence of that
character before the committee, save that given
by General Fiemont himself, so far as 1 recollect.
Mr. DAWES. That is all that I desire to say
touching that matter. The change is of a serious
character, and I know that that committee would
have notified us of any testimony that had been
offered to sustain it.
1 now recur to the second of these charges made
in the House. U is of such a character, if the
House remembers what appears in the Globe, that
no man, having any self-respect, could pass it over
without asking for the evidence on which itis sus-
tained. A gentleman stands up in the House and ]
declares that he believes i n his conscience that this
committee has perpetrated more frauds than it has
detected—that it is a lying committee—a scandal-
hum ting committee, expending the people's money
and bringing disgiaeo on the public servants. The
only evidence brought in support of the charge is
what I have already stated—that the committee
has confounded two persons of the same name.
The committee expected to meet all other accusa-
tions of short-comings on their part. They had
not expected to meet an attack of thiskmd. Iam
sorry that the gentleman who made u [Mr. St&-
\£ns>] is not now in his seat. I informed him but
a few moments ago, while he was in the House,
that I was about to call the attention of the House
to the remarks which he made at that time. He
felt it h's duty, as 1 suppose, to withdraw from
the; House on business which to him appeared to
be more pressing than to remain and hear what 1
liad to say.
Mr. COLFAX. Will thegentleman permit me
to say a word ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes.
Mr. COLFAX. Thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania desired me to state if his absence should be
alluded to, that before the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had notified him of his intention to a 11 tide i
to his speech, he had made an appointment with
some friends from Pennsylvania, who had to leave !
this afternoon, and that he could not break his en-f
gagement. j
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not feel that j
I am called upon, after having given the gentle- !
man notieo, to wait for his return. The commit- ;
tee is obliged to my-colleague, [Mr. Thomas,]
prompted by that sense of justice which pervades
his whole being, for calling the attention of the j
gentleman from Pennsylvania on Monday last, in !
the midst of his accusatory philippic on the com- i
mittee, to the tact that no member of the commit- \
tee was then piesentm the House. "Wearc obliged j
to my colleague h>r two reasons: first, becausethe ■
Globe now shows the reason why no reply was I
then made to this serious accusation; and second,
because the subsequent course of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania illustrated, better than any-
thing! can say on this occasion, the motives which
prompted that attack on the committee. While
admitting the force and propriety of the sugges-
tion of my colleague, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was so charged with that accusation
against the committee that he said he could not
be stopped from making it, then and there, by any
such consideration as the fact that the committee
was absent from the House when it was made. It
would seem from the report in the Globe that there
was even a feeling of relief from all restraint on
the partof the gentleman from Pennsylvania when
he came to be assured that all the members of the
committee were absent. His speech leaves a con-
viction, certainly, on the minds o&those who were
the subjects of that attack, that it was to him an
opportune occasion on which to be delivered of
that with which he had been charged for some time.
The committee have had occasion, as I have re-
peated, to encounter these charges from different
quarters, in this House and out of it. The com-
mittee know better than the House or the public
can what has been the course of their proceedings,
and they have, therefore, been better able to ap-
preciate these charges than the public or this
House can, and they have accepted them from
time to time as testimonials to their fidelity in the
duty with which they have been charged.
Sir, any lawyer in threading the complicated
labyrinths of conspiracies, deceits, and frauds,
knows very well, when he puts his finger upon the
key to the whole. The physician, probing an ab-
scess, be it ever so deep, be it ever so foul, is at
no time at a loss to know when he touches the
quick. It is the galled jade that winces, or there
is no truth m England's poet. And therefore the
committee have been prepared for all this, and have
accepted cheerfully, as a tribute to their fidelity,
from time to time, this rustling and this fluttering,
even this bitterness and malignity, heaped upon
them. It is only because the House and the coun-
try are ignorant of the hidden springs, sometimes
far off, which move men, that they are compelled
to self-defense.
Why were wc arraigned here on Monday last
in our absence ? The occasion arose from no mat-
ter connected with us or wit h any of our proceed-
ings. We had not at all arraigned anybody in
this House. It appears from the Globe that the
discussion arose fiom a resolution introduced into
this House by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. DrvENr,] on my right, introduced without the
knowledge of the committee, and I am sure the
gentleman will say to us, without any responsi-
bility on ourpait; to which the committee, if they
had been here in the House at the tune, would
have had nothing to say. The gentleman from
New York, actuated by what he felt to be a sense
of duty, introduced a resolution here* in conse-
quence of nothing from this committee, but it was
availed of as the. opportunity to destroy the con-
fidence of the House m this committee, and the
confidence of the country m this committee, and
the confidence of all honest men in them as indi-
viduals.
►Sir, it is known to the public that there has been
a systematic effort to break down this committee.
It has found its way into pamphlet form upon the
part of the contractors, containing a deliberate at-
tack on the individual members of the committee;
and which wisdom or some other momtoi sug-
gested would be more effective, if, instead of see-
ing the light m the form of the pamphlet of the
contractors, it could take on the form of an attack
in this House from members of the House; and
hence it is that that which was originally intended
merely as a pamphlet crusade against this com-
mittee has acquired that additional strength and
influence which ought to attach to statements made
ni this House by members of the House upon
their responsibility.
I am not surpnsed to learn what was the effect
of that statement upon the House. I am not sur-
prised that the House were ready, almost, m the
absence of the committee, to order their discharge
from further duty when it had been stated that
they themselves had committed frauds, when it
was stated that they themselves had lied, that they
had squandered the people's money in the guise
of an effoit to save it. I only wondered that my
friend from Pennsylvania on my left, who, I un-
derstand, had charge of a resolution on that occa-
sion to discharge the committee from further du-
ties, refrained from offering it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. As the gentleman has re-
ferred to me, I wish to say that ! was not charged
with any such resolution; but I think I have had
reason to vote for such a resolution when it does
come before the House. I repeat that I was not
charged with any such resolution, and do not
propose to offer any.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know as the gentleman
ever did draft any particular resolution, or that it
was handed to him, or that he was waiting for an
opportune moment to offer'it. I only know that
the gentleman announced himself ready to vote
for such a resolution, and I only wonder that he
did not offer and the House pass such a resolu-
tion.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I understood the gentle-
man to assert that I was charged with such a res-
olution.
Mr. DAWES. I only took the gentleman from
Pennsylvania as a candid man, as a man of good
judgment, with a disposition to do what was
right. I was only alluding to the effect which the
charge made upon the committee on Monday last
must have had upon the gentleman, and saying
to the House that I did not wonder that gentle-
men under the influences of such a charge were
ready to offer and adopt such a motion as thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania now says he is ready to
vote for. He sec?*, 1 trust, the force of my remark.
It is due to the gentleman's candor and sensitive-
ness to what he believes to be right. I would not
for a moment believe that there is any lack of
courage on his part to move that resolution.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] in the discussion of another mat-
ter which had no reference to the committee, trav-
eled out of that discussion to accuse the commit-
tee. It was thought necessary, in order to defeat
the resolution of the gentleman from New York,
to accuse the committee on Government contracts
with btung enemies of General Fremont. The
committee had said nothing in reference to Gen-
eral Fremont. They had never, in this House or
elsewhere, made any accusation against General
Fremont.
Whether correctly or not, it was supposed that
certain documents hi ought before the House, offi-
cial documents, by the committee in their repoit,
reflected upon General Fiemont. And therefore
the com mittee were charged with being the enemies
ofGeneral Fremont, and that going out to St. Louis
as his enemies, we were seeking after cause for his
removal. Now, I am able to say, as one who
knows quite as much about the real sentiments
and feelings of every member of that committee
as perhaps any gentleman in this House, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who has made this
accusation is entirely mistaken upon that point.
It will be somewhat new to my constituents, who
know me quite as well as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does, to hear at this late day that 1 am
counted one of the enemies of General Fremont.
It will be equally unjust to every other member
of the committee to make the accusation against
them.
The mistake into which my kind friend from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] has fallen, and all other
membeis who have arraigned this committee for
the method m which they have pursued their in-
vestigations, lies light here: they forget what du-
ties the committee were charged with. My friend
refeircdj with great pride, to the proceedings of an
investigating committee in a former Congress, and
he held it up as a pattern for us to follow. He
forgets that the one committee was charged with
investigating the conduct of individuals, and that
the other committee was charged soiely with in-
vestigating the character of contracts; that we
were to examine those contracts without regard to
persons, and that we had nothing to do with per-
sons in the investigation of those contracts. He
says we failed in our duty, because when we went,
out to St. Louis we did not invite General Fremont
to aid us in investigations touching the contracts
which McKinstiy had entered into there, as quar-
termaster, for the purpose of carrying on the war.
Why, sir. we went out there without knowing
General Fremont, or General Fiemont's accusers
in that department. We were treated with kind-
ness and attention by both sides, and we felt it
prudent to decline all proffers of hospitality ex-
