818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
agent.who would not defraud the Government
under any other mode of compensation would not
be likely to attempt to do it under this mode.
It depends altogether upon the character of the
agent, and not at all upon the mode of his com-
pensation. A knave will cheat you, if he can,
under any mode of compensation; while an honest
man will not attempt to do it under this mode or
under any mode, and under no circumstances of
temptation. The safety and protection of the Gov-
ernment against these frauds and peculations is in
the honesty and fidelity of its agents, and not in
the mere mode or manner of their compensation.
In this mode—I mean the commission mode—an
honest agent will make his purchases at the lowest
possible price, and pass them over to the Govern-
ment at the same price, retaining only his lawful
commissions. Under this or any other mode of
compensation, a dishonest agent will purchase an
article—aship,forinstance—at the lowest possible
price no doubt, say ten, twenty, or fifty thousand
dollars, and then pass it over u> the Government
at a greatly enhanced price, perhaps twice that
sum, and will swear himself and produce the affi-
davit of the seller that he actually paid the higher
price, and will laugh you in the face, while he
pockets the difference! This is no hypothetical
case. This very thing has actually been done.
This very fraud, and in this very manner, has act-
ually been practiced upon the Government. And
can you prevent it; can you guard against it by
any mere mode of compensation to these agents?
Certainly not. I repeat, then, that the safety of
the Government, the security of the Government,
is in the character of the agent, in his capacity,
his honesty, his fidelity; and this is its only secu-
rity under any mode of compensation whatever.
In honest hands you are safe enough under the
commission system; in dishonest hands yon are
not safe under any system you can adopt. The
practice of frauds upon the Government, then, fur-
nishes no argument against any particular mode
of compensation to these agents; but it does fur-
nish a most potential argument for the exercise of
special care and vigilance to select honest men for
these important trusts.
The resolution, therefore, does not point to the
real evil, nor to any effectual remedy for an ex-
isting evil, and hence is of no practical import-
ance. If the resolution involved no other consid-
eration, and if it had no other meaning, and no
other significance, than as a mere general expres-
sion of our opinion in respect to the expediency
or the inexpediency of any particular mode of
compensation to Government agents, I should
regard it as of little moment. 1 should regard
its passage or its rejection as quite immaterial.
But, air, it is not to be denied, it is not to be dis-
guised, that this resolution has another and more
significant moaning, and a more significant pur-
pose than this. It is the obvious, indeed, 1 may
say, it is the admitted intent and purpose of this
resolution to cast censure upon the Secretary of
the .Navy; and taken in connection with the re-
port which accompanies it, and especially taken
in connection with the speech made by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, its adoption must necessarily be taken as an
emphatic and deliberate expression of our want
of confidence in the integrity, as well as in the
judgment of the Secretary of the Navy as a public
officer. The resolution has no othermeaning,and
no other consequence. It can receive, in the pub-
lic mind, no other interpretation; and in that view
of it, I am not prepared to vote for it.
In the first place, sir, if the Secretary of the
Navy has done anything which renders him ob-
noxious to public censure, I would not give it by
indirection. I would not give it by inference or
by implication; I would give it directly. I would
express it in plain and explicit terms; so that he
and the country and all the world might know
exactly what was meant by it. In the second
place, as at present advised, I am not prepared to
vole a censure upon the Secretary of the Navy,
either directly or indirectly; either openly or cov-
ertly. I am not as yet prepared, by any vote of
mine, to declare that the Secretary of the JNnvy,
in the administration of his high office, has done
anything which calls for condemnation or rebuke,
or which impeaches his integrity as a public offi-
cer, I see nothing, indeed, in the nature or the
character of the transaction itself which has been
made the subject of so much severity of remark 1
and of criticism, which should subject him to pub-
lic reproof, or to the forfeiture of the public con-
fidence. 1 have read his response to your reso-
lution, in which he gives you a full and fair and
frank exposition of that transaction and its results;
and I here solemnly declare it to be, in my judg-
ment, a complete and perfect vindication of the
honesty of his intentions and of the integrity of
his action in that matter, and one which I think
ought to satisfy,and which I had supposed would
satisfy, every mind not predisposed and pre-
determined to cavil and fault-finding. I confess,
sir, that my own mind was not a little relieved
upon learning the exact facts and circumstances of
that transaction as he has disclosed them; for I
had not been without apprehension that where
there was so much carping and clamor, there might
possibly have been some occasion for it; but hap-
pily, in my judgment, there is none at all—none
whatever, so far as the Secretary of the Navy is
concerned, the facts and circumstances of the case
being fully understood and properly appreciated.
I need not say that in the great and terrible
emergency into which this country was suddenly
plunged upon the open outbreak of the rebellion
last spring, a most difficult and responsible task
was thrown upon the Secretary of the Navy. He
was required to increase, very largely, and with
all possible dispatch, our naval force. Ships
and men and arms were all wanting. He was
required in the emergency of the hour, at once
and without delay, to extemporize, virtually to
create, a navy for the public defense and for the
national protection. The emergency of the occa-
sion admitted of'no delay. The thing must be
done, and done at once. There was no time, cer-
tainly, to build ships for the present necessity of
the public service; neither was there time, nor did
the nature of the business, the various kinds and
qualities and prices of the vessels to be procured,
admit of their being obtained by bids or offers
under advertised proposals. There was no other
course, no other alternative for him but to go into
the open marketand purchase such ships as would
answer the purpose from the merchant maiine,
upon the best teims he could make. This he did;
this he was obliged to do; and I hesitate not here
to say that he did it well; that he did it judiciously;
that, under the circumstances, he did it econom-
ically; at all events, that he did it in the exercise
of his best judgment and of an honest purpose.
He could not, of course, give his personal atten-
tion to this business and make the purchases him-
self. That was impossible; and nobody could
have expected it of him. He must of necessity
then do this business, and make these purchases,
through the agency of other paities.
In the first place, he triea the experiment of
making these purchases through the agency of na-
val officers of high rank and character, and these
officers, in turn, made the purchases through the
sub-agency of ship brokers, who charged from
five to ten percent, commission upon their pur-
chases. This system proved to be woise than a
dead failure. Under it the most gross and bare-
faced impositions and frauds were practiced upon
the naval officers and upon the Government, as
in the case of the purchase of the William Badger
and the Roman, which were sold to the Govern-
ment at about double the prico that was paid for
them by tho agents. What shall ho do > Shall
he continue this system after this experience?
Certainly not. Would you have him appoint a
plurality of agents or constitute a board of com-
mission to make these purchases? fie states to
you in his answer, clearly and forcibly, the ob-
jections to either of these systems, and they are
such as would readily occur to every intelligent
mind upon a little reflection.
After this experience, then, and upon full con-
sideration—for it was done deliberately, upon full |
consideration—he concluded to adopt the system |
of a single commercial agency, and appointed Mr. i
George D. Morgan, of the city of New York, to '
that agency. Mr. Morgan is, personally, a stran-
ger to me. I know him only by reputation, and
that reputation is strongly in his favor. From all
the information I have, I hesitate not to say that
this was a good, a judicious selection. He might
have made otheis doubtless as good, as able, as
competent, as honest, as upright, as faithful; but
I say that no better selection for this business,
from all the information 1 have, could have been .
made. Mr. Morgan, as is well known, has long
been connected with one of the most respectable
and successful business firms in the city of New
York. He is a gentleman of acknowledged and
well known character for intelligence, for stiict
integrity, for active energy, for uncommon busi-
ness capacity, and as having a long and large ex-
perience in the business of buying and selling
ships as well as other kinds of property. His
eminent fitness and qualifications for this business
were well known to the Secretary, and they were
well known to the public; and these were a suffi-
cient guarantee to the Secretary, and a sufficient
guarantee to the public, of an able, an honest, and
a faithful execution of this important trust; and
this, I add, was a sufficient justification for that
appointment.
Moreover, let it be borne in mind that Mr. Mor-
gan was to make no purchases of vessels until
after they had been inspected by a board of naval
experts, and only upon their certificate of the
proper quality of the vessels, and of their adapta-
tion to naval purposes. This was a careful and
very proper precaution on the part of the Secre-
tary of the Navy. Mr. Morgan has executed the
duties of his agency in this behalf; and tell me,
has it not been well done ? Has it not been faith-
fully done? Has it not been economically done
for the Government? Has he not justified the
Secretary's choice of an agent for this business?
It is so certified by business gentlemen of the
highest respectability in the city of New York,
and I am not aware that anybody disputes it. I
hold in my hand letters, private letters, to be sure,
and not intended for the public eye, addressed to
me upon this subject by gentlemen personally
known to me as gentlemen of high respectability
and position, whose opinions are unbiased by any
pecuniary interest, remotely or directly, in that
transaction, and whose statements are entitled to
full credit. In this connection I will read very
brief extracts from one or two of them. One of
them says:
a I have the pleasure of knowing Mr. Morgan well, and
am confident tluit the Government'could not well have se-
lected a shrewder purchaser of property than this gentle-
man, nor one whose transactions are so generally known
to have been made on such favorable terms for the Gov-
ernment."
Another says:
" I can fuinibh you, it'required, information from several
of our leading busmen firms that, thtongh Mi. Moigan's
agency, the Govei nmenthas saved at least twice the annum t
ot his commissions. I have known Mr. Morgan for the la t
fifteen yrais, and can assure you that for integuty and
ability, lus position in our community has been infuiov to
none."
My honorable friend, the Senator from Maine,
sitting before me, [Mr. Morrill,] has a letter ex-
pressing the same general opinion, but which I
will not call for at present, presuming that he will
present it in the course of some remarks he may
make upon this resolution. It is from Mr. Robert
B. Mmturn, a distinguished citizen of New York,
and addressed to the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and an extract fiom which he
read the other day on another point. 1 feel war-
ranted in saying that these arc but the individual
expressions of a prevalent opinion among the
business men of New York, in respect to the man-
ner in which this agency has been executed. 1
believe it to be generally conceded that Mr. Mor-
gan's purchases, as a whole, were made upon
terms most favorable to the Government; indeed
upon terms more favorable than other purchases
of any other kind of property, and under any other
authority, and under any other agency, have gen-
erally been made. It is so according to current
and accredited report. It is so according to the
showing. It is so according to the general testi-
mony.
The fact that Mr. Morgan stood in the relation
of a brother-in-law to the Secretary of the Navy
is certainly no impeachment of the motive of the
appointment, and" is not open to criticism or
stricture, provided the agent has proved himself
able, faithful, and honest in the execution of his
trust. This very relationship, in fact, would fur-
nish an additional incentive to an honest and faith-
ful discharge of the duties of his trust, to the end
that he might not bring discredit or suspicion
upon the good name of his friend and relative.
But after all, Mr. President, the chief ground
of complaint is not but that the agent has proved
himself capable and honest and faithful m this
matter; not but that he has served the Government
