1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25.
time to read the papers and reports with which
my desk is filled. I cannot find time to read the
least elaborate of them, much less such ponderous
volumes as this report, covering over eleven hun-
dred pages. I am a widely-known member of a
community numbering more than six hundred
thousand people. My constituents and townsmen
can take the cars late in the evening and have their
breakfast in Washington, or they can attend to
the bank business of the morning and take their
tea in Washington, so that I am rarely or never
out of the presence of my constituents and towns-
men. Unhappily, I am not able to answer one
tenth of the letters brought me by mail, and am
not, therefore, able to take upon myself the read-
ing of volumes of the kind now before us, and to
analyze and sift their contents. I am discussing
the report of the committee, bccause one of my
constituents called my attention to a flagraut error,
and the basing upon that error of a report destruct-
ive of his character, the result of nearly half a
century of an honest and energetic life, and to
which I invited attention, when no member of that
committee, to whom I spoke on the subject, would
admit that there was an error and correct it.
.1 wish I could get time to read this report
through. If it discloses that measure of fraud
which public rumor says it docs, I would favor
energetic action, and at once expose the perpe-
trators to the public eye and condign punish-
ment.
In the course of the gentleman's speech to
which I ha ve alluded, Mr. Cummings is denounced
for his contracts for linen pantaloons and straw
hats for our troops. Yes, sir, he did make pur-
chases of those articles; and the gallant men who
came from distant Maine and northern Michigan,
leaving the snow under their feet and at the doors
of their homes, were biought suddenly under a
summcrsim,thanked God many a time that some-
body had the sagacity to provide them with light
linen instead of heavy woolens, and a wide
brimmed straw hat to protect them from the sun
while working as laborers in the trenches. Gen-
tlemen need not tell me that there was to be no
necessity for such articles. Your Quartermaster
General, I am told, tried to buy such articles be-
fore learning there were some on hand, and when
he went into the market he found that he could
not obtain them except at double the puce paid
by Alexander Cummings. Yes, for white panta-
loons he was charged omi hundred per cent, higher
than was paid by Mr. Cununmgs.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. The hats nnd
linen pantaloons put chased by Mr. Cummings
are now in the possession of the quartermasters.
The pantaloons cannot be used because they are
not half sewed, and the hats are too small for
anybody.
Mr. KELLI2Y. There is a question of verac-
ity between us, and I will go to the Department
with the gentleman to settle it.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. I am willing
to accept that.
Mr. WASHBUIINE. Inquire also about the
one hundred and fifty bags of coffee purchased by
Mr. Cummings.
Mr. KELLEY. The circumstances under
winch Mr. Cummings was appointed were hith-
eito unknown. The order of 23d of April, under
which he was appointed, announces them,asfol-
lows:
'* Tn eoiiMdetation of ibe e\naordmary emergencies
winch demand immediate and dec i-.ivo the
pre.-ervatmi of the national capital and the defense of the
national Government—"
What were those extraordinary emergencies?
Look at the date: 23d of Apiil, 1&G1—four days
after the shooting of the Massachusetts soldiers
in Baltimore; two days after the burning of the
bridges, when the capital was invested and de-
prived of intercourse wrh the North; when there
was only one moans of access to this building;
when more than half of the men in the city we re dis-
loyal; when a little company of less than one hun-
dred men from vanous S'ates weie guarding the
President's House; when a local military company
of eighty members went to be mustered into ser-
vice, and more than forty refused to take the oath;
and when a few companies of Pennsylvanians,
unarmed as they weie, fought their way through
Baltimore to tins capital with clubs, andmadeanu-
chms, which the loyal troops from New Yoik and
Massachusetts camr- to sustain and expand. And
who was to provide for them ? A gentleman who
had never been in military life was ordered to
cooperate with the officers of the Government, and
he bought coffee. But he ought not to have given
to the seventh and seventy-first New York, or
the sixth or eighth Massachusetts regiments, any
coffee. Why, they had become common soldiers,
and to give them such a luxury as coffee was to
outrage the sensibilities and the principles of the
Yan Wyck committee. Yet, thank God, he pro-
vided coffee for them; he sent to the capital re-
freshments for these men, who had left their lux-
urious homes, and had come, with muskets on
their shoulders, to guard your barricaded capital.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; I yield the floor, hav-
ing finished my remarks. I came not willingly
into this discussion, but I am ready now, and
will be when the final report comes tn, to bear
mypartin asking this House to do justice, and to
correct mistakes that stiike at the character of cit-
izens, and which arc persisted in by the members
of the committee.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. I merely de-
sire to say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who says that one of his constituents had fur-
nished coffee to the regiments which came on here
at that time, that the coffee sent on here by Alex-
ander Cummings is now in possession ofthe com-
missary, and has not been distributed at all, for
the reason that it was not fit for distribution.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. We will settle that question
as we settle the other. I had never heard a ques-
tion raised about the coffce. I say it was provided
for such a purpose, and I am willing to go with
the gentleman from New Jersey to the source of
truth upon that subject, and learn what it is.
Mi. STEELE, of New Jersey. I had the evi-
dence before me this morning, together with sam-
ples of the coffee itself.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not desire to be turned
aside from my original purpose in this discussion
by any question as to the propriety of the pur-
chases of Alexander Cummings in April of last
year, or the propriety of giving, m the midst of a
snow storm, straw hats and linen pantaloons to
the shivering soldieis of Maine and Massachu-
setts, on their way to defend the capital. I do not
dcsiio to enter into that question, for I rose to
finish the few remarks I designed to make when I
opened this discussion.
But before going further, I ask the pardon of the
gentleman from New York [Mi. Roscor, Conk-
ling] for wounding his feelings so seriously in the
poor attempt I made at pleasantry when appre-
ciating the beauties of his remarks. I found them
in such strange settings that I was incautiously
led to make the remarks I did. I was innocent of
any design to wound him.
The complaint of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, the chairman of the Committee of Way sand
Means, [Mr. Stevens,] and in ref'ience to which
nothing but the rule ofthe House prevented him
from moving to discharge the committee, was that
the com mittee were expending the people's money.
Now, I wish to ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania if he has any idea what this committee has
cost, over and above what they have saved to the
Treasury thus far? I want to know whether he
had the slightest idea about that when lie charged
upon the committee such expendituie and such
extravagance as to justify him in moving to dis-
charge them from further duty, and that, too, m
their absence ?
But before I go further, nnd lest I forget it, it
i is due to the Pennsylvania delegation in the House
! that I should be more explicit upon the matter to
| which I have before alluded. I spoke of the great
: influence ofan ex-Secretary over men, and T spoke
! of the attempt upon Ins part to accomplish a cer-
i tain end in that way. 1 alluded, what seemed to
: be well known as a fact, to his influence upon dis-
I tinguished gentlemen from Pennsylvania, in and
about and out ofthe last Congress. I think upon
I the testimony 1 have received here since I made
[ that remark, that I ought to say that none of those
I gentlemen, members ofthe piesentllouse at least,
i were induced by any consideration to withdraw
j the protest they filed with the President. I think
there is no donbtof the fact, howe\er. The news-
paper publications announced, and it was never
contradicted, that many of the gentlemen who
were induced to sign such a protest, were also in-
duced by the exercise of that influence always
attendant on great minds and great men over others
not so great, to withdraw that protest.
But to return; I was asking the gentleman from
Pennsylvania about the expenses of this commit-
tee. The gentleman is before me, and as I have
put the matter in the form of an interrogatory, I
hope the gentleman will at some time indicate to
the House his knowledge upon that subject.
Mr. STEVENS. What question does the gen-
tleman put to me?
Mr. DAWES. Whether the gentleman is aware
of the expenses of that committee over and above
what they have saved to Government?
Mr. STEVENS made a reply which was not
distinctly heard by the reporters, but the purport
of which was understood to be, that he hoped to
have an opportunity hereafter to reply to the gen-
tleman's remarks and interrogatories.
Mr. DAWES. I stated to the House on afor-
mer occasion that the committee had endeavored
to render its action as practical as possible, and
whenever they had discovered what they thought
to be a fraudulent or profligate contiact, to lay it
before the proper Department; the Department co-
operating with the committee in correcting abuses.
Arithmetic shows that the committee had brought
back—when this report was made—in dollars and
cents into the Treasury, just about the amount of
their current expenses; and they have saved in
contracts amounts which would seem almost fab-
ulous in other times. 1 may be permitted to allude
to a single contract which was made last Septem-
ber—made by the then Secretary of War himself,
Mr. Cameron, its terms not known at the Ordnance
Bureau until three days before he resigned, for
the purchase of one hundred and fifty thousand
muskets abroad, to be inspected abroad by a man
sent out there by the War Department, and whose
expenses were to be borne by the parties selling
the arms, and under such circumstances that the
man who was sent out by the party who had made
this contract with the Secretary of War, wentout
under an assumed name; a brother-in-law of a
distinguished officer of a Pennsylvania railroad.
Brothers-in-law, I may be permitted to say, are
very fortunate in these times, and if I ever begin
life again I will take cat e to be somebody's brother-
in-law. [Laughtei.] I say 1 may be permitted to
refer to such a contract, and when this committee
came to investigate it, the parties came straight-
way here before the commission on ordnanceand
ordnance stores, now sitting in tins city, and con-
sented to a settlement of it upon terms by which
$1,300,000 have been saved to the Government in
a single contiact. That contract, I say, was made
by the then Secretary of War himself, and, as ap-
pears by the document I have before me, its terms
i weie not known to the Ordnance Bureau until the
10th day of January last, three days before the
Secretary resigned.
In connection with this statement,! send up to
the Clerk the document, and ask him to read what
I have marked. It is a document addressed to the
Senate of the United States by the then Secretary
of War. It bears date the 15th day of Januaiy
last, two days after he had resigned, while he was
then acting Secretary of War, and while his nom-
ination as minister to Russia was pending in the
Senate, and where it encountered opposition be-
cause of certain statements which I happened to
make here upon this floor upon the day he re-
signed.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<£Tn the mean time I take occasion to fltate that 1 have,
mj self, not made a single contiact for anv purpose what-
evci ; having always interpreted the lawsot Congress as
contemplating that'the heads of bureaus?, who are experi-
enced and able officers ot the icgular At my, fehail make all
contracts for pnpplie:- for the blanches of the service under
then charge ie?pectively.
] So tar, I have not found any occasion to interfere with
j thorn m the dtschaige of this portion of their responsible
duties
" I have the honor to be, very re>peetfu!]\. jour obedient
seivant, SLMON CAMERON,
is Secretory of War.
"lion. H. Hamlin,
I •' President of the Senate of the United Stales."
I Mr. DAWES. I have stated that, in this sol-
' emn declaration, signed by the then Secretaiy of
I War, and addressed to the Senate when ins nom-
| mation was pendmg,and when the accusation was
; made against him that he had made contracts for
i the pun.hru.-e of dims, as stated by me upon this
