THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. LIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JUKE 20, 1862.
New Series No. 176.
the State of Now York moved to amend this section
by confining the mileage to the simple expenses;
that \vaa adopted by a vote; and then the whole
was stricken out. I am satisfied that a majority
of the House of Representatives approve the sec-
tion as it stands, and I hope the Senate will adhere
to it, and in that way we shall get rid of this mile-
age question, I think forever. The section allows
Senators and membeis half the present mileage,
a sum more than sufficient to pay their expenses
ill coming here; and I am satisfied the House will
agree to that; but when the amendment was
adopted reducing the mileage to the mere expenses
of travel, leaving it indefinite, so that each mem-
ber would lie at liberty to charge as he chose, so
that there would be no fixed standard, the whole
section was rejected by the House. I hope the
Senate will adhere to the section, and I have no
doubt the House will assent.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair will
state the question, that all may understand it. The
words which have been read were part of the bill
of the Senate. The House of Representatives
amend the bill by striking out the words which
have been read relating to the question of mileage.
The Committee on Military Affairs report in favor
of concurringin the House amendment; and if the
Senate concur in that proposition, the words are
stricken out; otherwise, they remain.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Chair
has stated the question precisely; and I will sim-
ply say that, on a thorough examination, it was
thought that (his proposition was not germane to
the bill exactly; but as the Senate had expressed
its opinion strongly in favor of it, and rumor said
that the House would be in favor of it if it was
understood properly, we thought it better to put
it on some other bill, and not peril this bill with
it. I am for the proposition; but I think wo had
better not risk this bill with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has been some mis-
apprehension—and I am very sorry to see it—in
regard to these measures. At the commencement
of the session I reported several bills embracing
many of the provisions contained in this bill, and
contemplating a reduction of various civil officers
of the Government. At the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and other Senators who
desired to accomplish the same purpose, I with-
held my bills, or rather I did not press action on
them, on the ground that by this bill we had re-
duced the compensation of all civil officers of the
Government ten per cent.; had cut down mileage,
and lopped off many other excrescences; and on
that ground alone, as the Senate had already at-
tached these propositions to a bill which was
important in character and which could undoubt-
edly pass, I waived all action on my bills.
Now, it is proposed to strike out all these re-
forms, all these measures of economy, and allow
this Congress to adjourn without passing upon
any of them. If the Senate shall concur in the
House amendments, I give due notice that, not at
this but at the next session of Congress, I will
propose these measures of reform. J believe it
will be more creditable to the Senate and better for
the country if the Senate insist upon these propo-
sitions to reduce the compensation of all the offi-
cers of the Government ten per cent., to reduce
the mileage one half, and to adopt various le-
forms in the incidental expenses of the Army. If
that is done, I for one shall be perfectly satisiled,
and will not press the other measures; but if that
is not done, I believe the public necessities will
be so great, the demand upon us for these reforms
will be so urgent, and the reforms are so much
needed, that f should not do my duty if I did not
press the other bills. If we now insist on what is
clearly right, by reducing the mileage one half,
by making a general reduction of ten per cent, on
the salaries of all the officers of the Government
in this time of peril, confining it simply to the
present rebellion, if we will cut off these various
excrescences in the pay and emoluments of the
Army, I believe our duty will have been accom-
plished, and the public will be satisfied. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will insist on these propo-
176
sitions in this bill. The idea that they are not
pertinent to this bill is simply ridiculous. This
bill affects the pay of the Army and various inci-
dental expenses. The reduction of ten per cent,
is general, and applies to the Army and Navy and
all other officers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio will suspend his remarks. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished business
of yesterday—the Pacific railroad bill—is the spe-
cial order at this time. The Chair is advised that
that bill, having been ordered to be printed with
the amendments that have been agreed to, has not
yet been returned from the printer. It will there-
fore be impracticable to proceed with that busi-
ness, and the present bill will continue under con-
sideration. The question still is on concurring in
the amendment of the House of Representatives,
and the Senator from Ohio has the floor upon jt.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to make an ex-
planation in justice to the Superintendent of Print-
ing. The bill would have been here at the usual
hour, but we have changed the hour of meeting,
and he was not aware of it. It will be here at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has the floor on the question of con-
curring in the House amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have stated nearly all that
I desire to state. The proposition is a very plain
one. It needs no argument. The present mile-
age, as we all know, was framed upon a state of
facts that does not now exist. It was designed to
give members of Congress forty cents a mile at a
time when they could travel but twenty miles a
day, and when a day's travel would be equivalent
to eight dollars. The whole reason for the old
system of mileage has passed away; and 1 think
we ought to recognize that fact, and reduce our
mileage now to a reasonable compensation for our
expenses in coming here. We have already in-
creased the salary, placed our salary upon a dif-
ferent position; and this mileage will always be a
source of annoyance and trouble. I should like
to have the two or three hundred dollars additional
pay that the increased mileage would give me,
but I am perfectly willing to give it up, though I
am no more able to do it than other Senators. I
am willing to forego it in accordance wnh what I
conceive to be the just and reasonable demand of
the people, that we should economize as far as we
can. I do not know in this Government anything
that is more exorbitant or more unjust than the
present rate of mileage. It was intended simply
as a means of compensating and paying the ex-
penses of members of Congress from their resi-
dences to this point. It is grossly exorbitant. It
is indefensible in principle. If there is a desire to
increase the compensation of Senators and Repre-
sentatives, do it directly. I know Senators receive
but very little pay in proportion to the ability re-
quired for the office; but the present system is un-
equal; because a Senator who lives so remote as
California gets §6,000 a year for mileage, and a
Senator who lives in Maryland gets perhaps §100.
It is grossly unequal. A Senator living in Iowa,
whose expenses are probably thirty or forty dol-
lars incoming here, gets two or three thousand
dollars mileage in the course of a year; while a
Senator living near by gets very little. I think,
therefore, we aught to correct, to a reasonable ex-
tent, these abuses, and do it now. If we do not
do it now, we keep this question before us a con-
stant source of annoyance and trouble; and we
shall never get so reasonable and fair a proposi-
tion as we have now in the bill; and I am satisfied
by the statementsofd liferent members of the House
that the thing was disposed of there under a mis-
apprehension that the amendment proposing to
reduce the mileage still more was adopted; anu
(lien, after a little reflection, it was found thatthat
amendment was totally impracticable and was un-
just, and therefore the whole proposition was de-
feated ; but a majority of the House would be very
willing to compromise and agree to this proposi-
tion. I hope, therefore, it will be adhered to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree
with the Senator from Ohio that this is a just pro-*
vision, and I voted for it originally most cheer-
fully. We have a provision in the ninth section
of the bill making a deduction often per cent, on
the compensation of all persons employed in the
civil, military, and naval service of the country.
When it was first introduced it received the gen-
eral support of the Senate; but before it left the
Senate it barely passed by a very small majority.
It was stricken out in the House of Representa-
tives, I am told, by general consent. The House
also struck out this section in regard to mileage.
I do not like to risk this bill upon a provision,
which, however important in itself, is of very
little consequence in comparison with the bill.
This bill has more than twenty sections, and in
nearly every section money will be saved to the
Government by its passage. It is a reformatory
bill, and if carried out faithfully and honestly will
save several million dollars a year.
We are told that the House of Representatives
may stand by this section, if it goes back there. I
do not feel confident of that. "I think that if the
Senate and the House are in favor of the principle
of the provision itself, it is the easiest thing to put
it upon some bill where it will surely pass. We
can put it in some of the appropriation bills or
some of these bills where it will come up fairly, and
be tested, and where nothing will be risked by it.
Therefore, I think the committee right in recom-
mending that we concur with the Xiouse in this
amendment. The bill is a very important one; it
was passed by the Senate months ago. I regret
that it did not become a law of the land three or
four months ago, for it would have saved a great
deal of money, and corrected a great many abused
that exist in the Army and in some of the Depart-
ments of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 12; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Browning, Cariile, Clark, Collaroer,
Cowan, Davio, Dixon, Fostei, Games, Hole, Hailnn, Hen-
derson, Howard, Uowe.Kennedy, Lane ofKansas, Latham,
McDougall, Mm rill, Nemnth, Pmneroy, Powell, Stark,
Sumner,Trumbull, \Vil. Wilmot, Wilson ol Massa-
chusetts, and WiSson oi Missouri—29.
NAVS—Messrs. Aiithonv, Chandler, Doolittle, Foot,
King, I.ruie of Indiana, SauJ-bmy, Sherman, Ten Eyclt,
Wade, Willey, and Wright—1~-
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be read.
Mr. LATHAM. I understand (he Pacific rail-
road bill is now on the Secretary's table. I call
for its consideration. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
not yet been returned, the Chair understands,
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will not take long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be iend.
The Secretary read the seventh amendment of
the House of Representatives, which is to^striko
out the eighteenth section of the bill, in the iollow-
ing words:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That no allowance
in commutation shall be made to officers for fuel and quar-
ters. The number of olfices. now allowed to ec'tain oncers
nftheAimy m the tiansaction of harness s-hall furnished,
and no more. No allowance shall bo made 10 officer:?, when
entitled to receive mileage, for transportation oi baggage or
servant'* Tl u* section shall not affect tin; piesent legisla-
tions for Quarters and fuel actually furnished or assigned to
otficor on doty in the field, ot to quarters assigned in public
buildings bUon^ing to ihc Government.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the ninth amendment, which
is to add to the bill as a new section:
Sec. . Jindbeit further enacted. That the different regi-
ments and independent companies heretofore mustered into
the service of the United States, as volunteer engineer,
mom'eis, and sanpcis and minor*, under the ordeis of tiie
President or Seerctaryfof War, or by authoutyot the com-
rnandins? general of any iniliUuv department of the United
State*, oi 'which, having been musteied into the scrvice as
infant] v, shall have been temganized and employed as en-
"•ineoi^. pioneer*, or sappers and umiei-, shall be, ana the
same arc hereby, rccogni7ed and nerepted as volunteer
engineer.-, on the same tooting, in all respects, m regard to
then organization, pay. and emoluments, as Uieeorpsof en-
gineers of the regular Aimy of the United Statee, and they
