322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Service of the Militia—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
superiority with which nature' lias clothed them ?
Sir, in my State we have no such law. None is
needed. I suppose no such law exists in the Sen-
ator's own State; if so, it is a standing disgrace
to the people, for it implies that their tastes lead
them to such associations.
The Senator inquired whether political equality
was not implied in the suggestions of the propo-
sition before the Senate and the argument that I
have attempted to present. To this I reply that
there is no such thing as political equality in na-
ture. Political equality never did, and neverwill,
exist between all the members of any civil society,
whether of the same or of different races. It does
not exist here. It does not exist in any one of
the States of this Unitfn. In the first place, about
one half of the entire white population of the whole
country is disfranchised; can exercise no political
privileges whatever; can neither vote nor hold
office nor bear arms. I refer to that better portion
of society which always commands our highest
regards. And perhaps their exclusion from the
political arena ought to be considered as the result
of our reverence for them, and not in the nature
of a disability. Another very large proportion of
the white population are disfranchised; all those
under twenty-one years of age, even of the males,
are entirely excluded from the enjoyment of polit-
ical privileges. And all those of foreign birth who
have lived in the country less than five years are
entirely excluded under your naturalization laws.
Hence you perceive there is but a small fraction
of the entire population of this country who are
politically enfranchised, and these enjoy political
privileges in various degrees.
I will not pursue this branch of the subject fur-
ther than to remark that i suppose the principle
on which political rights are conferred on mem-
bers of any civil community is a supposed capa-
city on their part to hold, enjoy, and exercise these
privileges with safety and advantage to society it-
self. It is supposed to be inconsistent with the
safety and perpetuity of civil society that those
under twenty-one years of age, as a general rule,
should be permitted to hold the reins of Govern-
ment, or to control the policy of the State; and
hence they are excluded. It is oil the ground of
incapacity—not that ali under that age are incom-
petent, but that a majority probably are; and the
rule is made general on account of the difficulty
of legislating for each individual. The same may
be said of our adopted fellow-citizens. All do not
require a residence of live years to qualify them
for the performance of the duties of American
citizens. Some are as intelligent when they first
land on our shores as the average, at least, of the
native inhabitants; but, as a general rule, a resi-
dence of five years would be necessary to famil-
iarize them with our institutions and laws, so as
to enable them to exercise discreetly and safely
the rights of citizenship.
The Indians, as a class, are excluded on the
same ground; small bands and remnants of tribes
alone are included as voters; and these only by
special acts of Congress, when their attainments
and their improved position in the scale of civil-
ization would seem to justify it. When supposed
to be incompetent to exercise these rights safely,
they are universally excluded. So it should be
in relation to the negro population. The same
principles should beapplied. Myown State,for
example, excludes the whole negro population
from the enjoyment of the right of suffrage and
the right to hold office, not on account of color,
but on account of supposed incapacity to exercise
safely for themselves or others. All
of them are not, but a very large majority are be-
lieved to be incompetent to exercise discreetly
these high prerogatives; and as we cannot very
well legislate in relation to each individual, all are
excluded.
I understand that several of the free States of the
Northwest, Illinois and Indiana, and perhaps oth-
ers, have enacted similar laws. They exclude
them because, in their judgment, they are incom-
petent; the prmcipleon which all other classes are
excluded which are not permitted to exercise these
privileges. Their liberation from slavery would
produce no immediate change in their character
m this respect, and would not involve the neces-
sity of clothing them with high civil trusts. Nor
eould this continued disability on their part be
justly considered a hardship; as well might the
land-lubber complain that he is not permitted to
stand at the helm and guide the ship, when the
safety of all on board requires that it should be
navigated by the most experienced seaman. The
welfare of the negroes themselves requires that the
ship of State should be guided by experienced
hands; they have no more right to complain of
this exclusion than any other class which we have
mentioned. They may enjoy all the blessings of
civil liberty without the right to vote and hold of-
fice. Unnaturalized foreigners are as free before
as they are after their naturalization. Ladies and
minor children are free; they are citizens of the
Republic, citizens of the various States, and yet
they do not participate in the enjoyment of any
of these political privileges. In the exclusion of
any and all of these classes from the enjoyment
of political rights, the States act on the same prin-
'ciple; they are supposed to be, if they are not in
fact, incompetent, and the safety of the commu-
nity requires that they should be thus excluded
until the requisite intelligence shall be secured.
Then, sir, if I have answered the Senator's
questions sufficiently, I inquire what has become of
the taunt of" negro equality?" What has become
of the sneering inquiry, whether those who pro-
pose to arm the black men and at the end of their
military service to give them freedom, intend to
secure their equality with the white race? We have
seen that the liberation of negro slaves does not
imply that they and the white man will thence be-
come physically equal, mentally equal, morally
equal, socially equal, or politically equal; but
they shall be equal with the white race in their
right to themselves and the enjoyment of the pro-
ceeds of their own labor; they shall from that
time forward be in a position to fulfill the condi-
tions of the original curse that man should earn
his bread by the sweat of his own face; that he
shall earn-it for himself and those immediately
dependent on him, and not be compelled to earn
it for another. They will be equal with white
men in their right to justice and the protection of
the laws; they shall have an equal right to the free
use of their own bodies, their own intellects, their
own moral affections, and the right to apply the
proceeds of their own labor to the promotion of
their own welfare and the welfare of their depend-
ent families; and if it shall be found by experi-
ence that any of them arc incompetent to provide
for themselves and their families, they will have a
right to demand the appointment of aguardian for
their protection. No other equality is implied ill
the Declaration of Independence, and none other
is demanded by the friends of emancipation.
Examined, then, from any point of view which
suggests itself to my mind, I am able to perceive
no objection to the result which is contemplated
with so much apparent alarm by Senators from
States tolerating slavery. Ali declamation and
argument designed to demonstrate the danger of a
free negro population to the peace and quiet of a
white community is triumphantly refuted by the
rapid increase of the beautiful commercial metrop-
olis of Maryland in population and wealth, al-
though its streets swarm with free negroes. Sir,
the condition of thirty-six thousand free negroes
of Baltimore is a standing daily refutation of then-
alleged inability to provide for themselves, and to
become peaceable members of civilized society.
This brings me to consider, in conclusion, the
censure of the Senate by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. He inquired, why do you not listen on
these exciting subjects to the representatives from
the border States; why do you not follow their
advice, and thus steer clear of theq«icksands and
breakers that seem to interrupt the progress of the
ship of State? This implies that we do not meet
here oil terms of perfect equality as members of
a deliberative body, in which each one can demand
only a respectful hearing, and then an honest judg-
ment of his peers based on the meritsof the case.
It implies a kind of superiority on the part of the
senators from slave States to require a blind ac-
quiescence in their views without considering then-
facts and weighing their reasons.
Now, sir, 1 protestagainst any such implication.
A Senator who occupies a seat on this flo'or from
a slave State has no right to demand a concur-
rence in his views; he iias no right to dictate the
policy of the nation. All he has a right to require
of this Senate is a respectful,candid hearing, and
then a candid, honest judgment. The Seriate was
not organized to record edicts; it is supposed to
be a deliberative body of peers. Senators are ex-
pected to-listen patiently, and to carefully weigh
all that can be said on all sides of every great na-
tional question, and then to express, in the form
of laws, their solemn judgment. Itis as much the
duty of the Senator from Kentucky to follow my
advice as it is my duty to follow his. It may be
thought, however, that those who are surrounded
by slavery ought to be better judges of the effects
of legislation affecting the relation of master and
slave, and of the legislation calculated to advance
the welfare of such communities. Thisshould be
admitted to be true in a qualified sense; in discuss-
ing every local question they have a right to ex-
traordinary indulgence, just as every other Sen-
ator has when questions are pending of deep local
interest to their immediate constituents. But, on
the other hand, their statements, which are in the
nature of evidence, must be received with many
grains ofallowance. Their testimony is not disin-
terested. They have a direct, certain interest in the
subject of controversy. They are therefore to be
heard as a witness who testifies for himself. Under
the ordinary rules of judicial tribunals, they would
not be permitted to testify in such a case; they
would be excluded from the jury-box, and would
not be permitted toadjudicate the cause. If, how-
ever, you admit their competence as witnesses, as
jurors, and judges, by what extraordinary rules of
judicature do you claim that they shall be the only
witnesses who shall be examined, the only jurors
who shall be swoin,and the exclusive judges in
their own case? This appears to me to be the
very climax of presumption.
Sir, these Senators, instead of coming into this
deliberative body with superior claims to consid-
eration on the subject of slavery, come under that
class of disabilities which should require us to
weigh with extraordinary care their arguments
and their statements of facts; for when tried by our
experience and observation of their previous coun-
sel, we are not encouraged to rely on it implicitly
m the future. We have evidence that they are
notinfallibleadvisers,butaie men of like passions
and like weaknesses with ourselves. A majority
of the Senators from what are called the border
Stateshave steadily opposed every measure adopt-
ed for the prosecution of this war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion. Had their advice been fol-
lowed, the rebellion would have culminated long
since in the inauguration of some one of the chief
rebels as the President of the Republic, and we
would have come to the end of our exoeriment of
self-government. They have not given the slight-
est consideration to that overwhelming conviction
of the public mind in the free States, that slavery
is in a certain sense the cause of the war so need-
lessly commenced and waged against our nation-
ality. They have steadily anil persistently op-
posed every measure calculated in the most remote
degree to affect its perpetuity, or to bring it under
the restraints of law. The only fair interpretation
of which their votes and speeches are susceptible,
with two or tiiree honorable exceptions, is that
slavery is the paramount institution in this coun-
try, for the protection of which the Constitution
was adopted, and without which the Constitution
and Government are worthless.
Sir, this is as we should expect, when we re-
flect that nearly every Senator and Representative
from the so-called border Statps are slaveholders
themselves, and representeommunities ruled and
governed by slaveholder almost exclusively. The
first incident calling my attention to this fact was
the election of the one hundred members of the
lecent constitutional convention in the State of
Heatucky. These delegates represented, nomi-
nally, a community composed of many hundted3
of thousands of non-slaveholding whites, and «.
few thousand slaveholders only, and yet every
delegate was a slaveholder. The non-slavehold-
mg interests were without a representative. From
my subsequent observaiion 1 am convinced that
this is but an illustration of the genera) rule hi
slaveholding communities. Slaveholders hold
nearly all the offices of honor and trust; they con-
trol society, and the local legislation of the respect-
ive States, as absolutely as if non-slaveholders
had no existence. They m-e completely ignored .
