2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
shall be paid for theif services, already performed, as Is now
provided i'V law for the payment of officers and non-com-
missioned officers and privates of the engineer corps of the
regular Army.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the twelfth amendment of
' the House of Representatives, which is to insert as
^(n.additional section:
Sec. —. *dnd be it further enacted, That hereafter all vol-
unteers, before being musteied and received Into the ser-
vice of the United Slates, shall be examined as to their
physical condition and other qualifications, in the same
manner and subject to the same rules and regulations as men
enlisted in the regular Aimy of the United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
The thirteenth amendment of the House was
read, to insert as an additional section:
Sec. —. *dnd be it further enacted, That, in order to pio-
raote discipline and increase the efficiency of the volun-
teers, it shall be lawful for tiie Pi esident to assign any offi-
cer of the regular Army to do duty witli any volunteer regi-
itient, upon the occurrence of a vacancy, as a field officer
of said regiment, upon application of the Governor of the
State in which said regiment was organized; and the offi-
cer so assigned shall have all the pay and allowances and
emoluments of the rank to which he is assigned in the vol-
unteers, and shall retain his rank in the regular Army, and
be entitled to promotion in the same mariner as if he had
been on duty in the regular service; wiienevei the Govern-
or of the State in which said regiment was organized shall
apply for the appointmentofany non-commissioned officcr,
now in the regular Army, as a company officer in said regi-
ment, it shall be the duty ot' the President of the United
States, with the consent of said non-commissioned offi-
cer, to dischaige safd. non-commissioned officer from the
Army, and commission him as a company officer for the
regiment making application for his appointment, as above
recited: Provided, however, That not more than one officer
of the regular Army shall be assigned to duty with any regi-
ment of volunteer infantry or cavalry, and not more than
one non-commissioned officer with any company ot volun-
teerinfantry orcavahy, and that not more than three officers
of the regular Army shall be assigned to do duty with any
regiment ofvolunteerartilleiy, and not more than three non-
commissioned officers ofthe regular Army shall be assigned
to duty with any company of volunteer artilleiy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me there is a
grinciple involved in this section that ought not to
e passed without consideration. I notice that in
a certain contingency the President of the United
States is authorized to discharge a regular soldier
from the Army, and commission him as a company
officer of volunteers for the regiment making ap-
plication for his appointment in that capacity. I
doubt whether that is proper, considering the way
in which our volunteers are raised. Jt has been
the policy of the Government in raising volun-
teers, to have all the regimental officers appointed
by the State Executives. This provides that the
President is to commission a company officer in
the volunteer service. There is some trouble about
this question, and I confess that i hardly know
how wc are to get along constitutionally with the
system which we have adopted. The Constitu-
tion declares in so many words that the officers of
the militia shall be commissioned by the Execu-
tive of the State. That power was tescrvcd in the
Constitution, as was supposed, for a valuable pur-
pose, so that the militia of the country should not
be entirely under the control of the President.
We have kept up this distinction between the reg-
ular Army and the volunteers which are called out
in the States and commissioned by the Executives
ofthe States, to some extent. If all these volun-
teers are to he considered regular soldiers in the
regular Army, like fhe old regular Army, un-
doubtedly they should be commissioned by the
President of the United States; andrcally the reg-
ular Array isa volunteer enlistment; all the soldiers
in the regular Army enter it voluntarily; and the
officers of that organization are appointed, and
properly appointed", by the President of the United
States*, but in raising the great Army we now have
in the field, Congress has thought proper to raise
it through the States, and they are regai ded in one
sense as State troops; thecalls have been made on
the Governors of the States, and the act of Con-
gress recognizes the commissioning of all the regi-
mental officers by the Governors of States.
A part of this section reads:
Whenever the Governor ofthe State in which said regi-
ment was organized shall apply foi tiie appointment of any
non-commissioned officcr, now in the regular A ism, a- u
company officer hi said regiment, itshall be the duty ofthe
President ot the United States, wfth the consent of said
non-commissioned officer, to discharge said non-commis-
sioned officer from the Army and eommi^bion him a-* a com-
pany officer for the regiment making application tor hi* ap-
pointment, as above lecited : Provvled, however, Timt not
more than one offieor ofthe regulai Auny shall be assigned
to duty with any regiment of volunteer mfantjy or cavalry.
I have not the Constitution before me, but all
will recollect the provision to which I have re-
ferred. It seems to me that if a non-commissioned
officer of the regular Army is discharged from the
Army and accepts a commission in the volunteer
service, he should be commissioned by the Gov-
ernor of the State.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator proposes to make that amendment he can
move to strike out the word " President," in the
eighteenth line, and insert " Governor."
Mr. GRIMES. There is not the slightest ne-
cessity for this section. It says, " it shall be law-
ful for the President to assign any officer of the
regular Army"to command a volunteer regiment
or a volunteer company. He has a right to do
that now; he has done it; he is doing it daily.
Mr. MORRILL. He cannot discharge him
from his enlistment.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes he can. He has entire
control over every officer and every man. There
is no necessity for the section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not had time to ex-
amine it to see exactly what should be stricken
out, if anything, and I hope the Senate will dis-
agree to this section for the moment, or else pass
it over informally and take up the next. If the
Senator from Massachusetts has no objection, we
may as well pass over this amendment informally
and take up the next one.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the consideration of this amendment will
be passed over for the present.
Mr, SHERMAN. Before that is done, I wish
to ask the chairman of the committee whether sec-
tion nineteen of this bill stands. If so, it will
create a conflict between two laws which are in-
consistent.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The section
stands as the Senate passed it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am upon a committee of
conference on a bill which has led to discussions
here, making appropriations for the payment of
volunteers' bounty, and if section nineteen of this
bill passes it will be inconsistent with that bill
which a committee of conference is now sitting
upon; inconsistent in some very impoitant le-
spects, and so much so as to create great embar-
rassments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
advised that there is no question at present affect-
ing section nineteen of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it amendable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am con-
strained to confess that there are two or three
errors in the text ofthe bill as it was passed by the
Senate some months ago. We inserted provis-
ions in it on recommendations from Departments
which circumstances have since changed, and we
must get them out of the bill. For instance: the
Paymaster General was very anxious to have the
number of paymasters reduced from one hundred
and forty-nine to one hundred and twenty-five;
since that, by the working of the law allowing sol-
diers to allot part of their pay to be sent home to
their families, so much labor has been devolved
upon the paymasters that instead of reducing them
twenty-four wc have now to add twenty-five to
their number. We have a section in this bill re-
ducing them, and we cannot amend it. The plan
of the committee is to settle on these amendments
to fix the principles, and then let this bill lie on the
table, and introduce an entirely new bill, embody-
ing all these modifications, and send it to the House
of Representatives. We have consulted with the
House committee in regard to this rrtndc of getting
over the difficulty, and we can fix this section in
that way so as to make it harmonious.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The consid-
eration of the Senate is now confined by rule to
the amendments made to the bill by the House of
Repiesentatives.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the section just read about those officers.
The first part of this section provides that the
Picsident of the United States may, for the pur-
pose of promoting discipline among the volun-
teers, authorize the transfer or detail of an officer
of the regular Army to a volunteer regiment. That
| authouty he has now. It says further that he shall
| give the officer the rank and emoluments of the
1 office to which he is transferred. That iy the case
now. Then it authorizes him to take a private
and do the same thing, let him hold an office in a
volunteer regiment. That he can do now. Itau-
thorizeshim further, if he sets fa, to dischaige the
private from the regular Army. That he can do
now; the Secretary of Wans doing it every day.
But here is the objection to the section: the last
clause of it says:
That not more than one officer of the regular Army shall
he assigned to duty with any legiment of volunteer infanuy
or cavaliy, and not more than one noil-commissioned officer
with any company of volunteer infantry or cavalry, and that
not more than tlnee officers of the lcgular Auny shall he
assigned to duty with any regiment of volunteer aitillery.
In our present troubles and considering the mag-
nitude of our volunteer service, that would be as
much as could safely be assigned to any one of
these volunteer regiments; but we ought not to tie
ourselves up, so that under another state of facts
the President shall not have the permission to do
what he can now do. We all know that there will
not be a great many more regular officers assigned
to volunteer regiments that ought to be assigned,
if we are to judge of the future by the past; but
the limit here of three regular officers to a regiment
of artillery is rather a small one. There are ten
batteries in a regiment. If the regular officers
are worth anything, if they ought to be assigned
at all, there ought to be one of them to every bat-
tery, and I do not think it is wise for us to tie the
hands of the War Department or of the President
in this regard. Leave it as it now is; let the Pies-
idcntexercisc his own judgment, and let the coun-
try hold him responsible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The^question
is on concurring in the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This section
was put in by the House of Representatives. I saw
no particular harm that would be brought about
by adopting it. I supposed it would simply reg-
ulate what is already done hy the President. The
President is doing all that the section provides for,
with the exception, probably, of appointing non-
commissioned officers in the Army to places as
commissioned officers in the volunteers; but I sup-
pose he can lot any man go out of the Army if he
chooses to do it. If the Governor of a State de-
sires to make a soldier in the Army an officer,
there is no trouble in giving him a discharge for
that purpose. Therefore, 1 am willing to agree
with the Senator from Iowa to let this section go
out of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that course will be
adopted, and that gets rid of the difficulty.
The amendment was non-concuired in.
The Secretary read the fourteenth amendment
ofthe House of Representatives, to insert as a new
section:
Slc. —. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That any alien of the
age of twenty-one year* and upwaids who has enlisted or
^liall cnli-t m the armies of the United States, eithei the
regtilai oi \oluntecr forces, and ha-. been or shall be here-
altor honoiably dischnsged, may hp admitted to become a
eui7.cn of the United States, upon Ins petition, without any
previous declaration ot Ins intention to become a citizen of
the United States, and that lie shall not be icquned to piove
more than one year's roMdonee within the United Ktate^
pievious to his application to become such citizen; and
that the com t admitting such alien sliall. in addition to such
proof ot residence and good moral chaiactei as is now pto-
vided by law. be satisfied by competent pi oof ol such per-
son havinst been honoiably discharged fiom the service of
the United States as aforsesaid.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the sixteenth amendmentof
the House of Representatives, to insert as a new
section:
Sfc. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That there shall he
added to the Adjutant General's depmtment, by regular pio-
motion of its piescnt officers, one colonel, two lieutenant
colonels, and nine majors; and that the giade of captain m
said df'piii tment shall tlu-u-after b«: abolisht'd, and all vacan-
cies oceunmg m fho girulc of mnpr shall be tilled by <selr>c-
tion from among the captains ofthe Army.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to amend the section
by striking out al! after the word " majors" in
the fourth line. The words which I propose to
strike out aie:
And that the giade of captain in said department shall
tii'-'ii-aftr*] he abolished, and all wcaiieles oceuirimj in the
of majors shall be filled by s-c lection from among the
captains ot the Ainiy.
This section proposes an innovation on the
organization of the Army which I am not prepared
to sanction. It proposes to abolish the grade of
captain in the Adjutant General's department, a
grade which runs through all the other depart-
ments, and all the corps of the Army. I think it
