1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
bU\ty of the administration of this Government.
My friends on the committee of different politics
from me, will have thejustice to say that the Re-
publican party is not the only one that has partic-
ipated ifi these plunders. I will not say on which
party the greater amount of this plunder rests.
And yet we have got to answer for them and
justly, unless we put forth every effort in our
power to prevent them, and unless we call these
men to a rigid and strict account. It will not be
enough to say that we found that we had a com-
mittee who had made a mistake about a man's
name; that we found that a blunder had been
made in printing a man's letter and the committee
did not correct it, and that therefore we discharged
that committee and proclaimed to these plunder-
ers that they might go about their work without
let or hinderance.
^ While it may be easily shown that this Repub-
lican party is not altogether responsible for plun-
dering and profligacy, yet they cannot hold them-
selves guiltless before the country if they shrink
from every effort, if they fail to sustain the hands
and quicken the zeal of the men who have put
their strength and their life for the past six months
to the work; even although they may have made
a mistake—as doubtless they have many in this
large book; even although injustice to an indi-
vidual may be, as probably it has been, committed
in some instance; a committee which has been de-
voting itself by day to this work, and riding by
night upon the cars, finding, while they are busy
at work, that arrows are sent after them from be-
hind to undermine the confidence of the country
in them; I say that this Republican party, to which
I am as devoted as my friend, cannot hold itself
guiltless.
I hope the gentleman will take these words
kindly from one whose political life, humble and
unimportantas it is, is bound up in the principles
of that party. He has all to sacrifice for those
principles, but he is irreconcilably hostile here and
everywhere to the thieving, the stealing, and the
plundering that characterizes the present time.
Sir, I doubt not that Alexander Cummings and
those other men have lost confidence in this com mit-
tco; and that in their opinion there is wonderful
unanimity among all the public plunderers and
their defenders throughout the country. I hope it
is so. I should feel a distrust of the committee if
I found that its coursc was agreeable to these
men. The House and the country hold the com-
mittee responsible for the truth and justice of what
they say, and the country, sir, holds you and me
anu our friends responsible that we do nothing
that shall tend to give the idea that svo encouraged
and countenanced this work. I proposed to speak
plainly to my friends, whether they hear or whether
they will forbear. " Faithful are the wounds of a
friend, but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful."
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood,Mr. Speaker,
when these resolutions were before the House
some time since, that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who recently submitted
an amendment to the second of the series, desired
to be heard on the subject. I see that he fs now
in his seat; and I rise for the purpose of moving,
if there be no desire to debate the matter further,
the previous question on the adoption of such of
these resolutions as it shall be understood may be
acted on to-night. On the third resolution of the
series which may be regarded as a censure on the
manner in which military and naval supplies have
been purchased, the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs [Mr. Sedgwick] desires to be
heard; and that gentleman is now absent m con-
sequence of indisposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman alluded
to was present this morning, but left the House
on account of indisposition, with the understand-
ing that the resolution on which he desired to be
heard was not to be taken up.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is whaf I understood.
I trust, therefore, that by unanimous consent the
third and fourth resolutions, and that which has
been submitted in connection with them and which
involves the same subject, will be postponed ; that
the fiist resolution, which applies to the manner
in which the Cataline was purchased, and to the
whole of that transaction, in connection with
which testimony has been taken that has nor yer
been published, will be also passed over, leaving
only open for the consideration of the House now
the second resolution of the series and the inde-
pendent proposition of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax.]
Mr. SHANKS. Does the gentleman propose
to move the previous question now?
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say 
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest whether it is not
proper for us to postpone action on the whole
series of resolutions until we can proceed to vote
upon them all. I was unavoidably absent from
the House this morning while the gentleman from
Massachusetts made most of his remarks; and I
cannot, of course, answer them till I see them re-
ported in the Globe. I hope, thei*efore, that the
whole subject will be postponed till Monday, and
I make that motion.
Mr .WASHBURNE. If my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Holman] does not propose to
speak upon the resolutions at this time, I suppose
they had better be postponed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I propose to speak upon this
second resolution if it is made the special subject
of debate, but not otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes todiycuss the second res-
olution, I presume he is prepared to do so to-day;
if not, then I see no objection to acceding to his
request and allowing the whole subject to be post-
poned until Monday.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the whole subject
had better be postponed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will simply suggest
^hat the committee are ready now,oratany time,
to dispose of all the resolutions reported by them.
The suggestion that any of them be postponed is
because of the absence of the chairman of the
Committee 011 Naval Affairs, who indicated a
desire to be hoard upon them.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the desire is to postpone
the whole subject until next Monday, I see no
objection to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to know what
the business will be for Monday next?
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports for inference is the business in order for
the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The point which I wish
to reach is, whether there is any business for
Monday which will prevent the consideration of
these resolutions if they are postponed until that
time; whether there are any prior orders that will
take precedence.
The SPEAKER. There are no spccial ordeis
set down for Monday, and nothing, so far as the
Chair knows, after the morning hour, that would
take precedence of these resolutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move, then, to post-
pone the<4o resolutions until Monday.
Mr. HOLMAN. I said I desired to debate
this second resolution. I do not desire to debate
it unless the gentleman from Pennsylvania presses
his motion to strike out a particular word in that
resolution and substitute another. If he does,
then I wish to assign reasons why the amendment
should not bo adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not looked at the res-
olutions since they were reported, and really do
not, know the order in which they were presented.
I do not, in fact, know what the second resolution
is. I would suggest that it would be well enough
to postpone the whole subject until Monday next,
and then dispose of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
The resolutions were then postponed until Mon-
day next.
PRINTING OF FORTIFICATION REPORT.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That extra copies, two thousand bound and
eight thousand in pamphlet form, of the report (No. 8b) re-
lating to {'unification:* and sea-coast defenses, be printed for
tlit? use of the members of the House.
PRINTING IN GERMAN.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, Th.it ?o much of the resolution of this Hou^e
ol tin' -31th uTst.ini av piovides lor the printing of twenty-
live thousand copies of the Agricultural Report of 1861 m 1
the Geiman language he, attcUhe «ame is hereby, rescinded. ;
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of |
order. That subject has been disposed of, and |
cannot be brought up again, except by a suspen-
sion of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that
that point of order can be raised.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I submit another point of
order as to whether this matter has been referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. There are now
ponding before that committee a large number of
memorials upon this subject. The committee
have, therefore, the right under the rules cer-
tainly to report upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the com-
mittee have the right to report the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the Chair direct
the Clerk to read the rule which provides that
when a matter has once been disposed of it is not
in order to bring it up again ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what rule the gentleman refers to,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think there is such a
rule. I move, however, to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I desire only to
say that if the public printer proceeds to execute
the order made yesterday, to print this document
in the German language, the first step will be to
employ a corps of German translators to translate
the report into the German language. The next
step required will be to furnish the Government
Printing Office with a large quantity of type for
the purpose of printing German, for I am informed
that there is not a single font of German in the
office; and the public printer must then procure a
set of German printers to execute the work.
The question then arises whether, if this class
of citizens—and I admit that they are a most mer-
itorious class—arc to have the Agricultural Report
printed in German, they are not en titled also to have
other documents printed for their use; whether
we should not print the laws and the debates of
Congress in German ? I would be willing to incur
this expense for these German citizens if I would
for anybody, but I submit the question whether
we are to have a national language or not?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay thu reso-
lution on the table. I am surprised that the gen-
tleman fiom Vermont should bring this subject
up again in this way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like, if it be in
order, to ask the question whether, in point of
fact, we have any legal language or not?
The SPEAKER. To answer the question
would be in the nature of debate, which is not in
order during the pendency of the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 40, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alien, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Beaman, Fnineis P. Blair, Blake, Chamberlm, Coliax,
Davis, Fisher,Gianger.Guilev, flanchett. Holman, Hutch-
in'-, Julian. Kiuipp, Lcury, Mitchell, Mooihead, Moiris,
Noble, Odell, Olin, Patton, Potter, Pi ice. Riddle, Shanks,
William G. Stwle, Trowbridge, Voorhees, Ward, Wa-di-
buiiie, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. Wlute, Wilson, Win-
doni, and Worcester—40
NAYS—Me-s-rs. Jo-eph Baily, Baker, Baxter, Riddle,
Bingham, Samuel S. Blan.Geoige II. Browne, William G.
Biown. Bull'mion, Burnhain. Calvert. Co-ey, Clement*,
Cobb, Frulwu'k A. Conklmir, Roseoe Conklinjr, Orisfield,
Ciittenden, Diven, l)uell, Dunn, Eliot, English, Feuton,
Fc^enden, Fianehot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Guder,
Hall, Harding. Harrison, Iheknsan, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kerngan, Landing, Lehman, Loonns. McKnight, MePher-
son, Muiiory. May, Maynaid, Menzies, Anson P. Morrill,
Ju->tm S. Morrill, Nixon, N01 ton, Timothy G. Phelps, P1U0,
John H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollin-. Shef-
field, Shellabaiirer, Slnel, Smith, John B. Steele, Steven-*,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Van
Valkenbusgh, Vibbard, Wall, £. P. Walton, Webster,
Woodiutf, and Wught—71.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I ask for the
previous question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE culled for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
