1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
37th Cose....2d Sess.
Origin of the Rebellion—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
in every discussion. And until a very recent
period the same imperious policy controlled Con-
gress. And even now Senators from slaveliold-
mg States imperiously demand that their sug-
gestions shall be blindly adopted; and when, at
the close of a discussion, they find themselves oc-
casionally in the minority—that they have been
treated only as peers, and not as superiors, some
of them manifest a stolid indifference to the fate
of the nation by absenting themselves from the
Chamber for weeks in succession, and others de-
nounce the majority and prlkiict the most dire con-
sequences as the fruits of our stupidity. Nothing
has been more persistently asserted than the con-
solidation of the population of all the slave States
in opposition to the Government of the United
States if their suggestions were not implicitly fol-
lowed. And yet we have in no community real-
ized any such result. The passage of every law
on this subject, enacted during the present Con-
gress, has in my opinion made usstronger in every
border State.
The non-slaveholders of the border States can-
not have failed to perceive what is patent to the
world, that whatever remains of secession within
their limits is fostered and cherished by slave-
holders. This has been true since the commence-
ment of the rebellion. Your policy and yourarms
have met with a stronger resistance from those in
authority, chiefly slaveholders, than from any
other class of these communities. The Govern-
ors of ail those States refused or declined to com-
ply with the President's Tequisition for troops to
defend the Union. The Governor of Kentucky,
and a large number of those at the head of public
affairs, are believed to be still untrustworthy.
This was true in Maryland. Although the Gov-
ernor stood firm in his loyalty, your authorities
were compelled to arrest, I believe, a majority of
the members of her Legislature, to prfevent that
State from formally seceding from the Union,
while I have no doubt nine tenths of her people
are loyal to the heart; but the ruling members of
society were disloyal slaveholders. And this I
believe to be true in every border State, Those
from whom you have most to fear are those who
have been enjoying the patronage of the State
and national Governments for ages. The most
obtuse cannot fail to perceive that slaveholders
originated this rebellion, and are now sustaining
and controlling it. How foolish, then, for this
Government to ignore another class of white peo-
ple in the slave States. It is my solemn convic-
tion that their interests require the termination of
slavery. It is my duty, therefore, as a Senator
of the United States, in legislating for the nation,
to consider their welfare as much as the welfare
of their more wealthy slaveholding neighbors.
If the measures adopted by this Congress and
the one now pending should diminish the power
of the few who have hitherto led society, the pol-
icy will increase the power of the masses; and I
have not so poor an opinion of those who do not
own slave property in the slave States.as to believe
them incompetent to comprehend their own true
interest. When you adopt a policy here for the
welfare of the whole nation, and especially for the
welfare of the laboring classes, they will be no
more slow to perceive their true interest than the
population in your State or mine. In my opin-
ion, therefore, the adoption of these measures will
give the Union increased strength in the border
States.
It has been suggested, however, I believe, by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, during this dis-
cussion, that the enlistment of negroes for com-
panions in the ranks, would discourage the enlist-
ment of white men. The amendments now pend-
ing, do not contemplate such an association. The
coTored men and white men will be organized into
separate companies and regiments.
I do not, then, Mr. President, anticipate any bad
consequences which can legitimately flow from
the passage of this bill or the amendments pro-
posed by my colleague. I think the legitimate
effect will be to weaken slavery. I have no doubt
on this subject. I do not vote for this measure
on thataccount; bat I will not vote against the bill
on that account. I will follow the policy which
has been suggested, not only by my politi9al friends
in Iowa, but by my political opponents. The
Democrats of .my State urge the prosecution of
this war for the supremacy of the laws, n _
of the consequences to slawry. They loot on that
institution as in some way lying at the very found-
ation of the rebellion, and they do not desire me
to treat it with gloved hands, but to adopt what-
ever policy, so far as my humble influence will ex-
tend, may be calculated to crush out the rebellion
and to secure the perpetuity of the Union, and if
slavery should be swept by the board they will
not be among the mourners at its funeral.
I would not, if I know the convictions of my
own heart, do an act that comes in conflict with
the provisions of the Constitution of the United
States. I do not perceive how, by any fair con-
struction, under any known rule of interpretation,
the passage of this bill can conflict with that instru-
ment. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Brown-
ing,] for whose judicial opinions I have a very
profound respect, expressed the'opinion, as I un-
derstood him, that the emancipation of the blaclc
recruit as a reward for faithful service in the
armies of the country, would conflict with the con-
stitutional rights of his master; that black men
might be employed in the military service, but
that provision should be made for their restora-
tion to their masters at the end of the war.
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Senator permit
me to correct him ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. BROWNING. I have not expressed any
such opinion. What I said was, that in freeing
the slave of a rebel master, whom we received into
our service, that clothed us with no power to
manumit his mother, wife and children, if they
were the property of a loyal man. That is what
I said. 1 said nothingabout an inability to confer
freedom upon the slaves of rebels whose services
we accepted.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not, I think, misappre-
hend the Senator, but must have been very un-
fortunate in my statement of my comprehension
of his position. I do not, however, agree wiih
the Senator in the proposition which he has just
stated, that we are bound to inquire whether the
black recruit has a loyal or a disloyal master, if he
is a sound, healthy man, capable of performing
military duty, the Government is under no obli-
gations to inquire whether ho has or has not a
master, or whether the master is loyal or a rebel.
Whenever it becomes necessary for the defense
of the Government, you have a right to coerce
the service of every able-bodied inhabitant, with-
out inference to his color or position in society.
As I have asked on this floor before, what better
is anerro than a white boy? Your son or mine
may be taken as a volu n teer or as a conscript before
he is twenty-one years of age, and while lie owes
his parent the whole of his service. The Gov-
ernment does not inquire whether the father is
loyal or disloyal; the only question propounded
is, is the boy capable of performing- the service
the Government needs? If they find him physic-
ally and mentally competent, they enroll him and
place him in the ranks; as I apprehend we have
a right to do in relation to black men, without
inquiring- whether they are slaves or freemen,
whether their masters are loyal or disloyal; and
if we ascertain that any of them are slaves, and
if in our opinion they would become, on account
of such a provision, more valuable as soldiers or
as laborers, we may offer them their freedom, and
provide also for the freedom of their families. I
will not enter into an examination of the question
whether the loyal owner may not demand and re-
ceive just compensation for the services of such
slaves from the Government. An investigation
of that question is notpertinenttotheissue joined.
We propose to enlist these colored men, and put
them in the trenches to dig ditches and to erect for-
tifications, and when found necessary, and when
the parties are found competent, to arm them in
the defense of the country.
They are, then, if we act wisely, to be taken
wherever they can be foitnd, wherever their ser-
vices arc needed, without any inquiry as to the
loyalty or disloyalty of those who claim to be their
owners. No slave-owner can have a stronger or
higher claim to the services of his negro slave than
1 have to the services of my minor son. You dis-
regard my claim; you enlist him in the service
without consulting me, and without inquiry into
my loyalty or disloyalty. The relation of master
and slave is surely no more sacred* than that of
parent and child. If you may coerce the service
of the child, why not of the slave? But if you
have the constitutional right to do so, has it not
become a solemn duty, so as to relieve our white
troops, now so much prostrated by the hard labor
and fatigue of camp life, in a climate to which they
have not been accustomed ? These troops are
among our very best and most patriotic citizens.
They are intelligent men. They know perfectly
that the decimation of their ranks by hard labor
and toil in the ditches was unnecessary. They
know that they have endured all Litis useless toil
on account of the blind infatuation of their com-
manding generals, in excluding from their lines
healthy men, acclimated, capable of performing all
this drudgery and toil, without serious danger to
themselves. It appears to them and to me as if
these generals had a higher regard for the welfare
of negroes and their rebel masters than for their
own troops and their loyal families at home. This
bill and pending amendments are proposed to se-
cure a change of policy on this subject. I would
be an unfaithful representative of the brave vol-
unteers serving in our armies if I failed to give
it my earnest support. They need the assistance
of these contrabands to preserve their own health
and to save their lives, now imperiled to secure
the supremacy of the laws. And they demand
that we shall preserve the Union, and let slavery
take care of itself, if it can. If it should perish
during the struggle for nationality, in the opinion
of a large majority of them it will be a blessing
to the country, ana tend to promote the welfare
of the human race.
OllieiN OF THE REBELLION.
SPEECH OF HON. F. W. KELLOGG,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
July 19, 1863.
The House being In the Committee of the Whole on ti>c
state of the Union-
Mr. ^tELLOGG, of Michigan, said:
Mr. Chairman: The rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, which commenced in South Carolina in
1860, has at length become so formidable as to
cause the most profound anxiety—and I might
say alarm—throughout the loyal States. Never
before has the world witnessed a civil war in which
such numbers were engaged, and principles of
such importance were involved, and where tlie
very existence of a great and powerful nation de-
pended upon the result of the contest. _ A million
men are in arms to decide whether this Govern-
ment, under which we have grown so rich and
powerful, shall be destroyed, or whether it shall
be preserved, and transmitted to our posterity with
all its historic glories and associations, and with
all its power to benefit and to bless them complete
and unimpaired. In this decision the nations of
the Old World feel a deep interest, and the con-
dition of our country and its probable destiny are
tlie great questions of the day with the statesmen,
the philosophers, and the leading minds of Europe.
Those who love liberal institutions and believe in
human progress, sympathize with us and look
uponourcauseas their own; but the ruling classes,
in Prance and England especially, are alarmed at
the rapid growth of the Republic, and ardently
desire a dissolution of the Union us the only way
in which its power can be forever destroyed, and
a stop put to the progress of liberal ideas and to
a desire for democratic institutions. They have
given aid and comfort to our enemies in many
ways, and continue to do so, and there is mani-
festly a strong desire to interfere in the settlement
of our difficulties, to compel us to submit to their
dictation, and to humble u  in the eyes of the
whole world. The English press and Parliament
improve every opportunity for denouncing us and
encouraging the rebels, while Napoleon inspires
them with new hopes and stimulates them to tresh
exertions, by his evident determination to obtain
a foothold on this continent,contrary to the wishes
and traditions of our Government, which, but for
this rebellion, would never permit him to march
his armies to Mexico.
Other causes combine with this hatred of oar
