1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pending case of the Senator from Oregon, I un-
derstand it to Le a privileged question, and with
a view to call that up 1 will move to lay this res-
olution on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator from New
York propose to go on with the consideration of
that subject to-day?
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senate will allow it, I
think it ought to be considered. I think it is due
to the Senator from Oregon that that question
should be considered.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 31, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
JVIcDougali, Morrill, Ne&mith, Pearce. Pomeioy, Powell,
Ktce, fcSaulsbury, Sumner,TenEyck,Thomson,Trumbull,
Willey, and Wilson of [Massachusetts—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ilale, Harlan, Sherman, Wilkinson, and
Wilson of Mxssoun—5.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON., of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from New York asks the Senate to take up a
special case, which lie has the right to call up, be-
ing a privileged question; but I desire to get a vote
on the bill I have mentioned to-day, and I suggest
to the Senator from New York, if he is willing,
to take up his case and assign it for Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts whether ho would not be sat-
isfied to offer all the amendments he desires to-day,
and then defer final action on his bill until some
other time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to get the bill through as soon as I can. If
there is any provision in the bill which will create
along contest, I would rather withdraw it, and
put it on something else, for there are some sixteen
sections in it that will save a great deal of money,
and I think ou*ht to be on the statute-book.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only one likely to
create debate is the one which the Senator from
Ohio—I read his speech very carefully; I did not
hearit—demonstrated so conclusively to be wrong.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator from New York let the case he alludes to
go over until Monday?
Mr. HARRIS. With the understanding that
it shall be taken up then.
Mr.PEARCE. I would suggest to the Senator
from New York that I should desire to be present
when that case is acted on, and I shall be absent
on Monday.
Mr. HALE. IsthecaseofMr. Stark taken up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
New York to proceed to the consideration of that
case.
Mr. HARRIS. At the instance of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I will waive it now, with the
understanding that it shall be taken up on Tues-
day. There are some Senators who desire to be
absent on Monday.
Mr. HALE. I want to notify the Senator,
because I wish to act by no indirection here, that
when it is taken up I shall move to recommit the
report to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to report on the facts whether that
gentleman is entitled to take a seat. I shall make
that motion just exactly as soon as I can get the
floor.
Mr. HARRIS. Undoubtedly that is the priv-
ilege of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I merely desired to make that
suggestion now. I did not do it in any boasting
or egotistical spirit, but as humbly as so humble
an individual as I am could deliver himself, and
I meant simply that I shall endeavor to give the
discussion that turn, instead of discussing the
merits of the case when it comes up.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. With that
understanding I move to take up Senate bill No.
175.
The mgjjon was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 175) to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
and for other purposes, the pending question being
on the motion of Mr. Howe to recommit the bill,
with the amendments, to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope that
motion at any rate will be voted down. 1 desire
to move several amendments to the bill. Is it in
order to move them now before that question is
taken ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin is not here; and I hope the
question will be put on the recommitment of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of re-
commitment is before the Senate; and on that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HOWE, (who had just come into the
Chamber) said: 1 desire to know what the ques-
tion is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the Senator's
motion to recommit the bill in regard to the pay
of officers of the Army.
Mr. HOWE. I wished when that bill came up
again to withdraw the motion, if I had the power
to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is too late now.
4 Mr. HOWE. Then I vote nay.
The result was then announced—yea 3, nays
34; as follows:
YEA—Mr. Henderson—1.
NAY'S—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Fessunden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hailan, Harris,
Ilowaid, Howe, Johnson, Kennedy, King. Lane of Indiana,
Latham, MeDougall, Morrill, Poarce, Pomcrov, Powell,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Trum-
bull, Wilkinson, Witley, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wilson of .Missouri—34.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to insert the following as a new section:
Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the number of paymas-
ter of the volunteer foicesof the United States shall be
i educed so as not to exceed one hundred and twenty-five.
We have now one hundred and forty-nine pay-
masters for the volunteers,-and this amendment
proposes to limit the number to ona hundred and
twenty-five. We have a large number that have
not been confii nied, and probably have some that
have been confirmed who may be removed. The
object is to reduce the number twenty-four. It is
on the recommendation of the Pay master General,
who thinks the number of one hundred and twenty-
five to be amply sufficient.
Mr. ANTHONY. How many are there in
commission that have been confirmed?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not rec-
ollect precisely, but I believe nearly one hundred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer an-
other amendment, to insert as a new section:
Jind be it ftalker enactcd, That quditer* and fuel shall be
furnished to oflicers only when on duty in the field, oi when
assigned quaitcrs in public building belonging to the Gov-
ernment. The number of offices now allowed to certain
officers of the Army lor the tiansaction of business shall bo
furnished, and no more.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer an-
other amendment, to insert the following as a new
scction:
And be it further cnactcd, That the bounty now allowed
by law to soldiers in the service of the United States shall,
in the event that a soldier entitled thereto shall die intestate,
without having duiwit the same, be paid to the following
persons, and ui the order following, and to no other persons,
to wit: fust, to the widow of such deceased soldier, if there
be one; second, if there be no widow, then to the ehildien
of such deceased soldier share and'.-hare alike; third, if such
soldier left neither widow nor ehildien, (or ehildien born in
lawlui wedlock) then and in that ease such bounty shall he
paid to the following persons, provided they be residents of
the United States, to wit: fir^t, to Ins fathei, oi, if he be
dead, or has abandoned his famdy, then to the mother of
such soldier; and if there be neither father nor mother as
aforesaid, then such bounty shall be paid to such brothers
and sisters resident as aforesaid, who may have been de-
pendent upon such intestate for support.
Mr. TENEYCK. I wish simply to inquire
whether the committee have considered the effect
of the word " resident" in that amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is not
an amendment of the committee; but an amend-
ment offered by myself. That has been consid-
ered.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It struck me it might pre-
vent the children of a soldier receiving the bounty
which it is designed to give them, if they do not
happen to be residents in this country at the time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We want
to do that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think the children Vhd
were citizens of the United States should be Enti-
tled to receive that bounty* " ;
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts.' They Arc
entitled to it, if residents of the country. If fche^
are out of the country they do not it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ojfferthe
following amendment, to be inserted as ail'addi-
tional section: ' :
<A nd be to further enacted, That all contracts made for, oi'
orders given for, the purchase of goods or supplies bv aiiv
Department of the Government shall be promptly reported
to Congress by the proper head of such Department, if Con-
gress shall at the time be in session, and if not in session,
said reports shall be made at the commencement of the next
session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer an-
other amendment, to insert the following as an
additional section:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That no contract or order made
as aforesaid, or any interest therein, shall be transferred by
the party or parties to whom such contract or order may be
given to any other party or parties, and that any such trans-
fer shall cause the annulment of the contract or order trans-
ferred, so far as the United States are concerned: Provided,
That all rights of action aft* herebv reserved to the United
States for any breach of such contract by the contracting
party or parties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer an-
other amendment, to insert as an additional sec
tion of the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, Thai the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and hereby h, authorized and requested to
dismiss and discharge from the military service, either in
the Army, Navy, or volunteer force in the United States
service, any officer for any cause which, in his judgment,
renders such officer unsuitable for service, and whose dis-
mission, in ins judgment, would promote the public service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire
now, if it is in order, to move an amendment to
the third section of the substitute. As that sec-
tion mow stands it entitles major generals to draw
forage in kind for four horses, and brigadier gen-
erals for three horses. I desire to change that by
allowing major generals to draw forage for six
horses instead of four, and brigadier generals for
four horses instead of three, and I move that
amendment.
Mr..GRIMES. Let us hear the reason for that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think the section at all necessary. It was intended
to reduce the expenditures; but as we changed the
commutation', and they have to draw the forage in
kind, officers will not be very likely to purchase
horses for the purpose, simply, of having the Gov-
ernment feed those horses. Under the present reg-
ulation, a major general is entitled to forage for
seven horsesandabrigadiergeneral for five horses.
I am told that this reduction of a major general to
four and a brigadier general to three is too large,
and that a major general ought to be allowed six
and a brigadier general four, which will be a re-
duction of one on each. These officers have ser-
vants and persons connected with them in such a
way that it is necessary, in some cases, to have
that number. I understand that in some cases
brigadier generals have more than five horses
which they purchase themselves, and therefore I
should like to have that change made. I think
it very small, indeed. The Senator from Iowa
wanted the reason for this change. I am told by
Army officers that it is important to make it, and
I desire to have a vote on it.
Mr. GRIMES. I asked the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts why he propose to make this change,
and he has assignee! none except that some Army
officers told him that it was desirable that the
change should be made. I have no doubt there
are plenty of Army officers who would say it is
desirable that they should have twelve horses in-
stead of five. The Senator has not told us what
a major general does with more than four horses.
I cannot conceive what he has to do with them.
We give our officers more rations, we give them
more aids, we give them more pay than the offi-
cers of any army in the world receive.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; i assert that to be a
fact, and I can prove it. Why, sir, we have not
only given to our division generals three aids, a
thing that is unprecedented in any organized army
in any civilized country, but we have given to our
