1862.]
37m Con«....2d Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
. Origin of the Mebdlicm—Mr. Kellogg.
Constitution as it is, and compelling obedience
if necessary, to its provisions. They assure us,
also, that they wish " to restore the Union as it
was; and no one need except to such a declare-
tion. if they are in earnest, let them give a hearty
support to the Administration, and their wishes
^ j ®oon be gratified. They inform us, further,
tnat they do not propose to consider the causes
now which led to this unhappy civil war;" which
I regret exceedingly. I am sorry they did not con-
clude to come to the confessional for the good of
their souls, and, while acknowledging their guilt
maHer' promise to go and sin no more.
Mr. Chairman, the people know what caused
this war, and none of these diatribes about aboli-
tion and negro equality and other trash of a like
character will deceive them for a moment. When
the Democratic party proved false to its great car-
dinal principles, and agreed to wield the whole
power of this Government to extend and perpet-
uate the worst possible form of despotism—hu-
man slavery—civil war became inevitable. It is
the legitimate offspring of this unnatural union of
slavery with the Democratic party, and while such
a union lasts, permanent peace m the country is
impossible. Again, we read in this address that
" compromise made the Union, and compromise
would have saved it fifteen months ago." '
Sir, I wish I could infer from this paragraph
that these fourteen gentlemen believe it must be
saved by some other means than by a compromise
no w, for I am sick and weary of this mode of deal-
ing with difficulties. 'The compromises we have
made with slavery have alike increased its powers
and its demands till it can only be satisfied with the
entire control of the Government.
The great and good men to whom we are in-
debted for a name among the nations of the earth
believed that slavery would gradually die out un-
der the beneficent influence of the principles which
they had planted in the Constitution. But they
were mistaken; and better, far better, would it
have been for them and their posterity had they
grappled with this great question, and settled it
then and forever. Had the Constitution provided
for the extinction of slavery at some period in the
future, they might not have secured its adoption
at once, but they would have succeeded, for to such
men nothing was impossible. What heart-burn-
ings and strife—what loss of blood and treasure—
what mournings, lamentations, and woe should
we have been saved from, and how our beloved
country, under the influence of such a provision,
would have bounded forward in a career of pros-
perity and power. But they left the work undone,
and bequeathed the Herculean task to their pos-
terity, and after compromising with this curse of
our country for half a century, we find ourselves
involved in a civil war.' The slave States have
been the aggressors, and are resolved to rule the
Republic or destroy it, and the only alternative
now is to enforce obedience to the laws and the re-
quirements of the Constitution, or submit to a dis-
solution of the Union.
Another paragraph in this address claims our
attention. The fourteen gentlemen who signed it
inform us that the Democratic party has controlled
the power and policy of the Government, with
short intervals, for sixty years, and then, with a
marvelous complacency and confidence in their
ability to mislead the people, they inquire if the
fruits of their policy do not recommend it to the
nation, and prove that their party organization
ought not to be abandoned. Mr. Chairman, the
democratic element preponderates in our institu-
tions, and a Democratic party, by that name or
some other, will always control the power and
policy of the Government. A majority of the
people for many years were members of the old
Democratic party; but when its leaders consented
to make the support of slavery the chief plank in
their platform, the dissensions and divisions which
were the result of this determination reduced their
numbers rapidly, and led to their defeatat the na-
tional elections in 18G0. During the administra-
tion of James Buchanan this attempt to enthrone
slavery in the nation culminated in a conspiracy
to compel the adoption of such amendments to
the Constitution as the South demanded, and to
obtain the control of the national Government, or
failing in this, to dissolve and destroy the Union.
X do not believe that any considerable number
Ho. oi Reps.
of persons South or North desired to destroy the
Union, but expected the North would submit to
whatever the South demanded, if a civil war was
the only alternative. In this great effort to com-
pel the adoption of amendments to the Constitu-
tion which were shocking to the moral sense of
the people, James Buchanan, the leader of the
Democrats party, and the President of the United
States, acted a part which will make his name
forever infamous. He is the greatest criminal of
•modern times, and no pirate ever died upon a gal-
lows so deserving of such a doom as this bold,
bad man, who let loose the demons of discord and
civil war to ravage a country which had honored
him with its confidence and given him the proud-
est position in the world. His friends attempt to
excuse his conduct, and say that he was old and
feeble and irresolute, and unable to resist the trai-
tors around him who were using the Government
for its own destruction.
But there is no truth in this whatever. The life
of James Buchanan has been consistent through-
out, and his subserviency to the South for half a
century had prepared him for the commission of
any crime whatever for the advancement of the
interests of slavery. At the time of his nomination
his zeal and ability to serve his party were unques-
tioned, and with the politicians of the South he
was an especial favorite. They knew the author
of the Ostend manifesto, and his elevation to the
Presidency was necessary to the success of their
unholy purposes. The history of his Adminis-
tration proves that they were not mistaken in their
man, and justified the confidence which they re-
posed in liirn. When Congress assembled m De-
cember, 1860, and the southern wing of the De-
mocracy declared their determination to dissolve
the Union, what treatment did these traitors re-
ceive at the hands of James Buchanan? He was
the President of the United States, a first-class
Power, with a population of thirty millions, and
territory enough for half a dozen empires. The
tonnage of her mercantile marine equaled that of
Great Britain; the ships of her merchant princes
were in every sea, and in -<11 the elements of wealth
and power she had no equal among the nations of
the earth. Did he use the powers with which the
people had clothcd him to crush this rebellion in
the bud, and save the nation from a civil war ? No,
sir; no! The course which he pursued filled the
world with amazement, and proved his complicity
with the traitors in their treason.
South Carolina, famous for tories and traitors
in the Revolution, and with a smaller population,
including her slaves, than the city of New York,
had determined to secede from the Union and set
up for herself as an independent power, if no other
States should join her fortunes. As the work of
preparation went on the people almost doubted
whether it was real, and Europe watched theprog-
ress of events with astonishment, and the most
intense anxiety. At length the message of the
President was published, and its effect at home
and abroad was very great. The London Times
said:
" Never for many years can the United States be to the
world what ihey have been, Mr. Buchanan's message has
been a greater blow to the American people than all the
rants of the Georgian Governor or the ordinances of the
Charleston convention."
The President, after denying the right of a State
to secede, declared that he could not " coerce" a
State to remain in the Union, and Congress was
as powerless as the Executive. Said he:
" Congress lias many means of preserving the Union by
conciliation, but the sword was not placed in their hands
to preserve it by lorce."
The purport of the whole was that South Car-
olina, if she chose, could set the nation at defiance
and the business of thirty millions of people could
go on, or stop, according to her pleasure, and we
were helpless in the matter. This nation, that
would not hesitate to declare war against any Power
in Europe, if she had sufficient cause, must ask
permission of this petty State to be, and beg her
to remain in the Union, "conciliating" her by all
means, if we had to allow her to remodel our form
of government,and amend the Constitution to suit
her wishes, and accept it as our own. Nor would
even such a settlement be final, for fresh demands
might be made in a few years, and again "con-
ciliation" would be necessary. Sir, the humblest
slave on a southern plantation was not more com-
pletely in the power of his master than was this
nation in that of South Carolina, according to the "
message of this Democratic President. Our busi-
ness as a people and our credit and character as
a nation were entirely at her mercy. Do what
she would we could not coerce her. Our only
remedy was "conciliation!"
Mr. Chairman, this disgrace of our nation in
the eyes of all Europe and this humiliation at
home were the " fruits"of the policy of this so-
called Democratic organization which these four-
teen gentlemen ask us to revive again. Will the
people be likely to gratify them?
But we have more-samples of these " fruits" to
which the fourteen gentlemen aforesaid ask our
attention. ^Vhen JamesBuchanan was inaugurated
our country was in a state of great prosperity-
commerce and manufactures were flourishing, the
prices of our staple articles of produce were high,
and money was abundant. He first disturbed the
peace of the country by his attempt to force slavery
into Kansas. In this he was foiled, but he had
roused the passionsofthe people—spilled the blood
of her citizens in the needless contest which ha
forced upon them, and prepared the way for a civil
war. Tliecourse hepursuedaggravatea the ill-will
and discontent which prevailed between different
sections of the country, and finally ended in open
rebellion in the southern States. With the more
than imperial power which he possessed he might
have suppressed the rebellion in a month, and
saved us from all #he horrors of a civil war. But
this was not a part of the policy of the parly then.
For two years the chief members of his Cabinet
had been making preparations, under his direct
supervision, to strengthen the South and weaken
the North for the conflict which they had resolved
on. Up to the last day of his administration he
gave all the aid in his power to those whom he
knew were preparing to take up arms against the
Government, and his aid and assistance helped to
make this rebellion more formidable than was ever
known in any other country in ancient or modern
times.
But the President was not alone in this matter.
In his raid upon Kansas some of his party friends
forsook him, but in the doctrines of his infamous
message and his do-nothing policy his party sus-
tained him almost to a man; and what was the
result of it? The civil war in which we are en-
gaged, and from the effects of which we cannot
recover in a century. In vain shall we attempt to
describe the wide-spread ruin it will cause through-
out the country. The human mind cannot con-
ceive the extontand magnitude of the evils which
must flow from it for many years to come. Five
years ago we were prosperous, powerful, and
nappy, but what is our condition now ? Tens of
thousands of our businessmen are bankrupt; the
hum of peaceful industry is stilled; the land is
bristling with bayonets and trembling with the
tread of armed legions, and a whole people are en-
gaged in preparation for war.
Sir, this war, ere it is ended, will fill the land
with widows and orphans, cost us half a million
of lives, and fasten a debt of fifteen hundred mil-
lions upon us, which must be paid by the indus-
try and labor of the nation. What more of horror
and misery the future may have in store for us
I do not know; but for all the calamities which
have already befallen us, and all the evils to come
which are the progeny of this unnatural rebellion,
the administration of James Buchanan and the
party who sustained it are responsible to God and
man.
Sir, these are the " fruits" of the policy of a
pro-slavery party which these fourteen gentlemen
would again place in power for the well-being of
the people! They would revive the same organ-
ization and adopt the same policy which has al-
ready wroughtsuch ruin in the land, and brought
upon us so much sorrow and shame. They may
plead the purity of their motives, and declare their
devotion to their country, and patriotic desire to
promote our best interests by so doing, butit will
not avail them now. Their party is one whose
whole political faith is comprised in a persistent
love of slavery and hatred of abolition, and that
love and hatred they would carry into practice in
the administration of our national affairs. With
such a party and such a policy peace hereafter
