1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I believe thatamotion
to perfect supersedes or has priority over a motion
to strike out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
not referred to the section proposed to be amended
by the Senator from New Hampshire; but if the
Chair appreciates the proposition, it is to perfect
the section in the bill. It is, however, a propo-
sition to strike out a portion of the section; and if
the Senator from Kansas proposes to modify the
words proposed to be stricken out before the
question upon striking out is taken, it will be in
order.
Mr. CLARK. I think that is right.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then I move to strike
out" fifty" and insert" thirty;" and with the per-
mission of the Senator from New Hampshire I
will state the reason.
The object of this clause of the bill is to aid in
the construction of a road connecting Fort Leav-
enworth, the largest military depot in the West,
with Fort Riley. By this bill, as it came from the
House, it was proposed to make that connection
atTopeka, west of Lawrence, and fifty miles from
Fort Leavenworth, to come in on the main line
at Topeka. My amendment, if adopted, will com-
pel that branch to come into the main line at Law-
rence, a distance of thirty miles southwest from
Leavenworth. I will state to the Senate that there
is on this branch 
Mr. CLARK. I will suggest to the Senator
from Kansas thatthere is no objection in the world
that I know of to adopting his amendment to the
amendment, because it will only relieve the diffi-
culty which I propose to get rid of entirely. Still,
I shall press my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to strike out " fifty" and insert " thirty."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire, as perfected.
Mr. CLARK. It has been well and truly said
that this is a great national enterprise, and the
United States engages in it and undertakes to aid
it because it is probably convinced that it cannot
be carried forward in any other way. Now, I de-
sire to call the attention of Senators, if*they will
give me their attention a little while, to this feature
of the bill; because this is an attempt strictly and
purely to ingraft a private enterprise upon the bill,
and one which is not at all connected by any ne-
cessity with this great enterprise. The proposi-
tion is to authorize the Leavenworth and Pawnee
Railroad Company to build a railroad from Leav-
enworth to the main trunk. I have prepared a
little diagram, which I will hold up and exhibit to
Senators, as that will give to the eye a more cor-
rect appreciation of this matter than I can convcy
by words. [The honorable Senator exhibited an'd
explained a diagram showing the proposed con-
nection of the roads.] Now, there is no road in
the world coming m from this point; but it is a
simple proposition to build, by the aid of the Gov-
ernment, from Leavenworth down to this road, a
distance of thirty miles. You might as well, so
to speak, give a man money to build a line to his
cow pasture, so far as there is any connection with
this road. It is a grand scheme to get thirty miles
of road built in that vicinity for Kansas. It may
fee very meritorious. I have not any objection to
the State of Kansas having this road; but whatl
do object to is this attempt to take the Govern-
ment money to build it in that way, and so em-
barrass this great enterprise. We propose to give
them $16,000 a mile to build that local road. More
than that: we have allowed this same Leaven-
worth and Pawnee railroad to have the Delaware
lands at $1 25 an acre, by a treaty, for the pur-
pose of budding the road, and they have under-
taken to build it; and now they want the Govern-
ment to come in and give them §16,000 a mile to
do it, and they keep the Delaware lands, to have
the road and the lands together. I move to strike
out the whole of it as entirely unconnected with
this question, and on that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the attention of
Senators for a moment. If this proposition is
defeated, I shall not vote against the Pacific rail-
road; but I desire that Senators shall understand
the position of this branch. It is proposed to loan
$360,000 to the Leavenworth and Pawnee com-
pany for thirty years; that is the naked proposi-
tion. There is not an acre of land except that
which they have bought of the Delaware tribe
of Indians between Leavenworth and Lawrence.
The Senator from New Hampshire is mistaken in
the statement he makes.
Mr. CLARK. I shall be happy to be cor-
rected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will try to correct
the Senator. There is an eastern connection with
the city of Leavenworth. The St. Joseph and
Hannibal road is now constructed to Weston,
within seven miles of Leavenworth, and is in
course of construction that seven miles. I stated
when up before that this branch is necessary to
connect Fort Leavenworth with Fort Riley; and
we who are conversant with the business done by
the Government in the West, know that the busi-
ness done between those places will pay the in-
terest on the bonds that are asked to be advanced
to the road to the amount of $360,000. It will not
do to say that Leavenworth has not an eastern
connection. The mouth of the Kansas river or
Kansas City is one hundred and fifty miles fiom
an eastern connection. The Sioux City and Ne-
mahais two hundred and fifty miles from an eastern
connection. Leavenworth is within seven miles
of an eastern connection.
It may be asking a great deal for Kansas when
we ask the Government to loan us $360,000 to en-
able us to build this road at once; but it is but a loan,
with the certainty that the five per cent, reserva-
tion and the business of the Government will pay
the interest upon the bonds, as well as the prin-
cipal, by the time they fall due. I am not going to
make an appeal for Kansas. We have the Dela-
ware lands at §1 25 per acre, and they are a bar-
gain, a very great bargain. We have the Potta-
watomie lands for that company; and although we
paid a high price for them, those lands are a great
bargain; but if you can loan us these #360,000 for
the purpose of uniting your own forts, we should
like very much to have it. So far as I am con-
cerned, i feel that every single branch you make
to this main stem is like an additional rivulet that
helps to make up the main stream of a river; every
single branch that has an eastern connection will
tend to insure the construction of the main stem;
and every branch that is stricken from the bill en-
dangers the passage of the bill and weakens the
probability of constructing the main stem.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, the circle in
which that argument proceeds is a very small
one; the diameter is a very short one. In the first
place, you must make the branches, the rivulets,
to supply the stem; and then you must make the
stem to fake the supply of the branches, one to
accommodate the other, creating both; that is all
there is to it. I supposed the Government was
undertaking to build a national thoroughfare, to
afford a means of communication from one part of
the continent to the other, and not to build branch
railroads to supply that with travel. I think it will
find enough to do if it undertakes to build the mam
stem without the branches; and I propose by this
amendment to strike out this branch, certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. I see in this amendment what
was shadowed in the remarks of the Senator yes-
terday, that after proceeding with one amendment,
he proposed to proceed with another and another,
and so on until the bill is entirely shorn of its
branches. I only wish to say that I think the
Senate, or the Senator from New Hampshire at
any rate, is laboring under a mistake in regaid to '
the importance of these branches. We have pro- I
vided in this bill that all the roads constructed ]
under its provisions shall do all the transportation
at mere cost. You oblige these branches under
this bill to wear out their roads carrying the iron,
and the cars,and the rolling stock, and the mate-
rials for this main central branch. I will remind
the Senator that it takes one hundred tons, atsixty
pounds to the yard, to build one mile of railroad;
and you have provided m this bill that it shall be
transported over the branches that have any east-
ern conncction at cost. I should like to ask any
Senator to enter into a computation, and see what
you oblige the road to do; because this iron has
to come from Pentisyl vama. To get it to our State,
we have to pay $2 50 a ton, and we have to trans-
port one hundred tons for every mile, and do it at
cost. You have now ordained that you will re-
tain twenty-five per cent, from the loan that you
give us, and then we are to do the whole trans-
portation at cost; and wear out our entire stock
and road; because we have to transport not only
the hundred tons of rails to the mile, but all the
chairs and spikes and locomotives and freight cars
and passenger cars, the whole stock of the road,
in fact. Our markets for these things are in New
England and New York. There is a kind of cour-
tesy extended to the western roads by which they
take itover the other roads for nothing. The New
York Central road took our cars and locomotives
and everything for nothing. The branches will
be obliged to extend the same courtesy to the main
trunk. Thus you see what you impose upon these
branches; becausewe have no manufactories nor
iron in the mountains. The meff lo work on the
road, too, have to be taken over for nothing, be-
cause there is a custom among all railroads to pass
all the employes of the roads connected with them 
The men have all to be taken over for nothing,
and the iron and the whole equipment have to be
taken over at the bare cost of transportation. I
simply ask Senators whether they will put it out
of the power of the company to build the main
branch by crippling these branches that are to do
the transportation for the main trunk.
Mr. CLARK. Do I understand the Senator
from Kansas to say that it is a hardship to trans-
port the iron ?
Mr. POMEROY. I do, when they do it at cost.
Mr. CLARK. Then if we strike out the branch
there will be just so much less to transport.
Mr. POMEROY. The iron and the transporta-
tion for the branch under consideration will not
have to go over any road that is built by the pro-
visions of this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that; but it pro-
poses to take the Government funds to build a
local road entirely, which is not connected with
the main enterprise. I am willing to say to the
Senator, frankly, that I propose not only to stiike
out this branch, but to strike out some of the
other branches.
Mr. LANE,of Kansas. Will the Senator state,
so that we may have a full understanding of this
question, what branches he expects to move to
strike out?
Mr. CLARK. I shall move next to strike out
the Sioux branch, to bring the test to the minds of
the Senate. It is not for me to decide and to say
how many of these branches the Senate thinks
proper to build. I want the Senate to say whether
they will build all these branches, and 1 want them
to begin with this which is of the least importance
—of no importance to the great enterprise—and
take their vote upon that, and see whether they
are disposed to build these branches. If I find
the Senate are inclined to build them, I certainly
shall not persist against the express wish of the
Senate in moving these amendments. I want to
get an enterprise that will be feasible, so that we
can go through with it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Before this vot&is taken, I
wish merely to say that I think differently from
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lane] as to the
effect of the vote of the Senate upon the amend-
ment. I think, so far from the construction of a
large number of these roads having a tendency to
aid in the grand movement, it will have the con-
trary tendency. The great object of the Pacific
railroad bill is to have a national means of com-
munication across the continent. That is the idea
which the public have enteitained for years past,
and the only idea—a great national measure to
cement the Union, to bind with a belt of iron the
Atlantic and the Pacific, and, as has been said, to
transfer thccommerce of the world upon these iron
rails. This is the inducement which the old States
have in doing what they believe will be for the
benefit of the common country,to the prejudice of
the Treasury, so to speak; yet the general returns
may be beneficial in the long run. Now what
inducement is there for a Senator from an Atlantic
State to vote an appropriation of large sums of
money, even in the shape of a loan, to construct
a variety of roads for the advantage of the west-
ern States? Senators from the West must be
aware that although our people, so to speak, stand
somewhat pledged to aid and assist in carrying out
tins great measure, they are not pledged to the con-
struction of railroads hundreds of miles in length
for the benefit and local convenience of the west-
ern States. Although I am willingto vote in favor
