1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
fi*«e the slaves of rebels.
• Mr. COWAN. The other day I moved to re-
ferthis bill and the bill introduced by myself and
ill, kindred bills to a select committee. The mo-
tion was not then in order. I now desire to make
it in order.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania is, that "all the
bills, substitutes, and amendments relating to the
punishment of rebels and the forfeiture or confis-
cation of their property, be referred to a select
committee of live, to examine and report upon the
same."
Mr. COWAN. The consideration of that res-
olution, I believe, is objected to to-day. ["Yes."]
It will lie over, therefore. Indeed, I do not desire
its immediate consideration. 1 now move that
the Senate adjourn. .
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.     
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
- Monday, Jipril 28, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON CONFISCATION.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the select committee on the confiscation of the
property of rebels: Abraham B. Olin, of New
York; Thomas D. Eliot, of Massachusetts; John
W. Noell, of Missouri; John Hutchins, of
Ohio; Robert Mallory, of Kentucky; Fer-
nando C. Beaman, of Michigan; and GeorgeT.
Cobb, of New Jersey.
Mr. OLlN. Mr. Speaker I ask the indulgence
of the House for a moment, When I offered the
resolution for the appointment of this select com-
mittee I stated to the House that I did not desire
to act on that committee, for the reason that the
duties imposed upon me already were greater than
any ability which I could bring to their proper dis-
charge. 1 repeated that determination to decline
serving on such committee when the subject of its
appointment wns under consideration in a meet-
ing of our friends. It is due to myself, therefoie,
and to my friends who cooperated in the vote to
appoint this committee, that I should decline the
service which has been assigned to me by the
Chair. 1 could not consent, with a proper sense
of my own duty in this regaid, to act on this com-
mittee. I move, therefore, that I be excused from
serving on the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE IN TIIK MEANS OP DEFENSE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the House as to whether
any changes are necessary m the materials used m
the construction of foits,&c.,stating thatthe sub-
ject had been referred to the chief of the Engineer
Bureau, whose report would be transmitted to
Congress as soon as it was made; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order
to be the consideration of the following resolu-
tions, reported from the select committee on Gov-
ernment contracts:
Resolved, Tlmt the Secretai y of the Tieasury ho requested
to decline making any luitliei payment to tlie prunes inter-
ested in the steamboat Catahne, on .account of the charter
of the said vessel by the United States on the 2oth day of
■April, l&jl.
Resohcd, That the Secretary of the Ticasury he requested
to adjust the claim against the Government for the five thou-
sand UailcarbniCs, purchased through Simon Stevens, E-q.,
by General John C. Fremont, on the bill day of August, L«6i,
and afterward- delivered at the United State* arsenal at
the city of St. Louis, on the basis of a sale of said aims to
the Government tor $1-2 50 each, rejecting all othei demands
againbt the Government on account of the purchaf-e of s.ud
arms.
Resolved, That the practice of employing irresponsible
parties having 110 official connection with the Government,
in the performance of public dutiu« which maybe properly
performed by regular officers of the Government, and of pur-
chasing by private eonti act supplies for the different Depat t-
ments. where open and fair competition might be properly
invited by rea-onahle advertisement for proposals, is mju-
r.ous to the public *>ei vice, and meets the unqualified di ap~
probation ot this flouse.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who has the floor
on this subject, is not present, and I move that
the further t onsideration of the resolution be post-
poned until after the morning hour.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I would
like to call up for consideration the report of the
Committee of Elections in the Iowa contested-
election case.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope that the gentle-
man will not call that case up to-day.
Mr. BRO WNE, of Rhode Island. I will abide
the pleasure of the House on this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 ask that the vote be
taken on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr, CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, the commit-
tee on the Pacific railroad question have had a fur-
ther meeting during the last week and adopted
some of the suggestions which were made here in
general debate; and they have instructed me to
report an amendment. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] be with-
drawn or vote'd down, the committee will recom-
mend the adoption of the amendment*! now pre-
sent, in lieu of the committee's substitute. This
question is the special order in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and I give
notice that I will call it up to-morrow after the
morning hour. I now move that the amendment
I submit be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the parties inter-
ested in the California election case are desirous
of having it taken up and disposed of, and if there
be no objection I will call it up during the course
oftheday. I would like to have gentlemen of the
House to send to the document-room and obtain
the reports of the committee, so that they may
know the facts of this case, which involves a very
important principle touching the organization of
the House. gmL0H_
Mr. McPHERSON submitted the followingres-
olution; which was read , conside ed,andugieed to:
Resolved, That The Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to this, floiw eopi«' > of the leports of command-
ers-. of legimetits, bngad<'S and divisions engaged in the
battle of Sliiloh, Tentieshee.
HAYTI AND LI BERT A.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented joint resolutions
of the State of Maine, relative to the recognition
of the republics of Ilaytiand Liberia; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOOCIi. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 184, to
authorize the President of the United States to
appoint diplomatic representatives to the repub-
lics of Hayti and Liberia, for reference.
The bill was taken up, read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
PANAMA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
president and directors of the Panama Railroad
Company; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Wlvole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to bo printed.
DIPLOMATIC SYSTEM.
Mr. WHITE,of Indiana, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported back House bill JNo.
320, to amend an act passed August 18,1861, en-
titled 44 An act to regulate the diplomatic and con-
sular system of the United States,"with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass; wfiich was laid
upon the table,and the accompanying report or-
dered to be printed.
HERMAN J. EHLE, ETC.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported bills of the following titles, which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on the
I Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill granting a pension to Heiman J. Ehle;
and
A bill for the relief of Amanda Botls, Laura P.
W.Young, and Betsey Murdock, heirs ofBarbara
Walker.
ZINA WILLIAMS.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Zma Williams; which was read a first and sec-
ond time; referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN McGINNISj ETC.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the cases of John McGin-
nisand of Caroline E.Clark, minor child of Ran-
som Clark; which were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed. *
MARY CUNNINGHAM.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report in the case
of Mary Cunningham, widow of John Cunning-
ham, deceased; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, submitted a report in reference to the
enlargement of the Illinois and Michigan canal;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
r HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Commodore Hiram Paulding; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed
SPEEDY TRANSPORTATION OF THE MAILS.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to se-
cure the speedy transportation of the mails; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the said committee.
ARIZONA.
The SPEAKER then announced, as the busi-
ness next in order, House bill No. 357, to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Arizona.
Mr. OLlN. My colleague [Mr. Wheeler] is
not present, and 1 hope the further consideration
of this bill will be postponed.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that it be postponed
until Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that Thursday and Fri-
day of next week be set apart for the considera-
tion of territorial business; which motion was
agreed to.
& DISLOYAL JUDGE.
Mr. POTTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dhected to in-
form the House whether Judge Edwaid P. Pitts, of North-
ampton county, Virginia, who, on the 10th day of March
la^t, was indorsed by a meetinsr of secessionists in that
State" as loyal to the South," and who, after that date, sent
a memorial to the rebel legislature at Iticlmiond reiterating
his loyalty to the cause of Virginia, and the so-called con-
federate States, nosv holds hi* courts with the knowledge
and by the consent of the major general commanding the
depaitment which embraces Accomac and Northampton
counties, Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the States for resolutions or bills
introduced on leave.
The list of States was called.
MAXWELL WOOD.
Mr. BABBITT introduced a bill for the relief of
Maxwell Wood, a surgeon in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
SUSAN DICKSON.
Mr. BABBITT introduced a bill for the relief of
Susan Dickson,widowof John Dickson, deceased;
which was read a firstand second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS.
Mr. COLFAX. I offer the following resolution,
and call the previous question upon its adoption:
Resohcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
