326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
37th Con~<j....2d Sess.
Origin of the Rebellion—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. os Reps.
would be impossible. They may baptize it the
Democratic party, but it has no more right to that
name, ever dear to the hearts of thousands, ami
round which cluster such glorious memories and
hallowed recollections, than have the despotic
Governments of France and Austria. A platform
and party more anti-democratic cannot well be
imagined, and the people, the intelligent, liberty-
loving people of the Union, will not lend them-
selves to its support. They have had enough of
the " fruits" of the policy of such a party to last
them for a lifetime, and the fourteen gentlemen
will appeal to them in vain.
Mr. Chairman, I have said more than I intended
about this address, but must notice another para-
graph ere 1 leave it. The address says " the bit-
ter waters of secession flow from the unclean fount-
ains of abolitionism." " That fountain must be
dried up." Sir, I suppose they mean that all
those who talk about slavery should be told to
"dry up " But, seriously, if anything ought to
be done, and must be done, to promote the welfare
of the people, there must be a way to do it; but
I confess [ do not see how these gentlemen will
dry up the fountain of abolitionism while slavery
• exists in the land. When a French monarch told
a venerable clergyman, who implored him not to
persecute the Protestant churches of the realm,
that he would, destroy them all unless they gave
up thepreachingof theirpestilcnt heresies, the old
servant of God replied: "Sire, the Church is an
anvil that has worn out a groat many hammers."
Mr. Chairman, Libert? is an anvil also that has
worn out a great many hamtnefs; and should the
fourteen gentlemen make an assault upon our lib-
erties in the form proposed, they may find it a
wearing operation to themselves ere they are done
with it.
This talk about stopping all discussion of the
question of slavery is sheer nonsense. They
might as well talk of drying up the Mississippi,
or of " conciliating" South Carolina, and bring-
ing her bock into the Union without " coercion."
The people of this country will say what they
please about slavery or any other question that
interests them, the fourteen gentlemen to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and if any institution in
this country cannot stand this discussion of its
merits or demerits, it must go down, for it cannot
exist here. The right to speak or to print our
own thoughts on ail subjects has been purchased
too dearly to ever be surrendered. It is necessary
to human progress and human happiness, and
without it a Government of the people cannot
exist. Sir, it is but a few years since the Demo-
cratic party denounced slavery as a great political
evil, and opposed its further extension on this con-
tinent, and had they continued to do so, we should
have witnessed its gradual extinction and escaped
a civil war.
Butthe politicians of the South obtained the con-
trol of the party and succeeded in changing its pol-
icy to suit themselves, by which it lost the support
Of northern freemen who objected to this transfer,
and ad hered to the faith and principles ofthe fathers
of democracy. The gentlemen who propose to
revive the party organization now, seem unable to
Jearn wisdom from the past, and stubbornly ad-
here to the same policy which has already proved
so fatal. Their address, as I understand it, is but
a revised edition of the message of President Bu-
chanan denouncing the North as the cause of the
war, in spite of the evidence of facts to the con-
trary, and declaring their determination to sustain
slavery, even to the putting down of all who are
opposed to it, as if it were a national institution
and more sacred than the Constitution itself. Sir,
I venture to predict that no party with such a plat-
form will ever again control the Government ofthe
United States. The whole history of that policy
proves that it ought to be abandoned, and it will
be, and this attempt to revive it will utterly fail.
^ IVIr. Chairman, the doctrine of secession, or the
right of a State to secede from the Union, under
any conceivable circumstances, is a political her-
esy which cannot be tolerated, and we ought not
to speak of it as a possibility. We have heard
i?edjtlt! t'le'r madness, propose a dissolution of
the Union unless slavery was abolished; but no
considerable number advocated such an idea, and
the people gave no heed to it whatever. Sir, 1 am
in favor of a perpetual union of these States under
any and all circumstances, with slavery or without
slavery, content to wait till, under the influence
of a free press, correct principles shall prevail.
Slavery is a temporary evil, and must disappear
before the onward march of civilization, no matter
who may offer it protection. It may last half a
century yet—though 1 hope not; but what is that,
even, in the lifetimeof a nation? Under,this Gov-
ernment I was born, and under it I expect to die,
and whether slavery is abolished or not, my last
prayer will be for the perpetual union of these
United States. There is nothing in the origin of
the doctrine of secession that should commend it
to our attention. What individuals may have ad-
vocated it in the early days of the Republic, I shall
not now inquire; but the Hartford convention of
1814 first proclaimed it as a remedy for alleged
grievances. In their address to the people de-
nouncing- the war and the administration of Presi-
dent Madison, they say:
"Events may prove that the causes of our calamities are
deep and permanent."
And after a few more speculations, they add
that—
'< Whenever it shall appear that these causes are radical
ami permanent, a separation by equitable arrangement will
be preferable to an alliance by constraint."
This reasoning would have been perfectly sat-
isfactory to Jeff Davis himself; and the idea of a
peaceable separation by equitable arrangement was
adopted by him and his followers, and advocated
as the proper policy for both parties. But the
whole is at war with reason and common sense.
We might as well talk of tearing a man limb from
limb and call it a peaceable separation of his body
as to talk of a peaceable separation of these States.
It is simply impossible, and a civil war for years
to come is but a slight calamity compared with
that of a dissolution of the Union. The doctrines
of the add ress from which I quoted cannot find an
advocate in New England now; and if, half a cen-
tury ago, some of her citizens failed in their duty
to the Government, she has nobly atoned for it in
this second war for independence, and washed out
every stain upon her escutcheon in the blood of
the best and bravest of her sons.
£ am sorry to say that some men of influence,
whose loyalty is undoubted, profess to believe
that a small minority of the States may rightfully
demandour consent to their peaceable withdrawal
from the Union, if it is the almost unanimous wish
of their fcitizens to do so. They base this sup-
posed right upon that part of the Declaration of
Independence which affirms that all just Govern-
ments owe iheir authority to the consent of the
governed, and declare that'if six or seven States
wish to leave the Union and set up an independ-
ent government, we should allow them to do so.
Sir, I do not understand the Declaration of Inde-
pendence as teaching any such doctrine, nor has
the Constitution in any way conferred upon a mi-
nority the right to control the Government or de-
stroy the Republic itself. The will of a majority
of the people fairly expressed, according to the
forms of law, must be obeyed or there is an end of
all republican forms of government. A minority
may believe that they have just cause to complain
ofaGovernmentof which they are a part, but the
necessities of the nation must be consulted in pref-
erence to the interests, or supposed interests, of
any part or section of it.
When Thomas Jefferson purchased Louisiana,
he did not ask the people whether they preferred
to unite their fortunes with a then feeble and in-
significant Republic or remain a colony of France
and share its glory and imperial splendor. He
saw the possession of that territory and the mouth
of that great river was necessary to our prosperity
and power, and bought it of Napoleon, and pleased
or not pleased, consenting or not consenting, the
f?°P j t^'eiv territory became a part of the
United States. If it was necessary to own that
portion of the continent then, it is far more neces-
sary now, and it is impossible to suppose the peo-
ple will eyer consent to part with it. The posses-
sion and control of that great river and the business
upon its waters is not a question of law or mor-
als, butof necessity and powsft-. There are more
than twenty thousand miles of natural steamboat
navigation on the Mississippi and its tributaries,
and in any given time in the last ten years, before
the rebellion, there was three times as much Amer.
ican life and property afloat on these rivers as upon
the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. The control of
such a river we can never surrender to any Power,
and it will ever remain the natural outlet of the
trade and commerce of the great Northwest.
Mr. Chairman, it is impossible to calculate the
value of the Union to the people of these States,
Under this Government they have enjoyed the
largest liberty possible in any social or political
system, while the increase of wealth and popula-
tion, for the last half century, has been without a
parallel in the history ofthe world. National pride
has been gratified, also, by the increase of national
power, and the certain knowledge that in half a
century more the United Stales must be by far
the most powerful nation on the globe. But the
great Powers of Europe have witnessed our rapid
growth with greatuneasiness; and, perceiving the
immense power we shall soon be able to wield,
are untiring in their efforts to divide and destroy
us. They profess to believe our institutions are
an experiment that must finally fail, and do what
they can to create distrust in the stability of our
Government. The LondonTimesand other Eng-
lish papers declare the American Union a nuisance;
affirm that democratic arrogance is insufferable;
and thatadivisionofourterritory,and consequent
destruction of power, would be a blessing to the
world. Theyareanxiouslybopingforthesuccess
of the rebellion, and watch the movements of the
different armies with feverish feeling and anxiety.
Sir, a few short months must determine whether
this nation, by a loss of territory, shall become
a third rate Power, or whether by suppressing the
rebellion and maintaining the Union we shall pre-
serve our present power and position, and attain
to ultimate supremacy among the nations of the
earth. Pride and patriotism alike urge us on to the
greatest efforts for the salvation of our country;
and every impulse and feeling is intensified a thou-
sand fold by the indignation every American citi-
zen must feel at this officious intermeddling in our
affairs, and this exultant and unconcealed desire
for the dissolution of the Union.
For the purpose of strengthening the Union and
the Government, the President has urged the ab-
olition of slavery in the border States, and rec-
ommended Congress to compensate them, to some
extent, from the national Treasury for the losses
they may sustain. His message on this subject is
the most important State paper of the day. It in-
augurates a new era in the History of our country
by proffering the aid ofthe national Government
in the removal of the only disturbing element in our
political system, and must meet with the hearty
approval of the people. How the great body of
the slaveholders may look upon this movement in
favor of emancipation I do not know, but many of
the most prominent among them recommend its
adoption and give it their support. They under-
stand the signs ofthe times,and wouldpreparethe
way for what sooner or later is inevitable. Opposi-
tion on the part of a majority of those directly inter-
ested may postpone the adoption of those meas-
ures for a short time, but nothing can prevent
some action on this question for a long period.
Every consideration that can operate upon the
mind of man demands the abolition of slavery.
Christianity and humanity alike cry out against it
as an enormous wrong; and the continual excite-
ment which it causes in the country exasperates
the people and adds to the number of its enemies.
It has been the bane of our politics for half a cen-
tury, creating and destroying parties, and filling
thecountry with discord and contention. For the
last ten years, if a school teacher was to be em-
ployed, or a clergyman settled, or a constable or
justice of the peace elected in any one of the thirty-
four states, the first question asked was, " what
are his opinions on slavery." In this way it has
become an unmitigated nuisance, and the people
will not tolerate it much longer. We are told to
let it alone, but we mightas well talk of letting'
a rebel army alone when it was marching upon the
capital It is aggressive in its nature, always
encroaching upon the rights of others, and at war
nf L tv!tUU°nueverywhere- In thirteen
ofthe States where it has the control ofthe local
government, freedom of speech and freedom ofthe
press are unknown,and the laws which itcnncts
are ™°re oppressive and tyrannical
than the decrees of the despots of Austria.
