624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
not be perplexed with it at this moment in con-
nection *witfi this bill.
Mr, FI2SSENDEN. We may as well put it
here as anywhere else.
• Mr. SUMNER. But the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs says that it shall be on
another bill which he proposes to call up.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It is not passed by call-
ing it up merely.
Mr: SUMNER. The Senator says that it is
not passed by calling it up. You are not sure that
this will be passed either. It seems to me the
most direct, most ■ practical, and shortest way of
doalitig with the matter is to pass this bill, ana let
the other bill, to which reference has been made
in this discussion, be considered carefully by the
committee, and a proposition on this subject
coupled with it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Let me say to my friend
from Massachusetts, that the difficulty is, that in
this way of legislating in regard to the Army, we
get only a piece at a time; we have one bill to-day;
we have another bill to-morrow. Now, I should
like to see the thing all before me at once, so that
I may understand what is proposed. 1 cannot
remember from day to day what has been done.
The Senator brings up one bill to-day; we act
upon it, and wo must act upon it with reference to
itself, and not with reference to other things. To-
morrow another bill comes up which may be con-
nected with it; but the other has gone by. Now,
I think we ought to legislate on this subject as we
do on all other subjects—not to take it piecemeal,
but take it as a system.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
Senator from Maine is altogether wrong. Why
does he not lump ail the appropriation bills > He
keeps all his bills distinct by themselves, accord-
ing to their respective subjects. The Military
Committee introduced a system for allotments, and
it was passed. It was properly presented, and
passed by itself. The committee introduced the
sutler bill, and that was passed by itself, as it ought
to have been. The committee introduced a bi'll
for the organization of division staffs; it ought to
have been a bill by itself, and not coupled with
other measures, but the Senator opposed it at the
time Then, sir, wo introduced a bill in regard to
the medical department, and we want it to stand
bv itself, and 1 mean that it shall stand by itself.
Here is a reformatory bill, undertaking to correct
abuses that lmve grown up under existing laws,
and the mistakes of the hasty legislation of last
summer. I want it to stand by itself I see no
reason for putting this amendment upon it. I
think the amendment connected with the staff be-
longs especially and distinctly to the etaiFbill, and
that is the reason why 1 wish to take it up with
that bill. .
Now, sir, for the information of the Senator
from Maine, who has not time to study those mil ■
itary bills; I will call his attention to this bill, and
show him what it is The first section provides
that brevet commissions shall be honorary, that
officers having brevet commissions shall not be
entitled to increase of pay or emoluments because
of those brevet commissions. 1 think it right. It
will save money to the Treasury. It makes the
brevet commission an honorary thing, not a mere
matter of obtaining money out of the Treasury of
the United States
The second section provides that the officers of
the Army entnled to forage for horses shall not be
allowed to commute it, but shall draw it in kind.
That is a provision which will save to this Gov-
ernment hundreds of thousands of dollars, and will
correct an admitted abuse.
The next section fixes the number of horses that
different officers of the Army may own and draw
forage for. I think it right and just.
The next section provides that whenever an
officer of the Army shall use a soldier as a servant
—and henever ought to use a soldier as a servant—
he shall deduct his entire pay'out of his own pay,
so that an officer shall have no pecuniary interest
in converting a soldier into a servant.
The fifth section provides that the act approved
August 6, 18G1, increasing the pay of privates,
shall not work to the benefit of the officers of the
Army. Under the construction of the law this
increase of two dollars goes into the pocket of
the officer for servants; and it is so construed
that they get the benefit, some of them, of a
large number of dollars That will save a large
amount of money to the Treasury of the United
States.
The sixth section provides that so much of the
act of July 22, 1861, as authorizes each regiment
of volunteers to have twenty-four musicians shall
be repealed. This provision repealing the law al-
lowing regimental bands will save to the Treasury
of the United States more than four millions of
dollars a year. The next section provides for the
organization of brigade bands, so that instead of
having four bands m a brigade there shall be but
one band, and reduces the number of musicians in
a band from twenty-four to sixteen.
The eighth section provides that in lieu of the
presentrate of mileage, which is ten cents, officers,
except those coming to or from the Pacific coast,
shall have six cents a mile, and that the officers
shall draw the mileage only when they travel at
their own expense, and not in Government ves-
sels or other Government conveyance.
The ninth section is the disputed section mak-
ing a reduction of ten per cent, from the salaries
of all persons employed in the service of the Uni-
ted States, except soldiers and sailors, and it was
never intended to inelude soldiers and sailors.
The tenth section provides that at each of the
permanent hospitals the President may appoint a
chaplain, whose pay shall be only that of a post
chaplain in the Army,or about a thou sand or eleven
hundred dollars a year instead of $1,800, that the
chaplains get now. This is a matter of economy,
and a matter of justice, in my judgment. These
locations are not out on the field, and it is enough
to give these chaplains the pay of post chaplains
in the Army. There are several hospitals in this
city, and the President has already made some
appointments to meet the exigencies of the occa-
sion. It is very important in the permanent hos-
pitals to have chaplains: if they are needed any-
where, they are needed by the sick and dying men
in your hospitals.
Section eleven provides that so much of the
ninth section of the act of July 22, 1861, as re-
quires that the chaplains shall be of some "Chris-
tian denomination," shall be construed to mean
some " religious denomination."
The twelfth section provides that so much ofthe
fifth section of the act of July 22, 1861, as allows
forty cents a day for the use and risk of company
horses of cavalry shall be repealed. It was an error
—a mistake. By this section you will save forty
cents a day for each company in seventy-seven
cavalry regiments. This will save a large amount
of money annually. This allowance was never
made before, and it ought not to have been made.
It was a mistake in the law
The thirteenth scction is that whenever an offi-
cer shall be put under arrest, except at remote
stations, the charges against him shall be pre-
ferred in so many days, and he shall have his trial
in so many days afterwards, if the public service
will permit, and certainly within thirty days.
The fourteenth section provides for the retire-
ment of officers who have been in service forty-
five years, or who are sixty-two years of age;
and the fifteenth section provides that the Presi-
dent may appoint retired officers, if he thinks it
advisable, at full compensation, to take command
in the field.
Then, to-day, we have adopted several amend-
ments. Some Senators were not in when they
were offered, and others perhaps did not pay spe-
cial attention to them,and I will briefly state what
they are.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that it is my intention, at the proper
time, to move that the bill lie oil the table, and
that the amendments be printed. They aie of
great importance.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator will let me state the amendments, he will see
exactly how the bill now stands. They have been
carefully prepared.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have listened with great
attention to all the amendments as they were read
at the desk, and I could not understand them thor-
oughly. I think that some of them require care-
ful consideration. There are a great number of
them. They ought to be printed, and laid before
the Senate. I move that they be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator can make his motion after I have made my
statement. Oneamendment,adopted to-day,hmits
the number of paymasters to one hundred and
twenty-five, which makes a reduction of twenty-
four. That, of course, will be a great saving to
the Treasury. The Paymaster General says that
he intends to assign five regiments to each pay-
master, and that one paymaster can attend to that
number of regiments.
Another section provides that quarters and fuel
shall only be furnished to officers when on duty
in the field; and that the number of officers now
allowed to certain officers of the Army for the
transaction of business shall be furnished, and no
more. This provision is strongly recommended
by several officers in the field; and I have no doubt
it ought to be adopted, and will be a matter of
economy and of justice. Another amendment in
regard to the descendants of deceased soldiers is
absolutely necessary to facilitate the settlement of
those accounts. It is urged very strongly by the
Auditorand Comptroller having charge of the mat-
ter, as a provision of absolute necessity, and, as
an economical question, it will work also to the
advantage of the Government.
Then another provision authorizes the Presi-
dent to dismiss from service such persons as he
may think the public good requires should be dis-
missed. This proposition is drawn with great
care; for I may say it was drawn by the veteran
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] and I
have great confidence in any legal act that he
draws.
Another section provides that all contracts made,
or orders given for the purchase of goods and sup-
plies in any Department of the Government, shall
be promptly reported to Congress. The object
is to have these contracts when they are made re-
ported here. It will have a salutary effect upon
the Departments. The law now requires them to
do it monthly, I believe.
Mr. RICE. AH contracts made by the War
and Navy Departments shall be promptly reported
to Congress when in session, is the present law,
but this includes all the Departments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Another
section is that no contract or order so made shall
be transferred by the party or parties to whom
the contract or order may "be given, to any other
party or parties, and that any such transfer shall
cause the annulment of the contract.
I think these are all measures that are needed,
that they ought to be upon the statute-book at this
time, and that they are economical. There is
scarcely a section in the bill that will not save
money to the Treasury, therefore I hope the bill
will pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Iowa. To that the Senator from
Massachusetts has moved an amendment striking
out certain words. The Chair will suggest that
the amendment ofthe Senator from Massachusetts
is notnow in order, as the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa is already an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Rice] seems to speak rather complainingly
that the Senate is not willing to adopt the military
bills that come to this body from the Military
Committee, and at the same time he admits that
the committee is not infallible; that there is no
military man upon it, as a member, nor occupy-
ing a scat in the Senate. I have no disposition to
interfere with the bills that come from anybody;
but I am here with the responsibilities of a Sena-
tor resting upon me. I feel it to be my duty to
examine into the military bills, as well as into
other business that is presented to me for consid-
eration, and to express my opinions freely upon
them, as I think 1 do quite frankly. Whenever 1
am convinced that any measure or any portion of
a measure is wrong, I say so. When it meets
my approbation, I vote for it.
The Senator has given us a pretty good idea
of what he conceives to be the duties of the Mili-
tary Committee, confessing the ignorance of the
members of that body, and of the members of this
body also. He says that he believes it to be our
duty to follow the dictation of the War Depart-
ment, or of the officers of the Army. [Mr. Rice
rose.] The Senator will pardon me; I think that
was his language, or that was at any rate his
sentiment.
Mr. RICE. I did not say any such thing; I
did not intend to say it, at any rate. The remark
I made was this: that we, not being military men
