1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
184-7
structed to inquire into the propiiety of reporting a bill pun-
ishing all contractors guilty of fraud against the Govern-
ment with punishment similar to that inflicted for the crime
ot giaml larceny.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would like, in connec-
tion with that resolution, to make an inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to make an inquiry of the Committee on the
Judiciary. Early in the session a biil to accom-
plish the same object as that specified in this res-
olution was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I would be glad to know if that committee
has considered that bill, and whether they are
ready to report it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inform the gentle-
man that if he refers to the bill introduced by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roscoe
Conkmng,] it was a very different matter from
that which is now proposed by the gentleman from
Indiana. And I would say further, in answer to
the gentleman from Illinois, that I am not aware
of any bill having been referred by the House to
the Judiciary Committee which accomplishes the
object contemplated by the resolution now offered
by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indiana
was not, perhaps, aware that a bill introduced by
the gentleman from Illinois, and a bill introduced
by the gentleman from New York, and all the pa-
pers which were referred—a portion of them to the
Judiciary Committee and a portion of them to the
committee on Government contracts—were finally
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
those other committees respectively discharged
from their further consideration. All those bills
are now before the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLFAX. I will modify my resolution
so as to refer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs, if desired by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. I have been waiting patiently for a
bill of that sort to be reported by some committee
for our action. 1 think that frauds of that char-
acter in public matters should be punished in the
same manner as frauds in private transactions. I
have, therefore, moved this resolution by way of
reminder and instructions to the committee. Let
us promptly pass a law whidh shall punish every
man who is found, on a fair trial, to have de-
frauded the Government, with the same disgracing
penalty behind the bars of a prison that we visit
against the thief who robs your dwelling or your
storehouse.
Mr. DAWES. I did not propose any such
modification. I said at the time, that I thought the
Judiciary Committee was the proper committee to
which to refer those bills; but the House seemed
to think that it was better to take the matter out
of the hands of the Judiciary Committee, and out
of the hands of the committee on Government
contracts, and put it into the hands of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana modify his resolution?
Mr. COLFAX. I do not, as it is not desired
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, and as the
Judiciary Committee seems the most appropriate
one. All I want is action, a fair bill, a fair trial
where both sides can be heard, and a heavy pen-
alty on conviction. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the original resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing, from- the President of the
United States, was received by Mr. Hay, his Pii-
vate Secretary.
BOUNDARIES OF NEVADA.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH introduced a bill to le-
galize the survey ot the boundary line between
the Territory of Nevada and the State of Califor-
nia; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
RESOLUTIONS OF LEGISLATURE OF NEVADA.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH also presented to the
House joint Union resolutions of the LctrU.atm*
Assembly of Nevada Territory; and also nsolu-
tions concerning the retirement of Lieutenant Gen-
« rai Scott from active service m the Army, which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. RICHAR.DSON. I was absent when the
State of Illinois was called, and ask unanimous
consent to introduce a resolution.
The Resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas Hon. William H. Seward, Secretary of State,
In a letter beating date September 11, 18G1, addressed to
Colonel Pohndor Casalta d'Ornano. m reply to a commu-
nication fioni that officer, dated July 20,1861, tendering his
military services to the United States, says: " Should you
see fit to come to our shores you will bo hospitably received,
and the. Government will uke pleasure m assigning to you
an honorable position in the Army of the United States;"
and whereas upon this assurance the recipient thereof re-
signed his commission a# colonel in the army of Italy, and
at great expense came here to engage m the war for the
Union, and has now been here more than four months and
has been unable to obtain official position or recognition
from the Departments:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
transmit to tins House the number and names of all foreign-
ers who have been so invited to this country, together with
the dates of such invitations, the authority of law by which
they weie made, the disposition of the officers since their
artival, and the expense to this Government.
The following is the letter referred to in the
resolution:
Dfpartment of State,
Washington, September 11, 1861.
Sir: YoOr letter of the 20th of July, to the President of
the United States, has been referred by him to this Depart-
ment.
The President appreciates very highly the generous tend-
er you have made of your sci vices in the cause of this
Government, which is, indeed, as you have truly described
it, tlx* cau->c ol civilization.
Should you see fit to come to our shores, you will be hos-
pitably received and the Government will take pleasure in
assigning to you an honorable position in the Army ol' the
United .States,
I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your
obedient servant, WiLLlAM II. SEWARD.
To Colonel Polindor Casalta. d'Ornano, *Sjuccio, Isl-
and oj Corsica, Franco.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. SPAULD1NG introduced a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the appointment of commission-
ers to negotiate a new treaty with the Biitish
provinces of North America, based upon the true
principles of reciprocity, and also authorizing the
President to give the necessary notice for termin-
ating the present unsatisfactory treaty; which was
read a first and second time, refei red to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PRISONERS TAKEN ON SLOOP VELMA.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the consideration of the follow-
ing resolution, which was laid over from Monday
last:
Resolved, That the Secictary of War he requested to in-
form the House whether the pnsonci-. taken m the sloop
Velma were released by the United States, commissioner^
at Baltimore, with the knowledge and concern of the nnh-
taiy authorities of the department of Maryland ; aUo, by
what authority Colonel Gunter, of Virginia, who rotund to
lake the oath of allegiance, was lelea^ed on a conditional
paiole which bound'him only not to uke up arinn against
the Government while tne eastern shore counties in Vir-
ginia lemamed under the United States authouty; also, by
what authority said Gunter was allowed to visit the camp
ot the sixth Man land i«*giu cnt at La Fayette square, Balti-
more, to search "lor runaway negioes.
Mr. POTTER. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. COX. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot ob-
ject. It is a resolution which comes up regu-
larly in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted,
CONTRACTS FOR ARMS.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness m order was the consideration of a joint reso-
; Iution (H. R. No. 44) to annul certain orders for
1 fire-arms, and to authorize the Secretary of War
to suspend others; which, giving rise to debate
i on a previous Monday, was laid over under the
' rules.
I Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that there
is now a commission in session in this city for
i the purpose of investigating the contracts for
| arms. Upon their making their report to the War
j, Department, we shall be better able to judge how
!' far our power extends to rescind these contracts or
|| to interfere with those abominable contracts which'
have disgraced the Department by which they
were made. I hope the resolution will not pass
until that report comes in. J understand that
three days prior to the resignation of the late #
Secretary or War, he made a contract for three
millions of arms—$1,000,000 worth—and *gave
three or four years, perhaps, to supply them for
the present Army.
Mr. FENTON. As my colleague [Mr. Ros-
coe Conkling] who introduced the resolution is
not present, I move to postpone its consideration
for one week. #
The motion was agreed to.
CENSUS RECORD.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the consideration of a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 53) for a census record, which,
giving rise to debate, was laid over on a previous
Monday, being the resolution introduced by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Walton.]
Mr. WALTON. A resolution of the same
tenor has been referred to the Committee on Print-
ing. That committee will report it back at a con-
venient time, and I therefore move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The motion way agreed to.
The SPEAKER, as the next business in order,
commenced the regular call of the committees for
reports.
NEVADA TERRITORY, ETC.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported back a bill (H.R. No.306) ex-
tending the terntoiial limits of Nevada, and in-
creasing the salaries of certain officers.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the consideration
of the bill be postponed until Thursday of next
week, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF POLYGAMY.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 391) to punish and
prevent the practice of polygamy in the Terri-
tories of the United States and other places, and
disapproving and annulling certain acts of the
Territorial Legislature of Utah.
The bill was read.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
to the House that this is the identical bill passed,
about two years ago, when there was an elaborate
report made by a gentleman from Tennessee, Mr.
Nelson, and when it received the almost unani-
mous support of the House. The only difference
between the two bills is this: that bill excepted,
from its provisions the District of Columbia, and
that exception is stricken out in this bill. 1 pre-
sume there is no member of the House who de-
sires to discuss this measure, and I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to allow me to suggest a single verbal
amendment, rather a matter of taste than other-
wise.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will hear the
suggestio n.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is to strike out the word
" nevertheless" in the proviso to the first section.
It has no business there; it is surplusage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, ifthegen-
tleman from Tennessee says that " nevertheless"
has no business there, I presume he is right; and
I have no objection to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the amendment. I
have no speech to make about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I ask the gentleman
from Veimont to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I prefer to have
the biil pass as it is.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I think if the gen-
tleman understood the character of the amend-
ment he would not object. It is merely to correct
the bill, and not for the purpose of throwing any
impediments in the way of its passage. The bill,
in its present shape, does not amount to anything.
The SPEAKER,. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I decline to do
so.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
