1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with this road accommodate the Canada interest,
the lake shoie interest, the Northwest interest, all
that great body of country now just being de-
veloped. This branch is of the first importance,
if we are going to build the road at all, and should
be considered. Uniting itself with the head of
Lake Superior is a great feature of the road.
Uniting itself with the great Lake Shore road is a
great feature of this road. Outside and beyond
this branch the Lak^ Shine road mnning along the
noithem lakes, Wisconsin, northern Iowa, and
Minnesota are cut off from the connection. Maine
is cut off just as much, and so is Vermont, and so
are all the States that line the shores of the north-
ern lakes. I know New Hampshire is down be-
low, and I believe never has taken any great in-
terest m any of these enterprises to connect the
Atlantic and the Pacific shores. I hope the friends
of the measure will not abandon this provision of
the bill.
Mr. WADE. I was a member of this commit-
tee, and took some pains to infoim myself about
this road I believe 1 reflected on the time in which
it is brought for ward—on the struggle in which the
country is now engaged with the enemy; and my
judgment at last was convinced that we ought now,
'notwithstanding all these seeming difficulties, to
undertake to construct a road to the Pacific. It is
a great measure that may prevent the recurrencc
of the difficulties under which we are now labor-
ing. I think it, at all events, a work of great na-
tional importance. I am not going into all the
reasons that suggested themselves to me and im-
pelled me to be the advocatc of this road and this
bill just as it was reported to tiie Senate. There
were some things in the bill that I would individ-
ually rather have seen out; there are branches here
which I was in hopes would be dispensed with; but
as I believed they could not be withoutcreating a
conflict of opinion or interest, either real or fan-
cied, I came to the conclusion that it was best to
take the bill as U came from the House of Repre-
sentatives; and as one member of that committee,
I agreed that I would stand by it. In that, I be-
lieve, I was not rash or inconsiderate. On a more
mature deliberation, having listened to all the ar-
guments against these branches, I am not yet per-
suaded that it is best for us to amend the bill in
these particular,'?. It is very true that the road
will cost somewhat moie in its construction by re-
taining them. The bill, however, is so trained
as not to produce much, if any, burden upon the
Treasury. It is scarcely anything else than lend-
ing the credit of this Government to a great neces-
sity, agreat entet prise, worthy of the age in which
we live and the po we rand magnitude and the great-
ness of the country we inhabit. I believe we can
do it. I believe we can perform it without any
material embarrassment to the Treasury, and that,
when it is done, it will be of political advantage
infinitely greater than the cost of constructing the
road.
These are my views; and I have not embar-
rassed myself much by the conflicting, if there
may be conflicting, interests of these branches.
After all that, they are all exceedingly useful.
They are not even local 111 their chaiacter. To be
sure, running as they do in certain States and Ter-
litorics, they are, in a measure, local, just as every-
thing else you do nationally has a local habitation
somewhere, where there may be a greater interest
in it than at some other place. But, sir, we have
hardly ever approached agreat work of this mag-
nitude that had so little of a local character in it
as this, it is foi the interest of the eastern States
and the middle States, and the State m which I
reside, and which I attempt here to represent, that
many of these branches shoujd be built, and al-
most as much to our advantage as it is to the Ter-
ritories and States tin ough which they go. I hope,
sir, that we shall stand by tlio bill as it is. I hope
we shall not trim it up. I know that, the interests
of the capitalists about to invest in this road, the
interests of the public whose patriotism will rally
them to its construction, will be greatly dampened
if we strike down these branches. You will then
build a road between the Territories, atul have no
particular assurance that within any given time it
will lie connected with practical,useful chelations.
We have given great and magnificent grants of
lands for the construction of railroads in almost
all parts of the great West. I did not favor them
very much; and I am not certain that I was wise
in not doing so. I am not sure that they are not
worth more than all the grants we have made to
sustain them. My objection all the time was that
they would create great landed monopolies, which
I dread more than almost anything else. But, sir,
we have entered upon the policy; we have pur-
sued it too far to retract; and now we are granting
scarcely any more to these branches, which are
ancillary to the main trunk and will conduce much
to its construction. I say we have enteted upon
the policy; and it seems to mc this is the last place
at which we should stop under a fancied limit. I
believe the branches are as essential as the main
trunk; that they will assistin building it; thatthey
will furnish a motive for the embarking of motley
in the main line. It will be a mighty lonesome
business to commence the main line in a mere wil-
derness, where it has nothing to attach itself to.
You have got to begin it where it will seem to the
world of no use whatever. Why, sir, it is like
building a bridge across a magnificent river and
never framing your abutments, by which you can
get on to it. 1 do not think it is best that this
should be done. The committee, as 1 understood
them, agreed that we would take this measure with
all its branches, and although it will be somewhat,
it will not be vastly more expensive to the Govern-
ment; and in my judgment it will be better to take
them altogether. I hope we shall take them. If
we do, we have every assurance that this great
measure, after more than ten yeai s' struggle, will
become an accomplished fact, and a road to the
Pacific entered upon by Congress and be con-
structed. If we fail in this, through a niggardly
policy, or, in my judgment, a false economy at this
time, it may anil probably will result in the defeat
of the measure again.
I do not believe that the House of Representa-
tives, if you divest it of its blanches, will ever
agree to your bill. I do not know but that they
ought to agree to it, as a naked construction of the
road between the Territories; but I do not believe
they will do it. I am not satisfied that you ought
to strike off these branches, and therefore, as I
said before, it is my conviction that it is better for
us to take the bill as it is, harmonizing all the in-
terests that seem to conflict, enlisting everybody
favorably in the great work, and let us go along
with it. I believe the people will be better satis-
fied with it and more likely to embark in it with
the additional expenses for these branches than
they will if you lop thorn off. I" the one case
you will have the road; m the other, in my judg-
ment, you will not.
I hope the committee will stand by the bill.
When I agree to stand by a measure of this or
any othoi kind, I am not very apt to shrink from
it. I hope it will commend itself to the Senate,
and that they will stand by it. I hope they will
overlook many things which in a measure of less
consequence would be matters that we should
look at; but the overruling magnitude of this
great measure, 111 my judgment, (livests it of that
narrow ciiticism that would attach to a proposi-
tion of less importance. I fear, if we go into these
small things, we shall embarrass the work, and we
shall be again defeated. I believe the whole coun-
try would be infinitely better satisfied to hear that
the railroad bill has passed, with all its branches,
than they would be if we, through fancied econ-
omy, by lopping them off, should defeat the bill.
I shall vote against the amendment striking off
this branch and the other branches.
Mr. WILKINSON. I was not fully convinced
that in this particular crisis of the country it was
wise to pass this bill; but it seems to be the desire
of both Houses, and it seems to be the feeling of
the country, so far as I can judge from the public
newspapers, that this bill should be passed. If it
is to be passed, I certainly hope that this branch
will be retained in the bill: and I am a little sur-
prised that a motion to strike it off should be made
by a gentleman representing an extreme northern
State'. Two years ago this'Senate voted upon an
amendment on a Pacific railroad bill adopting the
extreme northern route as surveyed by General
Stevens, as the best route to the Pacific. I be-
lieve now that that is the best route; but as I sec
no opportunity of obtaining the passage ofa meas-
ure adopting that as the route of a Pacific railroad,
and as I conceive that the public sentiment of the
country is m favor ofa bill, I am disposed to yield
to the popular sentiment, although my convictions
would teach me that the northern route is decid-
edly the best route winch could be selected.
But, sir, if you strike off the Sioux City route,
what do you do ? The State of Michigan has in-
structed her Senators to go for the northern route.
I believe the State of Wisconsin and the State of
Minnesota have done the same thing. Here are
three States, and the northern half of Iowa, that
are directly interested in this branch. It is the
only benefit that we can get from this grant. You
strike off this Sioux City branch, and you cut off
from the benefits of this road the entire States of
Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, and the north-
ern half of Iowa. All the States lying east can
communicate as directly with the main trunk as
they could through this branch. I ask gentlemen
is it fair, is it right, to ignore the entire Northwest
in the passage of this bill ? Is it fair for New Eng-
land, in their desire to favor and to build up Kan-
sas, to strike down three or four of the northwest-
ern States?
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit me to
say to him right here, that we have no desire in
the world to injure the Northwest? But the Sen-
ator will perceive that here are two routes reaching
from the westerly end of Iowa, one State, running
into this main trunk. I do not care which of those
two routes you get rid of. I desire to get rid of
one of them because they do not seem to be ne-
cessary. I took the northerly one because it seems
to be longer and less likely to be built; but if the
Senator prefers to retain this and strike out the
other, I have no objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest to the Sen-
atorfrom New Hampshire, that by an amendment
made to this bill by the Senator from Iowa, this
will be a very short line. Ho has cut off one half
the distance, so as to strike the Iowa branch half
way between Sioux City and the one hundredth
meridian.
Mr. CLARK. Only aboutfour degrees of lon-
gitude; that is all.
Mr.McDOUGALL. Notquitetwo. Taking
the direct line of the Platte, it will strike about
equidistant between the one hundredth meridian
and Sioux City.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will say, Mr. President,
that we have a land grant for a road from St. Paul
in Minnesota to the vicinity of Sioux City; there
is also a road from Dubuque which will strike at
about the same point; there is also aland grant for
a road in Wisconsin running up to the vicinity of
St. Paul. If you strike off this branch from Sioux
City, you will cut offentircly these roads in north-
ern Iowa, ill Minnesota, Wisconsin, and also a
road that runs entirely through the State of Michi-
gan, connecting with the Wisconsin road at Mil-
waukee; and it also deprives the new Territory of
Dakota, which I think we ought to look to. I am
certain that if we surrender our claim or our judg-
ment, which is in favor of the northern route, you
certainly ought not to deprive us of this branch. I
am m favor of cutting down the branches as far as
they can be reduced without material injury to any
particular portion pf the country.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not going to argue this
question, and I will content myself, if I can get
the attention of the Senate, with stating the ease
as presented in the bill. It should be borne in
mind that the great enterprise, as stated by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, is the building ofa
railroad across the Territories of the United States.
Outside of the States, the nation proposes to build
a road from the western boundary of Nevada,
which is at the meridian 120° west, across its
Territoiies to the cast, bounded by the Missouri
river. That is the point.
The committee have constructed this bill upon
the idea of making a trunk line across that terri-
tory, and I want to tell the Senate how they have
proceeded, or what the charactei of the bill is.
Commencing at the eastern line of California or
the western line of Nevada, and coming east, they
come east to within about four hundred miles of
the Missouii river, and there they stop. The first
inquiry is, why do the committee propose to con-
struct a road which has its eastern terminus four
hundred miles from the great natural highway,
the Missouri river? Can anybody answer that?
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator think it is
four hundred miles from the one hundredth me-
ridian to the Missouri river ?
Mr. MORRILL. If I have overstated it, call
it three hundred.
Mr. POMEROY. Two hundred.
Mr. MORRILL. Call it two hundred, and
