1862.]
37th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
Admission, of West Virginia—Mr. Blair.
Iio. of Reps.
Sir, I am sorry to say that ti .desire to do justice
to a race of men whom we have robbed of their
rights, and treated morelike cattle than like human
beings, has had very little to do with the creation
of the feeling against slavery which is almost
universal now. .Had the negro alone been the
victim, without involving the people of the free
States in his sufferings, he might have continued
another century in captivity ere the Christian feel-
ings and principles of the people would have led
them to cry out against it. But the system under
which he suffered has-cursed the whole country,
and at this moment threatens tiie existence of
the nation. Slavery is the sole cause of the war;
and deny it who will, the people know it, and
will hold it responsible for this rebellion. Wo
might talk of the cost of the war and of taxation
for years to pay the debt it has created; but that
is the very least of the evils it has inflicted upon
the country. Seven hundred thousand of the citi-
zens of the Republic have volunteered in defense
of the Government, and left their business and
their homes for the battle-field and camp. Three
hundred thousand moreare called for now, and are
hastening from every city and village in the land
to put an end to this war, and save their country
from ruin. Such an army was never seen on earth
before in any nation. They are not hirelings
and mercenaries, but intelligent men who enlist
from a sense of duty, and are influenced alone by
motives of patriotism. The flower of the young
men in our academies and colleges, and the noblest
and best citizens of our cities and villages have
joined the Army. Hundreds of thousands of them
will never return, but sacrifice their lives in the
service of their country. The names of these
heroes will be household words for generations
to come, and their children's children will repeat
them with exultation and pride; but their joyous
presence will never more gladden the homes and
the loved ones they left behind them. We shall
know how well they have done their duty, and
embalm their names in song and story; but who
shall relieve the anguish of those who loved them;
who shall dry up the tears of their widowed wives
and orphan children?
For all this, and far more, slavery is respons-
ible; and when the great account shall be made
up against it, the people will demand its abolition
in tones of thunder. While the evils it has inflicted
upon us are of such fearful magnitude, the future
is full of gloom and danger. There are now four
million slaves in the Union, and, if nothing is
done, there will soon be thrice that number. Is
any man so mad as to suppose this can go on
unchecked much longer? It is impossible. This
war has awakened the people and sealed the doom
of slavery; and its friends will do well to make
terms for themselves while they have an oppor-
tunity. The attempt to alarm the people of the free
States by asserting that they will soon be overrun
with negroes, if slavery is abolished, is unworthy
of any attention. There are hundredsof thousands
of free negroes in the slave States now who could
have emigrated North, but who choose to remain
where they are, as would all who are set free here-
after. They are needed as laborers, and those who
have farms and plantations would have to employ
them for years to come, or let their property go to
waste. Great numbers of them, with trifling aid
from the national Government, would doubtless
emigrate to countries which offer them advantages
they never can enjtoy here. In a few years the
number of emigrants from Europe and the north-
ern States to the fertile fields of the sunny South
would be so great that the negroes remaining would
be but a fraction of the population, and too insig-
nificant in numbers to be noticed.
Mr. Chairman, the laws we have enacted, au-
thorizing the employment of the slaves of rebels
and the emancipation of themselves and their fam-
ilies is a step in the right direction, and will re-
ceive the hearty approval of the people. Thus
far in the prosecution of this war slavery has re-
ceived the special protection of the Government,
and we have steadily refused to accept the services
of men who were anxious to assist us, and treated
them more like enemies than friends. Most of
our generals in command have refused to receive
these fugitives within their 'lines, and have thus
compelled them to remain with their rebel mas-
ters and labor for their benefit and for the support
of the rebel cause. Meantime our own soldiers
have been compelled to perform the severest labor
in a climate to which they are unaccustomed, and
the effect has been to fill the hospitals and unfit
large numbeis of the men for active service. This
course is so contrary to "the plainest dictates of
common sense that it would be impossible to ac-
count for it did we not know the intense pro-sla-
very feeling of many of the officers in command,
and their apparent determination to protect this
pet institution of the South at all risks whatever.
There is no reason under heaven why colored
men should be exempt from duty and not bo com-
pelled to labor, and fight, too, if required, at a
time-like this, when the Government needs all the
aid it can obtain from any quarter. Let them be
enrolled in regiments, subjected to military dis-
cipline, and perform all the labor of the camp,
which has been so destructive to the health and
lives of our men. Once assured of freedom and
protection within our lines, the slaves would leave
the rebel States in such numbers as to make it
impossible for them to keep their armies in the
field, and the war would soon be ended.
Why should we hesitate to invite them to join
the armies of the Union? General Washington
enlisted slaves in great numbers in the Revolution,
and all who were mustered into the service of the
United States were declared free men. The bravery
of these men and their devotion to the cause of
their country are well known. General Jackson
enlisted all the colored men, slaves or free, that
he could get at New Orleans, and in a general or-
der commended their bravery and good conduct in
the strongest terms. Why not follow the example
of these illustrious men, and bring this war to a
speedy termination ? The rebels are fighting with
the desperation of despair for the destruction of all
we hold dear, and we must use all the means in
our power if we intend to defeat them. Jeff Davis
has ordered the enlistment of mulattoes through-
out the South, and it is well known that tens of
thousands of slaves are employed by his order,
and render gi eat service to the rebel cause. On
every battle-field, from Yorktown to Richmond,
numbers of colored men have been found among
the slain who were clothed in rebel uniforms, and
had served, bey ond a doubt, as soldiers in the army.
But why search for precedents in the past or
present for employing slaves and colored men to
aid us in suppressing this rebellion when we can-
not succeed without them? Sir, we may talk of
the bravery of our troops, and of our ability to
vanquish the South, but we deceive ourselves if
we suppose we shall not be compelled to tax our
energies to the utmost to accomplish it. We have
cherished the absurd idea that the rebels will give
up the contest when we have taken Richmond,
and perhaps Mobile and Charleston, but we shall
waken from our delusion a few months hence,
and find that something more is necessary to suc-
cess. They are profoundly in earnest, and their
resources for carrying on a defensive war are very
great. They have a large population scattered
over an immense territory, and while three mil-
lion slaves remain to raise food for their families
and their armies,all theirable-bodied mencan take
the field, and we shall find it impossible to conquer
them. There is but one way m which we can
strike terror to their hearts and destroy their last
hope of success, and that is by the offer of free-
dom and protection to all the slaves in rebel States
who desert their masters and come within the lines
of our armies. Deprived of their support, they
could not hold out against us, and the war would
soon be at an end.
Sir, those who love slavery and those who still
dream of "conciliating" the rebels and causing
them to lay down their arms, may call this an abo-
lition measure, and speak of it with contempt; but
the progress of events will soon convince the peo-
ple that this course must be taken if we intend to
preserve the Union and the Constitution of our
country.
Mr. Chairman, the opponents of the Adminis-
tration denounce the legislation of the present Con-
gress as mischievous and injurious to the country,
but the people vrtll have to pronounce judgment
upon our proceedings, and I am willing to abide
by their decision. When Congress assembledon
the 4th of July last, the Treasury was empty,
United States stocks were at a ruinous discount,
the Government was without credit, and thirteen
States were in open rebellion against it. Since
theo we have raised an army of seven hundred
thousand men, armed and equipped them, and
furnished them with all that was necessary for
active service. We have provided for raising three
hundred thousand more, making in all one mil-
lion men, and the largest army ever raised in an-
cientormoderntimes. Wehavebuiltandequipped
a powerful Navy; and yet, with all this vast ex-
penditure, the credit of the Government is good
and money is abundant. * We have provided for
the payment of the interest on the national debt,
and for the creation of a sinking fund for its grad-
ual extinction. We have abolished slavery in the
District of Columbia, where its existence for so
long a period has been a disgrace to the nation,
and have prohibited its introduction into any of
the Territories of the United States. We have
passed a homestead law,givinga farm of one hun-
dred and sixty acres to every mjtn who will settle
upon and cultivate it. Such a donation was never
made before by any Government to any people.
Every sober and industrious man may have a
home hereafter for himself and family, and pov-
erty and want should be unknown. Tensof thou-
sands of families will soon be ready to avail them-
selves of the beneficent provisions of this law;
and I do not hesitate to say that the people will
derive more benefit from its enactment than from
all the congressional legislation of the last quarter
of a century.
Sir, it is with feelings pf pride and pleasure that
I call attention to the fact that the people are in-
debted to the Republican party alone for the pas-
sage of this law. Some of our opponents sus-
tained the bill; but it never could have become a
law by the votes of a Democratic Congress. South-
ern politicians were almost unanimous in their op-
position to it,and would have successfully opposed
the adoption of such a policy while they had the
control of the Government.
The passage of a law authorizing and aiding the
construction of a Pacific railroad is of the greatest
national importance, and the most stupendous un-
dertaking of the age we live ni. It binds the At-
lantic and Pacific States together in one indisso-
luble union, and will be the great highway of trade
and travel from Europe to the Indies forever.
Other laws of great public importance have been
enacted; ample means have been placed at the dis-
posal of the President for the prosecution of the
war; and this brandh of the national Government
have done all in their power to provide for the
public safety and promote the general welfare.
Mr. Chairman, I trust the threatening aspect of
affairs at home and abroad will arouse the people,
and stimulate them to make those great efforts and
sacrifices which are necessary at a time like this.
Let party platforms be laid aside, and party feel-
ing be forgotten in a patriotic devotion to our coun-
try; and let all loyal men, of whatever creed, who
would preserve the Union and maintain the Con-
stitution as the supreme law of the land, unite in
giving a hearty support to the administration of
Abraham Lincoln, and our country will be saved.
ADMtSSION OP WEST VHSG1NJA.
SPEECH OF HON. JACOB B. BLAIR,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
July 16, 1862,
The bill providing for the admiosioitofthe State of West
Virginia into the Union being under consideration—
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, said:
Mr. Speaker: Did I fail to raise my voice in
behalf of the bill now before the House I would
feel as if I had almost committed a crime by my
inaction against as loyal and confiding constit-
uency as ever honored a Representative on this
floor with their suffrage. And if, m the few re-
marks I propose to submit for the consideration
of the House, I shall be able to contribute in the
smallest degree towards its passage, my highest
hopes, my most sanguine expectations will be
fully realized.
Mr. Speaker, let me inquire,first, what is the
object and purposeof this bill? It is simply a bill
giving the consentof Congress to the erection and
