826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
which the Senator has given us, is the number of
feneral officers, including the major generals, the
Vigadier generals, and their various staffs, and
the word "staff" includes the quartermasters, the
commissaries, the surgeons, the paymasters, the
chaplains, and all other officers who are not of
the line.
But even if it were so, Mr. President, against
this testimony which the Senator brings us here
from imperial France in the time of Napoleon, I
refer him to the army register, published by the
authority of the presentNapoleon,in which there
is not an allowance made to a single general be-
longing to the entire army, except the general in
command of Algeria, of more than two aids to a
lieutenant general.
Mr. CLARK. I do not want to enter into this
book controversy; but I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Iowa if he knows of a single
general in our Army who has more men on his
staff than he finds use for?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator wants
an answer to that question. I amnotfamiliar with
these generals. I suppose that all of them would
desire as large a staff as possible. As I have al-
ready said, it gives eclat. It is very pleasant to
a general to riae through the streets with a large
train in his rear. They are exceedingly conven-
ient at times, I have no doubt; but for what pur-
pose they are necessary to be used I do not see.
Prom the fact that they are not regarded as use-
ful in other armies, I think it is a proper inference
that they are not needed in this.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to ask the Senator from
Iowa a question, and that is if he knows how large
the staff of the general-m-chief here is?
Mr. GRIMES I do not.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator ifheknowsthenumberof aids thatthatofficcr
has?
Mr. GRIMES. I only have the information
which the Senator himself has. The Senator from
Massachusetts says the official intelligence is be-
fore us, but we all know that there are upwards
of forty on that officer's staff.
Mr. HARRIS. I think I can inform the Sen-
ator from Iowa that General McClellan has never
had more than four aids. I think he has four aids,
two Americans and two Germans, and no more,
and he has never had any more.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course, I cannot disclose
what knowledge we have obtained in executive ses-
sion; I suppose I have no right to speak of what
has been senttousina confidential character; but
perhaps the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs may feel authorized to tell the Senate,
as he has been a member of that staff. I can only
say that the world knows that there have been
twenty-one aids assigned to one brigadier general.
Mr. FOSTER, lie was not a brigadier; it was
only rumored that he was a brigadier.
Mr, CLARK. It may be a very convenient
way; it may be, I may say, a learned way to
ascertain how many men would be useful on a
staff, by inquiring of the books; but in my direct
way, I should have gone to the general or to his
quarters, to have learned how many men he had
upon his staff and what he did with them. Wow,
I undertake to say, that I believe the Senator from
Iowa cannot tell me how many men appointed
under this act are upon the staff of the general.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will permit me to
say that I understand that information is here. It
is notenough to say that I do not know; it is enough
for me to know that under that law there is an
opportunity to abuse it most egregiously'.
Mr. CLARK. That is one point. There are
several others. It may be a good reason why we
should repeal a law, because it is liable to abuse
and has been abused; but it may not be a good
reason why we should adopt this amendment in
f""' This amendment goes very much further
than the repeal of the existing law on this subject;
it proposes that after thirty days every man who
has been appointed upon the staff of these gen-
eials shall cease to hold his office. Wow, you '
have your generals in the field; you have them |
winning victories. At the end of thirty days, by !
this legislation, their staffs will be completely dis- !
organized, and they will have to be reorganized !
again. I ask if Senators are prepared for that. I "
ask if the Senator from Iowa is prepared to dis- i
organize the staff of any general, or run the risk !
of it by this sweeping amendment. In our haste I
to do good, we may do a great deal of evil. I rec-
ollect an anecdote in point. It was said of the
famous Lorenzo Dow that he once dammed up a
stream and flooded his neighbor's land. His
neighbor prosecuted him. Said he, " I am doing
mischief here; I must take down my dam." He
went and knocked the dam down, and down went
the water, and it did more mischief below than it
had ever done above. The Senator from Iowa
may be right that the act has been abused; but I
believe that his amendment will lead to far more
abuse than that act. It is better to let it be, or
let us consider the proposition now fairly and
fully before we adopt it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It has been said that the
act passed a short time since, and which I thought
then was very well considered, authorizing the
appointment of staff officers by the President, at
the suggestion of commanders of divisions, has
been abused. I have not been advised by any
Senator when and where it has been abused, nor
do I understand that any Senator here is prepared
to state a case of abuse. Gentlemen talk wildly,
and the Senator from Iowa will allow me to say
that he is talking wildly upon this question, about
which, after all, he admits that he knows nothing.
He has just admitted it. Now, let me say that
my reason for voting for that measure in August
lastdid notgrowoutof any speculation or theory
of mine, or any lesson I had learned from the
books, but out of alesson I had learned in the field.
I had occasion to say to the Senate then, I think,
and I will say now to the committee on the con-
duct of the war, that the first battle we lost was
mainly lost because General McDowell had no
persons about him through whom to communi-
cate, through whom to give orders to the various
divisions of his command. He had to leave his
position and ride to a place where he was not in
communication with his command, because he
had no one about him to send, and it was want of
communication, more than anything else—the
want of aids—that lost us that fight. It was then
said, on all hands, that our generals in command
were not supplied with sufficient officers about
them to communicate with the various branches
of the army under them, and the act of August
last was passed.
General McDowell had what might be called
something of a staff. He had a chief of artillery,
he had a chief of dragoons, he had his commissary
and his quartermaster, he bad his assistant adju-
tant general, all five, if you please, belonging nom-
inally to his staff. But the chief of artillery was
looking after the business of artillery in the field;
the chief of cavalry did the same thing in regard
to his branch; neither of them was at "the side of
the commanding officer. Captain Fry, his assist-
ant adjutant general, was off, under orders, at a
distant part of the field. McDowell was left alone.
When he was in doubt about the reconnoissance
of the stream that Heiritzleman's command was
to cross, he could find no one to send to the head
of Heintzleman's column; he had no one to send.
He looked around, and then mounted his horse
and started off himself, with a few attendants, and
from that time until the field was lost,he was not
where he was in communication either with his
reserves, center or left, and therefore he never
knew of the movement from Manassas by which
the enemy was reinforced. If he had known it,
he would have moved Richardson's, Miles's,and
Keyes's columns, and the reserves and the left
would have saved the day. It was lost, for the
wantsimply of officers about him. It would have
been better for us it' be had had twenty aids.
I think there is where we are at fault; and let
me here make an observation which I think is
true—but it may not be true—that in an Army or-
ganized as ours has been, right from the people,
the rank and file undisciplined, the officers gen-.
erally not military men, the commanding general j1
requires more aid and more facilities for commit-
nication than he would if it wasanold,organized, "
systematized army. 1 think that this thing of ';
cutting off aids which we furnished a short time ;!
since, by one sweeping blow, is not only bad I
policy, but a very grave reflection upon ourselves.
Upon deliberation, we passed this act and g-ave j
this authority but a short time since. This thing !l
of moving backwards and forwards over the same 'i
line is not legislation, much less wisdom. b
Mr. KING. At the exira session it was eug- jj
gested that there were military officers of skill autl El
capacity whose services would be useful to the
Army m its organization, and for whom there
were no places in the line suitable for their ranks,
or who would not in any way be brought into the
service except by the mode suggested of allowing
a larger number of staff officers to major generals
of the Army. Some of them have been appointed
in that way. Congress passed an act authorizing
the President to appointin his discretion as many
aids to a major general as he should deem that the
exigencies of tbe public service required. The
right also exists in that law with the President to
dismiss these officers at any time when their ser-
vices become useless.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from New York. That bill
contemplated that a major general should nom-
inate all these officers to the President and dis-
tribute them around through his whole command,
assign them to his brigadiers,so that the persons
nominated by the major general would really, be
distributed throughout his whole division.
Mr. KING. Ispeak of the law as one confer-
ring the power on the President in his discretion
to appoint these officers on the suggestion, con-
sultation, and advice of the major generals. They
were to be suggested by them, and were to be
under their command. I am not aware that this
power has been abused, though a considerably
larger numberof aids has been appointed to Gen-
eral McClellan than has been mentioned here.
These officers need not come to usfor confirmation.
They are appointed by the President, in his discre-
tion, under the law which confers that authority
upon him. I think itunadvisable to interfere with
that law. I think if there be any good reason
of complaint to make in regard to this matter, the
Piesident himself, who has the power, will correct
the error; but to take away the power from him
may deprive some of the major generals of faith-
ful officers, essential and useful to the service; and
I would leave the power undisturbed. I am will-
ing to trust it where it is, believing that it will be
exercised withgooddiscretion. Congress cannot
interfere to organize—they have not attempted
to do that—this great Army; but it has been left
with the President and the Cabinet, upon consult-
ation with the military officers that they have
called around them, to determine what number
shall be assigned to the different corps—infantry,
artillery, cavalry, or what not; and we here are
not yet informed of the precise .number of volun-
teers in the field, or of the number which has been
appropriated to the different arms of the service.
My opinion is that we had better leave this law
to stand as it is without interfering with it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
debate ought to convince every Senator that this
amendment should not be put upon this bill; but
ought to be left upon the bill on which it has al-
ready been put by the Senate, for future consid-
eration. Senators ought to have time to read the
list that has been sent here in answer to a call of
the Senate, and which is now in the hands of the
printer; and the Committee on Military Affairs
ought to have time to consider carefully the effect
of the proposed repeal. I hope Senators will not
put the provision on this bill. This bill, I know,
has been toiled over days and nights. The objects
to be attained by it are*good; I believe the bill is
well and carefully drawn. I hope we shall pass
it before wo adjourn to-day, and that it will speed-
ily be put upon the statute-book. It will correct
many abuses, and save a vast sum of money to the
Treasury of the United States.
In regard to this question of the staff, I will say
that I believe the men whom General McClcllan
has put into his staff, and into the staff of other
officers, under this law, to be men of capacity and
character; men who are well employed in the pub-
lic service. I do not wish to disturb them. As to
the number of staff officeis, every body knows that
in European armies they are much larger than they
are here. Napoleon had a French marshal at the
head of his staff, and that marshal had a large staff,
and I doubt not, if you undcitakc to examine it,
there were men on it of higher renk than on Gen-
eral McClellan's staff. There are major generals
on all the staffsof the greatarmies of Europe; and
if our Army was a European army, the brigadiers
that we complain of having been put into the staff
at the head of the cavalry, at tbe head of the en-
gineer corps, and at the head of the artillery, in-
stead of bvii<g brigadier generals would be major
