328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of West Virginia—Mr. Blair.
Ho. oi? Reps.
admission into the Union of a new State, to be
called West Virginia, carved out of and within the
jurisdiction of the State ofVirginia. NoV, the first
question which naturally presents itself is, does
Congress possess that power; for, if it does not,
the whole matter is disposed of at once, and it
would be useless to pursue the subject further.
Happily for the friends of this bill the Constitu-
tion of the United States is, I think, explicit on
this point. The third section of the fourth arti-
cle reads as follows:
" New States may be admitted by tljc Congress into this
Union *, bat no new State shall be formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States, or part* of states,
without tiie assent of the Legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as vyell as of the Congress."
Now, in this case, as I have remarked before, it
is proposed to form and erect a new State within
the jurisdiction of the Stata of Virginia. Under
this clause of the Constitution, Congress has the
unquestionable right to give its consent and permit
it to be done if it sees proper to do so. The only
restriction to the exercise of this power iff, that it
must first appear that the consent of the Legisla-
ture of the State out of which the n.e w State is pro-
posed to be erected has been obtained. If, then,
I can show, Mr. Speaker, that the Legislature of
the State of Virginia, that Legislature referred to
in the clause of the Constitution which I have just
read, has given its consent to the formation of-the
proposed new State, then not only the spirit but
the letter of the Constitution will have been com-
plied with.
Mr. Speaker, I find accompanying the memorial
asking Congress to give its consent to the erection
of the proposed new State an act purporting to
have been passed by the Legislature of the State of
Virginia on the 13th day of May, 1862, the first
section of which reads as follows:
".That the consentnf the Legislature of Virginia be, and
the same is hereby, given to the formation and erection of
the State of West Virginia, within the jurisdiction of this
State, to incinde the counties of Hancock, Brooke, Ohio,
Marshall, Wetzel, Marion, Monongalia, Preston, TayJor,
Tyler, i'leasauts, Ritchie, Doddridge, Harrison, Wood,
Jackson, Wirt, Roane, Calhoun, Gilmer, Barbour,Tucker,
Lewis, Braxton, Upshur, Randolph, Mason, Putnam, fea-
imwha, Clay,Nicholas, Cabell, Wayne, Boone, Logan, Wy-
oming, Mercer, McDowell, Webster, Pocahontas, Fayette,
Raleigh,Greenbrier, Monrofi,Pendleton,Hardy, Hampshire,
and Morgan, according to the bountjarfes and under the
provisions set forth in the cohstitutioft'for'the'said State of
West Virginia, and the schedule thereto annexed, pro-
posed by the convention which assembled at Wheoiine on
the 26th day of November, 1861." ■
Here, it will be observed, is the free and unqual-
ified consent of a body styling itself the Legisla-
ture of the State of Virginia giyen to the erection
of the State of West Virginia within the jurisdic-
tion of the State of Virginia; and by the third sec-
tion of the same act, the Governor of the State is
directed to transmit said act to the Senators and
Representatives of the Commonwealth in Con-
gress, together with a certified original of the said
constitution and schedule;" and that the said Sen-
ators anil Representatives be requested to use their
endeavors to obtain the consent of Congress to
the admission of the State of West Virginia into
the Union.
Wow, was this act passed by the Legislature of
the State of Virginia contemplated by the Consti-
tution? 1 maintain it was; and that the truth of
this proposition may be the more apparent, it will
be necessary to take a brief review of what has
taken place during the last twelve or eighteen
months in the State of Virginia.
In the winter of 1860 and 1861 the Legislature
of Virginia, then in session in the city of Rich-
mond, the capital of the State, without authority
of law or the consent of the people of Virginia
called a convention of the people of the State to
meet at that place on the 14th day of February,
1861. This convention met, and in the month of
April in that year, having become inoculated with
a terrible and loathsome disease then raging in the
southern States, called secession, passed an ordi-
nance purporting to withdraw the State of Vir-
ginia from the Union, and dissolving all connec-
tion with the United States. Soon after, if not
before the passage of this ordinance, they sent
armed men to take forcible possession of all the
arms, munitions of war, and other public prop-
erty withm the State, whether belonging to the
State of Virginia or the United States. The old
flag which Washington had borne in triumph
through a seven years' war, the .ensign of our na-
tional existence, the dread of tyrants, and which
is too sacred to be touched by the hands of trac-
tors, then floating over the dome of the capitol of
the State and the custom-house, the property of
the United States, was taken down, trampled un-
der foot, and the confederate flag, the ensign of
treason, was hoisted in its place. At the head of
th is daring and wicked conspiracy against the Con-
stitution and Government of the United States,
was the Governor, lieutenant, governor, attorney
general, and nearly nil, if not all, who held office
under or had been appointed to carry on the ma-
chinery of the State. Here was an anomaly in
the history of the Stale, if not in the United States.
A State in truth and in fact still a member of the
Union, because she possessed no power to with-
draw orsever her connection, ofher volition, from
the Union, but without any agents to give direc-
tion to or keep in motion her internal machinery.
What ought the loyal people to have done under
these circumstances? The question is as easily
answered as it is asked. Suppose any given num-
ber of men were engaged in carrying on somegreat
establishment—I care not what—and all the hands
in their employ, not having the fear of God before
their eyes,\>ut being moved and instigated by the
devil, should come to the conclusion not to work
or carry on the establishment longer under the old
firm, but that they would transfer the whole con-
cern over to some new firm. What would the
owners do > Stop the business ? No, if they were
sensible men—and I am arguing on that supposi-
tion—they would get a new set of hands or agents,
take possession of the whole or such part of the
establishment as they could, and put the old ma-
chinery in motion again.
This is precisely, Mr. Speaker, the case in Vir-
ginia. The people of that State were engaged in
carrying on the State government. They had
employed a Governor to recommend, and aLegis-
lature to enact, such laws as would meet the wants,
and protect the people in the enjoyment of those
three great essentials, to secure which all repub-
lican governments are formed, namely, life,"lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness. They also
hau in their employ a Lieutenant Governor, at-
torney general, and divers other agents, to aid in
carrying on the machiney of the State. But lo,
and behold ! these seryants of the good people of
Virginia who, before entering upon the duties of
their offices, had called upon the God of the uni-
verse to bear witness that they would not only
support the constitution of Virginia, but that
which was paramount to it—the Constitution of
theUnited States; being influenced by the fell spirit
to which allusion has already been made, broke
the solemn vows that they had recorded in heaven,
committed treason against the United States, for-
feited their offices by passing and giving aid and
comfort to those who did pass the so-called ordi-
nance of secession withdrawing Virginia from the
Union,and by conveying and giving aid and com-
fort to those who did convey to the so-called south-
ern confederacy—which was at war wiih the Uni-
ted States—the entire State of Virginia, including
all her forts, arsenals, dock-yards, and munitions
of war. I repeat the question again: what should
or ought the loyal people of Virginia to have done
under these circumstances ? I answer, they ought
to have done just what they did do. They met in
convention in the city of Wheeling on the 11th
day of June, 1861, anu, among other things, they
declared—
"That the offices of all those who adhere to the said
convention and Executive, [that is, the convention which
passed the ordinance of secession and the Executive who
advised it,] wheilier legislative, executive, or judicial, are
vacated." '
They then proceeded to appoint a Governor,
Lieutenant Governor, attorney general, secretary
of State, tieaaurer, and auditor, all of which of-
fices had become vacant by the treasonable acts of
those who held them. And here 1 beg gentlemen
to mark well this fact, that this was a reorgani-
zation of the whole State, and not merely a part,
as some have supposed. The persons appointed
to iilf the various offices I have just named were
appointed to act as such for the whole Slate, and
to continue in office for six months, or until their
successors were elected and qualified.
Again: no one who had been appointed orelected
to any office within the State, and who did not
adhere to the self-styled southern confederacy,
was removed from Or disturbed in the enjoyment
of his office. The third of the series of ordinances
passed by the convention which assembled at
Wheeling on the 11th of June, 1861, was as fol-
lows:
" 3. The delegates elected to the General Assembly on
the 23d day of May last, and the senators entitled under
existing laws ,to seats in the next General Assembly, wlio
shall qualify themselves by taking the oath or affirmation
hereinafter set forth, shall constitute the Legislature of the
State, to discharge the duties and exercise the powers pei-
taining to the General Assembly. They shall hold their
offices for the terms for which they were respectively
elected. They shall assemble in the city of Wheeling on
the. day of , and proceed to organize themselves,
as prescribed by existing laws, in their respective branches.
A majority in each brancli of the members, qualified as
aforesaid, shall constitute a quorum to do business. A ma-
jonty of the members of each branch thus qualified, voting
affirmatively, shall be competent to pass any act specified
in the twenty-seventh section of the fourth article of the
constitution of the State."
Here,again, it will be observed that the delegates
elected to the General Assembly on the 23d of
May, previous to the assembling of said conven-
tion, and at the regular time fixed by the laws of
the State, as well as the senators entitled, under
the existing laws, to seats in the General Assem-
bly, together with such delegates and senators,
under the ordinances of the said convention or
existing laws to fill vacancies, who should qualify
themselves by taking the required oath, should
constitute the Legislature1 of Virginia, and that a
majority of each branch of the members qualified
thus should constitute a quorum to do business.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, was the government of Vir-
ginia reorganized and restored, and the machinery
of the State put again in motion, which has con-
tinued in motion up to this hour. What loyal
citizen in the State, let me ask, has been deprived
of the least of his rights ? None—not one.
But, sir, it is argued by some that the Legislature
of the State thus organized, and which has given its
consent to the erection of the new State, is not the
Legislature contemplated by the Constitution of
the United States, because only a minority of the
counties of the State are represented. Now, in
answer to this objection, I have this to say, that
I am one of those who believe that the loyal people
of the State constitute the citizens of the State, and
that they only are entitled to seats in, or to be
represented in the law-making power of the State.
Those who are traitors and claim to owe no alle-
giance to the Government, are to be regarded as
alien enemies, or as though they did not exist,
until they return to their allegiance. If this propo-
sition be true, then the Legislature which has
given its consent to the formation of the proposed
new State is the Legislature contemplated by the
Constitution, as a majority of the loyal citizens
of the State are represented in that body.
But, Mr. Speaker, whether I be right or wrong
in the view I have taken of the legality or consti-
tutionality of the reorganized or restored govern-
ment of Virginia, as it is called, I think it matters
but little, for I must submit whether itcan longer
be considered an open question, after its repeated
acknowledgment by not only the Executive but
the legislative branches of the Government of the
United States during the last twelve months. The
present excellent Governor of Virginia, Francis
H. Pierpont, was elected or chosen Governor of
the State on the 20th day of June, 1861, and on
that day entered upon the duties of his office. The
very next day, June 21,1861, he addressed a note
to the President of the United States, in his official
capacity, informing the President of the disturbed
condition of things in Virginia, and invoking mili-
tary force and aid from the Government of the
United States to suppress the rebellion and pro-
tect the people of the Commonwealth from domes-
tic violence, which I will read for the information
of the House:
Commonwealth of Virginia, Executive Department,
o ^ Wheeling, June 21, 1861.
c>ir: Keiiaole information has been received at thi-; de-
partment from vaiious parts at theStare that lar«e numbers#
of evil-minded persons have banded together m military or-
ganizations with intent to overthrow the government of the
Suite; and tor that purpose have called to their aid like-
imnded persons from other States, who, iu pursuance of
such call, have invaded tins Commonwealth. They are now
making war on the foyal people of the State. Thev are
pressing citizens against their consent into their military
