1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr.'MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BiDDLE. Is all debute necessarily cut off
at this time?
The SPEAKER. It will be if the previous ques-
tion is sustained.
Mr. BIDDLE. There are some of us who
would like to hear debate, if not to participate in it.
TkeSPEAKER. Does tho gentleman withdraw
the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I decline to do
so, and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Chamberlin were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-five, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was ordered to be put; and
being put, the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the report of the sclect committee on Government
contracts.
The resolutions reported by the committee were
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to decline making any fuither payment to the parties inter-
ested m the steamboat Catahne, on account of the charter
of said vessel by the United States on the 35 th day of April,
1861.
liesoZi'cdl, That the Sceretarv of the Treasury be requested
to adju*t the claim against the Government tor the five thou-
sand Hall caihinci, put chased through Simon Steven-!,
Esq., by General John (\ Fremont, on tho Gth day of August,
186J, and altenvaids deliveied at the United States arsenal
at the city of St. Louis, on the basis of a s=alt; ofbuch ann«s
to tho Government for $12 50 each, rejecting all other de-
mands against the Government on account ot the purchase
ot *aid arm*.
Resolved, That the practice of employing irie-,pf>nsihIo
parties, having no official connection with the Government,
in the performance ot public dutie* which may he propei iy
pci formed by regular officers of the Government, and of pur-
chasing bv pi ivate contract supplies lor the diffeientDepait-
incms, where open and fair competition might he propei ly
invited by reasonable adveielements loi piopo.-al-, is in-
jurious to the public service, and moots the unqualified dis-
appiobation of this IJou->o.
Tho SPEAKER stated that there were several
amendments pending-, and that the question im-
mediately before the House was on the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
to amend the second resolution by striking1 out the
word "through." in the third line, and inserting
"from" in lieu thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to postpone the
first of the resolutions for two weeks for reasons
stated on Fnday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Ip resume, then, the second
resolution is before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment
to the second resolution, and offer the following
as a substitute for the resolution:
Resolved, That nothing has occurred to lessen our confi-
dence in the honotv, integrity, and patriotism of Major
General John C. IV'inont.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I raise a pointof order
on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it
Mr. WASHBURNE. The point of order is,
that the amendment is not germane to the resolu-
tion, which is a direction to the Secretary of the
Treasury with regard lo the settlement of claims
for arms.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a report relating to a
transaction of John C. Fremont, and I say that
this is a resolution of censure upon him by its
very operation.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The resolution is one directing the set-
tlement of accounts, and the Chair does not sue
how the amendment can be germane to that. The
resolution provides for settling the accounts of
cut tain persons; the amendment proposes a vote
of confluence in a certain individual.
Mr. STEVENS. I contend that ihis is really
a vote of censure for the purchase of these arms.
The SPEAKER. That addresses itself to the
discretion of the House, and not to the decision
of the Chair, on the point of relevancy.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir,I cannot help think-
ing it is germane, but I do not like to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I withdraw my
amendment for the present, and renew the motion
to strike out " through" and insert " from."
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, I am grate-
ful to the House for their kindness and courtesy
in permitting these resolutions to stand over un-
til to-day out of regard to my convenience. I shall
endeavor to discuss one of the subjects presented
in the report of the investigating committee, and
to discuss it upon its merits, endeavoring in all I
may say upon the subject to avoid anything im-
pertinent to the matter under consideration or
personal to any member of the House.
The committee had occasion, among other
things, to examine certain-transactions in the
Navy Department, and from that examination
they have arrived at certain conclusions which I
propose to controvert. The committee say and
insist that in the purchase of the vessels which
the circumstances of the times had rendered ne-
cessary, it was proper for the Navy Department
to employ naval officers of experience in that ser-
vice, and that they from their habits of life, their
expencncc, their knowledge of naval affairs, their
education and training, were more competentand
better prepared to do that service to the advant-
ageof the Government than any mercantile agency
out of the Department and out of the line of its
officers which could be employed. They insist
that they should be men who are subject to mili-
tary discipline, and to exemplary and prompt pun-
ishment for any misconduct; but that if officer,3 of
the Navy could not be employed for that pur-
pose, then the business should be intrusted to
those having experience in sea life, and in the
building or sailing of vessels, and competent to
know of the character, capacity, and value of the
various vessels offered to the Government. They
complain through the entire report that the pur-
chasing of vessels, which was commenced upon
their principles by an experienced officer of the
Navy, was taken from him and committed to a
man who had been engaged all his life in commer-
cial pursuits, and they insist upon it that this
change in the agency of the Government was at-
tended with loss and damage to the Government;
that it was a novel experiment; that it was with-
out precedent and without law, and which, in-
stead of securing benefit to the public service, will
result in loss to tt. In accordance with that res-
olution, the committee reported the third of this
series of resolutions, which is as follows:
That the pi act ice of employing irresponsible parties, hav-
ing no official connection with the Government, in the per-
formance of public duties which maybe properly pciformed
by regular offiecis of the Governmenl, and ot purchasing
by private eontiacf supplies for the difieient Departments,
where open and fair competition might be pioperly invited
by reasonable ndveitiscment for proposals, is injurious to
the public seivice, and meets the unqualified disapproba-
tion of this House.
That is the resolution of tho. committee. One
member of the committee, Mr. Holman, of Indi-
ana 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is not in order to call members by name. The
Chair called attention to it the other day. It is
contrary to parliamentary rule.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 did it merely for the
purpose of calling his attention and to give him
an opportunity, which I understand he desires, of
separating from the resolutions of the committee
the resolution which he introduced; not from the
committee, but upon his own personal respons-
ibility.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose
of submitting the question mote definitely, I will
modify the amendment which I offered to the |
fourth of the series of the resolutions, by sub- j
stituting for it the following: j
Resolved* That Simon Cameion, late Secretary of War, ;
by inventing Alexander Cummin^ with the control of large '
sums of the public money, and authority to purchase rnih- j
taiy supplies, without jcotuction, without requiting horn
him any guarantee Jot the faithful perfoimanee of his dune*?, ;
when the services of competent public officers were avail- I
able, and by involving the Goveinmcnl in avast number j
of contract-? with persons not legitimately engaged in the I
business- pertaimn? t<> the subject-matter of «.ueh eontiact-% {
especially in the puteha^o ot aims lot future dehveiy, lias ;
adopted a pi>kc> insiily mjuiious to the public service, and
dcs-eivcb the rename of the IIoiw.
Revolt cd} That the Secretary of the Xavy, in the employ-
1 merit of George D, Morgan, without requiting fiomlum any
guarantee for the faithful performance of his duties in the
purchase of a large number of vessels for the public use, with
a compensation dependent on the prices paid for such ves-
sels, and teccivable from the seller, instead of employing
responsible officers of the Government, has adopted a policy
unauthouzed by law, de&tructive of public economy and
public confidence, and deserves the censure of this House.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I propose, if it be proper
now, to offer an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. That amendment can bo
offered afterwards.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to offer it now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York declines to yield.
Mr. SEDGWICK addressed the House for an
hour and a quarter,(his time havingbeen extended
by unanimous consent.) [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman give
way for a moment to permit me to offer an amend-
ment?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman will
have another opportunity. I prefer not to yield
at present.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not wish to discuss
it. I merely desire to get the amendment before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If I were not impelled by a
sense of duty to defend gentlemen who have been
calumniated in this report and upon this floor, yet
I am sure it would be expected of me to make
some reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and that he would
feel that he was treated with neglect if I wholly
omitted that duty. [Laughter.] I shall, there-
fore, I trust, in a spirit of calmness, and certainly
without any further personalities than are un-
avoidable in the discussion of this report, proceed
to make a few remarks. I shall argue this ques-
tion in. re, and not in persona, any further than
tho person sticks to the thing. And certainly no
member of the committee will be brought in ques-
tion in the remarks I shall make, except the
honorable member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] for no other member has said anything
which can be considered as personal or unkind.
The gentleman from Massachusetts on Friday
last announced to the House that lie had notified
me that he was about to piocced to call up these
resolutions, but that I had deemed it proper to be
absent on that occasion notwithstanding that no-
tice. I had expected from the candor of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts one further remark,
which I am sure he omitted through mere forget-
fulness, which was that 1 was about leaving the
House when he informed me that he would call
up this matter, and that I told him that I had an
appointment which I could not forego with stran-
gers about to leave the city, but that I supposed I
should have an opportunity of seeing his remarks
in the papers, unless he should think proper to
postpone the discussion of the subject until Mon-
day. If he determined, however, to call up the
subject and proceed with the discussion, I hoped
he would mention the circumstances to the House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts did not men-
tion the latter fact, and I was indebted to my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] for bringing that in-
formation to the attention of the House, so that
no harm was done. I merely ftiention the circum-
stance. I make no complaint at all.
The gentleman from Massachusetts further com-
plains that while all the members of his commit-
tee were absent—I have no doubt very usefully
and properly employed, some of them wandering
about in New York, some in Pennsylvania, some
in Ohio, and others to the four quarters of the
globe, tracking these rogues that they have been
pursuing with such commendable industry—some
remarks were made in this House reflecting upon
the integrity of their report.
Now, Mr. Speaker, you know, and the House
know, that the discussion which took place on
that occasion was not voluntary on the part of
those who rose to defend the characters of poisons
assailed in that report. The learned gentleman
from New York [Mr. Diven] introduced a reso-
lution, which I do not say was called up on that
day on his motion. I do not recollect how it came
up. Upon that resolution he made a speech,able,
eloquent, somewhat bitter, against the gentlemen
who were named in his resolution, which sought
