1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2809
do so, I will change my amendment, and instead
of striking out the last part of section fourteen, I
move to strike out a portion of the first part of
that section, I move to strike out all after the
word " required," in the second line of section
fourteen, as far as the word " and," in line twen-
ty-seven; and then, in the twenty-ninth and thir-
tieth lines, to strike out the words " then said cor-
poration shall," and insert " to;" so as to let the
company build the Sioux City branch, and strike
out the Omaha branch. Let us see whether that
wili suit Senators any better.
Mr. WADE. I do not expect to argue this
question much; butif I took the same view of this
subject that my friend from Maine does, I have
no doubt we should come to the same conclusion;
but I do not view the importance of the work in
the same light that I think he does. If I believed
that any one of these branches was entirely use-
. less, I could not be induced to vote for it. If I did
not believe that all these lines converging to one
common end would be beneficial to the country,
I should be the last man to expend money or
pledge the credit of the Government upon them.
But the country through which these roads pass
is a wild country. Much of it, however, is fer-
tile, and capable of a dense population, but it will
never be inhabited until you perforate it with rail-
roads or some means of easy communication with
the central parts of the country, it is not because
many similar roads are useful to a particular lo-
cality that we have already expended such vast
amounts of money on them; it is because they
open up a country that is useless without them,
to be of immense importance to the nation after
they are made. I do not believe there is one of
these roads that will not, when built, induce a set-
tlement in a very short time along the boidersand
within a reasonable distance of it, that will be of
more interest to this country, in a pecuniary point
of view, than the cost of the enterprise. It will
cause your wilderness to be settled; it will cause
men of property to inhabit the country; it will add
vast and rich settlements to the wealth of the na-
tion. In the receipt of customs duties on foreign
goods in ten years, they will pay you more than
any branch will cost.
I believe no one will say that any of these
branches will not be useful to the country through
which it is to pass. I do not, believe there is any-
body here who will argue that they will not ulti-
mately be worth all that it will cost to build them,
even if they were not connected with and neces-
sary to the common design. My opinion is that
all this great region which is now so destitute of
inhabitants, so destitute of wealth, and conse-
quently of the means of constructing these thor-
oughfares, ought to receive some aid from the Gen-
eral Government to do it. Even independent of
the construction of this great enterprise, a road to
the Pacific, if these branch roads should ask some
assistance from the General Government for their
construction, they would find me very friendly to
that measure. I have not been unobservant of the
manner in which your great western wilderness
has been built up so as to astonish the world, by
means of the railroads that have been constructed
through it. I do not belteve you can find a single
section where those roads have been built in which
what has been said here might not have been said
when they were proposed. Yea, sir, it was said,
and argued by the hour and by the day and by the
month, that they were mere local enterprises for
private speculation; but after the Government had
lent its aid, after the work had been constructed,
it was at once seen that the wilderness along their
borders was improved, that the nation was en-
riched, that its capabilities were enhanced infinitely
more than enough to repay all the expense you
had laid out upon it. I look upon these branches
in the same light. They all reach out the main
trunk extending through fertile regions commu-
nicating with the eastern markets, and opening up
facilities to your mines, and in every way are cal-
culated to build up the best interests of this great
rind growing country. But now, as it is sparse,
as the inhabitants are without the means of doing
these great things, they ask the aid of the Gov-
ernment.
I do not look with critical and narrow eye to
the construction of these roads. It is enough for
me to say that the bill is framed on such princi-
ples that it will not be likely to burden the Treas-
ury while the Government lends its beneficent aid
to the construction of these great and laudable
works which are calculated to build up your
Government more than anything else you can do.
What the Senator from Maine says may be true,
that if we had one trunk through the interior,
reaching from the East to the West, it would be
all that we ought to interest ourselves in. That
would perform one purpose, going from the East
to the West; but it would fall far short of opening
up that rich country that is now a wilderness
and will remain so until the Government shall
lend its aid to make the eastern terminus of this
great road what it ought to be. Your road will be
a solitary place, as I said before, if you do not
connect it with enterprises that will build up the
country at each end.
But my proposition is that these works are all
independently worthy of the aid of the Govern-
ment, and especially as connected with this great
enterprise, for they are all ancillary to it, all aid
in its construction, all are interested in the per-
formances of it, all furnish the strongest motives
for those located upon the branches to lend then-
influence to the construction of the grand design,
and the Government is not going to lose by it.
I_ know it may be said we want only one track
right through from ocean to ocean. That is very
well; we do want that, Indeed, that is indis-
pensable in my judgment; but these aids, these
tributaries are all, independently of it, worthy of
the support of the Government; and as they har-
monize fancied interests, as they all connect with
this great country and with every part of it, giving
them a national character, I do not wish to be
critical. I believe the country will be benefited
just as much, ay more, by constructing the whole
of these roads, than it will be by constiucting one
single track. It will lend interest to the great
measure; it will enlist thousands of men in the
grand enterprise; it will make it all go easily and
will help all; it will be satisfactory to all, while
the country will lose nothing by its enterprise, but
on the other hand as I regard it, it will tend to
build up and strengthen your country in a pecu-
niary, in a military, and in every other way you
choose to consider it, to a degree infinitely above
the cost. It is such considerations that brought me
to assent to the bill, not only as to the main trunk
but as to all these branches.
I satisfied myself that they were all works that
oughtto be aided, ail works thatwhen constructed
would minister greatly to the benefit of this great
nation. Believing that, I would not stop to see
whether there might not be peculiar local interests
connected with them. Indeed I am glad that there
are local interests concerned in them. Everything
that conspires to build up the great West, to peo-
ple it with a thrifty, industrious set of inhabitants,
pleases me. I am glad to lend aid to it anywhere
and everywhere, and I do not therefore grudge
the consideration that these branches may benefit
in a greater degree some peculiar location than
others, because it is in the very nature of the en-
terprise in which you are engaged. Local inter-
ests will be enhanced, go wheie you will. That
should not bo an objection to any work, bccause
the local and the general interests are connected
in every work of the kind you can construct. I
believe that they are all worthy of our consideia-
tion, that the country will be benefited by them,
and therefore I go for them. I do not contend
that you cannot construct the main road without
the branches. I find no fault that the bill stops
short of the eastern terminus, nor that it provides
for these branches. It is natural that the poor
people scattered over this immense wilderness
should be anxious to have a connection with this
great thoroughfare, and I am willing that they
should have it, especially when in my judgment
the interests of the country are not to be dimin-
ished but enhanced by their construction. It is
these considerations that have brought me not
only to support the grand work but all the branches
provided for in the bill.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If I recollect aright, when
the Pacific railroad bill was before the Senate a
little more than a year ago, it was then just as
strongly insisted upon that there should be one or
two branches on the Pacific coast, as it is now in-
sisted upon that there shall be several branches in
the neighborhood of the Missoun river. I remem-
ber the discussion, which was quite lengthy, on
that point, and we had a map presented on which
was laid down a route running away up towaids
Vancouver's Island, for the benefit of Oregon;
and, if I mistake not, the bill as it passed the Sen-
ate then, passed in that shape. I well remember
that a Senator who was here at that time from
Oregon and others from the Pacific coast insisted
upon that additional termination or branch with
as much energy and as much force and as much
fervor as Senators now insist upon these various,
multifarious branches at this end of the road.
What has become of the necessity of that branch.'
What change lias occurred as to the necessity or
want of necessity for the construction of a branch
of that kind? These things—I say it most respect-
fully—originate, as most other matters of public
interest originate, somewhat in private and local
interests.
I believe the people of the Atlantic States are
perfectly willing, I know they are willing, to con-
struct a Pacific railroad, and I think they are per-
fectly willing to give it such branches at the eastern
end as shall benefit the northern and central por-
tions of the States in the western part of the Union,
so that the people in those States may have the
opportunity of approaching the main trunk; and
I think that is all that our friends in the North
and middle and even in the Southwest, too, ought
to ask at our hands. I think that if the old States,
the Atlantic States, accord with that request, they
are doing as much as our brethren have a right to
ask of us, and I know we are desirous to gratify
their wishes in this particular.
The Senatorfrom Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson]
says he is satisfied the public voice demands, and
judging from the tone of the newspapers the coun-
try is generally in favor of a Pacific railroad. It
undoubtedly is, but not a Pacific railroad with
many branches toinvolve an expenditure of untold
millions of dollars. In all the public organized
bodies which have passed resolutions upon the sub-
ject they have been confined to the subject-matter
of a Pacific railroad bill, not one that has as many
heads as a hydra. In all the public discussions at
the hustings and everywhere else, in all the public
meetings (if I may speak of parties in this con-
nection) of the Republican party of the North and
East, pledging themselves to a measure of this
kind, it was to the construction of a Pacific rail-
road; and we never hear of a Pacific railroad bill
with these many branches until we come into Con-
gress and a law is about to be framed for the pur-
pose of authorizing the construction of that work.
Then for the first time, at least so far as our people
are concerned, we hear of a road to be constructed
upon this principle, and it is said that without it
110 road can be constructed, because it will not
give satisfaction to the representatives of the dif-
ferent western States upon the Missouri and the
Mississippi.
It is said that the bill in this form has been
agreed upon by the House of Representatives. I
pay great respect to, and have great deference for,
the combined wisdom of the House of Represent-
atives in relation to this matter; but I will say to
the Senator from Kansas who made that argu-
ment that, while I have that high respect and pay
that great deference to them, I am not to be bound
by their action when they undertake to make it a
matter of bargain and compromise to suit their
own interests and their own local advantage, and
then ask us, in addition to the almost untold mil-
lions necessary to construct the main trunk, to
spend or lend many millions more for branches m
various directions. I say " spend or lend;" for I
consider it in the light of an expenditure, because
I have very little expectation of its ever being re-
paid; and 1, for one, will never insist on its repay-
ment provided the general results accrue to the
country which I expect. Under these circum-
stances, I think they ought not to ask us, or in-
sist upon our adhering to a bargain or compromise
made in the other House, by which our rights arc
so greatly affected and our interests ceded away.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There seems to be still
some misapprehension with regard to the amount
of charge on the Government on account of these
branches. I wish to repeat what I said before, m
reply to the remarks of the Senator from Maine.
He speaks of the branches involving an expend-
iture of §50,000,000. The araouut of bonds to be
issued by the Government for the branches can bo
readily computed; it is within the range of figures;
and it does not exceed $G,000,000, putting them
all together, and leaving out the Leavenworth
branch, which has been already stricken Out.
