1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1840
the direction of this House to proceed to recover
money illegally retained, as was alleged, by Ma-
jor General Fiemont and Mr. Beard. And he
"founded his authority and justification for such an
extraoidmaryproceedingjwith which, in my hum-
ble judgment, we had nothing more to do than we
have with these resolutions, for they are all be-
yond the jurisdiction of the House—he founded
his resolution upon what he called the condemna-
tion of these men by the report of this committee.
Now, it would have been possible for those who
were disposed to see justice done by this House
to do one of two things: either to sit quietly by
and suffer this charge to go forth as true, or to im-
peach the testimony upon wh'ch the gentleman
from New York founded it. We pursued the lat-
ter course. It is true that when the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] called our at-
tention to the fact that the committee were not
here, we might have stopped at once and allowed
the House to condemn the other gentlemen who
were never here, without a hearing. That would
have been, I suppose, what the gentleman fioni
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] would call " even-
handed justicc," that 13, even-handed ci la mode
the report of this committee. [Laughter.]
But, sir, passing over that, the gentleman com-
plained that those who defended the gentleman
against the charges of this report, charged that the
report itself contained fraudulent representations,
false representations, injurious, calumnious rep-
resentations against several parties.
Well, sir, it shall be my humble task here to
prove every one of these ehaiges, not by invoking
facts that have not been brought befoi e the IIouso,
not by giving my version of testimony which may
be locked up in my breast, not by quoting what ;
may have been reported in the newspapeis, bull ;
shall attempt to ptove them by what would bo le- 1
gitimate legal evidence before any jiuy in any ,
court of justice in the land. If I fail in that, I
will not attempt to support my position by other
means.
Preliminary to that, however, I will .say that I
think I have a right to complain that this com- :
mittec have not conducted their investigations in
a manner which I call fair. That is to say, when
they proceeded to investigate the frauds of any
gentleman connected with the Government or not
connected with it, they gave such person no no-
tice of it, they furnished him with no copy of the
evidence supposed to implicate lum, and they
alToidrd him no oppoitumiy to call witnesses to
explain the testimony against him or to recall the
witnesses whose testimony, as is alleged, goes to
impeach his conduct.
Mr. FENTON. 1 cannot say what the prac-
tice of the committee may have been in Ohio or
on the Mississippi, where they have held their
sessions; hut so far as I know, the practice pur-
sued by them in New York, in flarrisburg, and
in this city, at the sessions of the committee when
I have been present, the practice which the gen-
tleman condemns lias not been pursued by the com-
mittee. I cannot call to mind one instance where
the committee have failed to seive upon the party
accused a copy of the testimony bearing upon him,
or have not afforded him ample opportunity foi
personal explanation. Beyond the sessions of the
committee m the places 1 have named, 1 have 110
information other than that in the possession of
every member of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That has been the gen-
eral practice of the committee everywhere.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. The documents,
however, do not show it, and I am sure the swuin
testimony will not show it. 1 know that in New
Yoi k application was several times made to have
witnesses subpenaed, and yet the committee never
issued such subpenas. I am quite sure that such
was the fact m reference to General Fremont. At
least I believe it to be so. I think it was so in re-
gard to Mr. Cummings; and in 110 case, so far as
I recollect, does the journal of the committee show
that they pursued tii.it course.
Mr. DAWES. What does the gentleman say
in reference to Mr. Cummings?
Mr. STEVENS. I spoke of a single instance
when it was desired that Mr. Blatchford should be
subpenaed; but he was not subpenaed.
Mr. DAWES. That was sufficiently set forth
in the debate thcothci day, and I supposed every-
body understood it; hut of cotuse the gentleman
from Pennsylvania did not.
Mr. STEVENS. Did the gentleman issue a
subpena for Mr. Blatchfordr
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the gentleman does
not refer to me individually.'
Mr. STEVENS. I mean the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly they did.
Mr. STEVENS. But was that before the re-
port was filed ?
Mr. DAWES. We gave the invitation before
the report was filed.
Mr. STEVENS. Ah!
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman knows that
before the report was made an appointment was
made to meet Mr. Blatchford, bijt when he did not
appear, the committee then had a subpena issued
to compel liis appearance. The gentleman knows
that.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not know it.
Mr. DAWES. I perceive tlmt the gentleman
does not know it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 say that General Fre-
mont had notice given to him.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania will yield to me right here I will state
that Mr. Simon Stevens, a gentleman who feels
aggrieved by one of the resolutions, called upon
tiie committee, and the committee told him to go
to General Fremont and inquire of him when it
would be most agreeable for him to appear be-
fore the committee. They wanted him to fix his
own time, and the committee would accomniodatc
him.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose he would have
answered a subpena. But the journal of the com-
mittee shows precisely what 1 have stated—that
110 notice was given and no testimony furnished
to the accused. I find in the journals of a former
select committee on naval contracts that they not
only gave the pai ty implicated notice, but a copy
of the testimony implicating him. I sec in the
Globe that Mr. Wade, a Senator from Ohio,and
chairman of another select committee, made this
declination:
" We sointht 110 evidence to impeach any mail, and if tiie
evidence t-i-em^d to impulse on tile ei echini ay, the louUly,
or the cliar.ictei of any man, we --oUL'Ilt that   ami laid
hefoie hull the course of the evidence, and tile mattcis
wiieiem he was inculpated."
A woithy and just example, which I regret cx-
treniely that this committee, which has so large
an influence upon the public mind, lias not fol-
lowed, and given notice 111 the case I have referred
to. I know, sir, that the Spanish inquisition
j may be cited on the other side. They did business
just as this committcee have done it. But as
'worthier examples for imitation, I would -have
preferred those of Senator Wade and the com-
mittee on naval contracts. But all of this is inci-
dental.
I do not object to these interruptions, but as
they occupy my time, I hope that the House will
not object to my continuing beyond my hour, if
necessary, 111 order to finish my remarks.
Now, sir, I have said that there were fraudu-
lent leports. I will have to take a single instance
because 1 shall not have an opportunity to reier
to more than half of this book; [laughter;] and
these gentlemen, they sny, have something in re-
serve which they will make public at another time.
I am U .1 to believe from the mysterious hints
which have fallen from the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that they have enough behind to answer
|j for all that it is necessary to kill. They can, no
i| doubt, very easily fill their quivers with arrows of
the sort they have ahcady shot at the characters
| of others.
!l I will give one or two example*. They under-
take to censure the Secretary of War foi his ap-
pointment of Governor Morgan and Alexander
Cummings, at the tune we were blockaded here,
to forward men and supplies to the Government
here. There is nothing brought against the char-
acter of the men here. They stand before the
world nmmpeached and unimpeachable so far as
the case in controversy is concerned. It was ne-
cessary in older to implicate the Secretary oi War
that something should bo made outot the impro-
priety and fraud of any of his appointees.
T will mention, in this connection, that until my
|1 personal relation toward the Secretary ot War be-
came the topic of discussion and denunciation by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, 1 never ltien-
i tionfd the name of General Cameron. Heretofore
11 I have never mentioned his name in connection
with this report. I dtd speak of the transaction
of Alexander Cummings, but not of the Secretary
of War.
Let us see whether General Cameron is to be
censured for appointing Mr. Cummings. That is
the only .ground of cenaure. The committee may
have in their reserve magazine other grounds which
they are not now willing to publish to us. If this
does not kill, they are to bring out other weapons.
They charge Mr. Cummings, who was appointed
to purchase supplies and forward them, in connec-
tion with Governor Morgan, with receiving and
not accounting for $140,000 of the public money,
I say that that is a false charge. I did not under-
stand the committee exactly confirmed that fact;
but we have in this report elaborately—well, not
elaborately, for they could not devote too much
time to one victim, they had so many to skin
[laughter]—but we have most distinctly the charge
that"Mr. Cummings had $140,000 more in his pos-
session than he testified to in his testimony, and
that he has not accounted for it. I say that the
testimony does not show that he has one dollar of
the kind. 1 said before, in answer to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, who said that he might
have settled it with the War Department, that he
knew lie could not have settled it there.
Mr. DAWES. I do not soc my colleague on
he committee here.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] is right in front of me.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague can inform the
House that those vouchers are still unsettled be-
fore the Department, although the gentleman got
somewhat angry because I would not admit that
they were settled.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman did not pro-
fess anything.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman seemed to know,
because he positively asserted that they were set-
tled.
Mr. STEVENS. I asked the gentleman if he
did not know they were. My colleague states
that the accounts have been settled.
Mr. IvELLEY." I have information that the
members of the committee have been misinformed
on this subject, and that every dollar of these ac-
counts has been settled.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Will the gentleman permit
me ?
A'Ir. STEVENS. The gentleman will follow
me.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I want to say a word right
here. An issue of fact is made whether these ac-
counts arc settled.
Mr. STEVENS. Whether his vouchers are
filed and settled.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter which I send to his desk.
The Cleik read, as follows:
TiiiiAscitv Department, Third Auditor's Office,
Jlltnl 23,1863.
Sir : In icply to vour letter of tin* date, in which you
inquire, 111 behalf ot the Government contract committee,
"in what manner the account* ot Alexandei (Jammings,
13,(1.,n cnt lor the War Department 111 tiie monlhsof Apiil
and May, 1861, have-been settled," 1 have the honor to in-
form yon that such account*, with receipts and vouclieis
peitiuniint liieieto, nic on file 111 tins office, hul have not
vet been settled.
Very lespeetlully, vour obedient seivant,
It. J. ATKINSON, Auditor.
Hon. W. S. Houiax, House of Rcprcm'tatiims.
Mr. KELLEY. This gentleman undoubtedly
has a icceipt in full through Mr. Cisco, and a
| draft for the balance on hand.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Who executed the receipt? I
! undertake to say that the accounts have not been
| settled; that they have never passed through any
j Department of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that he has filed
his vouchers for every dollar.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want an answer to my
Question.
* Mr. KELLEY. I will answer it by saying
that I am not as skilled in mousing as some ot the
gentlemen of tins committee, and have not exam-
ined the copy of the receipt, but it is a icceipt
from the proper officer of the Government. It is
a full receipt, and such as would be satisfactory
in any court.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman state the
name of the otiieer ^
'j Ml- KELLEY. 1 tell the gentleman I am not
i sufficiently skilled 111 the practice of mousing to
l! be able to give him the information he asks.
