1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
37th Com...2d Sess.
Admission of West Virginia—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
organization) and seizing and appropriating their prouertv
to aid m the rebellion. F J
I have not at my Command sufficient military force to
suppress tiiis rebellion and violence. The Legislature can-,
not he convened in time to act in the premises; it therefore
becomes my duty, as Governor of this Commonwealth, to
call on the Government of the United States for aid to re-
press such rebellion and violence.
I therefore earnestly request that you will furnish a mili-
tary force to aid in suppressing the rebellion, and to protect
the good people of this Commonwealth from domestic vio-
lence.
t have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient
servant, p. H. PIERPONT, Governor.
His Excellency the President of the United States.
To this note the President of the United States,
through the Secretary of War, Mr. Cameron,
made the following reply:
War Department, Washington,
June 25, 1861.
Sir: In reply to your application of the 21st instant, for
the aid of the Federal Government to repel from Virginia
the lawless invaders now perpetrating every species of out-
rages upon persons and property, throughout a large portion
of the State, the President directs me to say that a large
additional force will soon be sent to your relief.
The full extent of the conspiracy against popular rights,
which has culminated in the atrocities to which you refer,
was not known when its outbreak took place at Charleston.
It now appears that it was matured for many years by se-
cret organizations throughout the country, especially in the
slave States. By this means, when the President called
upon Virginia, in April, for its quota of troops then deemed
necessary to put it down in the States in which it had
shown itselflii arms, the call was responded to by an order
from the chief confederate in Virginia to hisarmed follow-
ers, to seize the navy-yard at Gosport; and the authorities
of the State, who had till then shown repugnance to the
plot, found themselves stripped of all actual power, and af-
terwards were manifestly permitted to retain the empty
forms of office only because they consented to use them at
the bidding of the invaders.
The President, however, never supposed that a brave and
tree people, though surprised and unarmed, could long be
subjugated by a class of political adventurers always ad-
verse to them; and the fact that they have already rallied,
reorganized their government, and checked the march of
these invaders, demonstrates how justly he appreciated
them.
The failure, hitherto, of the State authorities, in conse-
quence of the circumstances to which I have adverted, to
organize its quota of troops called for by the President, im-
posed upon him the necessity of providing himself for their
organization ; and this has been done to some extent- But
instructions have now been given to the agents of the Fed-
eral Government to proceed hereafter under your direction?,
and the company and field officers will be commissioned by
yoxi.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Francis H. Pierpont,
Governor Commonwealth of Virginia, Wheeling, Va.
Here, Mr. Speaker, is an unqualified recogni-
tion of (rovernor Pierpont as the Governor of the
State of Virginia, and of the restored government
thereof, as early as the 21st day of June, 1861.
Again, on the 26th of the same month, in the
same year, the Secretary of the Interior inclosed
Governor Pierpont, as Uovernor of Virginia, the
following certificate:
Department or the Interior, Washington.
To His Excellency Francis H. Pierpont, Governor of the
Commonwealth of Virginia;
I, Caleb B. Smith, Secretary of the Interior, do hereby
certify that, in discharge of the duty devolved on me by the
provisions of an act of Congress, approved May 23, 1850,
entitled "An act providing for the taking of the seventh and
subsequent censuses of the United States, and to fix the
number of the members-of the House of Representatives,
and provide for their future apportionment among the several
States" as provided for by said act in the manner directed by
the twenty-fifth section thereof. And i do further certify
that the Commonwealth of Virginia is entitled to eleven
(11) members in the House of Representatives for the
Thirty-Eighth Congiess, and until another apportionment
slial! foe made according to law.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed my
r 1 name and caused the seal of the Department of
l1" 5'J the Interior to be affixed, this 25th day of June,
A. D. 1861.
CALEB B. SMITH.
I could multiply the evidence from the same
department of the Government, but I deem it
unnecessary to do so.
Now, sir, how is it with the legislative depart-
ment of this Government? Has it not in more
than one instance not only recognized Governor
Pierpont as the Governor of Virginia, but the
Legislature which has given its consent, for the
purpose already stated, to be the legitimate gov-
ernment of the State of Virginia? In proof of
this fact, I will first cite my own case. Hon.
John S. CiRLri.e having resigned his seat in
this House, a vacancy thereupon occurred in the
eleventh congressional district of Virginia. The
Constitution of the United States provides " that
when vacancies happen in the representation from
any State the executive authority thereof shall
issue writs of election to fill such vacancies." In
compliance with this clause of the Constitution,
Governor Pierpont issued a writ of election to fill
the vacancy I have referred to. I had the honor
to be returned by the good people of the eleventh
congressional district, at that election, and on the
first day of the present session I came here, and
on the motion of my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] I was permitted to take my seat as
a member of this House, and up to this hour have
heard no one question the right, or doubt the au-
thority of Governor Pierpont to issue the writ of
election, or in any way contest my right to a seat
here. Then, here, again, is the case of my es-
teemed friend and colleague from the first con-
gressional district, [Mr. Segar,] "who came here
under similar circumstances to mine; and he, too,
and I think veryjustly, was permitted to be sworn
in and take his seat as a member of this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I maintain that these offi-
cial acts of Governor Pierpont, which have thus
received sanction and approval of not only the
Executive of the United States, but of this House,
estop every member on this floor from calling in
question the legality or constitutionality of either
of the three coordinate branches of the restored
government of Virginia.
But, sir, if there be a member on this floor who,
after all this evidence, still entertains even a lin-
gering doubt whether the Legislature of the reor-
ganized government ofVirginiaisin pointoffact
the Legislature of the entire State ofVirginia, that
doubt should be removed by the fact that the Sen-
ate of the United States has, by an almost unan-
imous vote, admitted to seats in that body two
gentlemen who were chosen-by this very Legis-
lature to represent the State ofVirginia in the Sen-
ate of the United States. Let us turn to that clause
of the Constitution of the United States which
points out the manner in which the Senators are
chosen, and see if the language employed is not
precisely the same as is used in the clause of the
same providing for the admission into the'Union
of new States formed within the jurisdictio.n of
another State. It reads thus:
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislatures
thereof."
Mark you, they are to be chosen by the "Legis-
latures" of the States. Now, sir, it is manifest
that the Senate of the United States committed a
graveerrorin admitting the two gentlemen I have
referred to as Senators from and to represent the
State of Virginia in that body if they were not
chosen by the Legislature of the State of Virginia.
I ask members of this House if they are prepared
to say, by casting their votes against this bill, that
that learned and dignified body, chosen on account
of their ability, learning, and moral worth, have,
by admitting to seats on the floor of the Senate the
two Senators from Virginia, trampled under foot
the Constitution which they had sworn to support.
I think not. If, then, the Legislature of the restored
government is the proper and legitimate Legisla-
ture to choose Senators to represent the State of
Virginia in the Senate of the United States, it fol-
lows, I think, as a logical conclusion, that it pos-
sesses the power and is the proper body to give
its consent to the erection of a new State within
the jurisdiction of the State of Virginia. In other
words, if it be the Legislature of Virginia for any
of the purposes mentioned in the Constitution of
the United States, it possesses the power to ex-
ercise all the functions conferred on the Legisla-
ture of the State by that instrument.
Mr. Speaker, having now, as I think, shown
that the Legislature of the restored government of
Virginia is the legitimate and constitutional Legis-
lature ofVirginia, and consequently possessed of
full power to give the consent required by the
Constitution of the United States to the formation
and erection of the proposed new State, I now pro-
pose to offer some reasons why Congress should
not withhold its conscnt to the admission of West
Virginia into tj^e Union. But before proceeding
to do so, I desire to disabuse the minds of all those
who may be laboring under the impression that
this project of erecting a new State within the
jurisdiction of Virginia has been set on foot and
the idea suggested since the commencement of
this war. Nothing, sir, could be further from the
facts. The question of the division of the State
has not only been suggested, but to a greater or
less extent agitated for the last forty years.
The desire of the people west of the Alleghany
mountains to be separated from those residing east
of the mountains, has grown out of causes wholly
unconnected with this war, and of which I will
speak before I conclude my remarks.
I have always thought, and still think, that there
are but few who will take the trouble to examine
the map of the State ofVirginia who will not be
convinced that not only justice demands that the
people occupying the western slope of the Allegha-
ny mountains should be permitted to form a new
State out of rtiat territory in order that they might
pass laws suitable to their own wants and peculiar
condition, but that it is the interest of those resid-
ing east of that range of mountains that such a sep-
aration should be made. What commercial inter-
course, let me ask, exists between them? None,
literally none. My colleague in the Senate, in that
excellent speech of his delivered on presenting the
memorial to that body asking that Western Vir-
ginia might be admitted into the Union,gave itas
his opinion that there had not been over fifty thou-
sand dollars of traffic and commerce between the
two sections during the last twenty years. I
thought the estimate a high one, and so remarked
to my colleague from the tenth district, [Mr.
Brown,] who replied that there never had been but
one commercial transaction come under his obser-
vation, and that was an exchange of two dogs.
How could it be otherwise when there are no rail-
roads, canals, or water communication between
the two sections of the State? There stand the
Alleghany mountains, between the valley and the
great Northwest, with their immense base and
lofty summits speaking by the authority of the
God of nature to those who reside on either side,
saying,"thus far shalt thou come,and no further."
Mr. Speaker, Virginia has spent millions upon
millions in wild schemes of internal improvements,
and notwithstanding she has had Henry A.Wise
for her Governor, a man in whose head, I will
venture to say, more wild impracticable, and, I
might as well add, devilish schemes originated
than in the brain of any other man, yet he never
seriously dreamed of, much less suggested, the
idea of pushing a railroad through the AUegha-
nies. Deprived, therefore, of any road connecting
the two sections of the State, except two narrow
mud turnpike roads, the location of either of which,
in many places, would puzzle the most skillful en-
gineer to find, it may be imagined that the com-
merce between the eastern and western parts of
the State is not very extensive, and the intercourse
between the people somewhat limited.
The two roads I have referred to are the Staun-
ton and Parkersburg and the Northwestern turn-
pike roads. The former is located from Staunton
to Parkersburg, and the latter from Winchester
to Parkersburg. It is my fortune, Mr. Speaker,
to resideatthecity of Parkersburg, on the banksof
the riverOhio, where,as I have already said, these
two roads terminate. I know, therefore, whereof
I speak when I declare that there are not one hun-
dred travelers that pass over these two roads from
Staunton or Winchester to Parkersburg, or nice
versa, during an entire year. Before this war com-
menced, our delegates to the General Assembly,
and'all others who desired to visit the city of Rich-
mond, the capital of the State, were of necessity
compelled to leave the State in order to get there,
unless they went by way of Staunton and Win-
chester, over one of the roads I have mentioned.
Again: the habits, tastes, and industrial pur-
suits of the people residing in the two sections
of the State are as unlike each other as perhaps
any two States in the Union. Those who reside
east of the Alleghany mountains have long been
distinguished as the F. F.V's. ' They areakind
and hospitable people, generally men of wealth
and ease. They know but little and care less
about the arts and sciences of the day. They
raise but little more corn or wheat than is neces-
sary for their own use, depending entirely on
raising a crop of young negroes to add to their
yearly wealth. Not so with the people of the
west. They are generally limited in means, but
a hardy, industrious, and energetic people. While
they do not claim by birth or otherwise to be
