1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman know
who signed the receipt?
Mr. STEVENS. This cross-firing is a little
annoying to me just now. I believe, from the in-
formation obtained from the Treasury Depart-
ment, that the matter amounts to this, that there
are vouchers there for the whole amount of it, but
that they have not been yet put on file, and put
the other end up, as they will have to be before
they are filed away. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, there arc vouchers for all. And as
to the rest of this money—$140,000—it is of no
.importance so far as this question is concerned, for
he never had a dollar of it in his possession. And
yet the committee undertake to say that he had.
A reference to it is found on page 66 of the re-
port, and I wish the attention of gentlemen who
are interested in the matter. The committee say:
"After Mr. Cumming-* had concluded Ins testimony and
taken the same for revision, lie added the following note:
"I have retained, under authoiity of the Secretary of
the Treasury, by Mcssis. Dix, Bhuchford, and Opdyke,
$140,000, besides what I have stated in my testimony,
which is accounted for by the voucher*."
They made his note read,"1 have retained."
Now, I will read a few words to show how this
committee understood that:
" Still we are informed by tins note"—
after having spoken of the disposition of the re-
mainder—
"that Mr. Cummings has ictainpcl $J40,000 of the money
over and above that stated in his testimony, ($250,000,)
'which is accounted foi by the vouchers.5 Thi*< item seems
to have been oveilooked by him in his testimony. One
hundred and forty thoi^and dollais ts in /m hands over and
above the $160,000 for which he hiu filed vouchors in the
War Department," &c.
And then they go on to censure the Secretary
of War for not having called sooner for the vouch-
ors for the $140,000, the other having been ac-
counted for. Now, it turns out that Cummings
never wrote such a note. He wrote them a note
informing them that u there had been retained,
under authority of the Secretary of the Treasury,
by Messrs. Dix, Biatchford^ and Opdyke," in
whose hands, you will remember, the whole was
deposited, and diawn out as needed, " $140,000,
besides what 1 have stated in my testimony, which
is accounted lor by the vouchers."
Mr. DAWES. Accounted for by the vouch-
01 Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; the vouchers; and
beyond that they say theie were $140,000 in his
hands. And then they go on to say that it was
in his hands, and what a crime it was. Thus, it
being a fraudulent transaction, and not having for
four months accounted for it, they draw the in-
ference that the Secretaiy of War should be cen-
sured.
Now, as I said before, I want you to look at the
original note. It dons nof say, " I have retained
under authority,"&c., but " there retained under
the authority," &c. Now, when the original was
found, admitting that there was a mistake in this,
the committee say it was the mistake uf the printer
—these printers' mistakes are very convenient
things—and that it should hare read, " there re-
tained." Now, Mr. Speaker, recollect that who-
ever made the mistake, the printer did not write the
report charging Cummings with having $140,000
in his bonds. The printer did not say that Air.
Cum tilings said so. That was written by the com-
mittee; when, I do not know. It was before the
report was punted that the thing was written; for
when this thing was first up before the House
the testimony was not printed. It was not befote
the House, nor for some weeks afterwards; and
the gentleman from Massachusetts alone (Mr.
DawusJ had what he said were the proof-sheets,
from winch he sometimes enlightened us with
what was behind, but which we bad not seen.
Now, how do the committee account for their
writing a report upon the mistake of the printer'
1 suppose the report was written before' jt was
furnished to the punter.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state to the gen-
tleman that the evidence and report were printed
together.
Mi. STEVENS. Then, if the evidence and
report wiie print*, d together, the report was
founded upon a falsehood, and all printed to-
gether.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me- 
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want any other ex-
planation. This suits me exactly. [Laughter.]
1 will excusc the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman decline to
have me interrupt him and tell him just how it is ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have not declined to hear
any gentleman's explanation, though these ex-
planations are a little annoying.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think my colleague
[Mr. Washburne] designed to say that the re-
port was written before the evidence was printed.
Mr. STEVENS. That is what he did say.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I said, or intended to
say, that the report and evidence were presented
to ""0 ther.
Mr. STEVENS. " Printed" was the word.
These lap si lingua and lapsi pennce, &c., are bad
things. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the gentleman from
Pennsylvania desires to have it right. I do not
know.
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DAWES. I told the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania the other day—what every member of
the House will bear me out in saying—that no
member of the committee ever saw that writing
until the day before I brought it into the House;
that it was handed to the clerk of the committee
by Mr. Cummings, by the clerk taken to the print-
ing office, by the printer set up, by the printer
read in proof, and after it was set up and in the
proof, it was handed to us in print, and not a
member of the committee ever saw the original
note until the day before I brought it into the
House here, more than three months after the
report had been made.
Mr. STEVENS, How did it getinto the print-
er's hands ?
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman forget how
I told him it got there? I told you a moment ago
that Cummings handed it to the clerk, that the
clerk of the committee took it to the printer, and
that not a member of the committee ever saw it
until three months after tiTe printed leport appeared
here in the House. I hope the gentleman will not
foiget H.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not forgotten it.
Mr. DAWES. Then you are to blame for the
mistake.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps I may be; but I have
a letter here from JMr. Defrees, the Superintendent
of Public Printing, who states that as he printed
this matter he sent a copy of each proof-sheet to
each member of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, it will hardly do to say
that they did not sec the proof, and when it was
taken, it seems to me they ought to have looked
at it. The committee that takes testimony, that
has it printed, that reads the proof, aie responsi-
ble for it, especially if they found upon it a grave
charge against the integrity of an upiight citizen,
and e.hatge him with embezzlement. And I may
be allowed to say that the statement of the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts makes the matter no
better. There is a punciple in law which he well
knows, that when a man rashly, and without tak-
ing the proper means to ascertain the facts, swears
to a fact material to the issue, and it turns out to
be false, although he did not know it to be false,
although he supposed it to be tine, yet, as he has
rashly sworn to a fact which he did not know to
be true, he is guilty of perjury, and deserves the
penitentiary. Such is the law of the country, and
such is its application to this report. A commit-
tee, having every opportunity of knowing the facts,
makes a report to the count! y, damning the char-
acter of a man, so far as their damnation will go,
and have no other excuse than saying it was a
mistake of the printer. I say it is their fault, and
they are just as much answerable for it as if they
had willfully forged it, and written " I have," in-
stead of "theic was retained;" and the sense of
justice of the community will hold them responsi-
ble before the world, as the law holds them re-
sponsible in a legal point of view. This is fraud-
ulent repiesentation No. 1.
Let me come to No. 2. That is the celebrated
case of Augustus A. Sacchi. The committee say
■ tha t Geiieial Fiemon t found a man m New York by
; the name of Sacchi, and that he went out West -
| Air. WASE3BUKNE. Will the gentleman be
i good enough to read that pait of the repoti in
| which the committee say that5
I Mr. STEVENS. Well,then,thataman from
New York.found Fremont. [Laughter]. I think
the testimony shows that a man by the name of
Sacchi, from New York, went to St. Louis, if I
recollect the evidence aright,under directions from
General Fremont, and entered into a contract with
an aid of General Fremont by the name of Wood,
for a certain number of Canadian horses. After
he had made that contract, he went off and never
complied with it; he did not jive up to the con-
tract. The contract, the committee say, was made
in defiance of all propriety, because they ought to
have bought the horses in the western country,
and yet they contracted with this man Sacchi, who
failed to comply with the contract. They do not
say that he ever received any of the money. I be-
lieve the contrary appears even in their own book,
if I understand it correctly. They then go on to
censure it as having been a fraudulent transaction,
made under the direction of General Fremont.
They show what a fraudulent contract it was,
made with a man of the name of Sacchi. They
did not care anything about Sacchi, who, they
say, lived in a garret in New York, or Captain
Turnley said so. They were fishing for larger fish
than that. The gentleman says that I said they
devoted several pages of this report to this mat-
ter. I was wrong. It is only three pages, and
not several. But they gravely wind up with this
significant phrase:
"It will hardly be believed that the name of this same
man, Sacchi, appears m the newspapers as being on the
stuft of General Fremont at Spungfieid, with the rank of
captain."
Well now, if the gentlemen meant that literally,
they are right, for nobody would believe it be-
cause it is found in their report. [Laughter.] But
if they meant, as I suppose they did, that nobody,
without their veracious report, would believe that
this man, with whom a fiaudulent contract had
been entered into through Fremont's agent, was
a member of Fremont's staff, it turns out that
there is not a word of truth in it. This man Sac-
chi,who made the contract, was a resident of New
York, an old man between sixty and seventy,
who had lived there a great many years, and the
Mr. Sacchi on Fremont's staff was a young gen-
tleman from Europe, who never heard anything
about this coutiact.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman en-
lighten the House as to where he gets his facts?
Mr. STEVENS. I have seen an affidavitmade
by the genuine horse dealer, Sacchi.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Ex parte ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; and therefore 1 sup-
pose the gentleman has a right to deny it if he
will. It is not much better in that respect than
this book. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suppose the gentle-
man will admit that the book is quite as good.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I do not suppose it is
pretended now that this man Sacchi on Fremont's
staff is the man who is implicated by this report.
Even the gentleman from Massachusetts did not
assert that, and I am sure my friend on the right
will not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is a matter I know
nothing about. I do not know whether he came
here (i to crusade for freedom in freedom's holy*
land" or not. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think he did know
anything about it; and yet the committee report
the fact solemnly to the country, and base upon
it this charge against Fremont. Why, I do not
believe they knew more about this than they did
about two thirds of the other things they have put
in this report. [Laughter.] Now, sir, they ought
to have known whether they did or not. There
is a mistake, whether you call it fraudulent or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman seems
to think that this is an attack upon his friend and
my friend Fremont—because we fought the battle
togethei in 185t>. Will he be good enough to read,
not three lines, but four lines and a half, at the top
of the 94th page of the report?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, 1 have read it, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will my friend be good
enough to read it to the House?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no: 1 do not care to do
that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish you would.
Mr. STEVENS. lean tell the House what it
is, though. It is taking him by the beard and say-
ing, "ait thou in health, my brother?" [Much
laughter.] They ought to have known the facts,
