330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
37 th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of West Virginia—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
superior to their eastern brethren or their coun-
trymen at large, they do maintain they are the
equals of either. This difference in the interests,
habits, and>social institutions of the two sections
of the State, coupled with the fact that there can
never be to any extent any commercial intercourse
between them, renders it almost if not quite im-
possible to enact laws suitable to the wants and
circumstances of both. That negro slavery re-
quires laws of a more stringent and peculiar char-
acter than any other species of property, I think
all will admit; and that these laws are distasteful
if not inimical to the inferests of those who do not
own slaves, I think is equally clear.
Now,.if this be true of negro slavery generally,
is it not doubly so in a State like Vltginia, where
all, or nearly all, of those who own slaves reside
east of the Alleghany mountains? If any one hjs
doubted the truth o£ this proposition, 1 think in
the history of the legislation of Virginia may be
found the most conclusive evidence. Prior to the
year 1850, that part of Virginia lying between the
Blue Ridge and the Alleghany mountains,known
as the valley of Virginia, was almost as much
neglected by the State as that part lying_west of
the Alleghanies, The two sections contained a
white population of niearly one hundred and fifty
thousand more than the residue of the State, and
yet they were in a minority in both branches of
the General Assembly. It was in the year 1850,
Mr. Speaker, that the con vention was called which
formed the present constitution of Virginia. It
is a period in the history of the State which will
long be remembered by not only those who were
members of that convention, but by the people of
the State at large. The people of the west and
valley, smarting under the wrongs and injustice
that had been done them through a long series of
years, laid aside for once all party considerations
and elected their best and truest men to represent
them in said convention, and instructed/them to
demand that the representation in the Legislature
should thereafter be based on the white popula-
tion of the State, and not on the mixed or arbi-
trary basis as it then was. As soon as the con-
vention met it was apparent that the eastern part
of the State was not disposed to yield to the de-
mands of the valley and the west. Day after day,
and week after week passed, until several months
were spentin discussing what was called the white
and mixed basis, and so violent was the discus-
sion at times that it was feared thata compromise
of conflicting views was impossible, and that the
convention would break up m a row and leave the
difficulty to be settled at the point of the sword.
But finally the slave interest triumphed, and by
the terms of the compromise the rights and inter-
ests of the people residing west of the Alleghanies
were wholly disregarded, and the people doomed
te perpetual bondage unless released by the pas-
sage of this bill. It was, in truth and in fae,t, a
compromise between the valley, the former ally
of the west, and the eastern part of the State, to
which the delegates west of the Alleghanies were
compelled to give their consent. How was this
compromise effected, and what were its terms?
The delegates residing east of the Blue Ridge said
in substance to the delegates residing in the val-
ley, " you know that part of Virginia lying west of
the Alleghany mountains is principally settled by
emigrants from western Pennsylvania, the State
of Ohio, and the New England States. You also
know that they are opposed to the institution of
slavery, and if they were not, slavery can never
exist there to any extent for two obvious reasons:
first, because the laws of climate forbid it, and
secondly, a slave has but to cross the line into
Pennsylvania, or the Ohio river into the State of
Ohio, and he is free. This being the case, slavery
has only a nominal existence there. Now, you
people of the valley, like we of the east, have
sprung'from quite a different stock. "We do not be-
long to the " mudsills" of society. You, like we,
are largely interested in not only protecting but
continuing the institution of slavery. This Being
the case, come let us reason together; let us com-
promise this matter, and take care of ourselves;
and let this mongrel race beyond the Alleghanies
take care of themselves;" and, Mr. Speaker, to
make a long story a short one, the east and the val-
ley struck a bargain by which they secured for
themselves the control of the legislative depart-
ment of the State until the day of judgment and
a day after, and leaving those residing west of the
Alleghanies to shift for themselves the best they
could. They formed a constitution for the State
of Virginia, and to show the House how shame-
fully the west was treated, I will read three or
four lines of,the twenty-third section of article
four of that delectable instrument:
" Every slave who has attained the age of twelve years
shall be assessed with a tax equal to and not exceeding that
assessed on lands of the value of .$300. Slaves under that
age shall not be subject to taxation."
Here you will perceive that allslaves over twelve
years of age are only taxed equal to and not to
exceed that assessed on land of the value of §300,
while all slaves under twelve years of age are
wholly exempt from taxation. By this little pro-
vision no less than $200,000,000 worth of property
of the citizens of the valley and those residing in
the eastern part of the State was relieved from
taxation, while every knife and fork; every bed,
whether feather or straw; every horse, mare, and
gelding, whether blind, spavined, or wind-broken;
every old clock, whether it had refused to tell of
the passing hours or not; in a word, every species
of property, real, personal,and mixed, westof the
Alleghany mountains, was taxed, taxed, taxed!
Now, Mr. Speaker, where and how was this
money spent, thus wrung from the hard earnings
of the people of the west ? Look upon the map,
and you will find thequestion incontrovertibly an-
swered. See how the eastern part of the State is
checkered over with railroads in every direction—
no less than five, and perhaps more, running to and
through the city of Richmond—ail having been
built, either in whole or in part, at the expense of
the State. Now,sir,look westof the Alleghanies,
and see how many you will find there. Here is
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, running along
the line between Virginia and Pennsylvania, and
terminating at the city of Wheeling. How much
did the State contribute to that great improvement ?
Not a dollar! On the contrary, it was years be-
fore she would even give her consent that it should
be buMt at all over the soil of Virginia. Then,
again, here is a branch of the same road, known
as the Northwestern Virginia railroad, which has
its terminus at the city of Parkersburg, not one
dollar to build which did the State contribute. Sir,
we petitioned the Legislature of the State for fif-
teen or tweij^y years for the privilege of build-
ing that road over our own soil, with our own
means,beforeourprayerwasgranted. Why, Mr.
Speaker, this partial legislation? "Why was the
west deprived of the benefits so lavishly showered
upon the east? We all know in the west the rea-
son . They did not attempt to conceal the fact that
they regarded us unsound on the slavery question;
and that every railroad and turnpike made through
the western part of the State would induce emi-
gration to that part of the State; and that every
man that settled there added that much to the
strength of the west. Hence it was the policy of
our eastern brethren to retard in every way pos-
sible the settlement of the west.
Now, sir, I ask whether it is possible for a State
to prosper where such antagonistic interests exist.
Is u not the interest of both that a division should
take place, that each may pass such laws as their
respective wants and interests may require?
But it is argued by those who ODpose this bill,
that we should waituntil the whole fetate is restored
and every county in the .State is fully represented
in the Legislature, and then get the consent of the
Legislature, and Congress will admit us at once.
In reply to this reasoning I have this to say; that
the people of the west are not disposed to let the
present opportunity pass, when they can accom-
plish that which they have so long desired to at-
tain, and which justice and right demand should
bo done. History affords but few instances where
men clothed with power voluntarily give it -up.
It was once said by one of Virginia's most gifted
sons, that there was no way of judging the future
but by the past; and if we look in this instance to
the past to ascertain what our eastern brethren
would be moat likely to do m regard to this ques-
tion when (if ever) they shall be ffilly represented
in the Legislature of the State, we are forced to
the conclusion that, instead of giving their con-
sent to the erection of^ new State within the juris-
diction of Virginia, they would, if possible, rivet
the chains more tightly upon us, and compel us
to pay not only our just proportion of the debt of
the State before the passage of the ordinance of
■Secession, but any debt that has been contracted
by Letcher & Co. in prosecuting this unholy war
against the United States.
Again, it is argued that if the Legislature of the
State, when the whole State is restored, will not
give its consent to the erection of the new State, a
convention of the people of theStatecan be called,
and a new constitution bo framed, and many if not
all the grievances now complained of by the west
will be corrected, and a division of the State ren-
dered unnecessary. This reasoning, Mr. Speaker,
is fallacious. By an examination of the constitu-
tion of Virginia it will be seen that the valley and
the eastern part of the State have amajorityin both
branches of the General Assembly, and is it reason-
able to suppose that they will consent to thecolling
of aeonventionto frameanewconstitution in order
to yield to the west that which has heretofore been
denied her, and which will greatly and materially
abridge the rights of the east? Certainly not.
But, sir, if a convention was called, the delegates
from the east and the valley would form a ma-
jority of the convention, and consequently the
west would be still at their mercy; for let it be
borne in mind that while the valley was, to some
extent, prior to the year 1850, identified with
the west, since that period, by the clause in the
constitution of 1850 to which I have already re-
ferred, and by connecing the valley and the east
together by building the Tennessee, the Central,
and the Manassas Gap railroads, it is now fully
identified with the east. Now, I ask any candid
man to tell me what relief have we residing west
of the Alleghanies to expect by waiting until the
whole State is restored for anything else that can
or may happen in the future. Sir, we are doomed
to perpetual bondage unless Congress grants us
relief by the passage of this bill. And instead of
it being a bill entitled "A bill for the admission
of the State of Western Virginia into the Union,
and for other purposes," it ought to be entitled
"A bill for the release of three hundred and thirty-
four thousand white people residing west of the
Alleghanies from a worse than Egyptian bond-
age, and for the admission of the new State of
West Virginia into the Union."
Sir, if peace to our distracted country was pro-
claimed to-morrow, and every aword now drawn
in deadly strife returned to its scabbard, it would
bring no peace to Western Virginia. The old
feuds and differences existing between the two
sections of the State, arising out of the conflict of
interests that 1 have already mentioned, intensified
by what has grown out of this war, preclude the
idea of the two sections of the State ever living in
peace under the same State government again.
The boundary of the proposed new State embraces
an area of twenty-four thousand square miles,
and an aggregate white population of over three
hundred and thirty-five thousand; also an aggre-
gate slave population at the beginning of the war
of a little over twelve thousand, which it is reason-
able to suppose is not now more than half that
number. It is the opinion of every one, I believe,
without an exception, who has written about or
examined the internal wealth of the several States
of the Union, that Virginia contains more re-
sources of wealth than any other State; and that
these resources are principally confined to that
part of Virginia embraced within the lines of the
new State all will admit. Look at her wells of
oil on the banks of the Little Kanawha river,
pouring forth their hundreds of barrels per day;
her immense beds of bituminous and cannel coal,
her deposits of ore, her waterfalls, and her forests
of timber. Then, sir, look at her lands; say noth-
ing about their adaptation to the growth of wheat,
corn, and for grazing; as a wool -growing country
it has no superior, if it has an equal on the globe.
Many have already embarked in that enterprise
and have met with the most gratifying success,
and I will venture to predict that before many
years West Virginia will be the great wool-grow-
ing as well as manufacturing region of the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, Virginia is one of the oldest
States in the Union. As I have remarked before,
it is conceded that she possesises more elements
of wealth than, perhaps, any other State, and yet
