2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Now> let me say, and it may be worthy of the
attention of the Senate, that this body seven years
ago passed a Pacific railroad bill providing for
three roads all the way across the continent: one
by Fort Benton reaching to PugetSound; one by
a central route from the frontiers of Missouri or
Iowa; and one by the thirty-second parallel. To
accommodate some of these conflicting interests
now, lines have been made to converge involving
an advancement of $6,000,000 in bonds. That is
all that is involved, and that is made a grave ques-
tion. I cannot understand how it is a grave ques-
tion with any one who is really and sincerely in
favor of the enterprise. I am not disposed to talk
on this measure, Mr. President; 1 desire action;
and I hope the friends of the measure who wish to
give it strength, that the work may be accom-
plished, will avoid discussion as far as possible,
and act upon the amendments that may be pre-
sented. I hope they will stand by the measure as
it has been reported.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be obliged to vote for this
amendment; and I propose to state why I shall
vote for it. I want to say that I feel in reference
to this matter a good deal as the little savage did
to whom the missionary was exhibiting an en-
graving representing Daniel and his associates in
the den of lions. One little Indian's sympathies
were immediately enlisted on behalf of one poor
neglected-looking lion in the background, and he
exclaimed at once that that poor little lion was not
goiVig togetanything. [Laughter.] I see the na-
tional Legislature engaged in feeding out the life
blood of the nation upon a project which is intended
I suppose to connect the Atlantic and the Pacific
oceans by railway. I like that project; but that
does not seem to be the only one on foot. It is
not enough that we construct an artery between
the two oceans. We seem to be agreed upon the
necessity of having an artery to a certain point,
but when you get it to that point you seem dis-
posed to change it into a sprinkler to spirt the
commerce tending from the Pacific to the Atlantic
all over the eastern portion of the country. Now,
if I thought it worth while to make a sprinkler of
this enterprise, I should feel very desirous that
each part of the eastern portion of the country
should be as neaily equally wetted down as pos-
sible; and if that is the purpose of the Legislature,
I am bound to say that if this amendment be
adopted, this poor little lion, Wisconsin, which I
have the obligation of representing here m part,
does not seem likely to get much. Nevertheless,
I do not feel justified in feeding Wisconsin in this
matter. I hold myself to be the agent of the peo-
ple of the United States, and I am anxious, i be-
lieve, to do their work; do it as well as I can, but
do it honestly at any rate. I do not believe it is
' of any national importance that the trade from the
Pacific to the Atlantic should be carried through
the State of Wisconsin. It is important to that
State, but not to the nation. I do not believe it is
of any national importance that it should be cai-
ried through Minnesota, or Iowa, or Kansas, or
Missouri. It must be carried through some one
State, perhaps more than one; but which one of
several does not seem to me to be a question of
any national importance.
We are agreed, as I said before, that it is an im-
portant matter to the whole country that a road be
constructed to the Pacific. I find here represent-
atives from the Pacific coast, representing a dis-
trict of country lying far above San Francisco,
which we all look to as the western terminus, and
I do not hear a word from them about the neces-
sity of Oregon or Washington Territory being
sprinkled by the western terminus of the road. I
do not hear of any competition on their part.
They seem to be content that the national repre-
sentatives should select a terminus on the Pacific
coasf, and let the road run there. That strikes me
to be magnanimous; that strikes me, if it be not
magnanimous, to be just.
1 was very much impressed by the questions
put to the Senate just now by the Senutoi fiom
Maine, and befoic those questions were put to the
Senate I was impressed by two features which
seemed to me extraordinary in this bill. First,
while you propose to organize a company to build
a load to the Pacific, you point them away out in
your western Territories, uninhabited, and you
tell them within certain degrees of latitude upon
a certain meridian of longitude to find a starting
point. That is a peculiar feature of itself. I do
not know why you send them there; but if any
intelligible answer is to be given to that question—
any answer more intelligible or more rational than
thatgiven by the Senator from Maine—then I can-
not conceive for my life why we, as agents for the
nation, as representatives of the whole people of
the United States, should undertake to load down
this enterprise by compelling it to build branch
after branch from that point to points further east,
branches which must compete with each other.
Let it be conceded that a road is constructed from
the one hundredth meridian of longitude tothePa-
cific ocean, what then? That we want the Atlan-
tic connected with that meridian of longitude is
evident. That it will be, no man has any shadow
of doubt; but if any man does doubt it, why not
say clearly, sensibly, that this company is authoi-
ized to construct a road from the one hundredth
meridian of longitude eastward to the Mississippi
river, or eastward to the Atlantic ocean, if they
please, selecting their own route and selecting their
own points to visit upon the way.
I conceive it may be very proper for the national
Legislature to fix some point in the West here
which shall be visited by this road. I have not a
word of fault to find with the point fixed by the
bill as it now stands. That being done, I consider
itimportant thataroad should be built both ways,
east and west, from it, so that your communica-
tion shall be complete between the tsvo oceans; but
whereas you leave the company almost unre-
stricted in selecting its line west of the one hun-
dredth meridian, why not leave it equally unre-
stricted in selecting its line east of that meridian?
Give every portion of the country that wants a
feeder to that road the most ample authority to
connect with it; and give them what every other
portion of the country has had, the burden, the
labor, the responsibility of building their own
feeder. If you make it the duty of this company
to build these four branches, these two things hap-
pen: you expend just so much more money from
the Treasury of the United States, and you depre-
ciate the security you get fon the return of the
money. If you piovidc for the building of one
road from the Missouri river to the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, there is some chance that
the commerce upon the road will yield a return
upon thatmvestment. If you build fom branches,
your chances are diminished fourfold; you have
four roads competing for this business built by
youiselvcs, built by the nation, when it is said
here that the line will not be able to make a return
for the money advanced to build one road. This
does not seem to me to be wise economy.
The Senator from Ohio defends these branches
upon an entirely different principle and for very
different reasons. Treating them as independent
enterprises, he says they are important to the
whole country, because they will open up large
tiacts of the country to settlement, induce settle-
ment in these regions now uninhabited. I put it
to the Senate if it be wise for us to undertake the
experiment of building railroads into the unoccu-
pied public domain for the mere purpose of hurry-
ing its settlement. There is not a district in the
United States, nota neighborhood outside of your
great cities, but what is suffering because of a too
sparsely settled country. Your population of thirty
millions, composing the United States, is spread
over too much territory; it is a positive cause of
national weakness to-day. Do you wantto spread
it out any thinner than it is ? I do not for one, and
I do not believe it is wise for us to undertake the
business of building reads into the public lands for
the purpose of hurrying our scattered population
still further out into the wilderness or out into the
prairies.
I hope that no one will imagine, from what I have
said, that I am hostile to the project of building a
lailroad to the Pacific ocean. 1 belitve I nm as
much m favor of it as any man m the Senate; but
when the Government undertakes to do it, to fur-
nish the money for it, and owns the land over which
the load is to be built, it seems to me that the
I Government should not be compelled to pay to
| this locality or that, to this railroad company or
| thatother railroad company, a large bonus for the
| privihgrof doing it. The national repiesenta-
j tives ought to stand up heie, select a route if they
; please, or authorize a company to select a loute,
i and one route, and provide for building that road.
| It seems to me that this is all the nation ought to
' be asked to do. That I am willing to do. I am
willing to vote the necessary means to build a
road from the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude to the Pacific, and leave the country cast of
there to find their own connections with that road
if they please; or I am willing to authorize that
company which builds the road from the one hun-
dredth meridian to the Pacific, to select their own
route from that meridian to the Missouri river,
and to make it obligatory nn them to build that
one road. But when we furnish the money to
them, and furnish a most ample, I was about to
say a most profligate, bounty to build it, I am
not willing to furnish it for more than one road.
My friend from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] says it
is not half enough. I am talking now, not about
the road through the Rocky mountains, but about
the roads east of the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if there is a road in the United
States or in the West that has been built for twicc
the amount which this load gets, since we have
stricken off the twenty-five per cent. ? Is there a
road anywhere that has been built and equipped
for $25,000 a mile ?
Mr. IIOWE. Yes, sir, there arc roads that
have been actually built for a good deal less than
twenty-five thousand dollars a mile. I know of
one road in the State of Maine whose stock,
bonded debt, and floating debt does not represent
$15,000 a mile, or did not the last time 1 knew of
it. It is a short road, and it is over a very favor-
able route for that State. But when you come to
talk of the cost, at which your railroads have been
built in this country, you must take into consid-
eration that from one hundred to one hundred and
fifty per cent., I was about to say, of the cost
represented by their stock and debt, has been
squandered either by profligate directors or among
dishonest contractors, or used upon discountfor
depreciated paper.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to ask the Senator
if $12,000 a mile is a profligate sum for any road ?
Is $16,000 a mile a profligate sum ?
Mr. HOWE. Sixteen thousand dollars a mile
in cash is more than these roads ought to cost, and
more than they will cost, except where the grad-
ing is heavy. What your iron costs per mile, you
know; the grading depends upon the topography
of the country; it vanes very much from the ont
hundredth meridian to the Missouri river. Of
course, I know nothing in particularaboutit; bue
1 understand it is not traversed by any ranges of
mountains, and I suppose its general characteris-
tics are like those of the great body of the country
on this side of the Missouri river. But $10,000
is not all that this bill appropriates. You give in
addition to that, I think, ten sections of land for
each mile, five sections on each side of the line of
the road.
Now, Mr. President, it ia no part of my pur-
pose to find fault with the sum you are appropri-
ating; but when you build a railroad through a
good ugiicultural country, sixty-four hundred
acres of land to each mile of that road is worth
more than the cost of the road, when the road is
built. It is not worth that to the Government be-
fore the road is built; it will not sell for that; but
after the road is built, it is worth more than the
road cost.
Mr. CLARK. But is this good agricultural land?
Mr. HOWE. I am told by the Senator from
Ohio and by others that a good deal of itis; and
the Senator from Ohio says that his purpose in
authouzing these roads to be built is because he
wants to open a nch agricultural country. How
rich or how valuable it is, I do not know; but
there is so much land, m addition to a sum of
money, which 1 believe is mote than equal to the
construction of these roads east of the one hun-
dredth meridian. But that was not the purpose
for which I rose; I did not propose to enter into
an argument upon the sufficiency or insufficiency
of the sum which this bill proposes to give. I
am obliged to vote for the amendment striking out
this branch, and I shall vote for every amendment
to strike out a branch and all blanches between
the one hundredth meridian and the Missouri
river; but I will vote to authorize this company to
build a road from that meudian to the Missouri
river upon such line as they shall select, and give
them the same terms, the same price for building
it, as is proposed for these branches.
Mr. CLARK. I am told by the Clerk that there
was a mistake in the printing of the bill; a portion
