828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
United States, with sundry amendments, in which
he.#a& directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill, with the
amendments of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee of-Ways and Means, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. MARSTON. A few years ago, under
a resolution of the House of Representatives, a
commission, consisting of five naval officers, was
appointed toexamine the navy-yards of the United
States, and they examined this yard among others.
That commission made a report, in which they
speak of the great importance of the navy-yard
at Kittcry, and of the purchase of this strip of
land. With the leave of the committee, I will ask
to have read what the commission say upon the
subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire whether $14,500 would be
a fair price for this land?
Mr. MARSTON. I think it is, according to
the value of land in that neighborhood. There
are three dwelling-houses on the land which it is
proposed to purchase. One of them is large and
m good repair, and suitable for a hospital, and
the other two buildings, which are also in good
repair, would be very convenient for offices.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
add to his amendment a proviso that the amount
paid for the land shall not exceed $14,500.
Mr. MARSTON. I accept that amendment.
I will add the words, " provided, the cost of the
land to be purchased shall not exceed $14,500."
Mr. SEDGWJCIv. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New Hampshire whether the appro-
priation of §14,500 will repair the houses so as to
put them in proper order.
Mr. MARSTON. I have no doubt that §1,000
will be sufficient to repair this house for hospital
purposes; but it is also necessary to build a coal
wharf and depot for the accommodation of the
yard. I ask that the communication which I have
sent to the Clerk's desk be read.
The Cleik commenced to read the communi-
cation.
Mr. STEVENS. It is not worth while to have
that paper read. There is no objection to the
amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out from line one hundred and ninety-one to line
one hundred and ninety-four, as follows:
Naval Observatory:
For the |>nrcba&«* of nautical mstnnnenN, icpairs of the
 amc, and of astronomical mutnimonH, and lor the pttifh.iM'
of nautical books, maps, and charts, and for backing ami
biuding the same, ^'40,000.
I find that the appropriation made for this same
purpose last year was $20,000, whereas it is now
proposed to appropriate $40,000. I wish to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means whether there is any necessity for this
increase. If $20,000 was sufficient heretofore
for this purpose, it might be well to ascertain
whether this doubling the expense is required at
this time.
Mr. STEVENS. This appropriation is for the
purpose of furnishing instruments for about three
or four times the number of vessels that ha^e been
heretofore furnished. Of course the appropriation
must be proportionate to this inciease.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then, do I understand that
these nautical instruments are furnished for the
use of the Navy, and are not in connection with
the Obscrvatoiy?
Mr. STEVENS. The Observatory furnishes
the Navy with these things; and as there are three
or four times more to be furnished now than here-
tofore, the appropriation is necessarily increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave to withdraw the
amendment.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the clause, " for preparingforpuhlication the
American Nautical Almanac, $25,880." 1 offer
the amendment for die purpose of obtaining in-
formation as to the necessity of disappropriation.
I inquired a few days ago at the Library of Con-
gress for a copy of thisNauticalAlmanac, and there
is no such work to be found in that Library. I
have also inquired of the public printer whether
such an almanac has been heretofore printed for
the Government, and I find that it has not been.
I have understood that the Nautical Almanac is
gotten up and published at the Harvard Univer-
sity. I should like to know to what extent that
publication is made use of by the Government?
I understand it to be really published on private
account, that it is in every sense a private enter-
prise, and that the appropriation of this $20,000
is really for the endowment of Harvard Univer-
sity, thegreateducational institution of the North-
east. I should like to know from the chairman
how many copies of this Nautical Almanac are
required by Government, by whom and how they
are distributed, and such other information on the
subject as he may be able to furnish. I find that
this sum has been appropriated heretofore; but
whether there has been any necessity for it or not,
I have not been able to learn. 1 hope the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means will
inform me whether this is not virtually an appro-
priation for the benefit of Harvard University.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I concur in the remarks
of the honorable gentleman from Indiana. We
need a little light on this side of the House in
regard to this appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine is out of order unless he opposes the amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think that the
gentleman from Indiana is entirely mistaken in
the fine of his remarks. The Nautical Almanac,
a copy of which 1 have before me, is published,
as 1 find by the title page, by the Ihireau of Ord-
nance and Hydrography, Washington. It is pub-
lished, not only under the auspices but under the
patronage of the Government, and for its use.
It is ti ue that the work is done at Cambridge, but
not at all, as I understand, in connection with any
department of the university there located. The
woik is executed there, because a printing office
located in that city is abundantly furnished with
the kind of type and emblems that are required
in works of this character, and also because the
workmen employed there are specially educated
and skilled in its execution. It is by no means
an ordinary kind of printing, as any gentleman
can easily discover who looks at the volume. It
is almost entirely tabular work, figures of various
sizes, interspersed with emblems peculiar to the
subject, requiring the closest possible attention
and accuracy in order to avoid calamities at sea
from the use of the book. Formerly our Amer-
ican ships were furnished with a Nautical Alma-
nac published in England; but by an order of the
Secretary of the Navy, issued something like a
yeai ago, our vessels are now restricted to the
use of i liis almanac, and I am informed, by those
who aie well acquainted with the subject, that this
almanac, published under the auspices of our Gov-
ernment, js superior to any similar work pub-
lished by any nation, and that it is displacing, to
a considerable degiee, the use of other almanacs
by foreign navigators.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the work is thus prepared
and published under the auspices of the Harvard
University 
Mr. 111CE, of Massachusetts. I said not for
the Harvard Univeisity, but for the Government
of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is published at Harvard ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. No, sir; it is
published at Cambridge.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I wish to inquire how
many copies of it are furnished annually to the
Government?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am unable to
state the piecise number, but I presume it is as
many as the Government orders to be printed; as
many as will supply all the ships of the Navy and
whatever other Departments they arc required to
be used in. There is no mystery involved in the
subject. The book may not be found in the
library of the House of Representatives, but J do
not know that it would be of any use there. I
dare say that it will be found in every library in
the country where it is likely to be called for or
used.
Mr. HOLMAN. 'I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to e*mend the
parapraph, by adding at the end:
Or so much thereof as may be necessary, said work to
be done as all other documents ordered by Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. I very much doubt the pro-
priety of this amendment. The Nautical Alma-
nac is a scientific work, and I do not know that
the public printing office has the material or skill
necessary for its proper execution. It strikes me
that we had better not meddle with the subject.
The amendment was rejected.
A MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee having temporarily risen,a mes-
sage in writing was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary.
Also a message notifying the House that the
President had approved and signed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 153) to authoiize the con-
struction of twenty iron-clad steam gunboats;
An act (H. R. No. 165) making an appropria-
tion for completing the defenses of Washington,
and for other purposes;
An act (H. 11. No. 186) to amend an act entitled
" An act to regulate trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the fron-
tiers," approved June 30, 1834;
An act (H. R. No. 255) making an appropria-
tion for the purchase of cotton and tobacco seed
for general distribution; and
An act (H. R. No. 256) for the relief of Philip
Speyer & Co., of the city of New York.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend, in the two
hundred and sixth line, by striking out " twenty-
five," and inserting " fifteen;" so as to make the
clause read:
For preparing for publication the American Nautical
Almanac, $15,880.
Mr. Chairman, I desire,at least, to see this ap-
propriation reduced. I had the impression that
this work could be done at the public printing
office. Jf so, the expense should be much less than
$25,000. It appears to me, that there is no reason
why the Government printing office cannot do the
work as well, and certainly much cheaper, than
it now is done, if the report of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Gurley,] at the last session of Con-
gress, is to be relied upon.
I understand, from the statement of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that the compilation of
this almanac is made undf?r the authority of the
Government, so that it is a mere question of print-
ing. The question is whether we shall appropri-
ate $25,000 for the benefit of this univeisity, to
print this almanac, or whether it shall be printed
by the Government printing office, which the coun-
try was assured, at the time of its establishment,
would produce economy in the public printing.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentleman
from Indiana seems to persist in his statement that
this work is published under the auspices of
Harvaid Univeisity. I beg to assure him that
that is a mistake. If the gentleman desires to
reduce the cost of executing this work, I am quite
sure that he would not accomplish that object by
transferring the work to the Government printing
office. So far as I know, the Government print-
ing office here has no facilities for executing this
kind of work, and probably, without a very great
expenditure of money for type, for emblems, and
for a different class of workmen from those at
present employed here, it would be quite imprac-
ticable to execute the work in this city.
There is no doubt whatevei that this work can
be performed at Cambridge for less money than
would be required to execute the woik here. It is a
long, tedious work; it requires men to be employed
specifically upon it. Another advantage in having
it executed at Cambridge is that the reading of the
pi oofs and many other collateral labors upon the
almanac are enabled to be performed there by gen-
tlemenof scientific attainments in connection with
their other duties as professors of the university,
and in reference to other scientific interests and
pursuits.
I believe, from the inquiries I have made upon
this subject, that the work will be executed for
less money at Cambridge, in the manner and style
