1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2811
of one amendment of the Senator from Iowa which
was adopted was left oat in the printed bill; and
I see that an amendment was yesterday adopted
by the Senate on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa which pats it in connection with the first
branch from Iowa. As this amendment of mine
therefore produces confusion, I will withdraw it
and adhere to my original amendment to strike
out the Sioux City branch. My motion is to
strike out all of the fourteenth section after the
word "act" in the twenty-sixth line. I will state
to the Senate that it brings it pretty much to the
same point, because if they will look at the four-
teenth section—and I desire to call their attention
to the first part of that section that they may see
what we are doing-—it provides:
That the said Union Pacific Railroad Company is hereby
authorized and required to construct a single line of lail-
road and telegraph from a point 011 the western boundary
of the State of Iowa, to be fixed by the President of the
United States, &c.
The President can fix this Iowa branch any-
where between the southern point and the north-
ern point of the western boundary of that State.
He has the whole line of the State of Iowa to se-
lect the point of departure from. He may select
it at Sioux City, or he may select it at the extreme
northern point of the western boundary, or he
may select it at the southern point. But in addi-
tion to that, they want a road from Sioux City
particularly, after he shall have made his selec-
tion. Suppose he should select Sioux City, then
there would be two branches from that place.
Would it not be svise to strike out the Sioux City
branch and leave it until we see where the Presi-
dent makes his selection, and if we leave it to the
President to select one branch to accommodate the
public travel, will not that be enough? It is not
fixed at any point on the western boundary of
Iowa; but is under the control of the President;
he is to select the point that will best accommo-
date the travel; and then the line will go west from
that point. This section, however, proposes to
take a departure from Sioux City besides, and le-
quire this company to build that branch.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. I am desirous to have a
vote on this subject. I think the question is un-
derstood.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make a correction
as to some facts stated by the Senator fiom Maine.
I understood him to estimate that the length of
these branch roads in the aggregate would be a
thousand or fifteen hundred miles. I think the
point of junction as fixed in the bill will not be
more than two hundred miles on an average from
the Missouri river. There are but three branches
that can by any possibility reach the junction,
which would make six hundred miles. The Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad is required to build
a hundred miles, which would be seven hundred
miles.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
Senator from Iowa that I gave notice this morn-
ing that I would move to reduce that branch from
one hundred to fifty miles.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator should make
that motion, I have 110 doubt the Senate would
concur in it, and that would diminish the entire
length of the branches in the aggregate to six
hundred and fifty miles—much less than the Sen-
ator from Maine stated. His estimate of the cost
was forty or fifty million dollars. Now, sir,
$16,000 a mile, for seven hundred miles of road,
would be but $11,200,000; but from the explana-
tion made by the Senatorfrom Kansas,this should
be diminished by fifty times $16,000. Then the
land to which the Senator referred cannot be pro-
cured on the line of these branches until the roads
shall have progressed at least one hundred miles
from the Missouri river, on an average. I am
informed that the public lands have been pur-
chased in Kansas and Nebraska on the western
side of the Missouri river for something like one
hundred miles from the river m the interior, at
some points more than one hundred miles, at other
points less; so that, perhaps, no kinds would be
procured by these companies until after they
should have extended their roads outat least half
of the whole distance from the river to the one
hundiedlh meridian. This would diminish the
line of branch loads, on winch the companies
could derive lands or any benefit fiom the land
giant, to three hundred and fifty miles in the ag-
gregate, and as the companies aie to derive only
six thousand four hundred acres to the mile, the
whole quantity of land that it will be possible for
the companies to receive under this bill, as it now
stands, with aM the branches in, will be two mil-
lion two hundred and forty thousand acres. But
the bill provides that afl lands which may be re-
served or preempted at the time of the definite lo-
cation of the road shall be excluded, so that the
companies would not secure so much land m the
aggregate as I have stated; but take the round
numbeis, two million two hundred and forty
thousand acres of land and the $11,200,000 of
bonds, and we have a yum in money and prop-
erty very much less than the amount stated by
the Senator from Maine—at the most not to ex-
ceed one third of the amount he stated. I men-
tion this that the Senate may vote on the exact
question pending.
Now, Mr. President, if these branches are all
stricken out, I apprehend the Senate will so amend
the bill as to require the Union Pacific Railroad
Company to start the main trunk on the Missouri
river, and hence they will be compelled to build two
hundred miles now included in these branches, and
that of itself will diminish the estimate that I have
made, just one third. Thus it will be seen that
the increased amount of money and land that is to
be appropriated in this bill, as it now stands, if
the amendment should fail, is almost infinitely
less than what the Senator from Maine stated; it
is so much less as to rob his statements, I think,
of all their force. The only practical reason for
building these branch roads, and not one trunk
line from the Missouri river, is the existence of
rival railroad lines, and 1 may state what some of
these are. There is a system of railroads extend-
ing fiom Philadelphia, by Pittsburg, Columbus,
Indianapolis, and Tone Haute, across Illinois to
St. Louis, and thence across Missoun to the
mouth of the Kansas river, not completed quite to
the river, but in progress toward the river. If
you were to build the mam Pacific railroad so as
to connect with that road 011 the Missouri liver,
you would veiy gieatly enhance the value of their
stock, you would, in fact, enrich the men who
own the stock in this system of roads, having one
line of road from the Atlantic to the Pacific. But
then1 is another system of roads, forming an en-
tire line from the Atlantic, through the northern
part of the State of Missouri, crossing the Mis-
sissippi river at Hannibal, and thence extending
across the northern part of Missouri to St. Joseph,
on the Missouri river; and the stock in this sys-
tem of roads, at least in the western part of this
line of roads, is owned by gentlemen living 111 the
East, in the old States. I call attention to the fact
that to save those gentlemen from rum, duung
the present session of Congress a bill was passed
which I thought was very unfair to (he owners of
railroad property in my State and the northern
part of Illinois, but it was done, as it was stated
at the time, for the purpose of saving the men who
owned the capital that built that road. Now, if
you deprive these men of a connection with the
mam Pacific raihoad that we propose to build,
you greatly depreciate the value of their slock m
the market, and enhancc the value of the stock of
the lines south of them; but if you include both of
these, and do not piovide a connection for the
railroad systems that extend across Illinois and
Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota, you enhance
the value of the property held by gentlemen in
that part of the country, while you diminish the
value of propeity held by gentlemen interested m
building these roads. To reconcile these conflict-
ing interests, these branch roads have been pio-
posed. One branch road would no more reconcile
these inteiests in Iowa and Wisconsin and Minne-
sota than they would in Missoun. If you pro-
pose to extend one branch opposite Iowa, I can-
not say where that branch will terminate on the
Missouri river, but it will be made to connect with
some one of the rival systems of roads, and thus
enhance the value of the stock held by gentlemen
in that system of roads, and depreciate, in a corre- h
spondmg degree, a similar kind of property held
by gentlemen in another system of roads living jj
north of tins. |'
When we consider the immense amount of :
capital that is invested in these long hnus ol iai!- l{
load extending from the Atlantic coast, from New Ij
England some of them, to the Mississippi livei, ij
all of which are progressing across the States west ,,
of the Mississippi river; when we consider that it ''
is necessary to preserve the value of their property,
the equilibiium of its value, the increased amount
of money and lands proposed in this bill is, as it
seems to me, insignificant; butas I said yesterday
I am willing that all these branches shall stand
or fall together. If the Senate choose to vote out
this branch, I state now that I am willing to vote
against every branch and so to amend the bill as
to provide that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall commence their main trunk road on
the Missouri river; lop off all the branches and
let the Union Company commence where they
choose; but if any of the branches stand, it seems
to me these four ought to stand. The increased
amount of bonds, I may observe here, is but a
mole. We expect that these railroad companies
will return the value to the Treasury in services
performer! under the direction of the War Depart-
ment and the Post Office Department. If they do
this in a reasonable period of time, the only in-
creased amount of property we lose by construct-
ing these branches will be the two million two
hundred and forty thousand acres of land which
the companies will probably derive under the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to say a word in reply
to the Senator from Iowa, who undertakes to cor-
rect my arithmetic on this bill. I have paid some
little attention to the bill, and 1 think 1 am right
in my figures. I speak of the bill as reported to
the Senate; and as reported to the Senate,itauthor-
ized the construction of a road from the mouth
of the Kansas river to the western boundary of
Kansas. I call that four hundred miles.
Mr. HARLAN. As the bill now stands the
starting point is not the western boundaryt>f Kan-
sas, the one hundred and second meridian, but the
one hundredth meridian, bringing the starting
point two degtees towards the Missouri river.
Mr. MORRILL. I am now fortifying the argu-
ment which I made when I was up before,saying
what the committee reported, and justifying the
remark I then made. I call that distance four
hundred miles. Then the bill authorized the con-
struction of a branch to the Hannibal and St.
Joseph road, one hundred miles. It then author-
ized a connection with the western boundary of
Iowa, three hundred miles. It then provided for
another branch connecting at Sioux City, three
hundred miles. It then provided for stili another
branch of fifty miles. These items in all make
eleven hundred and fifty miles. 1 believe I said
it was from twelve to fifteen hundred. Eleven
hundred and fifty miles will be found to have been
provided for in this bill, as 1 stated, before you
begin on the regular stem road west. Now, mul-
tiplying that by $10,000, you have $28,400,000 as
the product in cash provided for m this bill for
these branches. You must add to that the land,
ten sections per mile, which would be six thou-
sand four hundred acres for each mile of the road.
Put it at the Government price, and you have half
the value at least of the amount granted in cash.
Call it §14,000,000, and then you have $>42,400,000
provided for by this bill. I believe my statement
was $40,000,000. I now repeat and reiterate that
the bill provides for the construction of eleven
.hundred and fifty miles before you stait on your
main trunk for the Pacific, and at an outlay of
$42,400,000. I speak of the bill as it was before
it was amended, the bill as it came to the Senate
from the committee, and lam showing the neces-
sity of an amendment. I submit that 1 am justi-
fied in the assertion I have made.
I am perfectly agreed with the Senator from
Iowa as to the duty of the Senate in fixing the
point of departure on the Missoun river. I say
now that for us to charter a company to construct
a railway through the Territories of the United
States, connecting the Atlantic and the Pacific, to
begin at a point three or four hundred miles in the
interior of the country, a point entirely inacces-
sible either by any natural or artificial highway,
strikes me to be an absurdity.
But I did not rise to continue the discussion. I
only rose to justify myself in the statement I had
made in regard to the length of way provided, and
the outlay for these branches, leported to t he Sen-
ate by the committee. I am perfectly conscious
that it has been changed some what since, and my
remark, as applicable to the present state of the
bill, would not be jushiu-d.
The question bein^ taken by yeas and imys,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows;
VTEA.S—MebMb. Clatk, Collamer, Davis, Fessenden,
