1862.
THE COlSTG-EESSIOISrAL GLOBE.
1851
if they did not, before they charged that this fraud-
ulent contract had been made with a member of
Fremont's staff.
Mr. WASIiRtTRNE. Does the gentleman say
that the contract was a proper one? Has he any
fault to find with the committee for exposing the
contract ?
Mr. STEVENS. The contract is not brought
here in the resolution. If it was, I would vote
that the Mr. Sacchi who made the horse contract
should not get a dollar more money.
Mr.WASHBURNE. If he had an honest con-
tract, why did he not ask for the money due him ?
Mr. STEVENS. Because he did not furnish
the horses. [Laughter.] Because Fremont, hav-
ing limited the time, revoked the contract when it
expired, and would not let him go on and furnish
the horses.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman has cer-
tainly read the report, and he must have seen that
Sacchi did deliver a certain numberof horses,for
which six orseven thousand dollars was due him.
If it was a perfectly honest transaction, why did
not he appear and claim the payment of that
amount?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not say that it was an
honest transaction; and if the committee had set
upon old Sacchi about it, I should not have ob-
jected. The whole significance of it is m the ques-
tion—a little Jesuitical, perhaps, but it shows the
ingenuity of the gentlemen—" who would believe
that this same Sacchi, who had thus made this
contract with Fremont, or under his orders, was
one of his own statF?"
Mr. WASHBURNE. You say you would not
believe it.
Mr. STEVENS. I would not have believed it
unless I had known it. I would not have believed
that Fremont would have made a contract with
one of his own staff in that way, and I do not be-
lieve it yet, although tiic gentleman did assert it
in that interrogative way.
Having got through with what I had to xay
about No. 2, I come now to No. 3, upon winch
this resolution is founded, and my friend from
Massachusetts has discovered that it is that par-
ticular item which has interested me in this mat-
ter—I mean the contract with one Simon Stevens
for Hall's carbines, page 40 of the report. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, with that perfect
ingenuousness which is the index of his char-
acter, in attempting to account for my defending
some of these gentlemen against this report, and
not being able to conceive of a highei motive than
interest or connection, with a great flourish of
trumpets informed this House that they, y>ei-
haps, did not know what it was that produced the
disapprobation of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, but he would state to them
what it was; that the committee encountered from
him no opposition until they had touched a con-
tract in which one Simon Stevens was interested.
Now, I ask the House what the public would
infer, and what the gentleman intended that this
House should infer, fiom that statement? Why,
that because this man happens to be of the same
name, he is some connection or some family rela-
tive of mine. If he did not mean that, then it was
a most unmeaning flourish of trumpets. Now,
sir, at this point 1 will say that Simon Stevens is
in no way, even in the most remote degree, any
kindred of mine. The gentleman would not tell
the public that, nor have them believe it, I sup-
pose, from his remarks. I do not say this for the
purpose of casting any reflection upon Simon
Stevens. lie is a constituent of mine. I knew
his father when I was very young, in Vermont.
He is stillliving, and as intelligent and honorable
a man as that noble State has ever produced. His
son came to Pennsylvania to seek his fortune long
after I came there; not to the same county, but I
went to the county wheie he it-sided. His char-
acter, where he is known, stands as fair as that of*
any member of this House—except the commit-
tee. [Laughter.] He has never been charged or
impeached with fraud until now by this committee.
Mr. DAWES. Where was he educated?
Mr. STEVENS. In Vermont.
Mr. DAWES. Whoie did he study law?
Mr. STEVENS. He read law with me, and
hence i speuk of him with the more confidence
as being a man of unimpeachable character.
[Laughter.] And unless by these insinuations, j
which anywhere else would be despised, the gen- \
tleman can say naught to the contrary. What-
ever I may be, he is a gentleman of high charac-
ter and standing.
But it is said that until I found he was attacked
the committee encountered no opposition from
me. Does the gentleman from Massachusetts sep
in what an awkward place he puts himself? I
never knew that Mr. Stevens was attacked, nor
did anybody else to my knowledge, till the report
of the committee was published. How could 1
make any opposition to any part of its proceed-
ings until I knew what those proceedings were?
The first I ever heard of the charge was when the
book was first published. *
Mr. DAWES. Then I think that great injus-
tice has been done to the gentleman by this same
Simon Stevens.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is anything in the
record the gentleman may state it, but if the gen-
tleman is going to give parole evidence I must
object. We have had enough of that already.
Mr. DAWES. I was only going to tell the
gentleman 
Mr. STEVENS. You need not tell me. I do
not want to hear anything except what is in the
record.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania declines to yield.
Mr. DAWES. I see he does.
Mr. STEVENS. So much for the insinuations
of the gentleman as to motive. Now, what were
the facts? You will remember, from the report all
the way through, that the committee undertook
to infer that Simon Stevens bought and sold these
guns not for himself, but that it was a purchase
of Gencial Fremont's through Simon Stevens.
The adoption of the resolution would censure
General Fremont by charging him wuh attempt-
ing to get for these carbines ten dollars each more
than they cost, and with buying them from the
Government through an agent. Hence it was that
I humbly submitted to the Chair that this was a
resolution of censure on General Fiemont, and
that iheiefore I had a light to offer my lesulution
as an amendment. Now, did not the gentleman
know that was not true? Had he not direct evi-
dence that that contract was made by Simon Ste-
vens, not for General Fremont, but for himself?
The committee called Simon Stevens before it,
and asked him that question. He was asked
whether he bought these arms and sold them for
himself, or on account of General Fiemont; and
he distinctly swore that nobody having anything
to do with the Government had anything to do with
hispurchase orsale of those arms. He was asked:
r Were you ;u fine duii £ any of the time you mention
as an agent ot tlu' Government?"
And his answer is:
" I was not in any manner whatever."
Now,sir, having some evidence that Mr. Simon
Stevens had sent some guns to General Fiemont
by express, the committee reasoned from that that
General Fremont purchased these arms, through
him, for the Government, and afterward sold them
for his own profit. General Fremont would not
go voluntarily before the committee, but he pro-
fessed his readiness to go if summoned. The com-
mittee was often inwted to subpena him, but did
not do it, although he was several weeks in this
city. A member of this House [Mr. Sedgwick]
addressed him a letter which, with General Fre-
mont's reply, I ask to have read  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Several Members. Let the gentlemen from
Pennsylvania conclude his remarks.
Mi.'WASHBURNE. I will not object to that;
but I am veiy sorry that the same courtesy could
not have been yielded to my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Dawes] when he desired to make
an explanation.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
Mr.WASHBURNE. I do notbbjp'cr, although
my colleague was very abruptly cut off the other
day.
Mr. STEVENS. Not by me.
Mr. WASF1BURNE. I am proud to say, sir,
that it was not by you. You would never have
done such a thing.
The following documents were read:
Dopsn or Rf prfsfxt vtivfs,
Washington City, Fchncary 2d, ISivX
Sir: J tie-in- to have a ^t.itement fiom y>u. m wilting,
fot the of the l3(. :i.-eoi «'h to whether
you purchased the tin* thousand Hall'.- cai bines alluded to
in the repoit ot the committee to investigate Government
contracts, of which Mr. Van Wyck is chairman, from Si-
mon Stevens, or through him; and whether at any time Mr.
Stevens was acting for you in the purchase or forwarding
of ordnance stores to St. Louis during the time you were In
command of the western department.
I have the honor to be very truly your obedient servant,
C. B. SEDGWICK.
Major General J. C. Fremont, United States Jlrmy.
Washington. February 22,1862.
Sir : In reply to your note of inquiry, daiedteOth instant
and received to-day, I have to say that the Hall's carbines,
concerning which question is made, were purchased by
me (ihcctiy fiom Mr. Stevens, and not through hun, agree-
ably to the offer of sale received fiom hun bv telegram.
Subsequently—about the 18th of Au^t—Mr. Stevens
was appointed to a post on my staff, and instructed by me
10 occupy himself as might be directed in procuring and
forwarding arms and stoics from New York and consign-
ment's to me fiom Europe on account of the United States.
In this capacity he continued to net until about the 26th
September,
With icspect, yours truly, J. C. FREMONT.
Hon. C. B. Sedgwick, House of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, Mr. Speaker, we have
the positive testimony of Simon Stevens that in
this matter he acted for himself, and not as an
agent, and we have also the express declaration of
General Fremont that he bought these arms di-
rectly from Simon Stevens, and not through him.
And yet this resolution is so framed as to assert
—and the committee, in its report, undertakes to
assert—that General Fremont must have bought
them through an agent, and that Simon Stevens
was the agent for the purpose. I ask, therefore,
whether I characterized this report too harshly
when it asks you to believe this, and when it de-
clares that Simon Stevens is a perjured man, with-
out having called a witness to impeach him ? That
is not the sort of justice which the citizcns of this
country expect fiom committees of Congress. It
is not the kind of infei encc by which men's char-
acters arc to be destroyed. As I said before, this
effort, insidious as it is, jesuitieally drawn as itis,
is an effort to chaige General Fremont with pur-
chasing these aims from the Government,through
Simon Stevens, making it his transaction and his
gain, instead of the transaction and gam of Ste-
vens; and that is the proposition which tins House
is called upon to affirm. Now, I have a right to
say that such a report as that is wholly false and
unworthy of credit, for I have proved it to be so.
The House must say so. If Simon Stevens pur-
chased these arms from the owner at a cheap rate,
had them altered, and then sold them back, it was
a speculation which may not be very pleasant to
look at; but it was a legitimate business transac-
tion, and involves no officer of the Government.
If any officers of the Government were involved,
they were those who sold the arms at $3 50 cach.
Simon Stevens purchased them for $12 50, and
after having them rifled and breeched, he sold
them to General Fremont at $22. General Fre-
mont states, in his testimony, that they are good
arms, and that they are now in use in the western
department.
Mr. SHANKS. They are in use in General
Halleck's army, and did good service at the battle
of Pea Ridge.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to turn his attention to the testimony of
Captain Callender, of the St. Louis arsenal.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] and General Fremont as
quickly as I would Captain Callender, or any other
cullender that may be brought up. It is amazing
with what tenacity my friend from Massachusetts
will insist on fixing fraudulent conduct on citi-
zcns who have not offended him, interlarding, very
often, his own testimony to bring out the testi-
mony of others. It is accounted for in a measure
by his habits and training as a prosecuting offi-
cer. We often acquire habits in this way which
we cannotget lid of. I do not tlnnk this quality
natural to my friend. He says that we have abused
this report, and characterized it as a lying report.
1 was speaking of the effect of the instrument, and
did not desire to be understood as implying false-
hood on the part of the committee. I propose to
cail a living witness to prove that, fact, because I
stand bv what I say, and will prove it if I can; if
I cannot, I will retract it.
Geneud Fiemont,on hissworn testimonybefore
the joint committee on the conduct of the war,
uses this language, in reference to the opportunity
afforded him by the committee of the House of
being heard:
£< And while examining into the conduct and events of
the wai, I think it right to call the attention of your com-
