LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on,
Monday, the 2d day of December, A. D. 1861, and ended on Thursday, the 11th day of July, A. D. 1862.
Abraham Lincoln, President. Hannibal Hamlin, Vice President, and President of the Senate. Solomon Foot
was elected President of the Senate, pro tempore, on the 31st day of March, and so acted until the 21st day of
May inclusive; he was again elected on the -20th day of June, and continued so to act until the end of the
session. Galusha A. Grow, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
[The Index to the Laws follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chapter I.—An Act to farther promote the
Efficiency of the Navy. •
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever the name of any naval
officer now in the service, or who may hereafter
be in the service of the United States, shall have
been borne on the Naval Register forty-fiveyears,
or shall be of the age of sixty-two years, he shall
be retired from active service, and his name en-
tered on the retired list of officers of the grade to
which he belonged at the time of such retirement.
Sec. 2. A ndfie it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to assign any officer who may be re-
tired under the preceding section of this act to
shore duty, and such officer thus assigned shall
receive the full shore pay of his grade while so
employed.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall have the author-
ity to detail from the retired list of the Navy for
the command of squadrons and single ships such
officers as he may believe that the good of the
service requires to be thus placed in command;
and such officers may, if upon the recommenda-
tion of the President of the United States they
shall receive a vote of thanks of Congress for their
services and gallantry in action against an enemy,
be restored to the active list, and not otherwise.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States shall have the authority
to select any officer from the grades of captain or
commander in the Navy, and assign him to the
command of a squadron with the rank and title
of a " flag officer;" and any officer thus assigned
shall have the same authority and receive the same j
obedience from the commanders of ships in his ;
squadron holding commissions of an older date ;
than his that he would be entitled to receive were ;
his commission the oldest; and to receive, when
so employed, the pay to which he would have [
been entitled if he were on the active list of the ;
Navy. '
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all offi- 1
cers retired under the provisions of this act shall j
receive the retired pay of their respective grades 1
as fixed by law. I
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That promo- !
tions shall be made in the place of officers retired |
under the provisions of this bill as is now pro- j
vided by law. I
333
Sec . 7. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and is hereby, authorized
to cause two hundred " medals of honor" to be
prepared, with suitable emblematic devices, which
shall be bestowed upon such petty officers, sea-
men, landsmen, and marines as shall most distin-
guish themselves by their gallantry in action and
other seamanlike qualities during thepresent war,
and that the sum of one thousand dollars be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury, for the purpose of carrying this
section into effect.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, That the hours
of labor in the navy-yards of the United States
shall be the same as in the private ship-yards at
or nearest to the post where such navy-yard is es-
tablished, and the wages to be paid to all employes
in such yards shall be, as near as may be, the
average price paid to employes of the same grade
in private ship-ytjrds or workshops in or nearest
to the same vicinity, to be determined by the com-
mandant of the navy-yard.
Approved, December 21, 1861.
Chap. II.—An Act to increase the Duties on Tea,
Coffee, and Sugar.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the date of the pas-
sage of this act, in lieu of the duties heretofore
imposed by law on articles hereinafter mentioned,
there shall be levied, collected, and paid on the
goods, wares, and merchandise herein enumerated
and provided for, imported from foreign countries,
the following duties and rates of duty, that is to
say: First. On all teas, twenty cents per pound.
Second. On coffee of all kinds, live cents per
pound. Third. On raw sugar, .commonly called
Muscovado or brown sugar, and on sugars not
advanced above number twelve, Dutch standard,
by claying, boiling, clarifying, or other process,
and on sirup of sugar or of sugar cane, and con-
centrated molasses or concentrated melado, two
cents and a half per pound, and on white and
clayed sugar, when advanced beyond the raw
state, above number twelve, Dutch standard, by
clarifying or other process, and not yet refined,
three cents per pound; on refined sugars, whether
loaf, lump, crushed, or pulverized, five cents per
pound; on sugars after being refined, when they
are tinctured, colored, or in any way adulterated,
and on sugar candy, eight cents per pound; on
molasses, six cents pergallon: Provided, That all
sirups of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated mo-
lasses or concentrated melado, entered under the
name of molasses, or any other name than sirup
of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated molasses
or concentrated melado, shall be liable to forfeit-
ure to the United States, and the same shall be for-
feited.
Approved, December 24, [1861.]
Chap. III.—An Act relative to Courts-Martial in
the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in time of war the commander of
a division or separate brigade may appoint gen-
eral courts-martial, and confirm,execute, pardon,
and mitigate their sentences, as allowed and re-
strained in the sixty-illth and eighjy-ninth articles
of war to commandersof armies and departments:
Provided, That sentences of such courts extend-
ing to loss of life or dismission of a commissioned
officer shall require the confirmation of the gen-
eral commanding the army in the field to which
the division or brigade belongs: And provided
further, That when the division or brigade com-
| mander shall be the accuser or prosecutor, the
: court shall be appointed by the next higher com-
: mander.
! Approved, December 24, 1861.
, Chap. IV.—An Act to provide for Allotment
| Certificates among the Volunteer Forces.
I Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
i sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
. assembled, That the President of the United States
, shall appoint, for each State having volunteers in
the United States service, not exceeding three per-
sons, who shall be authorized by the President's
commission to visit the several departments of the
Army in which volunteers from their respective
I States may be, and there procure from said vol-
I unteers from time to time their respective allot-
' ments of their pay to their families or friends,
duly certified in writing, and by them, or by some
commissioned officer of such department, attested
in pursuance of such orders as may be made for
that purpose by the Secretary of War, and upon
which certified allotment the several paymasters
i shall, at each regular payment of troops, give
drafts payable in the city of New York, to the
order of such persons to whom said allotments
; were or may be made.
