1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2813
Mr. CLARK. The bill does not require a con-
nection at either place, but you have to go into
the Kansas road by the very provision of the bill.
The provision is:
That the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company of
Missouri may extend its roads from St. Joseph, via Atchi-
son, to connect and unite with the road thiough Kansas,
upon filing its assent to the provisions of this act, upon the
same terms and conditions, in all respects, for one hundred
miles in length next to ttie Missouri river, as aie piovided
.in this act, &c.
Mr. BROWNING. But it does not require it
to connect at Fort Riley.
Mr. CLARK. But that is the extreme point at
■which you can connect, and is most favorable to
the Senator's view. That is the point at which it
makes the least angle.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I understand this
bill differently. The Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company are to receive pay butforone
hundred miles. They are not, however, required
to make their connection within a hundred miles.
They can make the connection where they please.
Mr. BROWNING. That is it.
Mr. CLARIC. If the Senatois will look at the
bill, they will see that it is " to connect and unite
wifh the road through Kansas."
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. We are to con-
nect and unite with the road through Kansas any-
where weplease,but we are not to be allowed pay
for more than one hundred miles.
Mr. CLARK. "Upon the same terms and con-
ditions, in all respects, for one hundred miles in
length next to the Missouri liver." Can you go
any further without authority of Congress?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. We cannot get
pay beyond that. We do not ask pay for more
than one hundred miles.
Mr. CLARK. I am told by the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] who has given some exam-
ination to the sectional map which I have before
me, and from which you can ascertain the dis-
tances, that this deflection will only make about
twelve miles further in going to Port Riley, and
will save te the country fifty miles in expense. It
seems to me—and this is all I aim at—that in
making this multitude of branches, where you are
going to run one road into another you should
make your connection and run in at as early a
point as practicable. There are local advantages
to be gained by it to which I do not advert; but I
advert to the great national undertaking, the car-
rying forward this road from one ocean to the
other.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. When the Leaven-
worth line was stricken down, I could, with very
great propriety, have made the remark that the
Senator from Illinois has made. When the pro-
vision of the bill was agreed upon that the Kan-
sas valley road should be compelled to go north
two degrees, I could, with much more propriety,
have made the remark that the Senator from Illi-
nois has made. The friends of the Sioux City
branch are compelled to make a greater detour
from their line than is proposed for this line by
this proposition. Are we to single out the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road, and give it a preference
over the other two roads? I am very sorry, in-
deed, that the Senator from Illinois should be so
wrapped up in a local question as that upon it he
should be influenced in his vote on the bill. Na-
ture, I say to the Senator from Illinois, has fixed
the route from Atchison at fifty miles. You can-
not, with any reasonable expense, construct a road
from Atchison to Fort Riley or Manhattan. By
the route that is proposed by this amendment you
have good ground.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not understand the
provisions of this bill as requiring a connection to
be made with the road through Kansas within one
hundred miles of the Missouri river. According
to my reading and understanding of the bill, they
may from St. Joseph construct their one hundred
miles in a due westerly direction. Thatis all they
get pay for.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator then permit
me to say that if that is the construction of the
bill, my amendment does not change it, it only
strikes off fifty miles for which we pay? It allows
you to go in the same direction.
Mr. BROWNING. Exactly; but that is one
of the things 1 complain of. It does tend to change
it, because I think the Senator has argued his
amendment—I have got my understanding oi it
from his argument and not from looking at the
amendment itself—lie has argued it as compelling
this road, if it were adopted, to make this connec-
tion with the other roads within fifty miles.
Mr. CLARK. I think it is obliged to make the
connection within one hundred miles bythe bill,
and I propose to cut down the one hundred miles
to fifty.
Mr. BROWNING. I think the understanding
the Senator has of his own amendment is that it
compels a connection within the fifty miles, which
it cannot do without making a very short angle
and running almost south, out of the line.
Now, sir, in reference to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Kansas I wish to say to him that I did
not assist in striking down either of the branches
thathe complains havebeen stricken down. I have
in good faith done what I understood the com-
mittee substantially pledged themselves to do—
stand by the bill as it came from the committee,
and support it as it was; and I have voted for none
of these amendments to mutilate it. Still, if gen-
tlemen feel themselves at liberty to depart from
t he provisions of the bill as it was matured in com-
mittee, tear it to pieces, sacrifice this road if in
their view some local interest requires it to be sac-
rificed, I do not feel myself under any obligation
to stand by any portion of it unless it meets my
entire approbation, and unless in my judgment it
is a wise thing to vote for it as it will stand after
it shall have gone through with all the process of
amendment that it is now being subjected to. If
this amendment is made; I do not think it will
commend itself to my mind, to my view as a wise
measure, and therefore I shall not vote for it, be-
cause the value of it will have been so far impaired
as to leave no longer a sufficient inducement for
me to vote for so stupendous an undertaking as
this is. I have stood in good faith by what was
done in committee; I have voted in good faith for
the bill as it came from the committee, and against
all the amendments that were proposed.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. The Senator from
New Hampshire also proposes to amend by in-
serting a provision that no compensation shall be
allowed to the Hannibal road for extending their
road from St. Joseph to Atchison. I have stated
on several occasions here that the St. Joseph road
terminates at the city of St. Joseph, and they have
no line to the city of Atchison. The effect of that
amendment is simply that the Hannibal and St.
Joseph road, as I have stated on a former occa-
sion, will be entirely at the mercy of the Platte
County road. If you allow them no compensa-
tion for building a road from St. Joseph to Atchi-
son, they must of necessity negotiate with that
company on the best terms they can make with
that corpoiation. This is very un just to the Han-
nibal road, bccausc I know that that company
have no interest in the Platte County road. It
happens to connect with them, and perhaps, upon
occasions, they do business together; but they
have no connection in law or in interest, so far as
I know or believe. This branch has been suffi-
ciently crippled already by turning it out of us
direction to the town of Atchison, and I hope that
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire will not be agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. Itwould be very singular if we
gave §16,000 a mile for the Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph road to build a road right alongside of the
Platte County road. The object of my amend-
ment was to get the advantage of that road, so
that we shall save the money of the Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. 1 will state to the
honorable Senator that a road may be built by
this company with much greater advantage, as I
believe, on the west side.
Mr. CLARK. That may be. They may de-
sire to build a rqad side by side of another road;
but I do not believe the Government desires to put
§16,000 a mile into such a parallel road when it
can transport its mumtionsof war and accommo-
date the travel by the road tluU is already built.
I do not think that would be wise. It would be
as if we had a road to the Pacific, and then wanted
to run another road alongside of it to illustrate the
argument. We want to take advantage of all the
pieces of road that are built to bring them into con-
nection, so as to save expense and procure and
secure the advantage of those roads. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Clark.Coliamer, Davis, Dixon,
Fesscnden, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, and Tea
JEyck—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning,Cowan, Doolittle, Foot, Hen-
derson, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Mc-
Dougall, Ncsmitil, Powell, Rice, Stark, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wiiley, Wiimot., Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADE. I have an amendment to offer,
that has been suggested to me by several gentle-
men who, I suppose, are capitalists, as to the lo-
cation of the commission. The amendment is in
the eighty-fifth line of the first section, on page 4,
to strikeout " Chicago"and insert "Cleveland."
The object of this amendment is to have the as-
sembling of these commissioners at Cleveland
instead of Chicago. It is suggested to me by a
great many men that Cleveland will be a more
central point, and that they will gather together
there easier, and with more facility, than at Chi-
cago.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think Chicago will be
more convenient in many respects.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I wish to offer a mere verbal amend-
mentto insertsome names from Minnesota,so that
we may be able to make connections. I move as an
amendment to insert after " Blakely "in line forty-
five of section one, on page 3, "Dwight Wood-
bury, John McKusick, and John R. Jones."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, (Mr. Anthony occupying the
chair.) I move to amend by the insertion of a
name in the commission. On the 2d page, after
"Keyes" in the thirty-seventh line, I move to
insert " Thomas H. Canfield."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I mo veto insert the names
of" A. D. Seward," and " Henry A. Swift."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I move after " Grant" in line
eleven of page 1, to insert " Thomas W. Olcott"
and "Samuel B. Rugglcs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I propose
to amend the billon page 8,after the word " act"in
tile fifteenth line of section two, by inserting " but
where the same shall contain timber, the timber
thereon is hereby granted to the said company,"
so as to read:
Tile United States shall extinguish as lapidly as may
ho ihe Indian title? to nil hinds falling under the opprafion
of this act—but wheie the* same shall contain timber the um-
ber tlipreon is lieieby gianted to the said company—and
requued for the said right of way and giants heiciuatter
made.
I will simply say in support of the amendment
that one of the great difficulties of constructing and
running a Pacific railroad will be the want of tim-
ber, and, therefore, as these lands are covered with
timber, I hope this amendment will be adopted.
It will be for the interests of the country.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been requested by
some gentleman from Nebraska, as they are not
represented here, to move to insert two names
from Nebraska, "T. M. Marquette" and "Wil-
liam H. Taylor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I have some names that I
wish to bcinserted; "CharlesMcLaughlin,Tim-
othy Dane, and John R. Robinson."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to move' an amend-
ment 011 the 11th page of the present copy of the
bill as printed to-day. I wish to strike out on that
page in line fourteen of section five the words "as
hereinafter provided;" and in lines twenty-four,
twenty-five and twenty-six, to strike out "when
required so to do by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in accordance with the provisions of this act."
This bill carries the idea and in this section pro-
vides for the repayment of this loan, as gentle-
men call it. Ina subsequent section it is provided
the payment shall be made in the carrying of
mails, supplies, and military stores for the Gov-
ernment at fair prices, and also thatfive per cent,
of the net proceeds or gains shall be set apart for
the Government. That is all the provision there
is in the bill for the payment. There is a security
attempted to be given in this section. It provides,
beginning at the thirteenth line, "and to secure
