1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
these guns cast there. Why, sir, the time for the
use of these guns will have been passed before the
foundation of that establishment could be laid.
Wc ask these guns for to-day, when the country
is in danger, and not for use in some future war.
We want them to put upon ourvesselsand in our
forts. We want them to putupon the vesselsnow
building. Wc want these heavy guns, without
which these vessels are harmless. The gentle-
man's constituency are as much interested as any
other. These guns are necessary, also, upon the
western rivers and lakes.
Attention has been called to appropriations pre-
ceding this. They are for powder, shells, and
round shot. When the estimates were prepared
for the Committee of Ways and Means in October
or November last, it was not known how many
of these missiles would be used between that time
and this. Dispatches from Commodore Golds-
borough state that the ammunition of his fleethad
been entirely exhausted, and that he had been com-
pelled to send a dispatch-boat to Fortress Monroe
for more; and he says that there is notenough there
to furnish what he needs for immediate active oper-
ations upon the coast. The appropriation for ord-
nance stores has been expended. They are not
inexpensive by any means. War is an expensive
game, and if we will play at it we must furnish the
means.
Gentlemen talk about building founderies.
Why, sir, it will take a year to put that foundery
in motion, while we want to hear the thunder of
these heavy guns before Congress adjourns. I
hope that the amendment to the amendment will
be rejected.
The question was taken; and Mr. Arnold's
amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Sedgwick's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter from the Navy Department.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Department, February 4, 186$.
Sir : { have the honor to invite the earnest atti-ntion of
the committee to a fiuther appiopi lation for the puipose of
building an additional number ot gunboats.
At the period when the naval estimates were prepared
the principal machine shops of the, counny were taxed to
their utmobt to piovide for the vessels already authorized,
and there seemed a prospect of obtaining from the mercan-
tile marine all the additional steamers requited for blockad
ing purpose*. This last source of supply is aboutexhauned,
and the principal shops are so far advanced with the Gov-
ernment work as to be prepared to contract for more. The
success which has attended the vessels already eon^tiuctcd,
tlWrgieat efficiency at sea and in battle, and the inevit-
able necessity of further increasing this e!a«s of armed
ships urges me to ask an appropriation of $15,000,000 to be
added to the naval estimates now befoie the House; also
§1,000,000 more lor oidnanec. I piopose to build most of
these steam vessels of about ten feet draft of water, with a
very high rate of speed, and capable of canying six guns of
the heaviest calibcr used in the Navy. They will be sim-
ilar to, but larger than, the side-wheel vessels now build-
ing. As the gunboatfleet are put afloat tiie expensive sailing
frigates wilfbe withdrawn, thereby making a saving to the
Government, and adding to the efficiency of this arm of the
service.
I aiu, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. C. B. Sedgwick,
Chairman Naval Committee, House of Representatives.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For building additional gunboats, §15,000,000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask how much we
have already appropriated for this purpose?
Mr. SEDGWICK. We have made a special
appropriation of$10,000,000for building iron-clad
gunboats.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is this for the same class of
vessels?
Mr. SEDGWICK. This is for an entirely
different class of vessels; for the same class of
gunboats wc have already in use.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It seems a very large amount,
but if it is necessary, I am ready to vote for it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire if
this is for the twenty additional gunboats author-
ized by the act which passed the other day? ;
Mr. SEDGWICK. No, sir. This is for an j
entirely different class of boats. Those provided :
for the other day wore iron-clad gunboats. !
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Are these to be in
addition to those authorized the other day?
Mr. ENGLISH. Those are to be iron-clad;
these arc not.
Mr. SEDGWICK. They are an entirely dif-
ferent class of vessels.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. McKnight reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly bill of the House No.
242 making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, lb62j and had directed him to report the
same to the House with sundry amendments, and
with a recommendation that it do pass.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
question of privilege.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is this: Henry Wikoff,
who was ordered into the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms for contempt of the authority of
this House, having answered the question pro-
pounded to him by the committee, ana thus purged
himself of the contempt, 1 ask that he be brought
before the bar of the House and discharged from
custody. The resolution of the House provided
that the witness should be kept in custody only
until he appeared before the committee and an-
swered the question propounded to him.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know from
the chairman of the committee what that answer
was. [Laughter.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I suppose that the House,
at the proper time, will come into possession of
his answer.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; but it is asked now
that he shall be discharged.
ThcSPEAKETL The Chair thinks the sub-
ject is not before the House, after the report made
hy the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The resolution provided that the witness
might purge himself by answering the question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I submit that, inasmuch as
he is in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms by
the order of the House, it requires an order of the
House to discharge him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
order of commitment itself provided for the dis-
charge of the witness on purging himself, and that
no order of the House is necessary. He could be
discharged either in that way or by the order of
the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, that is satisfactory
to me.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The House then proceeded to consider the naval
appropriation bill, with the amendments reported
thereto from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The amendments were severally concurred in
without discussion, except in the cases mentioned
below.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union reported an amendment to insert, after the
word "employed," where it occurs in the sixty-
third line, the following:
Without any additional compensation therefor than the
official pay of such officer so employed.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER. I observe a slight
verbal inaccuracy in that amendment, taken in the
connection in which it occurs. I therefore move
to amend the amendment, by substituting therefor
the following:
Nor snail such officers when so employed receive any
compensation m addition to then official pay.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then adopted.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union reported the following amendment, to come
in at the close of the bill:
For building additional gunboats, $15,000,000.
Mr. HOLM AN. This is an immense appro-
priation. There have been very large appropria-
tions made heretofore for the same purpose, and
I desire to inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs whether this appropriation
is based upon estimates of the Navy Department,
and what is the character of the vessels proposed
to be built, and whether they are designed for sea
service ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The letter just read ex-
plains the whole matter. If the gentleman'from
Indianadid not hear it, I will repeat the substance
of it. These gunboats are intended to be built
with a special regard to swiftness, and with a large
armament in few guns—not to exceed three or
four guns to a boat. They are to be of the same
class of gunboats which nave during this war,
so far, done all the execution that has beendone
in the taking of the various forts that have beeft
reduced. Th6y have been tried, and found to be
exceedingly efficient, and the Department desires
to build these additional ones upon the same gen-
eral plan, the only difference being that they will
endeavor to make them much swifter than those
already built. They are also more intended for
sea-going vessels than those built heretofore.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How soon will these gun-
boats be built?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gunboats that were
contracted for under the law of last summer were
built in about a hundred days, and these can be
built in the same time. They will, of courBe,be
built at different yards, some of them at the navy-
yards, and some by private individuals.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether
this recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy
has been considered by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and whether this amendment is offered by
the direction of that committee?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have received the letter
from the Secretary since there has been a meeting
of the committee. I offer the amendment, not by
direction of the committee, but at the urgent solici-
tation of the Department, who have considered this
matter, and desire this appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that this appro-
priation is not to be used during the fiscal year
beginning on the 1st of July next, but is a defi-
ciency for the current year. I would inquire of
the chairman of the committee whether that is
the fact ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is not a deficiency, but
the appropriation is to be expended during the
present year. The Department expect to expend
it immediately, as soon as these boats can possi-
bly be constructed, either at the navy-yards or in
private ship-yards.
Mr. HOLMAN. How much was appropriated
at the extra session of Congress for this purpose,
and how much hrfs been already appropriated at
this session ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. These figures can be easily
footed up by any gentleman who will look at the
law of last session, i have not got it before me,
and therefore I cannot tell.
Mr.HOLMAN. .1 had taken it for granted that
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
upon whose opinion, to some extent, these vast
sums of money are being appropriated, would be
exceedingly familiar with all the appropriations
heretofore made for these purposes.
We are appropriating millions of dollars which
are to be drawn from the people by direct taxa-
tion, with, it seems to me, but very little consid-
eration. There is no limitation imposed on the
Secretary of the Navy in the expenditure of this
money. There is no provision whatever that as
many of those boats shall be built at the yards
belonging to the Government as can be. There
is no limitation imposed upon him as to the man-
ner in which he shall enter into contracts for their
construction. There is no provision made to obtain
fair competition. But we are to place this vast
sum of money under the mere control of a single
officer of the Government, of whom I may be per-
mitted to say, without intending to destroy any
confidence winch the people ought to entertain in
one of the high public functionaries of the Govern-
ment, that his connection heretofore with some
operations of the Naval Department has not re-
sulted most favorably for our interests. If, how-
ever, the House is determined to make the appro-
priation; if the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Navy is of itself sufficient for us to base
our judgment upon, withinlwenty minutes after
the subject is brought to our attention; if we are
to act on the opinion of the head of the Depart-
ment, without any other data than the very brief
letter which has been read before the House—if
that is to be the policy of the House of Represent-
atives, the guardian of the public Treasury, the
peculiar representative of the masses of the peo-
ple, then I see very little hope that any limitation
