1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is m
I met there the Governor and chief justice ofPenn-
sylvania, several officers of the Army, and mostof
the Cabinet; and the Commander-in-Chief of the
armies and navies of the United States was also
present at that polluted and polluting feast, which
the gentleman from Massachusetts has twice
dragged before the public.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has probably
inadvertently fallen into two mistakes: the first is
that I asserted, here or elsewhere, that any of his
colleagues were there with him; and secondly, that
I have brought out here twice this matter of the
feast. It was a telegram from this city, contained
in the public papers, and it was considered of suf-
ficient importance to state that the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania was there, and that
the purposeofthe feast wasprecisely what I stated
to the House. I did not say it in any such con-
nection as the gentleman has used it. Nor have I
ever put the matter of the feast in connection with
the fact that the men who protested against the
appointment of Mr. Cameron afterwatds went up
and 
Mr. STEVENS. I understood the gentleman
to say, in connection with that feast, that old po-
litical feuds and horse contracts were there settled.
Mr. DAWES. I do not qualify that. I repeat
it, and stand by it.
Mr. STEVENS. That the gentleman repeats,
but gives no evidence of it. He is in the habit of
asserting things of winch there is no evidence and
no foundation in fact.
But, sir, the gentleman stated another thing. He
stated that after I had stated what 1 did and made
my attack upon their report on the Monday when
the committee were absent, he accountcd for it by
saying that that gentleman—1 understood him to
refer to an ex-Cabinet minister—was in this Hall
and came to my seat and immediately congratu-
lated me upon the success of my achievement. I
would be irlad if the gentleman would tell me the
source of his information.
Mr. DAWES. I would be glad to have the
gentleman state whether Mr. Cameron did not
appear at his seat on Wednesday last and take
him by the hand and congratulate him upon the
matter which transpired on Monday.
Mr. S'-i'EVENS. 1 say he did not. Now, I
ask for the authority.
Mr. DAWES. lie appeared at your seat on
Wednesday ?
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Cameron was not here
on Monday, that I know of.
Mr. DA YVES. That was not my interroga-
tory.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me finish my answer. On
Wednesday Mr. Cameron called here and asked
me when he could have an interview with me;
and I believe that is all he said. He did not then,
nor has he since, mentioned to me my speech, or
its effect.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman, if he has read
my remarks, will understand that I said that 1 did
not have the privilege of being present when he
attacked me and my associates, but that I was in-
formed that subsequently to this attack, General
Cameron appeared at his seat and congratulated
him. I state now that I was so informed. The
gentleman says that General Cameron did appear
at ins seat just when 1 say he did, that he did take
him by the hand just when I say he did, and did
ask him when he might have a private interview
with him. What else he said I do not know, and
I do not care.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not time to turn to
the gentleman's speech, but it strikes me that
the gentleman connected Geneial Cameron's pres-
ence m this flail with my speech on that same
"lijr. DAWES. I state further that I did sup-
pose that he was here on Monday, for I undei-
stood a gentleman to tell me distinctly that Gen-
eral Cameron was here on Monday, and with the
gentleman he mentioned. I know he was here
on Wednesday, and that was the time to winch I
referred, when he appeared at the gentleman's seat
and congratulated Inm upon his achievement.
Mr. STEVENS. I have now the gentleman's
speech before me. He favs:
£- Ssr, i am not pot milled V> oveilook uUn thr oomuvion
of otiiet,> in t!u- maftei. Although j had not the ])nviK' e
of hems puseiit during the fo;t patt of tlui wet k. when tins
s-ct'iii' f am niioti!i"d th.it :t distin^Ui'licd <'X-
lunctionarv of the Government was lieie ill tins House as
strong, for the executive power treated them as
I expect they deserved to be treated, with silent
contempt. General Cameron was appointed a
member of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet. There was
no reason why, if he spoke to me, I should not
speak to him. Hxhad done me no harm, but he
took it into his head that it was offensive for me to
go with others to the President to protest against
his appointment as a Cabinet officer, as no doubt
it was. He cut my acquaintance, and we had no
further intercourse until I came here to Congress
last July.
In the mean time General Cameron was a Cabi-
net officer, and I made up my mind, as a Chris-
tian, I suppose, to forget what I had said about
him, and to judge him by his official conduct. I
intended that my judgmentof him should be con-
trolled by his official conduct. I was somewhat
surprisedthat he took the same view of conducting
and ending this war that I did. I know that there
was a difference of opinion whether he was right
or wrong. I thought that he was right. I thought
he was better upon that ground than any other
member of the President's Cabinet. I had ascer-
tained, not through him, but through others, that
he had written instructions to General Sherman,
in Cincinnati, which had been materially altered
before they reached him. I-Ie was in favor of
employing fugitives from labor or service m the
service of the United States; but there was added
that " this, however, was not to be a general arm-
ing of them for military service." "You will as-
sure all loyal masters that Congress will provide
just compensation to them for the loss of the ser-
vices of the persons so employed. You willassure
all persons held to involuntary labor who may be
thus received into the service of the Government,
that they will, under no ciicumstances, be again
reduced to their former condition, unless at the
expiration of their lespcctive terms of service they
freely choose to return to the service of their former
masters." The latter was in the original, but it
was all stricken out. The people know how his
report was emasculated. I felt that he was right,
and I said here, and I said everywhere, that 1
would support him so long as he pursued that
course. After I had said that publicly, General
Cameron waited on me, and he came, he said, to
lenew our acquaintance. Pie said that he saw I
was supporting him, and as we had to act together
he desired to bo on terms of personal intercourse.
I replied that T had not the slightest objection. I
told him that 1 would support him so long as he
followed out the course which lie had started. 1
told linn further, that I would look upon his past
record as a blank sheet, and that I would judge
him by his official conduct as a Cabinet officer.
That is how General Cameron and I came to
speak.
The gentleman who has alluded to this personal
matter has seen no indelicacy either in referring
to private hospitalities m this city. He said that
I was found at General Cameron's table, with
others, and that there all of these differences were
reconciled through four horse contracts, yielding
a profit of some four hundred thousand dollars.
I do not know whether any slander is attempted
to be insinuated against mo. llesaidmycolleague
was there, and that these contracts settled all
political differences, and that we went before the
Pi evident upon our knees and begged to withdraw
our protest against General Cameron. I would
like to know upon what authority the gentleman
makes that declaration. Neither my colleagues or
myself ever withdrew any protest which we had
made to the President, nor did we ever attempt to
apologize for it. Yet the gentleman would make
the public believe that because of these horse con-
tracts some of my colleagues withdrew the pro-
test which they had made against the appointment
of Geneial Cameron to a Cabinet appointment. I
regret that the gentleman should have deemed it
necessary to give currency to this slander. After
the time referred to, I was invited to dine with
General Cameron, in company with the Governor
and chief justice of Pennsylvania. I could see
no a;ood reason why I should not. I went there,
and 1 did not find one of my colleagues who had
protested to the President"against the appomt-
mentofGoncralCameron. I mettlieie some thirty
persons, whom 1 did not feel very much ashamed
to have met, though if the insinuations of tne gen-
tleman were true, I ought to have been ashamed.
the generalissimo on that occasion. I am informed that
subsequently lie appealed at tiiu seat of the distinguished
member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] and congratu-
lated him on the signal success of his achievement over
the committee."
Mr. DAWES. I was so informed.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow us
to know who informed him?
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman want a
private conversation ?
Mr. STEVENS. Why was it made use of in
this House, if it was a private conversation?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman, in undertaking
to defend General Fremont from an attack made
behind his back, thinks it justifiable to attack
somebody else behind his back; and the person
attacked behind his back was compelled to get the
information as to the manner in which the attack
was made from those who knew about it.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object to that; but
I want to know who gave such information.
Mr. DAWES. I have not myself the slightest
objection to informing the gentleman; but I do not
suppose the gentlemen who gave me the informa-
tion desire to have their names involved,and them-
selves exposed to the scarification of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall not scarify the gen-
tlemen, if I know what that word means. [Laugh-
ter.] The gentleman awhile ago said that he was
informed that Alexander Cummings, when he
was so sick that ho was not expected to recover,
said that if he got well he would confess his sins
and make a clean breast of it.
Mr. DAWES. I repeat it now, and I have
the good fortune to know that it does not depend
upon my recollection alone.
Mr. STEVENS. And the gentleman will not
give the name of his informer when lie is asked
lor it.
Mr. DAWES. When a man charges me with
lying ho must take what he gets in return, and
should "hot expect me to give him any sort of
explanation until he retracts what ho lias said.
Mr. STEVENS. To whom does the gentle-
man refer?
Mr. DAWES. I refer to the man who com-
plains that I will not give Llie name of my informer.
Mr. STEVENS. Several have made that com-
plaint.
Mr. DAWES. Having charged me with lying
upon this floor merely because the printer makes
a mistake, when I attempt to reply he goes around
whining, and wants me to give the name of my
informer. I told him distinctly that 110 man who
made such a charge against me could hold any
correspondence with me. I refer not to the. gen-
tleman who is now speaking; but to the man whom
ho is trying to defend by a very small hole in the
indictment.
Mr. STEVENS. I must leave this matter, as
the gentleman will not say from whom he derived
his information. 1 have detained the House too
long upon a mere personal matter.
I am willing to believe that the members of the
committee are actuated by the purest of motives
in this investigation. 1 cannot believe that it is an
innate love of scandal which induces them to tlieir
couise. They must have some higher motive. I
can hardly believe that they should rejoice or lake
any pleasure in feeding upon the mangled car-
casses nf the reputanons of tlieir fellow-citizens,
for that would bo ranking them with the furies of
the French Revolution, who attended the scaffolds,
who dipped their handkerchiefs in human gore,
and gobbled up the garbage which lay around the
foot of the guillotine.
Mr. HOLM AN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. WASIIBURNE, who moved that the
House adjourn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Pending the motion,
The SPEAKER,, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting, in corn-
j plianee with a resolution of the House of Repre-
j sentativcs of the 24th of February last, asking
j information in relation to insurgent privateers in
foreign ports, a report from the Secretary of State,
and accompanying' documents; which were laid
oil the table, and ordered to be printed.
Ami then (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
