334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
3tih Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the per-
sons appointed as commissioners to carry into
effect the preceding section pf t{iis act stiall, re-
ceive no pay or emoluments whatever, from the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fifth
section of the act of twelfth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, giving sutlers a lien upon the
soldier's pay, be and the same is hereby repealed;
and all regulations giving sutlers rights and priv-
ileges beyond the rules and articles of war bre,
and the same are hereby, abrogated.
Approved, December 24,1861.
Chap. V.—An Act making an Appropriation for
Gunboats on the Western Rivers.
jBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmerica in Congress
assembled, That the sum of one million of dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated* out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for gunboats on the western rivers.
Approved, December 24, 1861.
Chap. VI.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Payment of Invalid and other Pensions of
the United States for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted Inj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sjxtv-
three :
For invalid pensions under various acts, six
hundred and forty thousand dollars.
For pensions under acts of eighteenth March,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifteenth May,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and seventh
June, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows of those who served
in the revolutionary war, under the third section
of the act of fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, the acts of seventh July, eightSen hun-
dred and thirty-eight, third March, eighteen hun-
dred and fortyUhree, seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-four, second February and
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and second section act of third February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under
first section act fourth July, eighteen hurfdredand
thirty-six, act of twenty-first July, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, first section act of third Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, and act
third June,eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,three
hundred and forty thousand dollars.
For Navy invalid pensions, forty-five thousand
dollars.. •
For Navjr pensions to widows and orphans,
under act of eleventh August, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, two hundred thousand dollars.
For privateer invalid pensions, six hundred
dollars: Provided, That no pension shall be paid
under this act to any person who has been en-
gaged in the present rebellion against the Govern-
mentofthe united States, or who has in any way
given aid and comfort to those engaged in the re-
bellion.
Approved. January 8, 1862.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to promote the Efficiency
of the Dead Letter Office.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jlmeriea in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be°au-
thorized to return all dead letters, except those
containing circulars and other worthless matter,
to their writers, whenever their'names can be as-
certained. All valuable letters to be charged treble,
and alt others double, the ordinary rate of post-
age, to be collected from the writers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, to en-
able this to be done, the Postmaster General is
authorized to employ not exceeding twenty-five
additional clerks, at salaries not exceeding an
average' of eight hundred dollars per year, and no
one to receive over twelve hundred dollars per
year: Provided, He is satisfied that the receipts
for. dead letter postage will amount to a sum suf-
ficient to pay the aggregate compensation of the
said clerks. And he shall report to the next ses-
sion of Congress the additional income from this
source, with its cost and statistical results.
Approved, January 21, 18(«.
Chap. IX.—An Act in relation to the Letters of
Sapors and Marines in the service of the Unite'd
States. a
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the act of July
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and-sixty-one,
authorizing soldiers to send letters through the
mails of the United States without pre-payment
of postage, is hereby extended to the sailors and
marines in the actual service of the United States,
under such regulations as the Post Office Depart-
ment shall provide, the postage thereon to be paid
by the recipients.
Approved, January 21, 1862.
Chap. X.—An Act to authorize the President to
appoint two additional Assistant Secretaries of
War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, two additional Assistant
Secretaries of War, whose salary shall each be
three thousand dollars per annum, who shall per-
form all such duties in the office of the Secretary
of War belonging to that Department as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of War, or as may
be required by law. The offices of these addi-
tional Secretaries to continue for one year.
Approved, January 22, 1862.
Chap. XI.—An Act amending the provisions of
the second sectionoftheActof Januarytwenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, en-
forcing the Attendance of Witnesses before
Committees of either House of Congress.
BeMt enacted byHhe Senate and House of Kepre-
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the second sec-
tion of the act entitled " An act more effectually
to enforce the attendance of witnesses on the sum-
mons of cither House of Congress, and to compel
them to discover testimony," approved January
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
be amended, altered, and repealed, so as to read
as follows: That t.he testimony of a witness ex-
amined and testifying before either House of Con-
gress, or any committee of either House of Con-
gress, shall not be used as evidence in any criminal
proceeding against such witness in any court of
justice: Provided, however, That no official paper
or record, produced by such witness on such ex-
amination, shall be held'or taken to be included
within the privilege of said evidence so to protect
such witness from any criminal proceeding as
aforesaid; and no witness shall hereafter be al-
lowed to refuse to testify to any fact, or to produce
any paper touching which he shall be examined
by either House of Congress, or any committee
of either House, for the reason that his testimony
touching such fact, or the production of such pa-
per, may tend to disgrace him or otherwise render
him infamous: Provided, That nothing in this act
shall be construed to exempt any witness from
prosecution and punishment for perjury commit-
ted by him in testifying as aforesaid.
Approved, January 24, 1862.
Chap. XII.—An Act authorizing an increase of
the Clerical Force in the War and Navy De-
partments.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the clerical and
other force now authorized by law in the War
Department and its bureaus, the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to appoint as follows: In the
officeof the Secretary of War, four clerics of class
one; in the office of the Adjutant General, eighteen
clerks of class one, and two messengers; in the
office of the Quartermaster General, ten clerks of
class one, and one messenger; in the office of the
Surgeon General, two clerks of class one, and one
laborer; in the office of the Paymaster General,
eight clerks of class one, and one messenger; in
the office of the Chief of Engineers, one clerk of
class one; in the office of the Chief of Ordnance,
three clerks of class one; in the office of the Com-
missary General, three clerks of class one, and
one laborer. And the Adjutant General is au-
thorized to employ in his office any number, not
exceeding ten, of non-commissioned officers, to
be selected by him from the Army, in addition to
his present clerical force.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be authorized to employ four
additional clerks of class one for that Department.
Approved, January 27, 1862.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to provide for the Protec-
tion of Overland Emigrants to California, Ore-
gon, and Washington Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That, for the protection of emigrants
on the overland routes between the Atlantic States
and California, Oregon, and Washington Terri-
tory, the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary-of War, if, in his judgment, the same
may be necessary.
Approved, January 27, 1862.
Chap. XIV.—An Act to pay the Expenses of the
Special Committee of the House. ofRepresenta-
tives, appointed July eighth, eighteen hundred
and si«Kty-cuie, to ascertain and report in regard
to Contracts with any Department of the Gov-
ernment for Provisions, Supplies, Transporta-
tion, & c.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of ten thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to pay the expenses
of the special committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives appointed on the eighth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to ascertain and
report in regard to contracts made with any De-
partment of the Government for provisions, sup-
plies, transportation, &c.; and said sum shall be
drawn from the Treasury upon the order of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Representa-
tives, as the same shall be required from time to
time by the committee having such investigation
in charge.
Approved, January 31, 1862.
Chap. XV.—An Act to authorize the President of
the United States, in certain cases, to take pos-
session of Railroad and Telegraph Lines, and
for other Purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assem6iei!,That the President of tiie United States,
when in his judgment the public safety may re-
quire it, be, and he is hereby, authorized to take
possession of any or allthe telegraph lines in the
United States, their offices and appurtenances; to
take possession of any or all the lailroad lines in
the United States, their rolling-stock, their offices,
shops, buildings, and all their appendages and ap-
purtenances; to prescribe rules and regulations for
the holding, using, and maintaining of the afore-
said telegraph and railroad lines, and to extend,
repair, and complete the same, in the manner most
conducive to the safety and interest of the Gov-
ernment; to place under military control al! the
officers, agents, and employes belonging to the
telegraph and railroad lines thus taken possession
of by the President, so that they shall be consid-
ered as a post road and a part of the military es-
tablishment of the United States, subject to all the
restrictions imposed by the rules and articles of
war.
Sec. 2. Jhxd be it farther enacted, That any at-
tempt by any party or parties whomsover, in any-
State or district in which the hiwa of the United
