832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
Trail-be imposed by this Congress on the expend-
itures of the Government, or that we shall be able
to go before our people with any confidence that
they will bear up under the burdens of taxation
which our system of appropriating money so lav-
ishly will impose upon them.
Mr, SEDGWICK. Speaker, Congress
has appropriated money for the Navy with great
liberality. It lias hitherto ordered to be built
twenty-three gunboats, twelve side-wheel vessels,
and three iron-clad vessels.
Mr. PIKE. May I ask the gentleman the cost
of the gunboats?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gunboats, proper, cost
about two hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I want to say a word in
this connection, and then I will answer any ques-
tion. I said that Congress liaij been very liberal
in making these appropriations; but the Navy has
got something to show for the money expended
on it. It has got Hatteras, and Port Royal, and
Roanoke island, and it will have taken every for-
tified place on the rebel coast within the next four
months if liberal appropriations are continued to
be made for it. The Navy has put the Army in
possession of those points, leaving the Army at
liberty to take up its winter quarters, or its sum-
mer quarters there, or to move into the interior.
These naval vessels will, if liberal appropriations
be made, deliver over all the fortified places on the
southern coast into your hands. The Navy will
not ask you to make appropriations for it any
longer than it will continue to show you that they
are well applied, and that they will give you value
for the money yon spend. When our naval ves-
sels cast anchor in the mud and stay there, I will
be the first to say, " cut off the appropriations."
But so long as the Navy is going on, penetrating
the continent in every direction, with those gun-
boats that have been built, it should be liberally
sustained. Not a single one of these gunboats
has yet been damaged, except ail altered ferry-
boat, with its boiler on deck, which was, by an
accidental shot, disabled for a time. Not one of
these gunboats that has not rendered a good >jc-
count of itself. They have come out unharmed
from all the actions in which they have yet been
engaged. They are substantial vessels—such as
the nature of this war required^ and if you want
to put down this war, you must furnish the Navy
Department with the -vessels that it requires for
service.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This is all right. I think that
the country has reason to be satisfied, and more
than satisfied, with the Navy ^from the captureof
Hatteras down to the capture of Elizabeth City.
I am, for one. But still this fact does not show
that we ought to appropriate more than is neces-
sary. It does prove conclusively that we ought
to appropriate all that is necessary; and this we
are entirely willing to do. Hence an argument
of this kind is not particularly appropriate, al-
though it is very pleasant indeed to have these
facts recorded. Now, it is not at all certain that
the chairman of the Naval Committee would,
upon investigation, recommend this. At the rate
at which boats were built last summer, this appro-
priation would build about three hundred boats.
We cannot have them built within three months,
and, according to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Seduiviuk,] we are to have the whole coun-
try captured in four months.
'Mr. SEDGWICK. We will stop building
them so soon as the rebel strong-places are all
captured.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well; but we will have them
on the stocks. I am perfectly willing, and more
than willing, to vote everything neccssary for the
Navy; and if the Committee on Naval Affairs will
say that they have investigated this subject, and
that^ this appropriation ought to be made, I am
willing to vote for it. I should like it to have a
little more consideration.
Mr. SEDGWICK* The amount is not fixed
by me. It is fixed by the Navy Department,
which say that they require this amount to be
expended. I am satisfied with their judgment.
Mr. PIKE. I do not want to oppose°this ap-
propriation. I believe that a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy was read, but I did not hear
it, and so I made an inquiry of the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs for information
as to this appropriation of §15,000,000. If I un-
derstand correctly the contracts for the building
of gunboats last summer ranged from fifty-five to
sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. SEDGWICK. My dear sir, the engines
cost $58,000 for a single boat.
Mr. PIKE. Wait till I get through. Do not
be in a hurry. The building of the gunboats cost,
by contract from fifty-five to sixty thousand dol-
lars. ,In addition to that was the cost of the en-
gines, which probably amounted to about as much
more. At these rates this appropriation would
build one hundred and fifty boats; and therefore
I desired to make the inquiry whether these boats
were to be of the same character as those that
were made last summer. I was willing to vote a
large appropriation, but as the matter had not
come before the committee, I was not possessed
of the facts, and I did not suppose that the House
was.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know whether
it would not be better to fix the number of gun-
boats that we are to build. I do not understand
that the appropriation of $15,000,000 fixes the
number of gunboats. I am not aware that any-
thing is known as to how many boats we are to
build.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution (No. 49)
for the relief of the loyal portion of the Creek,
Seminole, Chickasaw, and Choctaw Indians; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Mr. ALDRICII. I move that the joint reso-
lution he taken from the Speaker's table for the
purpose of putting it upon its passage, and I ask
that a communication from the .Secretary of the
Interior be read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the resolution appro-
priate any money?
Mr. ALDKtCH. Not a dollar.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object. One thing at
a time.
Mi. A'LDRICH. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection, and hear a communica-
tion read from the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not object when we
get through with this naval appropriation bill.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill, the question being on the
amendment olTered by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sedgwick.]
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether the
Senate has not already passed a bill which has
been sent to us, fixing a certain number of gun-
boats to be built?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Not that I am aware of.
Mr. STEVENS. There has been some such
bill introduced. Can the gentleman inform me
how many gunboats are proposed tobcbuiltunder
the appropriation ? I am willing to vote an amount
for any reasonable number; but $1,000,000 has
been added already, and hero is $15,000,000 more
asked, without our knowing how many boats arc
required. I do not feel myself free to vote in that
way. I would rather that this amendment should
go to the Committee on Naval Affairs for further
consideration.
Mr. WICIvLIFFE. When we commenced to
make appropriations, I was willing to vote for any
amount asked by the Government for the purpose
of carrying on the war and preserving the Union.
I believe that we could cut down the civil list, or
the appropriations ordinarily made in time of
peace.
This is a proposition, I understand, to appro-
priate $15,000,000 to increase the number of gun-
boats. I do not hke the general term, but 1 am
willing to give this Government all that is neces-
sary, and all that they ask to prepare themselves
to continue this campaign for the suppression of
the rebellion. I am perfectly satisfied with the
efficiency of the gunboats that have been built for
use on the western rivers. They have been tried,
and tried most successfully; and I am perfectly
satisfied that they will have to build more before
the war is ended. I shall therefore vote for this
appropriation, although it is a large one.
Mr. DUNN. I concur with my colleague, [Mr.
Holman,j in the necessity there is of confining
the expenses of this war to the smallest possible
amount, consistent with its vigorous prosecution.
I believe the best way of reducing our expenses
is to prosecute the war vigorously. A day's de-
lay costs more than the building of half a dozen
gunboats. Wherever these boats have been em-
ployed they have proved eminently efficient. By
means ofgunboats we secured our most important
victories on the Atlantic coast. By means of gun-
boats our forces have taken Fort Henry and pen-
etrated up the Tennessee river into Alabama. It
was by gunboats we achieved our brilliant victory
at Roanoke island.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of my col-
league, if he observes the fact that these gunboats
cannot be built in a less period4han four months,
and in the second place, that the appropriation
does not come here recommended by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs? If I understand correctly,
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
brings this amendment before this House upon
his individual responsibility, not having presented
the matter at all for the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and this appropriation is
to be pressed through the House instantly, with-
out consideration, upon the simple recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, without any
limitation whatever as to the number of vessels to
be built, as to how they are to be constructed, as
to how the contract shall be made, or any other
restriction or limitation whatever upon the power
of the Secretary of the Navy in the expenditure
of the money ?
Mr. DUNN. I have observed all that, and I
regret the proposition did not come sooner. I re-
gret the boats were not ordered four months ago.
Now, I admit that it is objectionable to give all
this power to the Secretary of the Navy; but I
will say, in justice to that officer, that I believe,
with one single exception,and that relating to the
purchase of vessels m New York, his Department
has been administered with less cause of complaint
than any other Department of this Government.
My present impression is that a great wrong was
done in that transaction. When I am called upon
to vote upon the conduct of the Secretary of the
Navy in reference to that single transaction, I shall
vote upon it as, in my judgment, public justice re-
quires. But, sir, I have confidence in the integ-
rity of the Secretary of the Navy. I believe that
he has shown a great deal of administrative abil-
ity, and that he has administered his Department
without cause of complaint as to expenditures,
with the single exception I have named.
I believe, as I have said, the speediest way of
putting an end to this war is to give to the Gov-
ernment the means of prosecuting it with vigor,
and wherever we find a Department disposed to
act with energy and promptness, to give it all it
can reasonably demand.
_ The people of the Mississippi valley are impa-
tientto have that river opened. It is our highway
of commerce. We cannot reach the markets of
the world through any otherchannel with our sur-
plus products. Our surplus is too great for rail-
road transportation. Wc want gunboats to take
Columbus, Memphis, and New Orleans; and after
these points arc taken, and the Mississippi opened,
we want gunboats to keep it open. If the rebellion
should be crushed to-morrow, for many months,
and perhaps years, we will need gunboats in every
southern port and in every southern river to pro-
tect the commerce of the North and the property
of loyal citizens. The commerce of the Missis-
sippi valley is too vast to be left at the mercy of
those who proved so faithless to all the obliga-
tions of honor and justice. I shall, therefore, vote
for this amendment, great as is the amount it ap-
propriates, believing the expenditure in its results
will prove economical.
Mr.KELLEY. Iconcurentirely with whathas
been said by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn,] who has just taken his seat. During the
protracted period of inaction on the part of the
Army, while no motion could be got out of it, the
Navy has gone on and added to the glory of the
country.
On the other side of the Atlantic to-day, noth-
ing can be pointed to as having been achieved by
the Army that looks to the suppression of the
rebellion. The Navy Department, on the other
hand, has told a story that is heard and listened
to there.
This is not an appropriation to be expended if
