1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
Laws" of the United States.
37111 Cong....2d Sbss.
States are opposed, or the execution thereof ob-
structed by insurgents and rebels against the Uni-
ted Skates, too powerful to be suppressed by the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, to resist
or interfere with the unrestrained use by Govern-
ment of the property described in the preceding
section, or any attempt to injure or destroy the
property aforesaid, shall be punished asamilitary
offense, by death, or such other penalty as a court-
martial may impose.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That three
commissioners shall be appointed by the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to assess and determine the
damages suffered, or the compensation to which
any railroad or telegraph company may be enti-
tled by reason of the railroad or telegraph line
being seized and used under the authority con-
ferred by this act, and their award shall be sub-
mitted to Congress for their action.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the trans-
portation of troops, munitions of war, equipments,
military property, and stores, throughout the Uni-
ted States, shall be under the immediate control
and supervision of the Secretary of War and such
agents as he may appoint; and all rules, regula-
tions, articles, usages, and laws in conflict with
this provision are hereby annulled.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of each of the commissioners aforesaid
shall be eight dollars per day while in actual ser-
vice; and that the provisions of this act, so far as
it relates to the operating and using said railroads
and telegraphs, shall not be in force any longer
than is necessary for the suppression of this re-
bellion.
Approved, January 31, 1862.
Chap. XVII.—An Act making appropriations
for the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses of
the Government for the year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
additional Appropriations for the year ending
thirtieth June; eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof America in Congress
assembled., That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States at
Great Britain, Prance, Russia, Prussia, Spain,
Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China, Italy, Chili,
Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Belgium,
Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, New Gra-
nada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala,
Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands, Costa Rica,Hon-
duras, Argentine Confederation, Paraguay, and
Japan, three hundred and one, thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, forty-
three thousand three hundred and fifty dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Paris, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
-China, five thousand dollars. v
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as interpreter, three thousand dol-
lars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation to an interpreter to the con-
sulate at Kanagawa, fifteen hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, three thousand dollars.
For expenses qf the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, namely, interpreters, guards, and
other expenses of the consulates at Constantino-
ple, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of tile masters and crews
of foreign vessels in rescumgcitizens of theUni-
ted States from shipwreck, seven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
arms of the United States, seals, presses, flags,
postages, and for the payment of miscellaneous
expenses of the consuls of the United States, in-
cluding the preservation of the archives of the
consulates, forty-five thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general, con-
suls, and commercial agents, who are notallowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon,
twenty-sevef! thousand three hundred and sev-
enty dollars.
For salaries of consuls general at Q.uebec,
Calcutta, Alexandria, Havana, Constantinople,
Frankfort-on-the-Main; consuls at Kanagawa
and Nangasaki, in Japan, Liverpool, London,
Melbourne, Hong Kong, Glasgow, Mauritius,
Singapore, Belfast,.Cork, Dundee, Demsrrara,
Halifax, Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds, Manches-
ter, Nassau, (New Providence,) Southampton,
Turk's Island, Prince Edward's Island, Havre,
Paris, Marseilles, Bordeaux, La Rochelle, Lyons,
Moscow,Odessa, Revel, St. Petersburgh.Matan-
zas, Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, San
Juan, (Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga, Ponce,
(Porto Rico,) Trieste, Vienna, Aix-la-Chapelle,
Canton, Shanghai, Fouchou, Amoy, Ningpo,
Beirut, Smyrna, Jerusalem, Rotterdam, Amster-
dam, Antwerp, Funchal, Oporto, Saint Thomas,
Elsineur, Genoa, Basle, Geneva, Messina, Na-
ples, Palermo, Leipsic, Munich, Leghorn, Stutt-
gardt, Bremen, Hamburg, Tangiers, Tripoli,
Tunis, Rio de Janeiro, Pernambuco, Vera Cruz,
Acapulco, Callao, Valparaiso, Buenos Ayres, San
Juan del Sur, Aspinwall, Panama, Laguayra,
Honolulu, Lahaina, Capetown, Falkland Islands,
Venice, Stettin, Candia, Cyprus, Batavia, Fayal,
Santiago, (Cape de Verdes,) Saint Croix, Spez-
zia, Athens, Zanzibar, Bahia, Maranham Island,
Para, Rio Grande, Matamoras, Mexico, (city,)
Tarnpico, Paso del Norte, Tabasco, Paita,Tum-
bez, Talcahuano, Carthagcna, Sabanillo, Omoa,
Guayaquil, Cobija, Montevideo, Tahiti, Bay of
Islands, Apia, Lanthala, Bristol, Cardiff, Malta,
St. John, (Newfoundland,) St. John, (New
Brunswick,) Pictou, (Nova Scotia,) La Union,
Barbadoes, Bermuda, Antigua,Nantes, Napoleon
Vendee, Nice, Lisbon, Gottenburg.Tehuantpnec,
Santos, St. Catherine, Balize, Gaspe Basin, Va-
lencia, Port Mahon, Martinique, Taranto, San-
tander, Galatz, Bilbao, Scio, Paramaribo, Macao,
Stockholm, Ancona, Otranto, Swatow, La Paz,
Bergen, Trinidad, Barcelona, Quebec, Maricaibo,
Algiers, Port au Prince, San Domingo, (city,)
Monrovia, Cape Haytien, Aux Cayes, and New-
castle-upon-Tyne; commercial agents at San Juan
del Norte, St. Paul de Loanda, (Angola,) Ga-
boon, St. Marc, Cura§oa, and Amoor River, three
hundred and fifty-one thousand five hundred and
fifty dollars. And the salary of the consul at Bre-
men shall be three thousand dollars, to commence
on the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two;andtheconsul at Pictou (NovaScotia)
shall receive a salary of fifteen hundred dollars,
to commence on the first day of January, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two; and the salary of the
consul atSwatow shall be thirty-five hundred dol-
lars, to commence on the twenty-first day of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and sixty; and the con-
sul at Port Mahon shall receive a salary of fifteen
hundred dollars: Provided, That all consular offi-
cers whose respective salaries exceed one thou-
sand dollars per annum shall be subject to the
provisions of the fifth section of the act to regu-
late the diplomatic and consular systems of the
United States, approved August eighteen, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six; and their respective
consulates shall be included in schedule B, of the
list of salaried consulates: And provided further,
That no appointments of consuls shall hereafter
be made, nor the compensation of consuls raised,
under the act of August two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, except to the places herein men-
tioned. And theoonsul at Newcastle-upon-Tyne
shall receive r salary of fifteen hundred dollars
per annum, commencing on the first day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
For interpreters to the consulates in China, four
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, seven
thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts in
Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for wages
of the keepers of the same, nine thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be and" the same are hereby appro-
priated for the service of the year ending the
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
namely:
For compensation and increased salaries to sun-
dry consuls, under the act of second August, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, fifty-four thousand
one hundred and eleven dollars and ninety-seven
cents.
To meetan extraordinaryemergency which has
arisen in bringing from Sidney, New South Wales,
eight seamen, belonging to the ship "Junior,"
charged with the crimes of mutiny and murder,
a guard of seven men, and also eleven of the crew
as witnesses, fifteen thousand and seven dollars
and ninety-two cents, or so much thereof as may
be just and fair; said sum to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of State.
Approved, February 4, 1862.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to strike from the Pension Rolls
the names of such persons as have taken up
arms against the Government, or who may have
in any manner encouraged the rebels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to strike
from the pension rolls the names of all such per-
sons as have or may hereafter take up arms against
the Government of the United States, or who have
in any manner encouraged the rebels or manifested
a sympathy with their cause.
Approved, February 4, 1862.
Chap. XIX.—An Act making appropriations for
the Support of "the Military Academy for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives cf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are'hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and mu-
sicians, one hundred thousand dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, four thousand
one hundred and sixty-one dollars.
For forage for officers' horses, one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' servants,
sixty dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, as follows:
repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus,
forage, postage, stationery, transportation,print-
ing, clerks, miscellaneous and incidental expenses,
and departments of instruction, thirty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For gradual increase and expense of library,
one thousand dollars.
For expenses of the board of visitors, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For forage of artillery and cavalry horses, five
thousand dollars.
For supplying horses for artillery and cavalry
practice, one thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery exercise,
one hundred and fifty dollars.
For furniture for hospital for cadets, one hun-
dred dollars.
For annual repairs of gas pipes and retorts,
three hundred dollars.
For warming apparatus for academic and other
buildings, three thousand dollars.
For kitchen of cadets'mess hall, one thousand
dollars.
For latrines at cadets' camp ground, one thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, February 10, 1862.
