1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
retary of State to furnish the names of persons
arrested by his order in Kentucky.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will dispose of
this joint resolution. It will take but a moment.
We got nearly through with it yesterday, when
we were interrupted by an executive session. I
hope we shall dispose of that now.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my motion for
the present, but when the joint resolution is dis-
posed of I shall renew it.
The consideration of the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 66) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to discharge contractors with his Department
when they have furnished the amount estimated
in their contracts, and fifty per cent, additional,
was resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not present in the
Committee on Naval Affairs when this joint res-
olution was considered, although my attention
was called to it by the chairman. A little reilec-
tion has convinced me there may be danger in pass-
ing the resolution. The difficulty is this: by the
general law regulating contracts and which ap-
plies as well to the Navy as to the Army, indeed
to all the Departments, nearly everything is pur-
chased fiom the lowest bidder, after advertise-
ment; but the amount of articles required is not
alsvays accurately specified, and thus sometimes
the schedule of articles contains very few of one
thing and very many of another. The privilege
is reserved to the Department always to increase
any article demanded, and the contractor files his
bid with that view. Now, I know many cases of
fraud that have occurred in regard to this very
matter. Contractors have filed bids offering to
furnish certain articles that they knew would not
be required at a very low price indeed,and many
articles which they knew would be lequired in
great quantity at a very high rate, and although
upon averaging their bid it might appear to bo the
lowest, yet with their knowledge of the business,
with their knowledge that a large quantity of the
aricle for which they had bid a high price would
undoubtedly be called for, they made large sums
out of the contracts. If this joint resolution is
passed, a bidder of this kind would probably get
great advantages, because if he foetid that some
of the articles on which he bid low were called for
in quantity, he would have the contract set aside.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the joint resolution be
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Vermont
asks that the joint resolution be read.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to ascertain whether
it is obnoxious to the objection.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ver-
mont will see that, as is usual, a large number of
articles are bid for by a contt actor, with a distinct
understanding that the Department may call for
a greater number of one kind, or a less number
of another. This substantially defeats the im-
portant provision of the contracts, which is in-
dispensably necessary in contracting for the Navy
and the War Department. It seems to me that
it would be better not to interfere with the law
regulating contracts, unless the Judiciary Com-
mittee or some committee having charge of the
subject should examine it. The present law on
the subject does not relate exclusively to the Navy
Department; it relates to all the Departments: and
I think a year or two ago a new law was passed
regulating the manner in winch the Departments
should make contracts; and it seems to mc it
would be very unwise to change that law without
full consideration.
Mr. HALE. I believe that the particular mat-
ter referred to in this resolution is not a matter of
law, but a matter of practice, and amatterof form
that the Departments use in making their con-
tracts. Tiie evil to which the Senator from Ohio
refers undoubtedly hasoccutred; and complaints
have been made in the public papers that it has
been done with the connivance of some of the
officers in the Navy Department, that these con-
tractors have had knowledge ot What tlvy would
want and what they would not want. This joint
resolution does not require these contracts to be
abrogated, but simply gives to the Secretary of
the Navy power (ok lease contractors m cases
where he sees that injustice is being done.wheie
they have furnished everything they contracted
to furnish, and fifty per cent, additional.
If the Senator fiom Vermont will give me his
attention for a moment, I will tell him what, as IJ
understood from the House of Representatives,
gave rise to this joint resolution. There was a
contract entered into by some very honest and
worthy gentlemen in the State of Massachusetts
to furnish some article—at this moment I do not
know what it was—at a stipulated price. The
contractors were men worth about forty thousand
dollars. Soon after the contract was entered into,
the article which they agreed to furnish rose in
the market very much. They were called upon
to furnish it at a much less price than the market
price, accoiding to the terms of the contract, until
they actually failed, and the $40,000 they were
worth when they commenced was all sunk by the
Department exacting from them the rigid fulfill-
men t of the terms of their contract. You must have
some confidence in your heads of Departments;
you must have some confidence in their discre-
tion, in their judgment, and m their honesty. This
resolution simply authorizes—not compels—the
Secretary of the Navy, where he sees a case like
that, and the contractors have furnished the whole
stipulated amount, and fifty per cent, in addition,
to release them. That is all it does; and itseems
to me, as long as we have honest officers at the
head of the Departments, there is no difficulty to
be apprehended from its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not question the hon-
esty of the head of any Department. I merely
look to the general effect of such legislation. Take
the case mentioned by the Senator from New
Hampshire; if the article falls in value, the Sec-
retary goes on and is compelled by law to get the
aiticle from that contractor, all that he requires of
it for the service during the fiscal year, although
the article may have fallen largely in value; hut
yet, under the operation of this resolution, if the
article goes up in value, so that the contractor
loses money, the Secretary may discharge the
contractor. Thus the contract will always be
against the Government. If the article goes down,
and is cheapened to the contractor, so that he can
furnish it at a great profit, the Department is
bound to take the article from him, all that is re-
quired duiing the fiscal year; but if the price goes
up, so that the contractor loses money, the De-
partment may discharge him from his'*contiact.
Let me state a case that was given to me by the
Superintendent of Public Printing. It seems that
bids weie filed for famishing paper, and among
the items named was a class of paper that is not
now used, very expensive paper, which formerly
was used here in Congress. The contractor,
knowing that it was not used, bid on this article
a very low figure indeed, so low that when they
came to sum up the aggregate his bid was the
lowest, although on the articles that he would
actually be required to furnish his bid was higher
than others. The law compelled the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing to give the contract to
the man whom he knew would get the most money
from the Government. In order to avoid that,
after the contract was made, the Superintendent
of Public Printing made a requisition on the con-
tractor for this expensive class of paper. The
contractor came to him and said, " what do you
want of this paper? I cannot furnish it for three
timeswhat] shallgetforit." The Superintendent
said, " very well; you agreed to do it, and by
agreeing to it you got a large price for other pa-
per." That is the case as presented there. Under
the operation of a bill like this, if the same prin-
ciple was extended to him, the Superintendent of
Public Piinting might release the. contractor from
this hard parfof the bargain, and yet he could
;[ not lelease the contractor fiom the other; the cun-
i, tractor would not desire it. I thmk that all laws
'I regulating the mode of contracting with the Gov-
;1 ernmentshould be made caietully, and should not
!i be changed except after full consideration. In
ji making thisobjecdon, I certainly do not question
j! the honesty or integrity of the Secretaiy of the
Navy, but I say simply that the rule ought to be
applied rigidly m every case.
:i Mr. GRIMES. This is a new question to me,
:i and 1 should hk^ to be informed whether or not
the punlic service requires this change Is that
1 the view of the Department?
Mr. l-IALE. I do not think that that is the
view of the Department. They do not think the
,! public service d<>es require it. If is an actofjus-
ij tice to contractors. And while I am up, if the
li Senate will indulge mc a single moment, I will
mention a case that has occurred under our recent
legislation. For instance, a contract to furnish
the Department with coffee has been made, run-
ning, I believe, for a number of years; and by an
act of Congress the duty on coffee has been in-
creased,and consequentlythepricehasrisen. The
contractors have applied for relief to the head of the
Navy Department, who has informed them that he
has no power to relieve them, and they must go on.
That is only one of a species of cases. The public
service undoubtedly, so far as the matter of econ-
omy is concerned, does not require it. It is a
matter of relief to honest contractors, reposed in
the discretion of the head of the Department. But
as there seems to be some opposition to it, I will
consent that the. joint resolution shall he over,
and I will consult the Department about it, and
see what their views are.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be postponed.
"WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. POWELL. I now renew my motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky to give way to enable me to make a motion
which will occupy but a moment. I desire to call
up a bill with a view to its recommitment.
Mr. POWELL. I yield.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 178, with a view to its recommit-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 178)
to incorporate the Washington and Georgetown
Railway Company.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the bill and
amendments be recommitted to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
ARRESTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL. I now renew my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the following resolution:
Resolved,' Fhat the Secretary ot State be, and he is hereby,
diieeted to infoim the Senate how many residents or citi-
zen*. of the State of Kentucky have been arrested or re-
moved fiom stud State by ins order or direction, and con-
fined or impiisoned outside of the limit* ot said State, since
the Jst of Septembei last; that he state the names of the
persons arrested, anil the camps, forts, or prisons where they
are oi weie confined; how long they and each of them have
been imprisoned; and that lie give the number and names
of the persons so arrested and impiisoncd who have been
released, and the names of the peo>ons so arrested who are
:?till confined, and the place or places wheie they are im-
pri-oned ; and that lie repoit to the Senate the names of all
the citizens ot Kentucky that have been imprisoned by his
orders.
Mr. SUMNER. The other day, as the Sena-
tor from Kentucky will remember, I opposed the
taking up of the resolution. I shall not oppose the
motion to take up now, but when the resolution is
taken up, I shall offer a substitute.
The motion of Mr. Powell was agreed to;and
the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move to strike out all
after the word " resolved," and insert the follow-
ing:
That the Piesident of the. United States be requested to
communicate to the Senate, if in hi-s opinion not incom-
patible with the pubic mt<'ro-t>,_, any information in hi> pos-
m'Sj-ioii touching the arte?! ot'persons m Kentucky •mice the
1st of Soptembci, 1861, and their imprisonment beyond the
limits oi that State
Mr. POWELL. I trust the substitute will not be
adopted. The resolution that 1 offer is specific, for
cFilhn" for information from (he head of one of the
Departments of this Government who, as is well
known to the whole country, has been ordering
the imprisonment of citizens of the State 1 have
the honor m part to represent in forts beyond the
jurisdiction of the State. I think I understand per-
fectly the object of the substitute of the Senator
from Massachusetts. I have seen a studied desire
exhibited here by some Senators at least to pi event
any information touching the imprisonmentof per-
;i sons by the Go\ernment. I know that the Sen-
'! atur fiom Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] early in this
j' session offered a general resolution on this subject,
which, aftn sonn* little debate, was referred to the
i! Judiciary Committee, and it sleeps thereto-day.
; The object is to withhold the information ironi the
people. That is apparent from the very woiding
of the Senator's substitute, that the President be
requested to give this information " if in his opm-
