1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2815
Territory on the completion of the section, the half
of the proceeds which have already been paid.
It provides also that the railroad shall be con-
structed in a substantial and workman-like man-
ner, with all the necessary drains, culverts, bridges,
viaducts, crossings, turnouts, stations, watering
places, &c., equal in all respects to railroads of the
first class when pieparcd for business, with rails
of the best quality, weighing not less than sixty
pounds to the yard. It provides also that a tele-
graph line may be constructed upon the route.
It provides also that the persons or companies
building or owning this Northern Pacific railroad
may build additional Hacks; and then this section
contains this proviso:
Provided neveithelcss, That, and it io hereby declared to
be one of the conditions, upon winch this giant of the pro-
ceeds of public kind* is made m aid of the construction of
said Noithetn Pacific lailroad urwilteiable forevei, it shall he
the duty of all peisonsoi companies who may conduct or
own, or become 111 any manner interested in the same, or
in any part theieof, to permit any other lailroad which fhall
be authoiized to be built by the Ijegislntuie ot any Teni-
tory or State in which the same may be situated to form
running connections with it on fail and equal teuns : Pio-
videdj That nulrouds forming such connections shall not at
the same time fnim any running conncctions-with any other
railroad running westerly fiom the west line of the State ot
Minnesota, and which may come in competition with the
said Noitbern Pacific lailroad.
The next section declares that this road shall be
a post route and military route, subject to the use
of the United States for postal, military, naval,
and all other Government service.
The next section requires the persons building
the road to make an account and to report to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The next section, in oider to pay the expenses
of the board of engmeei s, and the survey and sale
of public lands, requires seven per cent, of these
proceeds to be letamed in the Treasury.
There is another provision to which I wish to
call the attention of the Senate. The point of de-
parture being upon Lake Superior, in the State of
Wisconsin, which is as yet in a region of country
almost entirely undeveloped and very sparsely in-
habited, the bill also provides that the route may
be continued from Superior in a southeasterly di-
rection, to a point on the Wisconsin river, not fur-
ther south than the Grand Rapids of Wisconsin,
thence easterly to the Fox river, and from the
same point on the Wisconsin river, down the val-
ley of the same, to connect with the land grant
routes in the State of W i scon sin.
Mr. President, I have stated the substance of
the amendment 1 propose to offer. It asks not a
dollar from the Treasury except the proceeds of
the sale of these lands. It sets them apart and
pledges them to aid in the construction of this
road. I hope the Senate will allow this amend-
ment to go on the bill and pass at this time, i do
not intend to take upany timeiu making a speech
on the subject. My amendment is to add the fol-
lowing as additional sections to the bill:
Sec.—. Aiid be it/wither cnactcd, That the President
of the United State* be, and lie is hereb>, authorized and
directed to nominate and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint three dismteie-tcd and com-
petent civil engmeei*?, each of whom shall have been en-
gaged in the active and practical business of engineering
and superintending the construction and operation of rail-
roads in the United States foi a penod not le^s than five
years, to be denominated a' the boaid of engmecis lor the
Northern Pacific lailroad toute; and that eacli inembei of
said boaid shall receive an annual salary of jS^.oOO pei an-
num, and shall hold their office lor a tetm of four yeais, un-
less sooner removed by the President; and that when oigan-
ized it shall be the duty of said boaid of engineers to ^uivcy
and locate the general unite of a lino of lailroad upon the
following unite, namely: beginning at Supenor, on Lake
Superior, m the State of Wi<consm; thence to a point on
the west hue of the State or Minnesota, by the mo.>t eligi-
ble i ail toad route, having leference to connection? will) the
raihoad system of that Slate; thence, by thejno.-t eligible
railroad route, withm the Territories ot the United States,
to the navigable waters of the Columbia nvci, with a branch
toPuget Sound, to be denominated the Northern Pacific
raihoad route: Piovided, That befoie enteung upon the
discharge of their several duties the} shall be duly and sev-
erally sworn that thev have no peisonal mtcie-t to be m
anywise affected by the location of the route wliu.ii they
aie about to survey and locate, and that they will survey
and locate the loute of said Kiflroad upon the ino-t chmblu
route, reference beinu had to i-hortne^. feasibility, econ-
omy. and the public inteiej*t.
Sec. —. And be it twither cnactcd. That to aid m the con-
struction ot a nuiioad upon said North Pacifn. unhoad toute,
theie shall be, and is bcich v. nppropt in ted and a pair the
proceeds of the ot the altemuo -ection-of publiM.md
fot the space of twenty miles on each side of each of >-aid
roads, fiom its e.xstein t-> its western teimmu-, to be se-
lected fiom the section^ designated m the public suivej-
by odd number: Provided, That if s-aid i onto shall be found
upon the same line upon which an\ lailroad unite within
the State of Mmm^ota, to aid in the construction of which
lands have been heretofore gianted by the United States,
so far a? the loutes are upon the same general line, no pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands shall, under this act, be
appiopnated and set apart under this section. And in all
ca^es where the United States may have disposed of said
land?, or any p.nt theiec.f. the deficiency may be made up
fiom the sales of any of the odd-numbered sections of the
public lands within the distance ot foi ty sections on either
fide ot said road : Provided, That nil nuneial lands be,and
the same arc heieby, excluded fiom the opeiation of this
act, and m lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied and
unappropnated agiicultural lands nearest to the line of the
load, thiough said miueial lands, may be selected in alter-
nate sections.
Sec. —. And be it/wither cnactcd, That said boaid of
engineeis shall proceed without delay'to locate the general
mute of said Noithcin Pacific i.ulroad, and icport to the
Piesulent, who shallcause the public lands to the extent of
1'oiiy miles on each side of said route to be surveyed, and
the Indian title thereto to be extinguished as soon'as piac-
tieable And the provisions oi the act of Septembei, 1841,
panting preemption rights, and the acts amendatoiy there-
of, and ot the act entitled " An act to secuie homesteads
to actual settlers cm the public domain," approved M«iv20,
1862, shall be.'and the same me hereby, extended to" the
lands thussuiveyed, excepting that the odd-numbered sec-
tions, the proceeds of the sales whereof are herein set apart
arid appropi lated as a fund to aid in the conduction of said
laihoad, aic reserved fiom the opeiation thereof, bat shall
at all times be subject to settlement, pieeinption, and sale,
when situate within ten mile*, of said lailroad, at $0 50
pei acie, and when not -situate within ten miles of said lail-
load, at .-$1 O) pei acie.
Skc.—. Jind he it Jurthcr enacted, That said Noitbern
Pacific i.uhoad, ineludins said continuing branch to Lake
Supetior. shall be divided into sections of twenty-five miles
each, and that the pioeeeds ofthe sales of the said lands are
to be paid to the State orTeiritoiy through which saidioad
is lor ated, as follows : Whenever one section '-hall he com-
pleted and put into successful opeiation, the Seeretaivof
the Treasiny shall, by hi*: wan ant upon the Tieasury, "pay
ovei to <mid State or Teuitoiy one half of the pioeeeds of
the sales of the lands peitauung to the section so com-
pleted, and winch was leseived lot that purpose, retaining
the other halt until the completion of the entire road liotn
Lake Supenor to the Columbia river with the bianch to
Pugct Sound; and when the next is completed in like
manner, to the satisfaction ol said boaid of engineers, the
Secu taij of the TieaMity shall, m like matinci, pay ovei to
the said State or Territory one hall of the proceeds of the
sales of the lands peitaining to that section leseived a<
aforesaid, and so on with each succeeding section, pa\ my
one hall ana let.unnig om: ball lis v-ociuity for the cuni-
pletionof the entue load and when tlidast-celion is com-
pleted and the entiio lailroad putm opeiation. to thc&ati's-
f.ictioa ol said board of engineers, upon said joute, the
Secretai v of the Trea^my shall pay over fo the said States
and Tomtoms the residue of the pioeeeds of the soles of
the lands <et apait by tins act for that ptiipose as fast as the
same .shall be lecuved into the Trea-urj, in the following
piopoitiotH, namely: in the dncct piopottion of the co*-tot
tlie eonsti action ot each 'eetion or part of section located
in au\ State oi Tcmtoi} ovei and above the amount paid
to ^aid Stare oi Temtoiy upon the completion of s.ijd sec-
tions, as above provided, such piopoiuons and all cjiie.stions
to be deteimiiK d by said board ot engineeis. And -mdiail-
\oad .-hall at all time.- cany the mails and all othci Gov-
ernment tian-porfation, undei tin* direction of the pioper
Depaitinents, respectively, at such icasonahle compeiwi
tiontheiefoi a-* may be airtced ujion, oi, in ca^e of cli^ayieo-
ment, -shall h<> deiei mined to be ju&t and reasonable in the
mode presei ibed oi winch may be piovided by law
See. •—. And be it jurther enacted. That the land*, of the
United States, foi two bundled feet in width alongtho en-
tire line of said IVoi ihern Pacific laihoad, as the same shall
be finally located, is hereby setapait and dedicated for a
highway, for laihoad and telegraph puipn^es, undei the di-
rection of Const os®; and the person oi companies constiuet-
m<r or operating said railroad may take any cailh, stone,
limbei, or other necessary marwials, for tin- coiMiuetiori
and k'-opmcr m repair of th^ several ioadf witlun the said
two bundled feet. The <aid nuhoad shail be conducted
in a substantial and woikmanhke manner, with all the ne-
ces^aiy drains, culveits, hndces, viaducts, cnossing". min-
out-5, stations, and wateimg placev, and all other appinte-
nances, lnrludirur mrnituie and rolling stock, equal m all
respects to radioacN of the fust clash when prepaiedlor
bu-iness, with rails of th< best quality, weighing not less
than si\ty pounds to the j aid. and a uniform L'aujre throueh-
ouf the entire lemtth; aho foi the eoiistiuetion of a tele-
graph line, of the most substantial and appioved descrip-
tion. to he opeiated nlonstho entitehneoi each of said raii-
loads: Provided. 'J'hat tile persons oi conijsanies opeiatmg
the same sliallnotchaiue theGoveriimenthighei late^tban
they do individuals foi like telegraphic seivicc.
Sec   Jlnd he it further enacted, Thar the poisons oi
companies building or owning said Northern Pacific lail-
load may at anytime constiuet one or more additional
track* withm the two hundred feet 'et apru t tor the i iirht of
wav : and it <-haJl be theii duty to perm it am other laiho.ul
which shall he authoiized to be builr by the Legislatuieof
any Terntoiy oi State in which the ^amc mav be situated
to torm connections with it on fan* and equal terms: Pro-
vided nevcilhclc69% That, and it h heieby d"ciared to be one
of the condition-; upon wlneh this ciant o! the proceeds of
public lands is made in aid of the construction of said
Northei n Pacific laihoad unaiteiable foi ever, it shall be the
duty of all pct-ons oj companies who maj constiuet or
own, oi become hi anv manner mteie-ted in the *-ame, or
m any pa it theio. 1, to peimitanyotiier railroad wh ieh sliall
be authenize<i to be built b\ the Jjegisjature ol anv Teni-
toiv or State in winch the same may be situated, to hum
luiiiuuii connection with it on fair and equal tenns: Pio-
L-idcd, Tl.it said ridroads forming Mich connection--, shall
not. at anv time, bum anv running connections with any
othet lathoads itimnnL' westerly liom the west hue of the
State of Minnesota, and vviu-di may come in competition
with the -aid Northern Pacific laiiioad.
Sec. —. And, he it further enacted. That said Northern
Pacific railroad, and any part thereof, shall be a post route
and a militaiy road, subject to the use of the United States
for postal, military, naval, and all other Government ser-
vice, and also subject to such regulations as Congress may
impose, restricting the charges for such Government trans-
position.
Sec.—. Jlnd, be it further enacted, That the persons or
companies building, owning, or operating said Northern
Pacific railroad, and eveiy pait thereof, shall keep books,
in which shall be entered regularstatements of all disburse-
ments. expenditures, and leeeipts, setting forth specifically
the objects of stud expenditures, and the sources whence
said icceipts arodeiived, together with a particular account
of all accidents that may occ ur affecting property oi persons,
or causing delays upon the road; winch books shall be open
at all times to the inspection of the President or any peison
authorized by him to examine the same, and to the said
board of engmeeis, and they shall report annually to the
Secietary of the Treasmy,on the 1st day of October in each
year, accompanied by a nnnutc and detailed exhibit of the
expenditures and profits of said roads and telegraphs for the
year preceding, to be attested by the oaths or their secretary
andtieasuier, which rcpoit shall be transmitted to Congress
by the Secretary of the United States Treasury at the com-
mencement of each session.
Sec. —. And be it /urther enacted. That to pay the ex-
penses of said board of engineers and the survey of said
Noitbern Pacific laihoad and said landsnnd the sale of the
same, theie be retained in the Tieasury of the United States
seven per cent, of the pioeeeds of said sales.
Spc.— And be it further enacted, That said Northern
Pacific route may be continued from Superior southeasterly,
upon the most eligible and feasible route, to a point on the
Wisconsin liver not fuither south than theGiand Rapidson
the same, to be detei mined by the Slate of Wisconsin, thence
ea^tetly from said point to the Fox nver,and from the same
point on the Wisconsin liver dou n the valley o( the same,
to connect with the land grant routes m the'State of Wis-
consin : Provided, howeve), That the giant of the proceeds
of the sales of the lands along the said toute in said State is
made upon the cxpiess condition, inevocable forever, that
it shall be the duty of ail persons or companies who may
constitute or own or become in any maimer mteiested in
the same, oi in any pan theieot, to peimtt every other rail-
load running easterly or southeasterly fiom the Wisconsin
nvei to Lake Michigan, in the State of Wisconsin,to foim
tunning connections with the same upon fair and equal
tenus.
Mr. McDOUGALL. "Without occupying time,
let me say to the Senator from Wisconsin I should
be very much pleased to see a road constructed
by tiie route indicated in his amendment', and if
the bill proposed could accomplish .such a pur-
pose I would be very glad if such a bill would be-
come a law. But we have started to build a great
central road across the continent; that is the busi-
ness in which we are engaged, and it will not do
to embarrass and incumber this measure with an
amendment of this kind. It will endanger the en-
tire measure, in which I think the Senator from
Wisconsin himself feels a great deal of interest.
The time will come, and probably soon, when we
can act upon that as an independent proposition.
I sec no objection to it in that shape, but at the
same time I do not wish to atgue the matter. I
trust it may be voted down.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. My honorable friend will
allow me to say J do not see anything in this prop-
osition that embarrasses the cential route project
at all. It asks for no money, nor any use of the
credit of the Government. So far as the centra!
route is concerned, 1 agree that from its relations
to the gieat muss of the people of the United States,
andthegrcat raihoad interestsoftheUnitedStatcs,
it is undoubtedly the route which ought first to be
built. The noithern route, however, is believed
by a great many persons to be the most feasible
route. It is believed to be capable of being in-
habited and cultivated almost the entire distance.
What we ask is, that now, at this early day, the
Government shall set apart and pledge the pro-
ceeds of the alternate sections of the public lands,
and leave them for the benefit of those States and
Temtories, so that when they come'to build the
noithern route they will be allowed these lands
with which to do it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. We have made abundant
provision for the Noithwest in this bill, and I
trust they will be satisfied with the measure as
it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not intend to take up
time in struggling in relation to this matter. I
say to my friend fiom California, let this amend-
ment go on the bill and pass in the Senate, and
if m the IXouse it is a subject of ombariassmont,
and they choose to strike it off, I shall not insist,
when the bill comes back to the Senate* that it be
retained, so astoembanass the bill. 1 asi£ the
Senator to let it go now; it may pass, and 1 ;ue-
sume it will pass the House of Representatives
without objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL, I think it my duty, as
