1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29.
ion not incompatible with the public interest,"
and under that I have no doubt we shall get a reply
that it is not compatible with the public interest
to give this information. In my judgment, the
object is to avoid the information i seek.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him one question ?
Mr. POWELL. With pleasure.
Mr. CLARK. It is, whether he desires this
information if it is incompatible with the public
interest ?
Mr. POWELL. I will answer that it cannot
be incompatible with the public interest. I be-
lieve this amendment is resorted to for the pur-
pose of a dodge, to prevent the information being
given. That is my opinion; I may be mistaken.
What harm can result to the country from the
Secretary of State giving to the Senate the names
of such persons as have been imprisoned by his
order in forts beyond the limits of the State of
Kentucky? No wrong certainly can result from
it,. The resolution is directed to a Department, a
Department which has been charged in the pubiic
papers with arresting and imprisoning citizens of
the country, and imprisoning them, too, against
law; for there is not a Senator here but knows
there is no law that authorizes the Secretary of
State to arrest a person in one State without war-
rant, without charge, and transferring him beyond
the limits of that State and confine him for six,
seven, or eight months in a prison. Ho Senator
will claim that there is any constitutional or legal
warrant for such a proceeding. I wish to obtain
this information, and I call for it from the head of
that Department, who, it has been announced in
the public journals, and I know it personally, has
ordered the arrest of some citizens of my State. I
do not wish it to be dodged in any form whatever.
If the Secretary of State has not imprisoned these
persons by his order, let him answer to the Sen-
ate, and say he has not, and that will be an end of
it. If he has imprisoned any, it is light that the
Senate should know it. I do not like this kind of
secrecy, this throwing of responsibility from one
Deftartment to another. Such secrecy is becoming
the cabinets of despotic Governments, but cer-
tainly it is not becoming the heads of departments
of a free Government.
Sir, the Representatives of the State of Ken-
tucky, in my judgment, have submitted to this
thing without clamor or complaint already too
long. I put it to Senators whether, if their con-
stituents were taken by twenties and hundreds
and imprisoned in this way, without law, they
would not make incessant clamor here to obtain
information on the subject, and to hold up the
parties who thus violated the Constitution and
laws of the country to the scorn and contempt of
the people. It would be their duty to do it. There
have been efforts made to get this information, in
some form or other, since the commencement of
this session. I hope the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts may be voted down, and
that the resolution may be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution proposed by
theSenatorfromKentueky is peremptory in form,
and is addressed directly to the Secretary of State.
It calls upon him, without reference to existing
public interests, to make a certain communication
to this body with reference to his conduct in an
important matter. Now, sir, I am not disposed,
at this moment, to go into the question the Sen-
ator frorn Kentucky chooses to precipitate upon
the Senate. It may be that some of those arrests
were made without the proper sanction of law.
On that 1 say nothing. The time has not come
for that d iseussion, at least in myopinion; norom
I disposed, by my vote, to see the Senate per-
emptorily call upon the Secretary of State to ren-
der an account of his conduct in those premises.
Whatever that functionary has done, he has done
under the order of the President of the United
States, who himself is completely responsible for
it. Whatever the President has sanctioned, he has
sanctioned under all the responsibilities of his high
position and the responsibilities of his oath. Sir,
it is customary to call upon the President to com-
municate with this body, so far as, in his opinion,
such communication shalUnot be incompatible
with the public interests. That limitation I have
thought it proper that the Senate should adopt on
this occasion; nor did anything which fell fiom
the Senator from Kentucky just now lead me to
believe that the Senate, on this occasion, ought to
depart from its customary rule of conduct. It is
enough, sir, that if the President of the United
States deems this information not incompatible
with the public interests we shall have it; if he
deems it incompatible with the public interests we
shall not have it, and I do not want it under such
circumstances.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massachu-
setts the other day objected to this resolution be-
cause it was specific, and called for information
concerning the citizens of Kentucky only. A little
before that there were objections to a resolution
asking for such information, introduced by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] because
it was too general. The Senator seems to waive
that ground this morning, and asserts that it is not
usual to demand of the Secretary information in
this way. Why, sir, this resolution is in the very
form of perhaps four fifths of the resolutions that
are passed by this Senate asking for information
from the head of a Department. When you de-
mand it of a head of a Department, you direct him
to give it; you order him to give it. When you
ask it of the President, the usual form is to accom-
pany it with the phrase,'' if not incompatible with
the public interest." This resolution is in the
precise form in which it has been the custom of
the Senate, certainly since I have been a member
of the body,* to pass such resolutions.
The Senator says he will not go into a discus-
sion of the question as to whether the Secretary
of State has transcended the powers that ho can
legitimately exercise in his office. I suppose the
Senator will never go into that discussion—never,
never. The Senator has too much ability ever to
attempt in this or any other forum to prove that
the Secretary of State, under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, has power to arrest
without warrant, without charge, a citizen m any
State of this Union and have him transferred and
imprisoned for months in a fortress beyond the
limits of that State. Wc shall never have that
discussion here. The Senator says it n^ay be in-
compatible with the public interest to give this
information, and this is not now the time to meet
it. When will be the time, sir? I had always
been of opinion that in a free government, when
any one transcended his power and overthrew the
laws of his country, and committed acts of op-
pression upon the meanest and the most humble
citizen of the State, tiiat that was the tunc to in-
vestigate it. These are things that should admit
of no delay among a people who love liberty and
constitutional right. 1 suppose we shall never
reach the time when those who are overthrowing
the Constitution of your country and oppressing
the citizen, and their peculiar friends, will think
that these things should be discussed. They never
want them discussed. I am free to say that in my
judgment no Senator will ever attempt to show
that the Secretary of State has not violated both
the law and the Constitution of his country, and
that he has not oppressed citizens without right.
It is a subject that I suppose will be forever
waived.
But, sir, I want this resolution to pass as I have
proposed it. Itisusual. It is customary. I want
no avoiding of this matter. I hope the substitute
of the Senator from Massachusetts will be voted
down and the resolution adopted. I only ask what
I am confident every Senator on this floor would
ask for his constituents were they placed in the
same situation that mine are. If any Senator will
get up heie and assert that the rights and the lib-
erties of the poorest, the meanest, the most de-
graded constituent in the borders of the State he
represents have been overthrown by nny officer
of the Government, from the very highest to the
very lowest, I will vote for any resolution of in-
quiry on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky will suspend his remarks. The
morning hour having expired, the further consid-
eiation of this lesolution is superseded by the
special order of the day. The special order of the
day is Senate bill No. 151, to confiscate the prop-
erty and fiee the slaves of rebels. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Coli.\mf.r] moves an amend-
ment to that bill to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert, in form, a new bill. On that
question the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Brown-
ing] has the floor.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Illinois to allow the vote to be
taken on this resolution. I shall not discuss it
myself any further.
Mr. BROWNING. If the vote can be obtained
at once, 1 will not object.
Mr. POWELL. I shall not say another word.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think it can be taken at once. It will occupy some
time yet.
Mr. BROWNING. Then I shall not give way.
Mr. POWELL. Very well, sir.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
fiee the slaves of rebels, the pending question,
being on the amendment ofleied by Mr. Colla-
mer in the form of a substitute.
Mr. COWAN. Perhaps the Senator will give
way to enable me to make the motion I submitted
yesterday.
Mr. BROWNING. I will, sir.
Mr. COWAN. I will now make amotion which
is in order—I believe it is in writing at the Secre-
tary's desk—to refer all bills now before the Sen-
ate relating to the forfeiture and confiscation of the
property of rebels to a select committee of seven,
to be appointed by the Chair for that purpose. I
alter the number to seven.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the pending bill,
together with the substitutes and amendments
offered to that bill, be referred to a select commit-
tee of seven members. This opens the whole sub-
jectembraced within the motion to discussion,and
the Senator from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order on
that motion: whether it is in order to move to re-
fer a bill that is not before the body. There is
one bill before us; and it may be in order to refer
that, but it is not in order to move to refer a bill
not before us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator's
motion is to refer the bill now under considera-
tion, and all substitutes or amendments to the bill
to a select committee.
Mr. HALE. And all pending bills, I under-
stand. Let Hie motion be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That all bills, substitutes, anil amendments relating to
the piuiuJiuiuiit of rebels and the foifeituie and confisca-
tion of their pmpeity he referted to a select committee of
seven, to examine and lepoit upon the bame.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is in order. The Senator from Illinois is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I do not
regard the time devoted to the discussion of the
bill before us as misspent. It involves great ques-
tions and great consequences, and ought to be
well, wisely, and maturely considered. If I were
satisfied its passage would tend to subdue the re-
bellion; to restore peace, harmony, and fraternal
regard between the people of the different sections
of this unhappy land; to bring back erring and
disobedient citizens to their allegiance, and to re-
store the now contemned authority of the Gov-
ernment in every part of the country; even then
I should feel constrained to pause and inquire
whether, compatibly with the very solemn obli-
gation I, in common with all other Senators, am
under to observe and maintain inviolate the Con-
stitution, I could give it my suppoit. But when
the strong conviction of my mind is that its pas-
sage will be attended with precisely the opposite
results; that it will strengthen rebellion instead of
subduing it, widen the breach instead of closing
it up, alienate instead of conciliating, and weaken
instead of reestablishing the power and. authority
of the Government; and when, in addition to all
this, I believe its enactment would be a gross vio-
lation of the Constitution, I cannot hesitate as to
my duty. On this occasion, I will not trespass
long upon the attention of the Senate, confining
myself mainly to some of the most prominent and
sttikingof the constitutional objections to the bill,
and to a reply t-o the leading arguments of the
mover of the bill in its suppoit. Before, how-
ever, proceeding to do tins, 1 desire to remark for
a moment upon the complaints of my colleague
at what he is pleased to call the misrepresentations
of the Senator from Pennsylvania and myself of
the features of his bill. He complains of it as a
misrepresentation to charge that it " strikes at all
the pioperty of every kind and character of all
