834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
idly waning, although every hour brings us news
of-the triumph of our arms, yet we may reason-
ably expect hard fighting before it can be brought |
to a successful determination. We are threatened
with a foreign war. It may never come. I trust
it may never visit us, but if it does I want to be
ready for it. England is not satisfied with the re-
sult of the Trent affair. It was a mere pretext
on her part, and her jealousy gj.nd hostility may
seek some other cause of quarrel. In justice to
the people of England, I will say they do not, in
my judgment, seek to quarrel with us, but a hos-
tile ministry and the aristocracy of England do.
Glorious as our Navy is, stilt, in comparison with
the navies of England and France it is too small
to be efficient.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York contemplates an increase of the
Navy by the addition of a number of gunboats
There is no'better time to make the increase than
the present. Our navy-yards me filled with skill-
ful mechanics and material; we have all the ne-
cessary machinery; and if we fail now to prepare
the necessary means of defense, we will be faith-
less guardians of the public weal. Not a moment
should be lost. ^What the next Atlantic steamer
may bring of weal or woe, we know not. But
this we do know, that the best way to avert a for-
eign war is to be well picpared for it.
The act for the construction of twenty iron-clad
steamers became a law this day. They will re-
quire time in the construction, and will draw more
water than the gunboats contemplated by the
amendment before the committee. But the gun-
boats, as has been abundantly shown within the
last few weeks, are the most formidable naval
structures we can place upon our waters. They
are quite equal to the task of reducing land forti-
fications. Boats which, fighting within three hun-
dred yards of the heavy armamentof I/ort Henry,
receiving one hundred and twenty-eight pound
balls without material injury, can accomplish any-
thing known tu naval warfaie. Wc aie ail proud
of our gunboats and our gallant officers and glo-
rious tars now, and well we may bo. They car-
ried the old flag through the fire of Fort IXenry
and Port Royal and Roanoke island, gloriously.
Old men and young mcn,weepm£ women and
maidens saw it but yesterday, in Tennessee and
in Alabama, and blessed God that they saw the
flag of their country once more.
We want more of these boats, and want them
immediately, not only on our Atlantic coast, but
upon our western waters.
But it has been said by those who oppose the
amendment that this measure has not been prop-
erly considered in the Naval Committee. I reply
that the bill making the appropriations for the
naval service is now before the House; and if this
amendments not ingraftcdon the bill, it may fail
altogether. What consideration is necessary if
we admit the fact that an increase of our naval
force is necessary ? The details must bo left to
the Naval Depai tmcnt. We never insert them in
the bills.
But the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmak]
says there is no limit to this appropriation; that
the whole $15,000,000 may be expended whether
necessary or not. Sir, something must be lefr to
the Secretary of the Navy. That bureau must
see that the fund is properly expended, and that
no more shall be expended than may be necessary
lo meet the exigencies of the times in that direc-
tion. In all human affairs we are obliged to trust
somebody. Here we place our trust in those who
are at the head of the Navy, us we do in all ap-
propriations for naval purposes. It is the duty of
the Secretary to see that proper and well-guaidcd
contracts are entered into fur the construction of
the contemplated vessels with the lowest and best
bidders, and with reasonable security. I do not
see how wc can in an appropriation bill throw un-
usual and unnecessary forms around this amend-
ment. General laws regulate the action of the
Departments in matters of tins kind. If we attempt
k, wu will only defeat the object aimed at in making
tne contemplated appropnation. We want the
v easels—wan t them to sustain the Government, to
preserve the nation, to protect the Union at home,
and repel invasion from without. Let us have
them.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I protest, Mr. Speaker,
5 against being put in a false position and held up
05 being opposed to necessary appreciations for
the naval service. In the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, 1 voted for the appro-
priation, believing that it had been in accordance
with the request of the Secretary of the Navy,
considered by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It appears now that that committee have not con-
sidered it. I have a high respect for the chair-
man of that committee;' but we do not know that
other members of that committee are not opposed
to this proposition. No gentleman has more con-
fidence in the Navy Department than I have. I
glory in the deeds of our gallant tars and soldiers.
I see in their acts the dawn of peace for the coun-
try. I rejoice in their victories. I am willing,
sir, to vote any amount of money for the Navy
where the question has been properly considered
and reported on by a committee of this House.
Wc ought to stand here and carefully examine all
of these acts. But this amendment is here with-
out any report from the Committee on Naval Af-
faiis. I am not in opposition to the Secretary of
the Navy. I have great rcspcct for him, and I
have confidence in his honesty and integrity. ^ I
think that the Department is conductcd with skill
and efficiency; but I only oppose this amendment
for the reason that the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs have an opportunity, in compliance with the
request of the Secretary, to examine it.
Mr. ALDRICH. Is there any member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs opposed to it? If
not, I do not see why the House should refuse to
pass it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In answer to the sugges-
tions which have been made by two or three gen-
tlemen, in regard to bringing this bill before the
Committee on Naval Affairs, I have to say, that
in the Congress preceding this the qu estion was
raised between the Military Committee, I think,
and the Committee of Ways and Means, as to the
propriety of submitting these bills to the different
committees of the House—for instance, the Army
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, the
naval appropriation bill to the Naval Committee—
and th«j House determined, after due consideration
of the subject, that they should all go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Muuns. And the practice of
the House since that time has been to send all the
appropriation bdls to that committee; and they
are not referred, and no gentleman has asked their
reference since, to the several committees to which
they would seem more properly to belong.
For this reason, this bill never has been before
the Committee on Naval Affairs, at all, and it is
not in accordance with the usage of the House
that it should go there for consideration; and
therefore this amendment, suggested by the Navy
Department, is sent to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, not with a view to call
the attention of the House to it, but to offer an
amendment to the bill coming from another com-
mittee of the House. No gentleman upon that
committee, however, has objected to this appro-
priation; and I say this in explanation of my
course, and I hope it will remove the difficulty
existing in the minds of gentlemen who I believe
would gladly vote for this appropriation when
they understand the reason for this course.
One word in reply to another suggestion of the
genileman from Ohio, [Mr. Suet lacarger,] that
the bill should prescubo the mode of construction
of these vessels, and where they are to be used.
He has said that the gunboats should be used in J
the rivers of the West. That is very true, and j
undoubtedly they will be constructed there; be- j
cause the Mississippi river, before the termination i
of this spring campaign, is to be cleared from the
fice States to the Gulf, it will be approached, I
presume, from below, and also by gunboats fiom
above. Rut the gentleman will see that, if he
undertakes to jnescribe the form or size of these
boats, he will find himself m difficulty at once;
because, for use upon western waters you must
have flat-bottomed boats, drawing not more than
three or four feet of water, while such gunboats
upon the coast would not be fit for ocean naviga-
tion at all, so that, to some extent, this question
of construction must be left to the discretion of
the good sense of the Department.
Mr. SHELjLADARGER, What the gentleman
has just suggested is the point to which I wished
to direct his attention—that is, whether it would
not be just to this House to allow them to pass
upon the matter of fixing the position and place
ot use of this large expenditure, and not submit
that merely to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Navv?
Mr. SEDGWICK. It would be a fine thing
for this House to prescribe where these gunboats
should be used. That is likely to depend upon
where they would bemostlikely to find the enemy,
and this House is not constituted for the purpose
of finding where that is. We are to furnish the
means, and the Department will regulate the use.
Mr. SHELLARARGER. Of coarse I did not
mean to indicate anything so absurd as that the
place where these boats shall be used shall be
pointed out by act of Congress. Bat this is my
position: that by passing a bill, not describing the.
character, dimensions, and capacity of these boats,
we submit it to the Secretary of the Navy in such
a way as to exclude their use in a certain portion
of the country.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not anticipate any
such difficulty as that, for they will be built for
the use for which they are intended. That is a
question of naval architecture which I do not feel
competent to decide.
One word more. Something has been said in
reference to the Army, and I desire to do full credit
to that branch of the service, especially in this
recent engagement in which Roanoke island has
be£n captured. That island was defended by sev-
eral batteries amounting, in all, to some fifty or
more guns of the very best construction and high-
est caliber. One of those batteries was located
in the center of the island, and in order to drive
the three thousand troops that garrisoned it to the
upper end of the island, where they were event-
ually captured, the Army was landed, and it co-
operated with the naval forces. They marched
through swamps almost impenetrable and stormed
a battery approachable by a single road, across
which trees were felled, the only one which*went
through that part of the island, with an exhibi-
tion of courage which is not only gratifying to
the people of the country, but which will throw
gloiy and renown upon that branch of the ser-
vice. In that engagement, two colonels of the
Army were killed—Colonel Russell, of a Con-
necticut regiment, and the colonel of the French
Zouaves ;and with out the cooperation of the Army,
the victory achieved upon Roanoke island would
have been quite barren of results in comparison
with what it now is. And if anything fell from
me, orfrom any other gentleman m debate, in any
degree derogatory to the Army, which only re-
quires an opportunity in order to show the metal
of which it is composed, I hope this explanation
of the matter may be satisfactory.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the gentleman looked
to this bill to see to how many millions this ap-
propriation will swell it?
Mr. SEDGWICK. This swells it exactly
§15,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. How many millions will it
make it in all? It will be seventy or eighty mil-
lions.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If it does, this $15,000,000
will be better expended than any other part of this
appropiiation. I call the pievious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Air. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 118, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiieh, Alley, Aneona, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Joseph Daily, Baker, Baxtci, Biddle, Bingham, Fian-
ci-> P. B!a;i, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Geoige
It. Browne, Buffin ton, IJmnham, Calvert, Campbell, Oham-
berlm, Claik, Clements, Cobb, Roscoe C'onklmg, Corning,
Ciipficlrl, Crittenden, Cutler, Davi<s, Diven, Duell, Dunlap,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwaid.-.,Eliot, Ely, English, Fessenden,
Fisher, Fianehot, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gli-
der, Giirley, Ilaisrht, Hale, Ilaneliett, Hairison, Ilickman,
Hooper, Iloiton, Huteinns, Johnson, Julian, KUley, Fian-
ces W. Kclloga, Knapp, Lauding, Lazear, Learv, Loomis,
Lovejov, McKean, McPherson, Mallory, Mars-ton, May-
nard, Menzies, Moorhead, Anson P. Monill. Noble, Noeil,
Odell, Olm, Fatton, Pikf, Pomeroy, Pricc, Alexandei II.
Rice, Riehaulson, Ruldl<>, Edward II. Itollms, Saigent,
Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, Sloan, Smith, Bpaulding,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Snation, Benjamin F.
Thoma:-, Francis Thomas, Tiain, Upton, Van Horn, Van
Valkenbmgh. Vibbard, Voothfies, WaJ^voith, Wall, Wal-
lace, E. P. Walton. Ward, Webstei, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albert S. White, Wieklifle, Wilson, Windoin, Woudtuil',
Woicester, and VVriaht—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Beaman, William G. Brown,
Colfax, Fredeiiek A. Conkling, Conway, Dawes, Fenton,
Hauling, Holman, William Kellogg, Law, MeKnight, May,
Porter, John fl. Rice, Robinson, Shcliabarger, Shlc-l. Trim-
