338
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 25,
3*7x11 Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and to be divided among the said several heads of
appropriation herein named, as the exigencies of
the service may require, seventy-six millions five
hundred thousand dollars.
For the armament of fortifications, eight hun-
dred and thirty-four thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, two hundred thousand'dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores and supplies,
including horse equipments for all the mounted
troops, one million nine hundred and twenty-four
thousand dollars.
For purchase of arms for volunteers and reg-
ulars, and ordnance and ordnance stores, seven
millions five hundred thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital department, one
million dollars.
For amount required to refund to the States ex-
penses incurred on account of volunteers called
into the field, fifteen million dollars'.
Approved, February 25, 1862.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to authorize the Issue
of United States Notes, and for the Redemption
or Funding thereof, and for Funding the Float-
ing Debt of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to issue, on the credit of the
United States, one hundred and fifty millions of
dollars of United States notes, not bearing inter-
est, payable to bearer, at the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, and of such denominations as he may
deem expedient, not less than five dollars each:
Provided, however, That fifty millions of said notes
shall be in lieu of the demand Treasury notes au-
thorized to be issued by the act of July seventeen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one; which said de-
mand notes shall be taken up as rapidly as prac-
ticable, and the notes herein provided for substi-
tuted for them: Jlnd provided further, That the
amount of the two kinds of notes together shall at
no time exceed the sum of one hundred and fifty
millions of dollars, and such notes herein author-
ized shall be receivable in payment of all taxes,
internal duties, excises, debts, and demands of
every kind due to the United States, exceptduties
on imports, and of all claims and demands against
the United States of every kind whatsoever, ex-
cept for interest upon bonds and notes, which shall
be paid in coin, and shall also be lawful money
and a legal tender in payment of all debts, public
and private, within the United States, exceptdu-
ties on imports and interest as aforesaid. And
any holders of said United Slates notes deposit-
ing any sum not less than fifty dollars, or some
multiple of fifty dollars, with the Treasurer of the
United States, or either of the AssistantTreasur-
ers, shall receive in exchange therefor duplicate
certificates of deposit, one of which maybe trans-
mitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount of
bonds of the United States, coupon or registered,
as may by said holder be desired, bearing inter-
est at the rate of six per centum per annum, pay-
able semi-annually, and redeemable at the pleas-
ure of the United States after five years, and pay-
able twenty years from the date thereof. And
such United States notes shall be received the
same as coin, at their par value, in payment for
any loans that may be hereafter sold or negotiated
by the Secretary of theTreasury, and may be re-
issued from time to time as the exigencies of the
public interests shall require.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to fund the Treas-
ury notes and floating debt of the United States,
he is hereby authorized to issue, on the credit of
<he United States, coupon bonds, or registered
bonds, to an amount not exceeding five hundred
millions of dollars, redeemable at the pleasure of
the United States after five years, and payable
twenty years from date, and bearing interest at the
rate of six per centum per annum, payable semi-
annually. And the bonds herein authorized shall
be of such denominations, not less than fifty dol-
lars, as may be determined upon by the Secretary
of theTreasury. And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may dispose of such bonds atany time,at the
market value thereof, for the coin of the United
States, or for any of the Treasury notes that have
been or may hereafter be issued under any former I
act of Congress, or for United States notes that
may be issued under the provisions of this act;
and all stocks, bonds, and other securities of the
United States held by individuals, corporations,
or associations, within the United States, shall be
exempt from taxation by or under State authority.
Sec . 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States notes and the coupon or registered bonds
authorized by this act shall be in such form as the
Secretary of the Treasury may direct, and shall
bear the written or engraved signatures of the
Treasurer of the United States and the Register
of the Treasury, and also, as evidence of lawful
issue, the imprint of a copy of the seal of the
Treasury Department, which imprint shall be
made under the direction of the Secretary, after
the said notes or bonds shall be received from the
engravers and before they are issued; or the said
notes and bonds shall be signed by the Treasurer
of the United States, or for the Treasurer by such
persons as may be specially appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for that purpose, and shall
be countersigned by the Register of the Treasury,
or for the Register by such persons as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may specially appoint for
that purpose; and all the provisions of the act en-
titled "An act to authorize the issue of Treasury
notes,"approved the twenty-third day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, so far as
they can be applied to this act, and notinconsist-
ent therewith, are hereby revived and reenacted;
and the sum of three hundred thousand doUars is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to carry this act into
effect.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may receive from any per-
son or persons, or any corporation, United States
notes on deposit for not less than thirty days, in
sums of not less than one hundred dollars, with
any of the AssistantTreasurers or designated de-
positaries of the United States authorized by the
Secretary of the Tieasury to receive them, who
shall issue therefor certificates of deposit, made in
such form as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, and said certificates of deposit shall bear
| interest at the rate of five per centum per annum;
and any amount of United States notes so depos-
ited may be withdrawn from deposit at any time
after ten days' notice on the return of said cer-
tificates: Provided, That the interest on all such
deposits shall cease and determine at the pleasure
of the Secretary of the Treasury: Jlnd provided
further, That the aggregate of such deposit shall at
no time exceed the amount of twenty-five millions
of dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, Thnt all duties
on imported goods shall be paid in coin, or in notes
payable on demand heretofore authorized tQ be
issued and by law receivable in payment of pub-
lic dues, and the coin so paid shall be set apart as
a special fund, and shall be applied as follows:
First. To the payment in coin of the interest
on the bonds and notes of the United States.
Second. To the purchase or payment of one per
centum of the entire debt'of the United States, to
be made within each fiscal year after the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, which
is to be set apart as a sinking fund, and the inter-
est of which shall in like manner be applied to the
purchase or payment of the public debt as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall from time to time
direct.
Third. The residue thereof to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall falsely make, forge, coun-
terfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely
made, forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall
willingly aid or assist in falsely making, forging,
counterfeiting, or altering, any note, bond, cou-
pon, or other security issued under the authority
of this act, or heretofore issued under acts to au-
thorize the issue of Treasury notes or bonds; or
shall pass, utter, publish, or sell, or attempt to
pass, utter, publish, or sell, or bring into the Uni-
ted States from any foreign place with intent to
pass, utter, publish, or sell,or shall have or keep
in possession or conceal, with intent tp utter, pub-
lish, or sell, any such false, forged, counterfeited,
or altered note, bond, coupon, or other security,
with intent to defraud any body corporate or pol-
itic, or any other person or persons whatsoever,
every person so offending shall be deemed guilty
of felony, and shall, on conviction thereof, be
punished by fine not exceeding five thousand dol-
lars, and by imprisonment and confinement to
hard labor not exceeding fifteen years, according
to the aggravation of the offense.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, 1 hat if any
person, having the custody of any plate or plates
from which any notes, bonds, coupons, or other
securities mentioned in this act, or any part there-
of, shall have been printed, or which shall have
been prepared for the purpose of printing any
such notes, bonds, coupons, or other securities,
or any part thereof, shall use such plate or plates,
or knowingly permit the same to be used for the
purpose of printing any notes, bonds, coupons,
or other securities, or any part thereof, except
such as shall be printed for the use of the United
States by order of the proper officer ^hereof; or if
any person shall engrave, or cause or procure to
be engraved, or shall aid in engraving, any plate
or plates in the likeness or similitude of any plate
or plates designed for the printing of any such
notes, bonds, coupons, or other securities, or any
part thereof, or shall vend or sell any such plate
or plates, or shall bring into the United States .
from any foreign place any such plate or plates,
with any other intent or for any purpose, in either .
case, than that such plate or plates shall be used
for printing of such notes, bonds, coupons, or
other securities, or some partor parts thereof, for
the use of the United States, or shall have in his
custody or possession any metallic plate engraved
after the similitude of any plate from which any
such notes, bonds, coupons, or other securities,
or any part or parts thereof, shall have been
printed, with intent to use such plate or plates,
or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forging
orcounterfeiting any such notes,bonds, coupons,
or other securities, or any part or parts thereof,
issued as aforesaid, or shall have in his custody
or possession any blank note or notes, bond or
bonds, coupon or coupons, or other security or
securities, -engraved and printed after the simil-
itude of any notes, bonds, coupons, or other se-
curities, issued as aforesaid, with intent to sell or
otherwise use the same; or if any person shall
I print, photograph, or in any other manner cxe-
I cute or cause to be printed, photographed, or in
any manner executed, or shall aid in printing,
photographing, or executing any engraving, pho-
tograph, or other print or impression, in the like-
ness or similitude of any such notes, bonds, cou-
pons, or other securities, or any part or parts
thereof, except for the use of the United States
and by order of the proper officer thereof, or shall
vend or sell any such engraving, photograph,
print, or other impression, except to the United
States', or shall bring into the United States from
any foreign place any such engraving, photo-
graph, print, or other impression, for the purpose
of vending or selling the same, except by the di-
'rection of some proper officer oftheUnited States,
or shall have in his custody or possession any
paperadapted to the making of such notes, bonds,
coupons, or other securities, and similar to the
paper upon which any such notes, bonds, cou-
pons, or other securities shall have been issued,
with intent to use such paper, or cause or suffer
the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting
any of the notes, bonds, coupons, or other secu-
rities, issued as aforesaid, every such person so
offending shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by fine
not exceeding five thousand dollars, and by im-
prisonment and confinement to hard labor not
exceeding fifteen years, according to the aggra-
vation of the offense.
Approved, February 25, 1862.
Chap. XXX1Y.—An Act making Appropriations
for sundry Civil Expenses of the Government
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three,and additional Appro-
priations for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmcricain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
