1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
same are hereby .appropriated for the objectshere-
after expressed, tortile fiscal yearending the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, viz:
SURVEY OF THE COAST.
vFor the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts
°f States, (including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work, and excluding pay
and emoluments of officers of the Army and Navy,
and petty officers and men of the Navy employed
on the work,) one hundred and seventy-eight
thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, (including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work,) one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of officers of the Army and Navy,
and petty officers and men of the Navy employed
on the work,) eleven thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
crogress of the survey of the coast of the United
States, (including compensation of civilians em-
ployed in the work,) five thousand dollars.
Forrepairsofsteamersandsurveyingschooners
used in the coast survey, five thousand dollars.
To supply deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, two hundred thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to rent either of
the several marine hospitals to the proper author-
ities of the cities, towns, or counties in which said
hospitals are located, and contract with such au-
thorities for the Relief of the sick and disabled sea-
men entitled to relief under the act of third of
May, eighteen hundred and two, and in cases of
infectious diseases to make such regulations for
their relief as he deems expedient.
For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims,
not otherwise provided for, as shall be admitted
in due course of settlement at the Treasury, five
thousand dollars.
LIGHT-HOUSE ESTABLISHMENT.
For the Atlantic, Gulf, and Lake Coasts, viz:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, glass chimneys, wicks, and other
necessary expenses of the same, repairing and
keeping in repair the lighting apparatus, one hun-
dred and fifty-four thousand six hundred and
ninety-eight dollars and eighty cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improving all the light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, one hundred and two thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and ninety-six
keepers of light-houses and light-beacons and
their assistants, two hundred and thirteen thou-
sand one hundred and ninety-three dollars and
thirty-three cents.
For salaries of forty-three keepers of light-ves-
sels, twenty-three thousand nine hundred dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and in-
cidental expenses of forty-five light-vessels, one
hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and seventy cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing, remooring, and supplying losses of bea-
cons and buoys, and for chains and sinkers for
the same, one hundred and twelve thousand three
hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lars
For the Coasts of California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington:
Forsupplyingnineteen light-houses and beacon
lights with oil, glass chimneys, chamois skins,
polishing powder, and other cleaning materials,
transportation, expenses of keeping lamps and
machinery in repair, publishing notices to mari-
ners of changes of aids to navigation, seventeen
thousand two hundred and seventy dollars.
For repairs and incidental expensesof nineteen
light-houses and buildings connected therewith,
ten thousand dollars.
For salaries of forty-three keepers and assistant
keepers of light-houses, at an average not exceed-
ing eight hundred dollars per annum, twenty-five
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing, remooring, and supplying losses of float-
ing buoys and beacons,and forchainsand sinkers
for the same, and for coloring and numbering all
the buoys, ten thousand dollars.
For maintenance of the vessel provided for by
the act of eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, for transportation of supplies and
materials, and for repairs of light-houses, and
buoys service, and for inspecting purposes, thirty
thousand dollars.
For commutation of fuel and quarters for offi-
cers of the Army serving on light-house duty, the
payment of which is no longer provided for by
the quartermaster'sdepartment,five thousand two
hundred and thirty-nine dollars and seventy-nine
cents.
For compensation of two inspectors of customs
acting as superintendents for the life-saving sta-
tions on the coasts of Long Island and New Jer-
sey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of sta-
tions, at two hundred dollars each, ten thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the life-saving sta-
tions on the coasts of Long Island and New Jer-
sey, twenty thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, one
thousand and ninety-five dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, two hundred dollars,'
For purchas«**of trees and tree-boxes, to re-
place, where necessary, such as have been planted
by the United States, to whitewash tree-boxes and
fences, and to repair pavements in front of the
public grounds, three thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-closets,
public stables, water-pipes, pavements, and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken glass,
and locks, and for the protection of the building,
and keeping the main approaches to it unencum-
bered, six thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House
and furniture, improvement of grounds, purchase
of plants for garden, and contingent expenses in-
cident thereto, five thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, of the President's House, two
thousand four hundred dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President's House,
the public grounds around them, and around
the Executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue,
Bridge and High streets in Georgetown, Four-
and-a-half street, Seventh, and Twelfth streets
across the mall, fifty thousand dollars.
Foradditional fixtures, and lighting and repair-
ing the building and footways of the custom house
and post office in Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, two hundred and fifty dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
For purchase of books for library at the Execu-
tive Mansion, to be expended under thedirection
of the President of the United Slates, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For repairs of the Potomac, Navy-Yard, and
upper bridges, and the roads appurtenantthereto,
six thousand dollars.
For repairs ofPennsylvania avenue, and water-
ing the same, ten thousand dollars.
For public reservation number two, and Lafay-
ette square, two thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House, and keeping them in order,
one thousand dollars.
For repairs of water-pipes, five hundred dol-
lars.
For cleaning out the sewer-traps on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, and repairing the same, threehun-
dred dollars.
For repairs of all the furnaces under the Capi-
tol, five hundred dollars.
For repairing Delaware avenue, north of C
street north, one thousand dollars.
For paying one half of the expenses of sewer-
traps at the intersection of Fourth street west with
E street north, two hundred dollars.
GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL FOE THE INSANE.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the Army and Navy and of
the Revenue service, and of the District of Colum-
bia, at the asylum in said District, forty thousand
five hundred dollars.
For finishing, furnishing, heating, and lighting
of additional accommodations in the East wing,
five thousand dollars.
For improvements of the grounds about the
hospital and farms, two thousand dollars.
PATENT OFFICE.
For collection of agricultural statistics, investi-
gations for promoting agriculture and rural econ-
omy, and the procurement, propagation,and dis-
tribution of cuttings and seeds, of new and useful
varieties, and for the introduction and protection
of insectivorous birds, and for investigations to
test the practicability of preparing flax and hemp
as a substitute for cotton, sixty thousand dollars:
Provided, however, That in the expenditure of this
appropriation, and especially in the selection of
cuttings and seeds for distribution, due regard
shall be had to the purposes of general cultivation
and the encouragement of the agricultural and
rural interests of all parts of the United States.
For expenses of recei ving, arranging, and taking
care of copyright books, charts, and other copy-
right matter, one thousand six hundred dollars.
Exploring Expeditions.
For preservation of the collections of the ex-
ploring and surveying expeditions of the Govern-
ment, four thousand dollars.
Botanic Garden.
For grading, draining, procuring manure, tools,
fuel, and repairs, purchasing trees and shrubs for
botanic garden, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress, three
thousand three hundred dollars.
For pay of horticulturist and assistants in the
botanic garden and green houses, to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of
Congress, five thousand one hundred and twenty-
one dollars and fifty cents. "
SURVEY or THE TUBLIC LANDS.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California, Oregon, Washington, Now Mexico,
Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, Dakota, Colorado, and
Nevada,) including incidental expenses and island
surveys m the interior, and all other special and
difficult surveys demanding augmented rates, to
be apportioned and applied to the several survey-
ing districts according to the exigencies of the
public service, including expenses of selecting
swamp lands, in addition to the unexpended bal-
ances -of all former appropriations for the same
object, which will be absorbed by work under
contract, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in California, to be disbursed at the rates
prescribed by law for the different kinds of work,
ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in New Mexico, five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas and
Nebraska, also outlines of Indian reservations,
ten thousand dollars.
For salary of the clerk detailed for the special
service in the General Land Office to attend to
the unfinished surveys in the States, where the
offices of the surveyors general have been closed,
two thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to
be disbursed at the rates authorized by law, five
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, at the rates authorized by law, five
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota Ter-
ritory, five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims confirmed in Colorado Territory, five thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims confirmed in Nevada Territory, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the necessary expenses in carrying into
effect the act of seventeenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, and the act of fifth August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, in addition to the
appropriations made by those acts, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For support, care, and medical treatment of
forty transient paupers, medical and surgical pa-
tients, in some proper medieal institution in the
