1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
be assumed that the causes of such an uprooting
of pure principles and implanting of evil ones were
very penetrative and powerful, chief among which,
doubtless, are the deteriorating influences, perni-
cious tendencies, and harsh inculcations of the
slave system. Certaimtis,thischangeofsentiment
was not due to discontent produced by the oppres-
sions of our Government; for, whatever may now
be pretended to the contrary, the truth on this
point was unwittingly declared in this House in
the opening days of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
when the very able member from the second dis-
trict of Alabama, Mr. Pugh, on the 9th day of
January, 1860, said:
" If the statutes which have been passed here for the last
ten years wen; obliterated, 1 have no idea that any man in
my district would know it oi feel it, unless he saw it in the
newspapeis.5*—Congressional Globe, vol. 1, Thirty-Sixth
Congifiss, ]i. 3*33. *
Sir, the real causc is a malignant hatred of free
principles, and of their practical tendencies in
political communities.
As to the men controlling this movement and
giving it tone, we may accept as just and conclu-
sive the testimony recently borne by Senator
Johnson, of Tennessee, who knew them well,
and in his very effective speech of January 31,
1862, after showing, by votes taken m the Senate
last winter, that secession Senators had the power
to pass a compromise, but treacherously and taunt-
ingly leaving the Senate, refused to vote, when
their affirmative votes would have carried the pro-
posed measure, uses this remarkable and truthful
language:
" Jt was not compromise that the leaders wanted ; they
wanted power; they wanted to destroy this Government,
so that they might have place and emolument for them-
selves. They had lost confidence in the intelligence and
virtue and mtcguty of the people and their capacity to gov-
ern themselves; and they intended to separate and form a
government, the chief corner-stone of which should be sla-
very, disfranchising the g) eat mass of the people, of which
we have seen constant evidence, and merging the powers
of Government in the hands of the few. 1 know what 1 say.
I know their ieehngs and their sentiments. I served in the
Senate here with them. I know tlie\ woio a clo&e coipo-
ration that had no more confidence in, or respect for, the peo-
ple, than has the Dey of Algiers. I louglit that close coipo-
ration here. They seek to overthrow ftee Government and
to establish a despotism m its place. That is the great bat-
tle which is upon our hands."—Spcech in the Senate, Fri-
day, January 31,1862.
Facts justify this severe criticism. The action
of the legislative and deliberative bodies now or
recently in session, the tone of their public docu-
ments, the outgivings of their press, and the tem-
per of almost every portion of society whose voice
is now heard, all indicate a leaning towards a re-
strictive system. The Virginia State convention,
after voting the State out of the Union, have pro-
ceeded to reconstruct their domestic government,
and are controlled by aristocratic principles. They
have taken from the people the election of sundry
civil officers; and the committee appointed in May
last, to consider proposed amendments to the State
constitution,have reported against a system offree
schools, in favor of restricting the right of suffrage,
against the election by the people of the higher
officers of Government, against all'homesteud and
exemption laws, and generally in favor of the in-
troduction into the governmental structure of un-
equal principles, by which classes are created,
rather than of those equalizing principles which
mark free society and have made it offensive to
our American tones. Governor Pickens, of South
Carolina, in his last annual message of the 6th of
November last, says, in anticipation of the failure
of the present insurrection, that " if the South fail,
with all our conservative elements to save us, then
indeed there will be no hope for an independent
and free republic" on this continent, and " the pub-
lic mind will turn despondingly to the stronger and
more fixed forms of the Old 1 Vorld.}> Not only is
there an intention to degrade labor and stigma-
tize and outlaw poverty by denying the poor all
power over legislation, but the right of natural-
ization has been rcstiicted to such few aliens as
are enlisted in the rebel armies; and it is proposed,
in influential quarters, to withhold the nghtfrom
all future immigrants.
The newspapers reflect the same current of
opinion, finding expression in eulogies of the Brit-
ish aiistociaey and deprecation of the " mob" m
America, and in comparisons between the mo-
narchical and aristocratic features of Emdand and
the institutions of the United States, in which pref-
erence is given to the former, on the grounds of
| superior administration, greater security of, the
j citizen, and greater freedom of the press! In ad-
! chtion to these indications of a public character,
it will be remembered that Mr. Russell, the cor-
respondent of the London Times, in a letter dated
from Charleston last Ma"f*msed this language:
" I have visited a great many planters, and I have talked
freely and fully with them. Everywhere I have found the
same desu e to have a prince of the royal family of England
to rule over them."
A reccnt number of the Richmond Examiner
betrays the same fact, when, yielding its hopes of
a foreign war, it reminds England that her failure
to strike the United States now will, for all she
can tell, allow the rebels uio be overwhelmed bij the
democracy that threatens herself;'' while it is known
that, as far back as 1850-51, Mr. Memminger,
now the rebel secretary of the treasury, publicly
said, in the Legislature of South Carolina, that he
had rather South Carolina was attached to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, as she was previous to the
Revolution, than to remain a member of this Union.
The purpose of the rebellion is transparent.
There is no doubt as to its authors, their objects,
means, and end.* No rebellion was ever more
gradually prepared or deliberately planned. The
pretexts—for there were two: first, the tariff, and,
that failing, slavery—were greedily seized and in-
geniously handled. The'means were industri-
ously gathered, massed, and fitted. The achieve-
ment was, for fifty years, the inspiration of leagued
traitors in high places. To it all legislation was
bent and every policy subordinated. No legisla-
tion which could not be tributary to this atrocious
scheme was, within twenty years, enacted by Con-
gress. Scarcely anything not tributary to it was,
except in one bright hiatus, recommended by the
Executive. In its interest, diplomacy revealed
Us valuable secrets, the Treasury was robbed and
bankrupted, the Navy scattered to distant seas,
and the Army through the wilderness; arms and
warlike munitions were placcd within easy theft,
and even the majestic voice of the law, when im-
portuned in the very hearing of the master con-
spirators, refused to utter its stern denunciations
of flagrant treason.
This movement was not intended to cure actual
grievances, for they did not exist, and in the nature
of the case could not, for themselves had admin-
istered the Government, andsat the moment of
secession but one of the three branches \Vas in
hands which could be considered at all unfriendly.
Neither could an apprehension of evil be pre-
tended; for, besides the mutations of politics, from
which they had more to hope than fear, there was
no possibility of a power dangerous to their safety
or inimical to their prosperity obtaining within
a generation control of all branches of the Gov-
ernment. The movement was wholly without
justification, and was nothing more or less than
the desperate grasp of bold, ambitious, and un-
scrupulous demagogues, who "believed that they
would obtain power more easily, wield it more
supremely, and hold it more continuously, in a
confederacy more compact and homogeneous,
than they had done in the Government which their
fathers established. Under the pretense of oppres-
sion, actual or apprehended, under the profession
of devotion to the interests of slavery, by the
skillful use of well-adjusted means, and with the
practical connivance of those then administering
the Government of the Union, the movement was
inaugurated, the early and more embarrassing
steps taken, momentum obtained, and the experi-
ment launched.
Fn addition to the proofs given elsewhere, I may add a
very remarkable statement from G'ommodoie Chailess Stew-
ait, who. m a letter dated Boidentown, New Jersey, May
4, 1861, giving the ipminiscencesof* acqiiveisation between
John C. Calhoun and himself, m the latter pan of Decem-
ber, 1812, after the declaiation of war by the Congress of
thu United States, .icraiiirit Great Britain, on the 18th of June
pievious '-fates thi-Tas the substance of Mi. Calhoun's re-
ply to Iim criticism on the inconsistency of the latter, an
aristocrat m feeling, &.c., being a liu-mber of the Democratic
patty:
" We southrons are essentially aristocratic, but we can
and do jield much to democracy. This is oar sectional
policy ; \vp die from necessity thrown upon and solemnly
wedJcd to that paitv. however it may occasionally clash
with our feelmgs tor "the eonseivationofoui interests, ltis
thioueh our alhliation with that party In the middle <md
western States we eontiol, under the Constitution, the gov-
erning ot these United States; but when we cease fAt/a to
eontiol this nation, through a disjointed Demociacy5orany
material obstacle in that paity which shall tend to tinovv
ns out of that rulo and eontiol, tee shall then resort to the
dissolution of the Union."
their motive and ottr duty.
The motive of the leaders, reckless of results,
and intent only upon success, was cold ambition*
the purpose, the dismemberment of the Union,
and the establishment of a new confederacy,based;
upon slavery, practically applying to government
the repressive ideas with which slavery harmon-
izes, and directed at once to the pivpagandism 6f
the slave system in society ang of aristocratic
ideas in government. Their pretended president
has declared the separation final and eternal. It
is for us, by force of arms, to break up this rebel
conspiracy, overturn their authority, expel their
agents, and punish the guilty authors of this ca-
lamity.
As for myself, I will do every necessary thing
to this end. I will vote every required appro-
priation. I will impose every needed tax. 1 will
enact all necessary legislation, and give-the Gov-
ernment all needed moral, financial, and physical
power to achieve success.
I have a firm hope that the military measures
now in progress or contemplation, used, as I doubt
not they will be, with energy and vigor, will ac-
complish the purposes of Government, and by
destroying the armies of the rebellion, relieve the
people of the seceded States of the terrible oppres-
sion which weighs upon them. As for the pre-
sumed impossibility of conquering the South—
vaunted here and elsewhere—I believe that the
rebel States rely upon their military power to with-
stand our military power j and that when the former
shall be destroyed, the means of sustaining them-
selves againsttne latter will have vanished,and that
with the moans will disappear the inclination to
preserve a rebellious attitude. I can understand
how those who have fomented the rebellion, or
have compromised themselves by actively and vol-
untarily engaging in it, will desperately resist and
anxiously retard the restoration of the authority
of the Union; but as the people have never been
oppressed, as the rebellion did not proceed from
them but was forced upon them by a desperate
band of politicians, and as deep animosity cannot
exist among them, it is not only not unreasonable
to hope, but it is actually saf$ to assert, that they
will gladly reaccept that Government which, so
lately as fifteen months ago, Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia, pronounced the most beneficent on the
face of the earth. On both these points, we have
ample evidence, of which none is more compre-
hensive and judiciously expressed than that fur-
nished by the accomplished Rev. Dr. Breckin-
ridge, of Kentucky, who, in a recent paper, uses
this language:
u So far is it from being credible that the deliverance of
the Unionists in the confederate States cannot be accom-
plished, except by the slaughter of vast populations, nor
maintainedafterwards, except by immense standingarmics,
all the facts of this sad case show that what has happened
in all ages and countries will happen again here, and the
mass of thetpeople speedily and joyfully return to their al-
legiance as soon as the militaryJorce of the rebels is broken
and society is allowed to return to its ordinary condition."
Were this otherwise, my position would not be
changed. I hold that in no view will we be au-
thorized in closing this contest until the complete
restoration of the authority of the Government
shall be effected; until the inherent strength and
vigor of republican institutions, already tested
more fearfully than any oilier form has ever
endured, shall be fully demonstrated; and until
American citizenship shall be impartially pro-
tected over every foot of the territory of the Union.
Costly, crippling, and demoralizing as this war
has been or may be, it is worth much to have had
the true theory of the powers of our Government
settled upon immovable foundations; to have had
all vicious and emasculating theories crushed out,
and the conclusive proof of its ability to withstand
as well inward trcachery as outward attack, deep
graven by heavy-handed conflict, in lines unmis-
takable and ineradicable. Sir, if in this struggle
the seductive sophisms which have obscured the
intellect and drugged the conscience of the victims
of secession shall sink with their authors to dis-
honored graves, ftom which thege shall be no res-
urrection, let us rejoice in thejustretribution which
relieves the people of so potent elements of mis-
chief, and the Government of elements ot weak-
ness which were fast making it the plaything of
faction, and exposing it to the contemptuous dis-
regard of the Powers of the world.
The immediate problem is the preservation ot
our territorial unity, though the contest really in-
