1862.
THE C0NGB1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
1859
deal with a foreign nation with which we might
bo at war; and further, whether, if we were at
war with a foreign nation we could pass such a
bill as this in regard to its people, and whether
we would have any right to execute it upon them
even if we did pass it? A correct answer to these
inquiries will dispose of the questions before us,
provided we recognize the rebels as belligerents
and public enemies.
But if we do not recognize them as belligerents
and public enemies, then the law of nations will
have no application, but we will be obliged to treat
them as insurgent citizcns, and deal with them
under the Constitution and the municipal laws
made to carry into effect the provisions of the
Constitution. ,A.nd what, in that event, would be
the course of proceeding? What, in that event,
would we have power to do in respect to the coti-
fiscatiorf of their property? If they were shot
down on the battle-field, nothing; there would be
an end of it. If they were captured alive they
would be subject to immediate trial and punish-
ment for treason, without waiting for the end of
the war, according to the provisions of the Con-
stitution and laws in that regard, and 111 no other
way, and to no greater extent. And what would
that punishment be' The second clause of the
third section of the third article of the Constitu-
tion declares:
" The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason, but 110 attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood, or forfeiture, except during the life of
the person attainted."
The law declares that the punishment of the
person shall be death. Forfeiture of property may
be supeiadded, but the instant the sentence of the
law is executed upon the person, it is remitted
against the property, which descends to the heir
precisely as if the ancestor had never committed
treason at all. Thus, when you treat the rebel as
a citizen, and indict, try, and convict him of trea-
son, you cannot forfeit orconfiscatc his property
absolutely. The Constitution forbids it. But this
bill attempts to do that very thing-—to forfeit the
property, and all the property, both real and per-
sonal, of every kind and character, and where
ever situated, and that forever.
But it is said this is not a bill of attainder, mid
is not, therefore, obnoxious to the constitutional
objection which has been urged. I am not fas-
tidious about names. I aim at the substance of
the thing. Call it what you will, it is a bill to
forfeit, absolutely and forever, property for trea-
son, to punish citizens for treason by the forfeit-
ure of their property ill perpetuity. Now, sup-
pose, for the sake of the argument, it be admitted
that this is not a bill of attainder, is the difficulty
got over by the admission? Surely not. The
Constitution not only declares that " 110 bill of
attainder shall be passed," but also that "no at-
tainder of treason shall work corruption of blood,
or forfeiture, except during the life of the person
attainted"." And it matters not whether the trea-
son is ascertained by indictment, trial, and con- j
viction before the judicial tribunals, or whether it j
is determined by legislative enactment, the prohi-
bition of forfeiture is equally imperative in either
case. Is not the offense for which you are seek-
ing to enforce this sweeping forfeiture treason.'
If it is not treason, what is it? Will Senators
who urge the passage of this bill tell us? And
if it is treason, does not the Constitution positively
forbid you to declare such a forfeiture for such a
cause ? .
Wilt it be answered that this bill is not within
the constitutional inhibition because the persons
against whom it is leveled have not been convicted
of treason r Then you are brought to the mon-
strous proposition that, by assuming guilt, you
may punish with a severity which the Constitu-
tion absolutely forbids when the assumed offense
has been ascertained by proof and judicially estab-
lished. The Constitution intended to abolish, in
all cases of treason, the absolute forfeiture of es-
tates as a puniuhnientfor the cwme, and expresses
that intention in the strongest and tersest terms
that not even an attainder shall be attended by
such a consequence. Can it be supposed that it
was ever in the imaginations of the framers of that
■wonderful instrument—the sublimes! poll! ical pro-
duction of human genius and wisdom—that this
had taken so much pains to protect the family of
even the attainted felon ? Nor is the difficulty ob-
viated by alleging that the bill embraces only those
who have levied war against the United States, or
who have adhered to their enemies, giving them
aid and comfort, for this is the exact definition of
treason, and what alone constitutes treason; and
if we punish in the manner proposed, we punish,
in my judgment, in palpable disregard of the Con-
stitution. And yet the extraordinary proposition
is put forward that, by a legislative assumption and
declaration of guilt, Congress acquires a power,
under the Constitution, to inflict punishments
which could not be visited upon the offender for
the same precise offense even after his guilt was
judicially ascertained. It is upon this ground that
my distinguished colleague rests his argument in
support of the bill. I quote his own language;
"Surely, the prohibition against confiscating beyond life
tile pioperty of the man who is arrested and made to sutler
in his person foi his crimes cannot prevent the absolute con-
fiscation of the property of the criminal who is heyond our
reach, and cannot be arrested, but who lias left property
with 111 our jurisdiction, which we can reach."
And again:
" It IS manifest that the clause of the Constitution limit-
ing the punishment for treason can have no more applica-
tion to the confiscation of the property of a person wiio can-
not be airested ami tried lor tieason than has the punishment
prescribed by statute for murder to do with that for larceny."
Now, sir, I would be glad to know from the
honorable chairman of the committee who reported
this bill how and where we get the power to pun-
ish for treason at all without arrest and trial and
conviction in the State where the offense was com-
mitted > And further, I should be glad to know
whence he derives the power to Congress to " in-
flict punishment upon any person for treason or
any o'her offense whatever, wherever or however
committed." Congress may pass laws within con-
stitutional limits, declaring what the punishment
of offenses shall be, but it cannot decide the ques-
tion of guilt and inflicL the punishment. The Con-
stitution provides that—
"No person shall be held to answer foi a capital, orothei
wi^e infamousci line, unb'ss 011 a pieseiitlnent or indictment
of a giand juij, except in cases ai i^ing 111 the land 01 naval
force;., oi in flic militia, when m aetual service 111 time ol
wai 01 public dangci,'' &c.
And again:
"In all einninal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the 1
right to a cpeedy and public trial bvan impaitial jury of the |
Suite and distuct wherein tile eiiine shall have been com- |
mitted. which dh-triet shall have been previously ascertained j
by lavv, and to bo informed of the nature anil cause of the >
accusation; to be confronted with the witne^os against j
him ; to have eompulsoiy process for obtaining witnesses 111 1
his favor, and to have the assistance ol' counsel foi his
defense."
But this bill is for the punishment of treason by
Congress, and for nothing else, and that by penal-
ties positively prohibited by the Constitution; and j
this upon the sole ground that the trailor cannot
bo arrested and brought for trial before the judi-
cial tribunals of the country in the manner pre-
scribed by the Constitution.
If this doctrine be true, and if this power of
legislative punishment really exists, what is to pre-
vent us in any individual case of treason or other
offense, where the offender has lied from justice
and got beyond the reach of the process of law—
what, I ask, is to prevent us, ill any such ease,
from proceeding to a legislative outlawry of the
fugitive, and the absolute confiscation of all his
estate, both real and personal, and the total im- |
povertshment of his family
If, for the reason that the rebels in the seceded
States are beyond the reach of legal process, Con-
gress may proceed to declare them guilty ot trea-
son, and "inflict a punishment forbidden by the
Constitution, what is to hinder us from doing the
same thing in regard to tiny citizen or citizens, of
any of the States who may be charged with the
commission of treason, and who may have fled
beyond the reach of the process of the courts? It
is 110 answer to say that the rebels are numerous.
The mode, ofproceedimr to punish offenders agamst
our laws, and the kind and measure of punish-
ment to be inflicted, m no degree depends upon
the number who may have been guilty ot the same
offense at the same time, if we can pass an act
of outlawry and forfeiture—tint to eaii it a bill ol
attainder—against a thousand, or ten thousand,
or a hundred thousand, surely we may do the same
ecise thin1* against 011c or a dozen, it seems to
Now, supposcacitizen of Illinois .residing there,
having his home, his family, and his property
there, to have committed treason by giving aid
and comfort to the enemy, suppose him to have,
been detected; suppose a warrant to have issued
for his arrest, and him to have escaped the clutches
of the marshal and fled beyond the jurisdiction of
our courts and the reach of legal process, leaving
his family and property behind him; may Con-
gress then proceed to pass a bill for the forfeiture
of his property, and execute it by robbing his
family by way of punishment of his crime ? I
presume no Senator will venture to claim for Con-
gress any such power. And yet, we may clearly
do so if we may properly pass the bill under con-
sideration. They stand precisely upon the same
ground, and we have exactly the same power in
the one case that we have in the other. We are
to pass this bill against the rebels because they
are citizens of the United States who have com-
mitted treason against the Government, and are
temporarily beyond the reach of process. This
is the basis upon which my colleague places it. -
It has no other foundation, as is shown by the
portions of his speech already quoted. He re-
peats the same proposition in other parts of his
speech. He reiterates it whenever he attempts to
demonstrate the possession of power by Congress
to pass the bill. I again quote his own language:
" This bill provides for the forfeiture of estates in certain
cases, as a punishment for crime hereafter to be committed,
when the person of the individual committing the offense
cannot be readied."
And again:
" The right to confiscate the property of a rebel or traitor
attaches without any conviction of the offender."
There, sir, it is boldly announced, as a general
principle of congressional power, that the right to
confiscate the property of a traitor attaches with-
out any conviction of the offender. Now, if we
have tiiis right to confiscate the property of a trai-
tor withoutconviction, why have we notthe same
right of confiscation for murder, or larceny, or any
other offense known to the law, without trial or
conviction? How can we possess such power in
regaid to treason without hating it in regard to
all other offenses ; and where do we get it in re-
spect to any offense? This is not explained by
any of the Senators who advocate the passage of
this bill.
Let me bring the statement of my colleague m
juxtaposition with the statements of the Consti-
tution upon the same subject. He says:
'• The right to confiscate the property of a rebel or traitor
attaches without any conviction of the offender."
The Constitution says:
'• No per.-on shall lie held to answer for a capital, 01 oth-
erwise inlanious eiiine. unless on a presentment 01 indict
ment of a grand jury, except in eases arising in the land or
naval loiees, or 111 the militia, when 111 actual service in
tune of wai or public danger; nor shall any person be sub-
ject for the same offense 10 be twice put in jeopardy ol lite
or limb; nor shall be compelled in anyerinnnal case to be
a witness against himsell, nor he depiived of Itle, liberty,
01 property without due process ot law."
And "yet, in the face of these safeguards which
the Constitution has endeavored to throw around
person and property, it is confidently announced
as a general principle, that " the right to confis-
cate the property of a rebel or traitor attaches
withoutany conviction of the offender,"and this
by ex parte legislative proceeding, wilhoutindict-
ment, trml, or opportunity of defense.
" I'.ui such tiling be,
Avk\ ovoicotuc us like a summer s cloud?
Witliout ourf-pecial wonder?"
If the 1 ight to punish for treason by the confis-
cation of property attaches without the conviction
of the offender, why does not the same right at-
tach, in the same way, in respect to every other
offense? What distinction does the Constitution
make in the mode of proceeding for the punish-
ment of treason and other offenses? Does not this
newly-invented. India-rubber, in rem proceeding
for the punishment of offenses committed by the
person, and in which the property was not impli-
cated, struteh itself over the entire category ot
crimes, find cover them all? And if so, what be-
comes of the provisions of the Constitution to-
which I ha\ 0 tefei red? To what end,and/or what
purpose, were they made? What does the Con-
stitution mean, if anything, when itdeclares that
orson shall be heldto answer for crime unless
ntment or indictment of a grand jury-
no pe
on a pre^ei
humane amelioration of the barbarous seventies || precise thing against one or auowi: y j That in all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
ofciimmal jurisprudence could be evaded by seek- j j me it would be preposterous to say that wo could jj l^ malP, bya jury, and that he 8haU
ing victims among the unconvicted, when they H not. 0
