i860
T2E G ONGliESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
not be de'priye# of his property without duo pro-
cess of law? After blundering blindly and stu-
pidly along for-three quarters of a century, in the
belief that these provisions were limitations upon
the powers of the Government, and guarantees of
individual right which we could not disregard, the
scales hare now suddenly fallen from our eyes, and
we percei'vc that they were intended to apply only
in the event of the arrest of {he offender; but that
when he has fled from justice, nothing is easier than
to proceed to punish him withoutindictment, with-
out trial, without due process of law, simply by
arresting his horse and cow, instead of himself,
and proceeding against them in rem by some new-
ly-invented military machinery. True, the Con-
stitution makes no such exception; but now it is
discovered that we may 'shoot enemies in battle
withoutindictment or trial, and therefore the same
principleof punishment without indictment or trial
may be applied to all offenders who flee from jus-
tice. How long will it be before this patent is so
improved as to embrace all offenders, whether they
flee or not?
Can it be necessary to pursue this branch of
theargumentfurther? Can it be possible that we
have wandered so far from the political faith of
our fathers as to be ready to admit, in the august
character of Senators, the fatal heresy of the bill,
and the arguments in support of it, that " the
right to confiscate the piopoi ty ofa rebel or traitor
attaches without any conviction of the offender."
To do so is to subvert the Constitution, and to
concentrate not only all the powers of the Gov-
ernment, but ail the sovereignty of the people in
a single department of the Government, which
was intended to be only cooidmate with two
others. To do so is to rend away ail restraints
and limitations sought to be imposed by the Con-
stitution, and to establish a legislative despotism
more capricious, more fatal to order, and more
dangerous to the liberty and security of the citi-
zen than any form of government on earth.
But to return for a moment to the question: Is
this a bill of attainder? My colleague says:
" It is not a bill of attainder at all; it does not conupt
the binod of the patty ; but it is- a lull, as I said, operating
upon property."
In support of his opinion that it is not a bill of
attainder, he relies, first, upon the rase of Brown
•us. The United States. The question in that case
was simply whetlierenomies' propei ty within our
jui isdu'.tioi) at the declaration of war was subject
to seizure and confiscation for that reason, and" the
court, held that it was not, and could not be, unless
Congiess would first pass an act subjecting it, and
providing^ mode of proceeding for the judicial
enfoi cement of the forfeiture.
The other cases upon which he relied relate, I
believe, exclusively to maritime captures, having
no applicability to captures on land, nor to for-
feiture of estates as a punishmentfor treason, and
any in my opinion, no authority in support of the
principles or any one of the features or provis-
ions ot this bill, as will readily be perceived by
anyone who will take the pains to examine them.
Although the bill operates upon property only,
it does so not because of any complicity of the
property in crime, not bccause of any guilty use
to which the property has been applied, but simply
as a punishment of the owner for his personal vio-
lation of the law.
The argument of my colleague proceeds upon
an assumption which 1 conceive to be entirely er-
roneous, that there can be no attainder without
the corruption of blood. Attainder is the judg-
mentof the law upon the gutjtof the offender, and
the conuption of the blood is but a consequence.
It is not a necessary consequence. The attainder
may be complete without it.
Blackstone, in speaking of the corruption of
blood as a consequence of attainder, says:
u This is one of those notions winch our Jaws have
adopted fiom the feudal constitutions at the time of the
Norman conquest, as appear-, from its being unknown ni
those tenures which are indisputably Saxon or gavelkind,
wherein, though by treason, aecoidmg to the ancient Savon
laws, use land is lotteited to the king, yet no cosruntion of
, blood, no impediment of descent ensues; and on judgment
of ux le felony no escheat aceuifs to the lord. And.rheie-
ore. as every other oppressive matk of [eudal tenures now
happily worn away m tlMisektHgUoms.it mo be hoped that
this conuption oi blood, with alt it. co.meefdcon.c-
quenee«. not only of piesent escheat, but of future incapa-
cities inheiiiance even to the twentieth gcueinuoii mav
in process of time, Up abolished by act of l^rhaim-m, n
standsjipon a veiy different footing from the fortoiuiro of
lands lor high treason affecting the lung's peison or Gov-
ernment. And, indeed, the legislature has, from time to
time, appeared very inclinable to give way to so equitable
a piovision, by enacting that, in cei tain treasons respecting
the papal supremacy and the public coin, and m many of
the new made felonies created since the reign of Ilemy
VIII by act of Parliament, corruption of blood shall bo
saved. But as in pome of the acts for creating felonies (and
those not of the most atrocious kind) this saving was neg-
lected or forgotten to be made, it seems to be highly rea-
sonable and expedient to antiquate the whole of this doeu me
by one undistinguishhig law, especially as by the afojemen-
tioned statute of 7 Anne, chap. 21, (the operation of which
is postponed by statute 17 George II, chap. 3D,) after the
death of the sons of the late Pietender noatttunder of trea-
son will extend to the disinheriting any heir, nor the pre
judice of any person other than tiieoffendei himself, which
virtually abolishes all corruption of blood for treason, though
(unless the legislatuie should interpose) it will still eon*
tinue for many sorts of felony.—4 Blackstone's Comment-
aries, p. 388.
And in Sir Salathiel Lovell's case, reported in
1 Salk. 85, which came to the House of Lords on
appeal, it was held by thejudges that,
" In the case of an attainder of felony, the forfeiture of
the estate to the lord is only by way of escheat, pro defectu
teucntis, and the not descending is the consequence and
effect of the corruption of blood or incapacity; but in trea-
son tiio lands come to the Ci -uvnasan immediate forfeiture,
and not as an escheat And the forfeiture and corruption
of blood aie distinct pans of the p< milty; so that the for-
feiture may be saved, .md yet the corruption remain, or the
conuption be saved, and the forfeiture lemani."
These authorities are surely sufficient to show
that even in England the corruption of blood and
obstruction of descents is not a necessary con-
sequence of cither c\ judicial or legislative attain-
der. What is a bill of attainder? It is an act
passed by a legislative body declaring a citizen or
subject, by name or other sufficient description,
guilty of treason or other felony, and inflicting
punishment therefor; and it is equally a bill of at-
tainder whether the punishment combines corrup-
tion of blood and forfeiture of life and property,
or whether it is limited to any one of them sepa-
rately.
Now, what does this bill propose to do but to
declare a large number of citizens guilty of trea-
son, and punish them therefor by forfeiture of
their estates ? Then is not this a bill of attainder ?
And if it is not, what is it? It is no answer to
say that a bill of attainder punishes a crime al-
ready past, and that this is prospective in its pro-
visions. It declares that certain acts committed,
or to be committed, shall be followed by forfeit-
uie of estate, and proceeds to inflict the penalty
without judicial inquiry or deteimunition; and
what the Constitution intruded to guaid against
was punishment for imputed crime without indict-
ment and trial. . If the acts intended to be reached
by this bill had already been committed, then I
think, in the face of the authorities I have read, it
would hardly be denied the character of a bill of
attainder. Is its character changed and is the Con-
stitution satisfied by declaring that certain acts
hereafter to be committed shall be punished as
crime, and by proceeding to inflict the punishment
without trial? I say again that this is exactly what
the Constitution intended to hedge against punish-
ment in any form, or by any device without in-
dictment and trial; and its provisions cannot be
in this way evaded.
The Constitution does not declare that there
shall be no attainder of treason. It admits that
there may be, but neither corruption of blood
nor forfeiture of estate except for the life of the
offender shall ensue as a consequence. The at-
tainder may still take place, but it must be judi-
cial attainder. There can be no legislative at-
tainder in any case, nor under any circumstances
or conditions, nor deprivation of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law.
To demonstrate the unconstitutionality of the
bill, it is not necessary that it shall be assumed or
proven to be a bill of attainder. Give it what name
you will, it is still a bill to punish for treason and
rebellion, not upon the battle-field by the military
arm of the Government, but by legislative enact-
ment, and legislative enforcement of the enact-
ment, without indictment and trial, without due
process oi law, which the Constitution forbids,
under whatever name and by whatever contriv-
ance it may be attempted. But if u were neces-
sary to prove it a bill of attainder, is not that al-
ready sufficiently done by tho English authorities
cited p To these let me again add the most illus-
trious names winch have illustrated and adorned
American jurispiudence. Mr. Justice Story, in
treating of this subject in his very able Comment-
aries on the Constitution, holds this language:
(1 Bills of attainder, as they me technically called, are I
such special acts of the legislature as inflict capital punish-
menis upon persons supposed to be guilty of high offenses,
; such as treason and felony, without any conviction in the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings. If an act inflicts
a milder degree of punishment than death, it is called a bill
ot pains and penalties. But, in the sense of the Constitu-
tion, it seems that hills of attainder include hills of pams
and penalties ; for the Supreme Court have said,4 a bill of
attamdei may allect the life of an individual, or may con-
fiscate his propcity or both,'
"In such cases the legifelntuie assumes judicial magis-
traey, pronouncing upon the guilt of the party without any
of the common foims and guards of tiial, and satisfying it-
self with proofs, when such proofs are within its reach,
whether they are conformable to the mles of evidence or
not. In shoit, in all such case?, the legislature exercises
the highest power of sovereignty, and what may be prop-
erlydeemed an irresponsible despotic discretion, beiuggov-
erned solely by what it deems political necessity or expedi-
ency, and too often under the influence of unieasouable
fears or unfounded suspicions," * •* * * "The
punishment has often been inflicted without calling upon
the patty accused to answer, or without the formality of
proof; and sometime^ because the law, in its. ordinal y course
of pioceedings, would acquit the offender. The injustice
and iniquity of such acts, in geneial constitute an irre-
sistible argument against the existence of the power. In a
[ fiee government it would be intolerable, and in the hands
j of a Kignmg faction, it might be, and probably would be,
] abused to the unn and death ot the most virtuous citizens.
Bills of this sou have been most usually passed in England
m time* ot rebel! ton, or of gross subserviency to the Ciovvn,
or of violent political excitements; periods iu which all
nations are most liable, as well the free as the enslaved, to
forget their duties, and to trample upon the rights and lib-
erties of others.5'—2 Story on the Constitution, sec. 1334.
In the case of Fletcher vs. Peck the construc-
tion of the clause of the Constitution forbidding
the enactment of bills of attainder was not neces-
sarily drawn into consideration; and yet its dis-
cussion was not impcitincnt or irrelevant, and
what was said by the court can hardly be consid-
ered as loose dicta. The case was carefully and
well considered, and the decision had the ap-
proval of all the judges; and I therefore quote, as
authority entitled to very great weight, what was
said by Chief Justice Marshall in delivering the
opinion of the court:
" A bill of attainder may affect the life of an individual,
or may confiscate Ilia property, or may do both In this
form the power of the legislature over the lives and for-
tunes of individuals is expiessly restrained."
In what form ? Why, sir, in the form ofa law
by which an individual majsbe deprived of either
life or property without judicial investigation and
decision.
I trust it will be understood that I am speaking
of the poweis of Congiess, and notof the powers
of the Army and its commanders. I trust 1 will
not be understood as advocating the novel doc-
trine, fitst suggested by my colleague and re-
peated by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
of impanneling juries upon the battle-field to try
armed enemies before firing upon them.
The war powers of the Government to deal
with the rebellion, with the rebels, and with the
property of the rebels, I admit to the fullest ex-
tent that is allowed by the laws of war.
But the war power of the Government to be
wielded by the President and the generals in the
field is not a despotic, capricious,and irrespons-
ible power, as rny friend the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] seems to have under-
stood me to contend; but is to be exercised as
much in subordination of the Constitution and
the laws recognized by the Constitution as any
civil function of the Government whatever.
All the argument I made on a former occasion,
and all I have made now, has been intended to
point the distinction between what may be done
by the civil authorities in the punishment of the
( violators of municipal law, and what may be done
by the military power m subduing and punishing
public enemies at war with the Government. The
one is to be by dun process of law, in obedience
to the constitutional requirement; the other is to
be equally in obedience to the Constitution, and
in conformity to law, but a different law, differ-
ently administered by a different department of
the Government.
Mr. President,jhe annals of past ages furnish
no instance of such patriotic devotion to a Gov-
ernment as has been exhibited by the people of
the loyal States of the Union. Armies of unex-
; amplcd magnitude,andatunexampled sacrifice of
1 individual interests and the comforts and enjoy-
ments of private life, sprung into existence when
danger threatened the country, as if at the call of
Deity. No conscriptions, no forced enlistments;
but by the impulse of devotion to the country,
veneration for the Constitution of our fathers, and
