838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
volves the nation's life. This is comprehended
as well abroad as at home; and the results of the
conflict have been discussed and foreshadowed ac-
cording to the varying positions, principles, pre-
possessions, and prejudices ofthe speakers. Even
Earl Russell's imperfect and inaccurate descrip-
tion of the contest, as by the North for empire,
and the South for independence, though expressed
in the language of diplomatic indirection, involves
the great truth that the struggle is for national ex-
istence, such as no nation has wholly escaped,
and as England, in dark hours, and with heroic
fortitude and energy, waged against a continent
in arms. We will wage this war while there is
a patriot to strike, or a foe to fall. We will, at
every sacrifice, maintain our national unity, ter-
ritorial integrity, and undivided sovereignty. To
lose either would be to invite dishonor and com-
plications numberless and fearful; to yield every
glorious tradition, hope and duty; to strengthen
despotism, and cover ourselves with reproach and
posterity with woe. To avert these calamities,
which would be inevitable,and others which can-
not be anticipated, and to preserve untarnished
and unharmed, as it passes through the fiery fur-
nace of trial, that splendid organization of civil,
social, and political blessings which our fathers,
eighty years ago, crentcd and fashioned, adopted
and transmitted, a legacy of priceless value and
peerless beauty, are the holy and overmastering
duties devolving, under God, upon the Executive,
us legislators, and the brave thousands in arms,
all aided and sustained by the firm fidelity of the
loyal citizens of the nation. Sir, this work will
be attended by startling events, whose strange-
ness will be lost in their deep significance. It will
involve sacrifices, privations, and suffering. It
will presentdifficulties which patient courage can
atone surmount. It will demand the exercise of
every high and rare and manly virtue. But this
fair inheritance shall be saved from disjointure or
demolition, and this people, rising to the stature
of true heroism, will inscribe their name, in char-
acters of blood, upon the eternal tablets ofhistory,
as the brave and devoted and successful defend-
ers of republican constitutional government.
Mr. ARNOLD obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Illinois give way for a motion tluit the committee
rise? It is after four o'clock.
Mr. ARNOLD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Colfax having
taken the chair asSpeaker pro tempore, Mr. Whee-
ler reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had hud the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly bill of the
House No. 259, making appropriations for the
support of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PENTON. I hope the gentleman will not
press that motion. I trust the House will go to
the business on the Speaker's table, and dispose
of the few bills theie by giving them the proper
reference.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the House pio-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn. We have got no quorum here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the House will pro-
ceed to dispose of the business oil the Speaker's
table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn,
PAY AND PENSION OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting pay, pension, and bounty to
the volunteer officers and soldiers of Kentucky,
from the date of enlistment, and also granting pay
and pension to the home guards of said State from
the time they were actually engaged in the mili-
tary defense thereof; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
AUTHORS' COPYRIGHT.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resoloei, That tlie Cummittee on Patents be requested to
inquire into the propriety of making a change in the man-
ner of securing copyrights to authors' books and publica-
tions, so as to require application therefor to be made to
and acted upon by the Commission^!- of Patents instead
of the clerks of tlie distiiet courts of the United States as
heretofore; and that the committee report by bill or other-
wise.
STADT DDES.
The House then proceeded to dispose of the
business on the Speaker's table, as follows:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of a special treaty
between the United States and his Majesty the
King of Hanover, for the abolition of the Stadt
dues, signed at Berlin on the 6th December last,
and recommending that seasonable provision be
made to enable the Executive to carry its stipu-
lations into effect.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move that the message
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
The motion was agreed to.
COOLY TRADE.
An act (H. R. No. 109) to prohibit the cooly
trade by American citi^ns in American vessels;
the question being on thefollowingamendmentof
the Senate:
Strike out the woids " against their will and consent."
Mr. ELIOT. The Committee on Commerce
have examined that amendment, and recommend
concurrence.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to under-
stand the effect of the amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. The effect of it is to make the
bill more stringent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is all right.
I supposed it would be just the reverse.
The amendment was concurred in.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The Senate amendment to House bill No. 155,
making appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, for the year ending 30th
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending 30th June, 18C2—refeired to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
AVAft STATISTICS.
Joint resolution (S. No. 37) for the collection of
war statistics—read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CONDUCT or TIIE WAlt.
Joint resolution (S. No. 39) providing a ste-
nographer for the joint committee to inquire into
the conduct of the war; the question being on its
reference.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am not satisfied with
that joint committee, and I want to have this joint
resolution referred to another committee. Mr.
Speaker, I was somewhat surprised when that
committee was organized in the Congress of the
United States. We have a Constitution which
picsci ibes the duty of each department of the Gov-
ernment. The conduct of a war, when such ex-
ists, is specially confined to the executive depart-
ment of the Government. But the Congress of
the United States, not content with performing
its legislative functions and furnishing the means
which the requirements of the executive depart-
ment demanded, has undertaken to take charge of
the conduct of the war by means of a joint com-
mittee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to ti point of order. As
the question befoie the House is on reference of
the joint resolution, the remarks of the gentleman
should be confined to the question of reference,
and should not apply to the character of the com-
mittee to which the subject is referred.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 'If that stiict rule were to
be applied to the gentleman from Illinois, he would
never he allowed to speak here at all. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair o\er-
rules the point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to show that the
committee to which it is proposed to refer it is
not fit to examine it, and I have a right to use
arguments on that subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. So the Chair un-
derstands. The gentleman has a right to discuss
the question whether there shall be a stenographer
appointed for the committee, the special commit-
tee to which the resolution should be referred, and
the subject-matter of the investigation generally.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. And also as to
whether the testimony is worth preserving.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman from
Missouri to order for interrupting the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And I call my colleague
to order for talking. [Laughter.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman from Il-
linois [Mr. Lovejoy] will allow me, he will have
a chance before I am done. We did not know
the other day, when we constituted this joint com-
mittee to superintend and manage this war, what
it was that we were engaged in. I have heard a
good deal about the operations of that committee.
Newspaper paragraphs tell me that they have had
the Commander-in-Chief before them, to inter-
rogate him, and to find out what he is going to do.
I do not know what answer he gave them, except
from what the newspapers tell me, and that is that
he said he intended to conduct the war according
to his own notions of what was right.
Now, sir, this joint committee ask forastenog-
rapher to take down their speeches in conclave.
I wanted to see why it was that the Congress of
the United States committed this important power
to a committee, which, of right, belongs to the
President. I confess that when I saw what was
done, I was struck very forcibly with an item of
history, which I once read, connected with the
French revolution. The Chamber of Deputies
was about to be overrun by the Paris mob. Minot,
the commander of the army, was overpowered in
that struggle. The members were alarmed,-and
some one suggested to call in a lieutenant—a
young man called Napoleon Bonaparte—to con-
sult him. He came,and was consulted. He was
asked what was his opinion as to the cause of the
defeat of Minot the day before. He answered,
u becausc of the interference of tire Deputies."
They appealed to Napoleon to take the command.
He consented to it, on condition that the Cham-
ber of Deputies were to mind their own business,
and not to interfere with the military department
of the Government. They had to agree to his
tcrms;^md he saved them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The result was
that he finally drove out the Chamber of Depu-
ties at the point of the bayonet, and usurped the
Government.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, sir, that may be
the case with this military committee, for aught
I know.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not the commit-
tee, but Congress.
Mr, WICKLIFFE. I do not know what im-
portant business that joint committee have to do
that they should require a stenographer. God
knows we have gotjtoo many of them already to
report what we do and what we do not do. I
have heard no good reason given for the appoint-
ment of a stenographer or for the appointment of
this committee. I have had a resolution in my
desk for some time, proposing to abolish it, and
to let the Executive have the entire responsi-
bility of managing this war. If you embarrass
the Executive with your joint committees, your
resolutions, your propositions to make Territo-
ries of the States, this war will not end in my
time or yours. I have looked upon the action
outside of the House—I shall say nothing of what
I have seen inside.—and I have heard much said
as coming from certain quarters, of the inactivity
of the Executive in prosecuting the war. Sir, it
is not my place to become the advocate or de-
fender of the present Executive or of any of the
men in power; but, so long as I see a purpose of
restoring this Union by the arms of the United
States, of sustaining, establishing, and upholding
the people of the several States in all their consti-
tutional rights, they will find me supporting them
in all that is necessary to effect that end, and
nothing else.
Well, sir, let us turn back to the motives and
ends which it is said this committee have in view.
Of all the things upon God's earth, the most haz-
ardous to us at this time is to create in the Army,
in the country, in this House, a distrust of the
ability or capacity of the men who have charge
of the movements of this Army, by your opera-
tions through the committees of this House. Men
will not fight if they have not confidence in their
leaders. You have aCommander-in-Chief in whom
