1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
Laws of the United States.
3TTII_OOM....2d,Sess.
Chap. XLI.— An Act making Appropriations for
the Legislative, .Executive, and Judicial Ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
thirtieth of June; eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and additional Appropriations for the
year ending thirtietlfbf June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, namely: but nothing herein
contained shall be construed as in any manner
impairing the right to reduce the compensation of
any officer of the Government, or to abolish any
existing office.
legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators, two
hundred and forty thousand four hundred and
thirty dollars: Provided, That the second mileage
due by law shall be paid at, the present session as
soon as certified by the Presiding Officers of the
Senate and House: And provided further, That the
foregoing proviso shall not be construed to include
more than two mileages for the present Congress.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollars; officer
charged with disbursements of the Senate, four
hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; principal clerk and.
principal executive clerk in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate, at two thousand one hundred
and sixty dollars each; eight clerks in the office
of the Secretary of the Senate, at one thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars each; keeper of the
stationery, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-
two dollars; two messengers, at one thousand and
eighty dollars each; one page, at five hundred
dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, two
thousand dollars; assistant doorkeeper, one thou-
sand seven hundred dollars; postmaster to the
Senate, one thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars; assistant postmaster and mail-carrier, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars; two mail
boys, at nine hundred dollars each; superintend-
entof the document room, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; two assistants in document room, at
one thousand two hundred dollars each; superin-
tendent of the folding room, one thousand five
hundred dollars; two messengers, acting as assist-
ant doorkeepers, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each; seventeen messengers, at one thou-
sand two hundred dollars each; superintendent in
charge of Senate furnaces, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; assistant in charge of furnaces, six
hundred dollars; laborer in private passage, six
hundred dollars; two laborers, at four hundred
and eighty dollars each; clerk or secretary to the
President of the Senate, one thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars; clerk to the Committee
on Finance, one thousand eight hundred and fifty
dollars; clerk to the Committee of Claims, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars; clerk of
printing records, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars; Chaplain to the Senate, seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars—making seventy-nine thou-
sand and fourteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand dollars.
To pay John C. Rives for printing five hundred
copies of the Diplomatic, Correspondence of the
United States, from seventeen hundred and sev-
enty-six to seventeen hundred and eighty-three,
for the State Department, fifteen thousand dollars.
For printing the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix, which are hereafter to be bound under the
supervision of the superintendent of Public Print-
ing, according to the provisions of section five of
the "joint resolution in relation to the public
Erinting," approved thirtieth of June, eighteen
undred and sixty, eighteen thousand dollars.
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe
for the second regular session of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, thirteen thousand dollars.
Far the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the Senate for the Congressional Globe
for reporting the proceedings of the Senate for the
second regular session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, eight hundred dollars each, four thousand
dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carry-alls, fifteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For Capitol police, ten thonsand two hundred
and twenty-four dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating appa-
ratus, fourteen thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives and delegates from
Territories, six hundred and twenty thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives, viz:
Clerkof the House of Representatives, three thou-
sand six hundred dollars; two clerks, at two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars each; eleven
clerks, at one thousand eight hundred dollars each;
principal messenger in the office, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; three mes-
sengers, at one thousand two hundred dollars each;
messenger to the Speaker, one thousand seven
hundred and fifty-two dollars; clerk to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, one thousand eight
hundreddollars; clerkto theCommitteeo(Claims,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; Capitol po-
lice, ten thousand six hundred and twenty dollars;
Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars; clerk to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; messenger to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars; postmaster, two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars; one messenger in the office, one
thousand seven hundred and forty dollars; four
messengers, at one thousand four hundred and
forty dollars each; two mail boys, at nine hundred
dollars each; Doorkeeper, two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars; superintendent of the fold-
ing room, one thousand eight hundred dollars,
two messengers, at one thousand seven hundred
and fifty-two dollars each; one messenget',at one
thousand seven hundred and forty dollars; five
messengers, at one thousand five hundred dollars
each; six messengers, at one thousand two hun-
dred dollars each; eleven messengers, to be em-
ployed during the session of Congress, at the rate
of one thousand two hundred dollars each per an-
num; Chaplain to the House of Representatives,
seven hundred and fifty dollars—making ninety-
three thousand six hundred and eighteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
For cartage, two thousand dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and dele-
gate of the second regular session of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, and one hundred copies of the
same for the House Library, fourteen thousand
dollars.
For the compensation of clerks to committees,
and temporary clerks in the office of the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, fourteen thousand
four hundred dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights, including pay of engineers,
firemen, and laborers, repairs, ana materials for
engine room, twelve thousand dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing boxes for
members, ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle horses,seven
thousand live hundred dollars.
For laborers, seven thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
For pages and temporary mail boys, four thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe
for the second regular session of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, at seven dollars and fifty cents per
column, eight thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the House
for the second regular session of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, eight hundred dollars each,-four
thousand dollars.
Library of Congress.
For compensation of Librarian, three assistant
Librarians, messenger, and laborers, ten thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, one
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said Library, five
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said Library,
two thousand dollars.
Public Piinting.
For compensation of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, and the clerks and messenger in his
office, nine thousand seven hundred and fourteen
dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, namely:'
For blank-books, stationery, postage, advertis-
ing for proposals for paper, furniture, traveling
expenses, cartage and labor in storing and trans-
portation of paper, and miscellaneous items, two
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For the public printing, one hundred and twen-
ty-fivcthousandfour hundred and eighty-four dol-
lars and fifty-two cents.
For paper for the public printing;one hundred
and eighty-three thousand five hundred and sixty-
nine dollars.
For lithographing and engraving, namely: Sen-
ate, forty thousand dollars; House of Represent-
atives, fifty thousand dollars; making ninety thou-
sand dollars.
For the public binding, two hundred and twen-
ty-six thousand eight hundred and forty dollars
and seventy-five cents.
Court of Claims.
For salaries of three judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitov, deputy
solicitor, clcrk and assistant clerk, and messenger
thereof, twenty-seven thousand three hundred
d0,la''S- EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the Uni-
ted States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of the
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of Secretary to sign patents
for lands, one jthousand five hundred dollars. .
For compensation to the Private Secretary,
steward, and messenger of the President of the
United States, four thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses'of the Executive of-
fice, including stationery therefor, one thousand
dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE. ^
For compensation of the Secretary of State and
Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, messenger,
assistant messenger, and laborers in his office,
fifty-seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
Department.
For losses on drafts of consuls, marshals of the
United States, consular courts, and interpreters,
for theperiod ending June thirtieth,eighteenhun-
dred and sixty-three, ten thousand dollars.
For rent of prison, wages of keepers of the
same, and care of offenders at Amoy, from July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty, to June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, in puisu-
ance of the provisions of the act approved June
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty, the
sum of eight hundred and fifty-eight dollars and
twenty-seven cents.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and
in newspapers of the States and Territories, and
in the city of Washington, seventeen thousand
one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and consu-
lates, including boxes and transportation of the
same, five thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, binding, furni-
ture, fixtures, and repairs, ten thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundreddollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
two thousand dollars.
