1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2821
Morris, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry,
John S. Pbclps, Pomeroy,I'ricc, Alexander H. Rice, Rich-
ardson, ltiddlc. James S. Rollins, Segar, Shellaharger,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thorna?, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Voorhees,YVads-
worti), Waiiace, Walton, Ward, Webster, Whaiey, Albert
S. White, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—74.
So the motion to lay upon the table was not
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mt. CAMPBELL stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Hale, on this matter; and
that Mr. Hale would have voted for the resolu-
tion, while he would have voted against it.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution was rejected.
Mr. ROSC'OE CONKLING. I withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I renew the motion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
cannot renew it; he did not vote with the majority.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York cannot withdraw his motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can withdraw
any proposition he may have made at any time
before it has been acted on by the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It has been acted
on.
The SPEAKER. "VVas the motion to lay upon
the table any action on the motion to reconsider?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is a vote of the
House in relation to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
like any other question, and that the motion to lay
upon the table does notaffect the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. MALLORY.  think that my colleague
has a right to renew the motion to reconsider, as
the vote was a tic vote.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair will have the rule
read which covers this case.
The Clerk read the 40th rule, as follows:
" -SO. Aftei a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by
the Clerk, it shall be deemed to be in the possesion ot the
House ; but may he withdi.iwn at any time before a dccis-
iou *'
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from New York can withdraw his mo-
tion to reconsider. There has been no amendment
to or decision on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. MALLORY. Does not that rule mean that
the motion can only be withdrawn by consent of
the House?
The rule was again read.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It will be with great pain
that I shall be compelled to take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, if it decides this point
as I fear it will.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to make
a suggestion. Under the rule the gentleman from
New York could withdraw his motion before a
decision. He moved to lay the motion to lecon-
sider upon the table. The House has decided that
it will not lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table, and I submit that that is a decision within
the meaning of the 40th rule. If it had been
laid upon the table, 1 submit it would liave been
held to be a decision of the House.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That the House
was unwilling to consider the question.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 49th
rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"■1U When a motion has been once made, and canied ill
the affiunative oi negative, it shall he m order for any mem-
bei of the majority to move for the reconsideiation thereof
on the same or succeeding day; and such motion shall take
precedence of all other questions, except amotion to ail-
tourn, and shall not be withdrawn after the said succeeding
day without the consent of the House; and thereafter any
member may call it up lor eonsuleiation.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let that be con-
sidered with the 49th rule, and there is no mcon-
SlSTheySPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order,and decides that the gentleman from
New York can withdraw his motion to recon-
sider. It cannot be withdrawn after the second
day has elapsed; but it may be withdrawn before
the two days have expired. _
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGr. I call lor the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does the Chair decide
that the gentleman from New York has the right
to withdraw the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal from that de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to lay the
appeal upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN. I make the point of order
that the appeal was taken too late, the House had
proceeded to other business.
The SPEAKER. But the House had not taken
that business up.
Mr. RICHARDSON. At the solicitation of
friends, I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. WALTON. I rise to a point of order:
that the vote on the resolution being a tie vote,
any gentleman can make the motion toj'econsider.
The SPEAKER. Nobody but one of the ma-
jority can make the motion to reconsider. The
negative vote was the majority because the reso-
lution was defeated.
Mr. MALLORY. According to that decision
there never could"bo a tie vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There was no ne-
cessity for the Chair voting, as the tie vote de-
feated the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read the rule
which made it imperative upon him to vote. It is
as follows:
"In all cases of ballot by the House the Speaker shall
vote ; in otliei eases he shall not be required to vote, unless
the House be equally divided; or unless his vote, if given to
the minority, will make the division equal j and in case of
such equal division the questionshall belost."—lii.de 7.
It was under this rule that the Chair voted, al-
though the resolution was lost without it.
The Chair overrules the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Vermont.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The SPEAKER stated the question next in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
401, relating to claims for the loss and destruction
of property belonging to loyal citizens, and dam-
ages thereto, by the troops of the United States
during the presentrebellion, on which the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Wlbster] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. FENTON. I have some amendments to
offer from tile Committee of Claims, which I hope
the gentleman will let me present and have acted
on.
Mr. WEBSTER. I yield for that purpose.
First amendment:
In section three, line twelve, after the word " deposit,"
inseit " for military oi naval stores, or as barracks for the
military toiec of the United Statesso that it will read :
Also, all claims for damages by the destruction of any
house or building while the same was occupied as a place
of military depoiit for military or naval stores, or as bar-
racks for the. military force of the United States, under the
authority of an officer or agent of tile United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add: ,
Provided, however. That all claims embraced in the pro-
visions of (Ins act not presented for adjustment and allow-
ance vvitli in three jeais after the close of the present civil
w«u or tlw suppression ot the rebellion, shall be forever
barred ; and that no claim piovidedlor by tins act shall be
p, evented (o I lie Court of Claims unless referred to said
court by the Senate or House ot Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
In line thiiteen, section nine, after the word "proceed-
ings," inseit « and opinions m writing."
The amendment was concurred in.
Fouvth amendment:
fn line five, section ten, after the word " who," inseit
'■lias m any way favored or supported a secession ordinance
in any State ot."
The amendment was concurred m.
Mr. WEBSTER, resumed the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Maryland allow me to offer a substitute for the
bill ?'
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE then offered a substitute for
the entire bill.
Mr. WEBSTER addressed the House at some
length. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.] . .
Mr. WALTON". I concur most heartily in the
opening remarks of the gentleman from Maryland
upon this bill, but! entirety-disagree with him in
the amendment he proposes and in the ground
upon which he sustained it; and It is upon that
topic I wish to submit a few remarks to the House.
But preliminary to that, I wish to advert to a
remark of my colleague who is on the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont.] ITe said the other day, there is a good deal
of money in this bill, and it will take a good deal
of money out of the Treasury, and for that reason
it ought to receive the deliberate consideration of
this House. He was right in that. It is true that
under the most stringent rules, in regard to the
payment for losses sustained from war, which
have always prevailed in this country, and which,
prevail in every country, a .great deal of money
will be taken out of the Treasury. I understand
that by those rules we are not responsible for the
unlawful acts of officers or men; that we are not
responsible for damages merely consequential to
war; that we are not responsible for the casualties
of war; but that we are justly responsible, and
should be held responsible, for all property taken
for the use, occupation, and subsistence of the
Army. And, moreover, we are to be held re-
sponsible for all buildings which shall be destroyed
by the enemy in consequence of the occupation of
them by our own troops, if destroyed while in
their occupation.
These I understand to be the rules which gov-
ern claims arising out of war—rules always ob-
served in this nation—and I am willing to grant
that under these most rigid rules a large sum will
be required, and the more liberal rules of this bill
will take a vast amount of money outoftheTrcas-
ury, because there will be a vast amount of just
claims arising ouHjf this war. I say more liberal
rules, for this bill decides no claim, and its purpose
is to authorize the taking of proofs in just cases,
even though they may not come within the rigid
rules.
The claims are not to be decided under this bill
by the commissioners; they are only to prepare
and bring the proofs here, and the question of pay-
ment is to be decided upon each claim by Con-
gress, upon the proof. I think Congress, at least,
ought to assume that the cases will be decided ac-
cording to the principles which have always gov-
erned.
But, sir, my fi iend and colleague from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] failed to see that there was an-
other great purpose in this bill besides that of pro-
viding for the just claims of loyal men who shall
bring them here and prove their justness. There
is this further purpose in the bill: that of shield-
ing the Treasury from extortion and plunder. The
bill excludes all claims which do not come within
the rules justly applicable to war claims; excludes
the claims of disloyal persons; excludes claims
based upon ex parte testimony, or which come
without sufficient proof; and finally, excludes all
fraudulent claims.
Now, sir, from what little experience I have had
hero, especially upon the Committee of Claims, I
can say to this House that I believe we shall have
hundreds and thousands of bad claims brought
here unless we adopt some provision of this kind.
We have, sir, by our own action at this session,
opened the doors of the Court of Claims to all
comers, and made the Government suable in every
case where an individual would be suable. Now,
under the law of principal and agent, I am very
much afraid we have opened the door widely to a
vast number of claims which never ought to be
entertained. Then, str, the doors of the War De-
partment are open, and the doors also of the Sen-
ate and House are wide open under the constitu-
tional right of petition; and we cannot close them
unless it is by some provision like that contained
in this bill, which will bar all claimants who do
not present themselves in the mode prescribed.
We shall have these claims coming by hundreds
and thousands and tens of thousands; and we must
do something to protect the Treasury. Weknow
how they will come. There are hundreds of agents
and attorneys now engaged in getting up these
claims. They will geUhem up ex parte, and will
manufacture cases; the witnesses of the claimant
will not be confronted with witnesses for the Gov-
ernment; the eases will not be tested; and when
they thus come here, the Government will never
have proper opportunity to sift them, and know
whether they are just or not. We have no guards
against frauds upon the Treasury, except in the
