1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
imony. He says his committee was appointed
to investigate fraud "in contracts," and not in
persons, and that, therefore, they were right in
organizing a star chamber, and condemning men
without their knowing that they were accused;
cleaving down the rights and characters of citi-
zens, and leaving them to find it out when some
abstract of concealed evidence went over the wires,
telegraphed from the West or from the East, and
only confirmed when this report came in as a sort
of corollary at the commencement of this session.
• The gentleman must have borrowed somebody's
thunder, I think, before making that suggestion.
He must have heard learned lawyers talk who
have declared fhat if you fairly try and convict a
man as a traitor, you cannot take away his lands;
but if you only call him a traitor, and assume that
he is a traitor, you can take all his property for-
ever by a little proceeding in reso the gentle-
man considers this a proceeding in rem, and thinks
that he has violated no principle of justice or hu-
manity in the investigations he has made, or in
the indelible stigmas he has attempted to affix.
Sir, contracts do not commit fraud. Persons
commit fraud. If there be fraud in a contract
somebody has put it there, somebody has com-
mitted it. I would like to know how to investi-
gate frauds in contracts without bringing into
question the character and nets of individuals. If
the investigation was solely as to things, and did
not relate to persons, I hope every mcmberof the
House will take home to himself this question:
how came this committee to report and publish
to the world the names of individuals and to pass
final judgment on them as the guilty actors in
transactions denounced in the report as worse than
fraudulent? How comes it that theft is charged
upon civilians and soldiers, and painted in colors
blacker than the hues of common fraud or rob-
bery, because laid at the door of those who stood
in a double trust, not merely as citizens of this Re-
public, upon whom confidence and honors have
boon showered, m the hour of its agony, but as
th" sworn trustees to guard its Treasiuy and its
funds?
Hn , if the doctrine put foith by the gentleman
fiom Ma.-oachusetts is sound, what becomes of
the principle which lies at the foundation of the
right of trial by jury ? What did Edmund Burke
mean when he said that the greatest object of
civil government was to get twelve honest men
into the jury box ? What becomes of that prin-
ciple inwrought with every jurisprudence, fiom
the twelve tables down, which gave the Athenian,
and has given the meanest culprit ever since, the
right to say, " strike, but hear me?" The gen-
tleman said that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Culfax] complained the other day because the
committee did not send for General Fremont and
ask him to consult with them and assist them in
the investigation of fraudulent contracts. No,
sir. The gentleman from Indiana never said that.
The gentleman from Indiana complained, and I
say '■ Amen," that not the committee, but a frac-
tion of it, went to the far West, and in the ab-
sence of a major general in the field, while he
stood facing the enemies of his country, puvily,
clandestinely, collected ex -parte and even hearsay
evidence against him, tending to blast his diame-
ter as a general, as a citizen, and as a man, and
came back with it m their pocket, never inform-
ing him that he had been drawn into question;
never giving him an opportunity to offer an ex-
planation or to hand in the name of a witness.
That, if I apprehended the gentleman from In-
diana, was the complaint he made. I icfer to it
now merely as an illustration, because^ i have
other matters to discuss within my hour than the
rights or wrongs of Major General Fremont.
It maybe that the committee deemed ail its acts
entirely defensible; but that is not the question,
ami will not be the question for us to pass upon.
The House must, far nself and 111 its own behalf,
pronounce its own judgment as to the just and
pioper mode in which committees should proceed.
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts evinced
great sensitiveness and emotion at the idea that the
committee might be discharged by the House.
There seems no reason for his taking the matter so
much to heart, and lie must have mistaken some-
what the spirit in which such a motion may be
made or .supported. X suppose that m theory of
parliamentary law, at least, a committee has no
interest m such a question, pro or con. Commit-
1863
teesare creatures of the House, and the body which
had the power to give has the power to take away.
I should be very sorry to have it supposed, when
I vote—as I shall whenever the opportunity is pre-
sented—to dissolve the committee, that my action
implied any personal discourtesy to any gentleman
of the House, whether he be a member of the com-
mittee or not. Gentlemen around mc say that
these aie their sentiments also. The simpleidea
is, that this is a pioneer experiment, anew thing,
never tried before, and it has turned out badly, and
the House ought to dispense with it.
And now, sir, having spoken of some evils,
which, I think, have flowed from raising this com-
mittee and enlarging its powers, I would like to
put the question, what practical good has resulted
from these unusual proceedings to offset the harm
it must be admitted they have done?
It is claimed in the first place, as I understand,
that frauds have been detected which, without
such a committee, would not have been found out.
It is claimed, in the second place, that money has
been saved by the committee, which would other-
wise have been lost.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have taken some pains to inform
myself on both these points, and do not under-
stand thateither of them can be successfully main-
tained. I think no fraud has even been developed
by the committee which would have remained
buried had they not dug it up. Their reportsets
out with the steamboat Cataline. Well, sir, that
affair was notorious all over the State of New
York before I left my home to come to the ses-
sion at which this committee was created. It
passed in review in a court of justice, where the
witnesses were called pro and con., many months
ago. So with the purchase of ships by George
Morgan, in New York; that, too, was publicly
known, the knowledge of it was as public as the
New York Herald could make it before the com-
mittee ever gave it its attention. So with regard
to the fortifications at St. Louis.
Mi. 1IOLMAN. Will'the gentleman from
New York infoim the House what information he
had in reference to the fortifications at St. Louis
piioi to the last session of Congress, and also
what investigation had occurred before a courtof
justice in reference to the Cataline before we ad-
journed last summer?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My friend puts
two questions to me, which I will be happy to
answer, though they both lest upon false prem-
ises. I did not say that the matter of the steam-
boat Cataline had been investigated in court be-
fore the adjournment of the last session. I said
it had been done many months ago.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask the gentleman whether
he did not intend to leave the impression that this
investigation took place before tiie organization of
this committee ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I intended most
specifically to leave the impression that nothing
in this report that 1 have ever read, or that any
man has read, has added one scintilla of material
fact to that which was notorious before the report
was made, and notorious by means of informa-
tion totally independent of the committee. I mean
to say that 1 heaid in general about the affair at
my home, and heard the particulars about U in
the city of New York on my way to the session
of Cougiess which created the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
answer my question. I ask him whether he did
not intend to convey the impression upon the mind
of the Houmj that this investigation occurred be-
fore the creation of the committee ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONIvLING. I should be happy
to oblige the gentleman, if I could make the admis-
sion he jsk\s me to; but I cannot. Candor com-
pels me to answer that I did not intend to create
any such impression. If I had, [ should have
been very likely to say so, as it is quite my habit
to say what I mean. I repeat, that there may be
no doubt about my meaning, that the affair of the
steamboat Cataline was noiouous in the country
before this committee was iaiscd,and that it passed
m review before a court in New Yoik long months
as^o. I had no other impression upon my own
nund, and I intended to convey no other.
The other question of the gentleman from In-
diana about the fortifications at St. Loius being a
topic of discussion before our adjournment last
summet, seems to me very farfetched, because
those fortifications were not built bUore 'hat ad-
journment, and if they did not exist at that time,
perhaps the gentleman will be able himself to-
judge how long they had then been talked about.
What I say is, that those fortifications, and their
alleged extravagance, had become food for item-
men of newspapers and others before the com-
mittee ever saw them, or took testimony about
them. This is true, not only of the fortifications,
but of the trash relating to the department of the-
West. The fifty pairs of kid gloves, the retinue
of mounted men going to Jefferson City, the
splendor of quarters and equipage, and a great
variety of clap-trap was got up by those who had
the advantage of the committee of being earlier on
the ground. My friend from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax,] in a letter written, I believe, to his own
paper in Indiana, had referred fully to all that
history and tattle a long time before.
Mr. COLFAX. I did not indorse the tattle.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir; the gen-
tleman did not indorse or countenance it in any
way. Now, I return to the statement that I am
not aware that a single transaction has been un-
earthed by this committee which, without their
excavations, has not become known to the public.
Mr. DAWES. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. It gives me great
pleasure to yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to have my friend
tell us what he knew of the New Bedford and
Starhuck matter until the investigation was made
by the committee, the matter disclosed, and the
money paid back?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Oh, Mr. Speaker,
I should not have forgotten the Starbuck-New-
Bcdford matter. That is a part of my case. That
has been paraded and reparaded; it has appeared
and disappeared and reappeared, and been made
to stalk over the stage; the changes have been
rung upon itas something for which the gratitude
of tho nation was due to the rescuers of $6,166 48,
until no man could forget the New Bedford trans-
action,! ven if he wanted to.
The gentleman from Massachusetts said the
other day in his speech that he and his associates
hod saved iiJahu.lous>> sums of money to theTreas-
ury. I have read somewhere that the actor Gai-
rick once said that he would s;ive a hundred pounds
if he could say " Oh," as Whitfield did. Sir, I
would give a hundred pounds, if I was not too
poor, if I could only say "fabulousas the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts did. Yes, sir, fabu-
lous indeed, entirely fabulous. [Laughter.]
Let us see a little about the dollars and cents
which these gentlemen have saved to the Govern-
ment. In the first place, this report puts forth—
and the gentleman fiom Massachusetts, with that
extreme temperance and moderation of assertion
which is one of his distinguishing characteristics,
lepeated the other day that $6,166 48 was saved
to the Treasury—"we saved it,"says the gentle-
man, $6,166 48; that is the amount exactly; it is
engraved on my memory. The gentleman im-
presses us with a vague belief that by some sort
of alchemy, by some sleight-of-hand, known only
to the committee, this amount of specie was ex-
tracted from the crucible of fraud, lugged all the
way to Washington, and diopped into an empty
Treasury, resounding as it struck the bottom.
[Laughter.]
Now, I undertake, confining myself to evidence
before us, to say that the committee on Govern-
ment contracts no more recovered this money, no
more determined the question whether it should
be returned to the Treasury, than I did, not a bit.
What was done in this case? Mr. Aspinwall,
of New Yoik, one of the men who has run the
gauntlet of this committee, and remains undefiled
with the soil of accusation—Mr. Aspinwall, of
New York, recommended to Commodore Breeze
a man by the name of Starbuck, to buy vessels.
Starbuck went to New Bedford, and bought two
vessels, the Roman and the Badger. He paid a
small sum and turned them over to the Govern-
ment for a large sum, which he was patd, and
$6,166 43 is the amount of over payment. The
committee claim,in the grave language of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that they brought
back and put into the Treasury this amount of
money; it must have happened when they came
back fi din a foray on one of those ii gay and fes-
tive" occasions when they 4< took the field in p&f-
nun" to investigate contracts.
