1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The substance of
my statement was, that information was received
here.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman said positively
that General Patterson telegraphed to General
Scott.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I believe he did.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman has substituted
his belief, and introduced it here as a matter of
fact. The gentleman has aslsed to be brought
before the committee for the purpose of giving in-
formation with regard to whom he received this
information from. I cannot tell what information
we obtained before that committee. I only rose
to set the matter right. The gentleman was labor-
ing under a mistake, and I knew it; and I would
not get up and deny the statement he has made
if I did not know that he was wrong.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The question of
interest before the House is, whether the Presi-
dent and the commander-in-chief of the Army
knew of the escape of Johnson to Manassas.
Mr. COVODE. If we are going into reports
of that kind, we have a report that a telegraphic
dispatch was sent from some person—not from
General Patterson—on Saturday, to the effect that
General Johnson had eluded General Patterson,
and was on his way to Manassas; but that dis-
patch, according to the report, never reachcd
General Cameron or the commander-in-chief until
Sunday morning.
Mr. ELA1R, of Missouri. That is the point
on which the gentleman and I differ. That dis-
patch did arrive on Friday night, and whether it
came from General Patterson or not, it did come
in such an authentic shape, that the President of
the United States put trust in it, and went to
General Scott, and protested against the movement
of the army. That is the point I wish to make.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I thought I had some
definite and fixed ideas about all this transaction,
but I find that I have not. I should like to ask a
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Kentucky yield to the gentleman from
Illinois? ,
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield with the under-
standing that it is not to be taken out of my time.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Kentucky has eight minutes of his hour left.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, the gentleman from
Illinois may have my eight minutes, and I will
take another opportunity to make the remarks
which I intended to make.
Mr. RICHARDSON. From these various and
complicated statements, I have come to doubt
whether I have any information about this mat-
ter, and I have risen for the purpose of asking
this question: whether there was a battle fought
at Bull Run at all ? For these stories have really
so completely upset all the views and notions that
1 had upon the subject that I doubt whether there
was a battle fought there at all.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I withdiaw it.
CONTRACTS FOH IIORSBS.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. DUNN. I appeal to my colleague to yield
to me for a moment. I desire to offer a resolution
in reference to horse contracts.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Whereas the following advertisement appeared lit the Na-
tional Intelligencer of yesterda.v :
HORSES WANTED FOR Trfii UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
Sealed pioposals lor the delivery in Washington city of
one thousand foin handled and fifty cavahv and artillery
horses for the United States Government will bo received
at the office of Colonel D. II. Rucker, depot quartermaster
in thi-s eity, until twlve m., on Monday, the 17th instant.
These hoi^es will he pnteh.Kpd m lot-5 not exceeding two
hundred each, and no bids will be enteitamed foi <x gieater
number from any one person.
No bid will bo cnteitamod that is not indoisod by two re-
sponsible persons, who wiJi guaianty that the bidder will
comply with hi  proposition, if u should be accepted.
Twenty-live days will be {riven fiom the opening of the
bids for tiifi completion of the delivery of the hoises.
Of the above horses, five hundred are required for cavalry
and nine hundred and fifty for artillery.
DESCRIPTION OF HORSES REQUIRED.
Cavalry Horses.
From fifteen to sixteen hands in height; between five and
eightyears of age; ofdark colors; well broken to the saddle;
compactly built, and free from all defects.
Jirtillery Horses.
To be from fifteen and a half to sixteen hands in height;
between five and eight years of age; dark colors; free from
all defects; well broken to harness, and to weigh not less
than eleven hundred pounds.
The horses will be inspected by a board of officers de-
tailed from the regiments requiring them.
The undersigned reseives the privilege of rejecting each
and every bid, should he consider the interests of the ser-
vice require it. * ^ STEWART VAN VLE1T,
Brigadier General and Quartermaster.
Therefore,
Resolved^ That the committee on Government contracts
be directed to inquire what other notice, if any, has been
given for proposals of this kind; what reason, if any, ex-
ists why the time for receiving proposals should have been
made so brief; and whether it is possible for the Govern-
ment to procure the hoises advertised for on reasonable
terms on such short notice.
Mr. GOOCH obtained the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. GOOCH. I am informed that there is
probably not a quorum in the House, and for that
reason I yield.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes after five o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 17, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND BTEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of Robert Sutton, of Cherry Valley township,
Otsego County, State of New York, praying for
the total abolition of slavery throughout the coun-
try; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the Senate, transmit-
ting a copy of the opinion of the Attorney General
of the J 1th instant, in relation to the recently dis-
covered coal mines in California, and of the legis-
lation which ?le deems appropriate to protect the
interests of the country; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of John
F. Driggs and one hundred and forty-nine others,
loyal citizens of Saginaw and northern Michigan,
praying for an appropriation for a military road
from Saginaw river in that State to the straits of
Mackinaw; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the total abolition of sla-
very throughout the country; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of Charles B.
Underbill, praying compensation for the burning
of his vessel, the schooner Cecilia, while sailing
along the coast of Louisiana, by order of Cap-
tain Cicero Price, of the United States steamship
Huntsville; which was refeired to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that the office and dignity of a full
major general may be conferred upon General
John E. Wool, and that his rank as such take
effect from the time when his commission of major
general by brevet bears date; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of P. McD. Collins, praying
a survey of the North Pacific, with a view to an
overland telegraph communication with Europe,
via Asiatic Russia, submitted a icport, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 205) to authorize the survey
of a route for telegraphic communication between
the city of San Francisco, in the State of Califor-
nia, and tho Amoor river, m Eastern Asia. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and j
the icport was ordered to be printed.
Mr4. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, who were by absolution
of the Senate instructed to inquire into the sub-
ject, reported a joint resolution (S. No. 50) trans-
ferring the supervision of the Capitol extension
and the'erection of the new dome to the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA."
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a collection
district at Eureka, in I-Iumboldt county, California, and
repoit as to the same.
NOTICE OE A BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
authorize the President to distribute medals to
privates in the Army of the United States who
shall distinguish themselves in battle.
"WASHINGTON AND OREGON WAR DEBT.
Mr. NESMITH. T move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of joint resolution No. 25.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 25) prescribing the mode of pay-
ing the awards authorized by the act of 2d March,
1861, for settling the Washington and Oregon war
debt, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury, in settling the claims arising
under the act of 2d March, 1861, " to provide for
the payment of expenses incurred by the Terri-
tories of Washington and Oregon, in the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities therein, in the years
1855 and 1856,"to allow interest upon the claims
from the date of the passage of the act, when they
are paid in the time bonds of the United States.
Mr. NESMITH. I ask the Secretary to read
the report of the Committee on Military Affairs
on the subject, which accompanies the joint res-
olution.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
Senate joint resolution No. So, fixing the time from which
interest shall be allowed on the awards of the Third Au-
ditor.of the Treasury Department in payment of the Oregon
and Washington Territory war debt, have had the same
under consideration, and respectfully submit the following
report:
The act of Congress approved Mareh 2, 1861, entitled
" An act to provide for the payment of expenses mcuired
by the Territories of Washington and Oregon in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities therein in the veats 1855 and
I8n6," appropriates the sum of $2,800,000 for the purposes
designated by the act.
The act farther provides that the volunteers who served
in the wnr-4 of 1H.35 and 1856 should receive the same pay
and allowances as were paid to officejsandsoldiersof equal
grade at that period in the Army of the United States, and
that claims lor service.'?, supplies, ttan portation, 8tc.,
should be paid upon, the principle and agiceably to the lates
for services, supplies, tiansportation, &e,, allowed and re-
ported by the Thud Auditor of the Tieasuiy in his icport
of F'ohiunry 7, I860.
Thus it wilt be perceivcd that the act making an appro-
piiation lor services lenderedand foi supplies furnished
trom lour to five yeais previously, contained the most strin-
gent provisions and safeguards against the possibility of
payments being made at rates higher than the current cash
rates at the umc the liabilities were contracted.
Tiie same <ief, by its fourth seel ion, piovides that the
Secretary of the Treasury may, it he deem it expedient,
issue to the claimants bonds ot the United States, of a de-
nomination not, less than fifty dollars, ledeoimible in twenty
years, and bearing interest at the late of six per cent, per
annum.
The Scerel.uy of the Treasury, in the excicise of the dis-
cretion conlerred upon him by tiie act, has seen pioper to
pay the claimants in bonds which arc fiom ten to fifteen
per cent, below par, thus making an unjust du-enmination
between the claimants and othei public creditor.
The Secretary has also adopted a rule that interest shall
only run from tiie 1st January and 1st Juiv piceeding the
time when the claimants file the evidences of then claims.
Inasmuch as the act of Congies^ explicitly provides that
tho&e chums, if paid in bonds, shall diaw six per cent, in-
teiest, your committee are of opinion that the proper time
from which interest should be computed is the date of tbe
appioval oi the act lecognizingthe validity of the claims as
bcimr then due, and providing foi the payment of interest
thereon. Tiie committee leport back the resolution, with-
out amendment, and leeommend that it do pass.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. HALE. Who reports that resolution ?
Mr. NESMITH. The Committee oil Military
Affairs. Mr. President, perhaps it is proper that
1 should make a very brief explanation of this
case. As the report sets forth, money was appro-
priated at the last Congress to pay these claims.
