1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2823
and to refuse payment for the lost service of free
white men, would be monstrous. I have here one
of those interesting works, published by Gales &
Seaton, which some of my friends appear not to
like very well. It is a veiy valuable book for ref-
erence on all questions of this kind. You can go
back to cases from the origin of the Government
up, and there find the principles on which these,
and other great questions growing out of this war
ought to be decided. I find it necessary and con-
venient to consult these books; they quickly set-
tle knotty questions which otherwise would be
solved with difficulty. I consulted these books
on this very question, and I propose now to cite
a few cases in support of my position. I find in
page 453, of the volume " Claims," of the Ameri-
can State Papers, the case of a claim made by
his master for a negro boy lost or killed at the
fall of Fort Minns. I observe that the report of
the committee, was made by Mr. Yancey, ofNorth
Carolina, a slaveholder I presume, for he repre-
sented a slaveholding State; and in fact every
report I ani about to cite was made byaRepresent-
ative from the slaveholding State ofNorth Caro-
lina, so I think the committee could not have been
prejudiced on account of color. This is the first
case.
December 29,1815, Mr. Yancey, of North Car-
olina, from the Committee of Claims, reported on
the petition of Lieutenant Andrew Montgomery:
As to the claim for the value of the negro boy, the com-
mittee are of opinion that the United States are under no
obligations to pay for him. Officers of the Army aie bylaw
entitled to vervain* as waiters, and, for the puipose of pro-
eui mg them, an adequate sum is allowed; but if an officer
of the Aimy piefers talcing tits own slave in the capacity
of waiter, drawing from the United States the sum allowed
for waiteis as a compensation for the hire of lus servant,
il is conceived the United States ought not to be liable for
tiie value of the slave lfhe should be killed, or by any other
accident lost to the owner. If compensation were to be
made for the value of the slave, the claim of the officer, in
selecting his own servant, wouid have the effect of compel-
ling the United States to become the wauanterof the value
otitic servant, instead uf making a leasunable allowance
lor the liiie of a waiter, ns wascontemplated by the act of
Congress."—American State Papers, " Claims," 453.
The next reported case was also by Mr. Yan-
cey, ofNorth Carolina, 24th Febiuary, 1816, on
the claim of a surgeon tit the Army for a sei vant
wlm died i,i the service. The committee said:
" The committee aie of opinion he is not entitled to 10-
lief. If an ollicer ot the Government thinks proper to take
into lit- own seivice his slave m the capacity of -^eivant,
and receives tile pay allowed for seivants, instead of em-
ploving a tree man for that purpose, the United States
should not be considered liable for ins value in ca=e of death
or other lots to the owner."
And then the committee declared the general
rule, applicable alike to free and slave, black or
white, and that is, to pay only for service ren-
dered to Government, and not for service lost, or
the value of slaves lost—thus:
" It was the obvious and correct policy of the act of Con-
gress, and il is evidently its intention, not to make the Gov-
ernment liable for tile value of the set vant, hut to piovide
a sufficient compensation for his seivices.'1—American
State Papeis, '• Claims," 4158.
There is still another case where a slave, who
was the servant of an officer, was killed in the
battle of New Orleans.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What was the name of
the claimant m that case ?
Mr. WALTON. Major Shaw.
This case is a claim of an assistant adjutant
general for the loss of a servant killed m tlie bat-
tle of New Orleans. Mr. Williams, of North Car-
olina, from the Committee of Claims, reported, on
the 3d of February, 1818, that—
"The committee aie decidedly of opinion that Congress
is undei no obligation whatsoc vei to remunerate the peti-
tioner. No principle of legislation is perhaps bettei settled
than this, that lor such josses Government,cannot he liable."
—American State Papers. " Claims/' p. 545.
This was an extremely hard case. The officer
had hired the servant of another man, and actually
paid $500 to the owner for lus loss. For this the
claimant asked indemnification, and Congress re-
fused it.
The next case was one of impressment, when
the ne;rro died of disease contracted m the ser-
vice. January 6, 1820, Mr. Williams, of North
Carolina, reported that—
'■ If the facts we 10 e--talili~lied beyond the possibility of
a doubt that the negro contracted the disease of wine'! lie
died while m the ^eivice of the United states, it would be
eonsidt red a ion\eijucntiai injury, for which the petitioner
is not entitled to pa v.1-'—American State Papers,'' Claims."
p. 6SG.
There are other similar cases, which I will not
take time to refer the House to. Suffice it to say,
Mr. Speaker, that I have examined this book
thoroughly and cannot find a single instance in
which Congress has ever paid for the value of a
slave lost, killed, or captured in battle, or for any
loss of service to the master occasioned by the
death or loss of the slave. In every case the rule
has been the other way. Every such claim has
been rejected, and rejected on the broad principle
that the Government only pays for actual service
while the person is in the employment of Gov-
ernment, and not for the value of a slave or lost
service. We must stand by the rale; or if we
reverse it now, justice will require us to go back
and pay for every slave lost in the Army, from
the war of the Revolution to this day.
Mr. Speaker, I have only a word or two to add
in reference to the substitute presented by the
gentleman from Kentucky, and I desire to call his
attention to it. My first objection to the substi-
tute of the gentleman is that it imposes the duty
of inquiring into and settling these claims upon
the commissioners of chancery in the several
States, who are to consider all the claims which
are provided for in this substitute. Now, sir, I
object to intrusting the settlement of these claims
to a class of persons now holding office in the
States which arc in rebellion. My objection is
that these officers, many of them, may be them-
selves disloyal. Surely a man who is precluded
for his disloyalty from himself bringing a claim
against the Government, ought not to act, in my
judgment, upon the claims of others.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. These are commissioners
of the United States courts, to be designated by
the United States courts; tliev are not commis-
sioners of the State courts at all.
Mr. WALTON. That may obviate the objec-
tion to a certain extent; but even in the courts of
the United States there are disloyal officers. We
are now trying to impeach one of the judges; and
I am very much afiaid that commissioners of
these courts arc in the same category.
Now, sir, I find the first class of claims pro-
vided for by the substitute of the gentleman from
Kentucky consists of cases where the Army of the
United States, or any part thereof— that is to say,
any single soldier, or a platoon, or guard, or
squad—has been furnished with food or supplies
" withorwithouttheconsentof thoowner." That
certainly covers the case of theft by a soldier—
taking without the authority of an officer or the
consent of the owner—which we are not bound
to pay for in any event.
I make the same objection to the second and
third classes. The second covers compensation
for property taken and carricd away without the
consent of the owner, by the Jlrmy, or any of its
officers; and the third iclatcs to damage done to
the real estate of citizens by the Jlrmy of the Uni-
ted States, or any part thereof, by occupying the
same without the consent of the proprietor. Now,
I object that both classes cover cases of trespass,
unlawful acts of officers and men, which no Gov-
ernment has ever recognized.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to put him a question ? A regiment is landed
upon your estate and take your fences and burn
them: ought you to get no pay for it?
Mr. WALTON. If soldiers take fences by
proper authority, for fuel, they will be paid for.
That is the rule. If the soldiers act without au-
thority, it is an unlawful act, a trespass, and Gov-
ernment will not pay for it.
Mi. WICKLIFFE. The Government would
not pay for it under the law as it now exists, for it
has decided not to pay except where there was a
contiact between the parties.
Mr. WALTON. My point is, and the gentle-
man I think must understand it, that we are to
pay only for legal and proper acts of the officers
and men while they are in the employ of the Gov-
ernment. It would never do to pay for unlawful
acls, for trespass and crime.
But, sir, T will not detain the House longer.
VIr. OLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman to
yield long enough to have my substitute read,so
that it may be fairly before the members of the
House.
Mr. OLIN. I will yield for that purpose.
The Clerk lead the substitute.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I have read, with
what care I could besto w upon it, the bill now be-. -
fore the House for its consideration, and 1 can*
not, at this time, yield to it my assent.
I think if any one fact is demonstrated to the
country or to this House, it is the fact that it
would aet wisely and prudently to avoid, as far as
practicable, all subjects of general legislation dar-
ing the present session of this Congress. Now, sir,
this opinion may be worth very little, but in talcing
a retrospect of the various acts that have been
passed by tho present Congress, it does strike me "
that a little more examination, a little more cau-
tion, a little more discussion, or at least a little
more capacity, [laughter,] ought to bo broughtto
the determination of questions before this House.
It is not often that a legislative body is called
upon during its first session and before its ad-
journment to repeal its own acts, and when the
necessity for such a course occurs, it is a pretty
humble admission of that want of care and cau-
tion which should govern a legislative body in the
discharge of its duty.
I have read the provisions of this bill doubtless
as every one not engaged on the committee which
prepared it has done in that hurried manner in
which the multiplicity of business before the pres-
ent Congress necessarily compels. I had sup-
posed myself possessed of some general informa-
tion upon the subject of the past legislation of
Congress on this subject, acquired from my posi-
tion on another committee of this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I understand the pro- '
visions of this bill it is a wide departure from
anything that the Government has heretofore sanc-
tioned or authorized. I allude now more partic-
ularly to the provisions of the third section of the
bill.
Permit me to state in this connection what I un-
derstand to be the pastpractice of tho Government
up to th,o present time. But before I address my-
self to that subject, let me allude to one other mat-
ter. My friend from Vermont [Mr. Walton]
has cited various authorities to show that Congress
has repeatedly refused compensation for the loss
of a negro servant by the casualties of war.
A Member. Slave, not servant.
Mr. OLIN. Well, slave, if that suits the gen-
tleman better. Tho gentleman from Vermont
might have cited the same authorities for the pur-
pose of showing that Congress has never given
compensation for private property damaged or de-
stroyed by the exigencies of war, and unless the
property was taken by authority of law for the
uses of the public, no legal liability was incurred.
Now, in this respect this bill is a departure, in my
judgmen t, from all former legislation of the coun-
try.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I appeal to the gentleman
from Vermont whether it is or not idle to discuss
that favorite humbug question of whether there is
property in a negro slave. The discussion of this
question of whether there can be property in a ne-
gro slave has ceased to be either edifying or enter-
taining on the floor of Congress. Doubtless the
pages or doorkeepers could discuss that question
with unction. [Laughter.] I do not think there
is an argument within the limits of Whately, or
any other rhetorician, that could not be adroitly
and glibly brought into requisition by every per-
son who has bad access to the floor of this House
for tho last five years. About one thing I suppose
there is no dispute. I understand that by the laws
of some of the States—laws which Congress has
not yet assumed to entirely disregard—some men
are entitled to command the services of certain
other men. That is understood on all hands and
agreed to by everybody, by every court in the
United States, from the justice of the peace up to
Judge Taney.
Mr. POTTER. Down to Judge Taney.
[Laughter.]
Mr. OLIN. Down or up, as you please. I
have no feeling or inclinations upon that subject,
which would compel mo to say up rather than
down. I was about to add, that relation so cre-
ated by the laws of those States was regarded by
those States as a profitable relation, out of which
man might make the same amount of money by
the laws of his State as he might in selling a load
of wheat, or any other article of merchandise.
As a matter of fact, then, the question whether
there can be propel ty in man is resolved into
simply this: if that relation be destroyed, the man
entitled by law to the services of another loses the
