1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
343
, Laws of the United States.
3?th Cong....2d Sess.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota,and the clerks in his office, eight thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territory of Colorado, and the clerks in his
office, seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territory of Dakota, and the clerks in his
office, eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, one thousand four hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Califor-
nia, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, including pay of messenger, four thou-
sand dollars.
For office ren t for the surveyor general of Wash-
ingtonTerritory,fuel, books,stationery,and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in New
Mpxico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand nine hundred and
fourteen dollars and thirty-six cents.
For office rent of the surveyor general of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, fuel, books, and incidental ex-
penses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in the
Territory of Colorado, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand dol-
lars. .
For rent of the surveyor general's office in the
Territory of Dakota, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, five hundred dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War, and
• the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, twenty-five thousand dollars.
-For compensation of the temporary clerks and
messengers in the office of the Secretary of War,
ten thousand six hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks, messen-
gers, and laborers in the offices of the Secretary of
War, AdjutantGeneral, Surgeon General, Quar-
termaster General, Paymaster General, Chief En-
gineer, Chief of Ordnance, and Commissary Gen-
eral, appointed under authority of act of January
twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
sixty-three thousand three hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office ofthe AdjutantGeneral, thirteen thou-
sand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation ofthe clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartermaster General, six-
teen thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the temporary clerks and
messengers in the Quartermaster General s office,
fifteen thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Paymaster General, twelve
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the temporary clerks in
the office of the Paymaster General, nine thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger^and
laborer in the office of the Commissary General,
ten thousand and forty dollars.
Forcompensation ofthe temporary clerks in the
office of the Commissary General, six thousand
four hundred dollars.
For compensation ofthe clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, five thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the temporary clerk in the
office of the Surgeon General, one thousand six
hundred dollars.
Forcompensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of Topographical Engineers,
ten thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of temporary clerks m the
office of Topographical Engineers, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, eight thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
Fur compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, twelve
thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the temporary clerks in
the office of the Colonel of Ordnanee, two thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
Contingent Expenses ofthe War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War:
For blank-books, stationery, books, maps, extra
clerk hire, and miscellaneous items, eight thou-
sand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, three thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, four thousand dollars.
Office o£the Paymaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery,and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery,and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Ordnance:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Office ofthe Colonel of Topographical Engi-
neers:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Northwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers of the northwest
executive building, three thousand eight hundred
and fifty dollars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous items,
five thousand dollars.
For the'general purposes of the Building corner of
F and Seventeenth streets.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers for said building,
three thousand eight hundred ami fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and miscel-
laneous items, five thousand five hundred dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and the clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborer, in
his office, forty-three thousand two hundred dol-
lars. _ _ .
For compensation of additional clerks in the
office of the Secretary of the Navy, appointed
under authority of act of the twenty-seventh of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, four
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Navy-Yards and Docks, and the clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer in his office, fourteen thousand
one hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Chiefof the Bureau of
Ordnance and Hydrography, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, twelve thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, and of
the Engineer-in-Chief, and the clerks, messenger,
and laborers in his office, twenty-one thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, mfessenger, and
laborer in the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
eight thousand eighthundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, and the clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer in his office, nine thousand five
hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Navy Department.
Office Secretary of the Navy:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, labor,
plans, drawings, maps, newspapers, books, peri-
odicals, and miscellaneous items, two thousand
eight hundred and forty dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For stationery, books, plans, drawings, and
miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Re-
pairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, printing,
and miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank-books, stationery,and miscellaneous
items, four hundred and fifty dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of five watchmen of the south-
west executive building, three thousand dollars.
Forcontingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items,
four thousand four hundred dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers of said Department, one hun-
dred and fifty-eight thousand two hundred and
twenty dollars. .
For compensation of twenty-five additional
clerks, to be appointed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral under the second section of the act entitled
" An act to promote the efficiency of the dead letter
office," approved January twenty-first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Post Office Department.
For blank-books, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office building, including the
Auditor's office, oil, gas, and candles, printing;
repairs of the General Post Office building, office
furniture, glazing, painting, whitewashing, and
for keeping the fireplaces and furnaces in order,
for watchmen, engineer, (for steam engine,) la-
borers, repairs of furniture, and for miscellaneous
items, thirty thousand dollars.
HINT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Jit Philadelphia.
For salaries ofthe director, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, chief coiner and engraver, as-
sistant assayer, assistant melter and refiner, and
seven clerks, twenty-seven thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one hun-
dred and eleven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing repairs and wastage, fifty thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be preserved
in the cabinet at the Mint, three hundred dollars.
For transportation of bullion from New^York
assay office to the United States Mint for coinage,
twenty thousand dollars.
Jit San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and six clerks,
thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one hun-
dred and five thousand dollars. .
For incidental and contingent expenses, forty-
five thousand and forty dollars.
Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of officers and clerks, twenty-four
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, forty thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in ad-
dition to other available means, thirty-five thou-
sand dollars.
GOVERNMENTS IN TERRITORIES.
Territory of New Mexico.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand dollars.^
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars. . -
For interpreter and translator in the executive
office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
