2824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
amount of property he could realize by a con-
tinuance of the relation; he has lost what is prop-
erty, or its equivalent. It is quite idle, then, to
argue that the law that would destroy that rela-
tion, that would annihilate it, is not such destruc-
tion of property as it would be if that property
were horses, or any other chattel.
Mr. WALTON. I spoke not of property taken
by law, but lost by casualty of war.
Mr. OLIN. Certainly. But I was not com-
menting upon that feature of the bill. I was com-
menting upon this disgraceful—and I say it now
advisedlyand meaningly—I was commenting upon
this disgraceful feature of your bill which says
that men shall be compensated for one species of
property, but shall not be compensated for an-
other.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I glory in that disgrace.
Mr. OLIN. Very likely; and it is not the first
time a man has gloried in his shame. [Great
laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, my objection to this bill is
not what the gentleman from Vermont is opposed
to, that it refuses compensation for the loss of
slaves by the casualties of this war. If the negro
slave shall happen to attain freedom by the ex-
igencies of this rebellion, let him remain free.
I do not, however, like this feature of the bill
which says, in substance, to all men that for
every possible injury to your real and personal
property during the existence of this rebellion, by
the rebel or Union forces, you shall have a claim
against the United States; provided always it be
not a claim for your interest in a negro slave. 1
do not believe such legislation is either very dig-
nified or very honest. I do not believe that it is
very becoming in the Congress of the United
States. Let me state one thing. I said .this bill
was a wide departure from the policy of the Gov-
ernment fromits foundationup tothepresenttime.
As I understand that policy, it was evidenced by
the act of 1816, providing that wherever the Gov-
ernment took possession of private property for
public use, or wherever the property of the citi-
zen was taken possession of or was destroyed be-
cause of its occupancy by the troops of the Gov-
ernment, by the public enemy, compensation was
made for property thus destroyed. In all such
cases the Government made compensation for*
private property thus destroyed. It is a provision
eminently just,because, by the lawofnations, as
now acted upon by every civilized Government
upon earth, private property upon the land has
been protected. And by the existing law, when-
ever the property of the citizen is taken for the
public use by the Government, provision is made
for the payment for that property.
What, then, is left for this bill to embrace within
its limits and scope ? It embraces in this third sec-
tion every variety of claim. It comprehends all
of the innumerable or imaginable claims which
can grow outof this war. In my judgment, if this
bill were to pass to-day, and this war were to con-
tinue six months longer, it would open the door
for claims, necessary to be adjudicated upon
under it, larger than the whole expense of the war
itself. Any man who has had some considerable
experience in Congress, and in reference to the
claims presented before it, and the facility with
which those claims can be magnified from hun-
dreds to thousands and thousands to millions,
will readily understand the magnitude and im-
portance of this act. No civilized Government
upon the earth since the world began has ever pro-
vided for the payment of all the damages which
are embraced by this bill. Never, sir.
War is a calamity, a dire calamity, and of all
calamitous wars a civil war is the worst. With
all its other attendant horrors, it is the most ex-
pensive, and it creates expenses the most difficult
to be got rid of. If we undertake to make indem-
nity to every sufferer for whatever injuries may
occur during the progress of this civil commotion,
I affirm that there never was aGovernment which
would notbe hopelessly bankrupt in the course of
a single year. It behooves us, therefore, to look
carefully to this matter, and not hastily to rush
into measures which will involve us in embarrass-
ments out of which the most sagacious man can
see no sure road of deliverance.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in my judgment this bill is
defective in another respect. It provides for an
expensive machinery to examine these claims,
giving no authority to adjudicate or determine upon
them, and requires them to report to Congress,
and then it calls upon Congress to reexamine them
with the same particularity as though the claims
were required to be originally presented to Con-
gress for its sole adjudication. Now, I really do
think that of all the tribunals ever created by hu-
man ingenuity, the very worst and meanest before
which private claims could be presented is the
HousesofCongress. [Laughter.] Gentlemenmay
laugh, but it is true nevertheless. At all events,
that is my experience. It is eminently proper, 1
admit, that some legislation should be had by Con-
gress in reference to the claims likely to be pre-
sented. But with all the vast machinery which
is provided for in this bill, there has been no good
reason, so far as I can discover, why the Court of
Claims should not be the tribunal before which
these claims should be sent. But before that should
be done there ought,in my judgment, to be a law
passed by Congress strictly regulating and guard-
ing the character of the claims to be the subject of
investigation before that court; and when that
court has passed upon them judicially, I think that
its decisions should be final, unless an appeal be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
as in other cases.
I beg you, Mr. Speaker, and I beg the House,
to remember that we have now two tribunals hav-
ing general jurisdiction over the entire country.
The first is the Supreme Courtof the United States,
with its branch courts, the circuit and district
courts; and, in the second placc, we have created
what is denominated the Court of Claims, which
ought to have, unquestionably, the jurisdiction to
try and determine the claims referred to in this
bill, with an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States. We have here two courts of gen-
eral jurisdiction, employed in the adjudication of
matters having reference to the relations between
the citizens of different States and the General
Government. There ought to be time, there is
time, to examine all matters which may come be-
fore these respective courts or tribunals, and to
decide them promptly. If we do not know this to
be true from the history ofour own jurisprudence,
we certainly know it to be true by comparison of
our system of courts with that of England. There
one supremo court has general jurisdiction of all
matters arising throughout Great Britain. In our
form of Government, all matters which are the
usual subjects of litigation are disposed of by the
Stale courts appertaining to the citizen of a State;
and only the business appertaining to the whole
Union i3 left to be tried and determined by the
Federal courts.
This bill proposes, in addition to the two courts
already existing for general purposes, to create a
third one—a court which for years to come would
pass the title to more property, in my judgment,
than any existing tribunal in the country. It will
involve the United States in more obligations than
will be decided by the other two courts for the same
period of time. I believe there is no necessity for
such a measure. It is suggested by the gentleman
before me that the proposed court has no power
finally to-dispose of any question brought before
it. I have said already, in reference to that pro-
vision, that it was one of the unwise provisions
of this bill, because it simply provides for an ex-
amination and a report to be made to the Secre-
tary of War, who is to make report to this House.
And consequently, if this House has any regard
to the proper discharge of its duties, the examin-
ation of the court would but slightly aid it.
But why all this unnecessary ceremony? My
opinion is that this power ought to be conferred
upon the court, under regulations to be prescribed
by Congress, and that its adjudications ought to
be final, unless an appeal should be taken to a
higher tribunal. When that was made there
should be an end of the controversy. The only
reluctance, so far as I can understand the history
of the country, and so far as my experience goes,
in reference to the measure I indicate, is simply
that it was against the dignity of the Government
to permit itself to be sued in a courtof law. And
it was very dignified and very becoming that pri-
vate claims against the Government should be pre-
sented to Congress which, in its good pleasure,
might consider or refuse to consider such claims.
It is that old humbug idea that there is something
terribly inexplicable and not to be understood in
that idea of sovereignty. It will not do, no, it will
not do, to authorize the institution of legal proceed-
ings against the General Government. We had
one war upon the subject whether a State could
be sued, and we have obviated the difficulty. State
sovereignty triumphed, and it has ended where
we now stand to-day. If a tribunal is to be trusted
anywhere to decide upon the rights of private cit-
izens, it is always safe to intrust that tribunal,
especially one which is independent of the Gen- «
eral Government, to decide between the individual
and the Government.
I do believe that there can be no man found with
six months'experience upon this floor, and espe-
cially upon the Committee of Claims, who would
not intrust any justice of the peace in his own
neighborhood to decide as between the rights of
the Government and the citizens, rather than a
gang of lobby agents before a committee of Con-
gress to wheedle a bill through this House. If I
am mistaken in that, I have been unfortunate.
My^iend alludes to an instance we have had
this morning in reference to the purchase of books.
I will notcite it, but I think I mightcite instances
which have occurred in the experience of some five
years in this House, when I have listened to the
revival of claims here which have passed since I
have had the honor of a seat upon this floor—if it
be an honor, [laughter]—and which have been re-
vived annually for more than forty years, and been
persistently repeated, until by some lucky acci-
dent they have been got through.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to know of the gentle-
man if he has /lot observed that the success of these
measures, after all, has been because they have
been postponed until the evidence by which they
might either be sustained or refuted has died
away, and they have been left to be pressed
through upon shadowy and fictitious stories, got
up because the evidence itself had never been pre-
served by which the Government could be pro-
tected againt such claims ?
Mr. OLIN. Undoubtedly, the fact the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has cited is one of the
controlling facts which have ended in urging
through this House, at various times, claims which
nobody in their senses would sanction. There is
also one other fact, which gentlemen will do well
to bear in mind—and I assert it here now, and
wish the House to listen to it, because I believe
in my soul it is true—that there has never been a
Congress assembled, with which I have had any
acquaintance, in which it was more easy to thrust
through measures without consideration, without
debate,ill advised, and to the prejudice of the best
interests of the country, than the present Congress.
And, in saying that, I do not impute any want of
intelligence, honesty of purpose, or patriotism to
the House; but I assert that it arises from this fact,
and, in my judgment, from this fact alone: that we
are now in the most excited period of our history,
and it is impossible to engage the attention of the
House for a moment to the ordinary subjects of
legislation. Unless the report of a battle can be
read from the desk; unless something pertaining
directly to the war is before the House, it is im-
possible to fix its attention for a moment; and to
all the usual subjects of legislation the House is
ordinarily as deaf as if they had no ears at all. I
do not, of course, impute this to any want of
abilit or integrity or patriotism in this House.
This state of things only exhibits what has been
shown by the history of the world, that in times
of excitement like this the worst of all legislation
has ordinarily been made by the most judiciousle-
gislative bodies thateverassembled. Look,Ipray
you, to the history of our mother countiy. When
was there ever in the annals of legislation a series
of statutes so disgraceful to the intelligence of the
age, and in the view of posterity so discreditable to
the patriotism of the men engaged m it, as in that
stormy period which preceded the revolution of
1688? And if you will turn to the records of his-
tory you will see that there were engaged in it some
men of whom the world was not worthy; the
brightest, the best, and the noblest spirits that
ever defended, discussed, or legislated upon the
dearest rights of mankind.
But men are apt to forget these things, and it
requires some man like me, of cool temperament,
[laughter,] to call the quiet and serious attention
of the House to matters before them, that they
may calmly discuss and prudently decide a ques-
tion so important as this. In my judgment, this
bill ought to be deferred, and it ought to be de-
ferred until another Congress, in order that we
