842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
This resolution makes no additional appropria-
tion; it does not appropriate one additional cent.
.There are ample funds already appropriated to
pay all the debt. The only question that now
arises between the claimants and the Department
is the time when the interest shall commence. The
resolution does not contemplate appropriating any
more money, but merely fixes the mode of pay-
ment, and the time at which interest shall com-
mence.
Mi'. HALE. Is it the one you showed me ?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir; the same resolution
.that I showed you.
Mr. HALE. Then I am satisfied.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear that
resolution read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
read.
The Secretary rend it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that come from a
committee?
Mr. NESMITH. It comes from the Commit-
tee on Military Aftairs, and accompanying it there
is a report which the Secretary has just read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has not been the cus-
tom to pay interest on such claims.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state that the original
act authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to
use his discretion whether the claims should be
paid in money at the Treasury or in bonds run-
ning twenty years, atsix per cent, interest. These
claims had before that all passed your auditing
department, and had been cut down from one third
to one half; the Third Auditor had reported the
claims to Congress, and upon his report an ap-
propriation was made to pay the amount. The
appropriation was somewhat in excess of the
claims as allowed by him. As I before stated, the
act left it discretionary with the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay any amount thus found due in
the Third Auditor's report in money, or in bonds
running twenty years. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury adopted the mode of payment in time bonds.
The consequence was, that after having suffered
a diminution of their claims of from one third to
one half, the claimants were compelled to suffer
another diminution in the shape oi" a discount on
the bonds of fifteen per cent., they being fifteen
per cent, below par. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury adopted the rule that interest should be al-
lowed from the 1st of January or 1st of July pre-
ceding the time when the claimants made appli-
cation here, and filed the duplicate certificates
which were issued to them. Tftis resolution con-
templates that interest shall be computed from the
passage of the act, that being the time when the
claims weie leeognizcd and considered to be due,
and when the appropriation was made by Congress.
We ask that interest be allowed from the passage
of the act, and not any Lime prior to lhat, up to
the 1st of January or the 1st of July, at. which
the interest lias commenced. We ask for no ad-
ditional appropriation, but only payment in that
way. The Committee on Military Affairs have
had the subject under consideration, and have
reported the joint resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has never been cus-
tomary to allow interest from a time previous to
the making of the application and the filing of the
claim. This is introducing entirely a new prin-
ciple in the settlement of our claims.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state, if the Senator
wiii allow me, that there has been a misappre-
hension about that. The claims were filed two
years before the appropriation was made. The
Secretary put his decision in the matter on the
ground that the claimants should only draw in-
teiest flora the time they presented the duplicules
here; not from the time of presenting the claims.
The claims had already been presented and acted
on. Some ot these duplicates are in the hands of
the real claimants; some of them have been trans-
ferred^ and some have been lost. The construc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury favors the
speculators, the parties who had accumulated the
claims, and had them here to present them early,
and drew interest from the time of presentation.
It is u construction against bona fide claimants in
Oregon, who had not the oppoitunity of ascer-
taining the mode and manner of presentation.
That construction operates against them and in
favor of the speculators. All we now ask is, that
payment shall be made from the time that Con-
gress, after having all the accounts before them,
recognized the whole of them; that is, after they
had been cut down by the Third Auditor, and
made the appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When did the act pass ?
Mr. NESMITH. It passed on the 2d of March,
1861. The resolution will make a difference of
three months' interest, I think, in the aggregate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much is the gross
amount allowed ?
Mr. NESMITH. The gross amount is
$2,800,000. That is the gross amount appropri-
ated, being more than sufficient to pay the claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What will be the amount
of interest on that? What difference does this
resolution make ?
Mr. NESMITH. I can only make an approxi-
mate statement, because I do not know the exact
amount presented prior to July; but I think the
aggregate amount covered by this resolution, is
interest on $2,000,000 for three months. I think
that is the amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have very great doubts
about the propriety of taking this subject out of
the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury. I will
suggest to the Senator whether he will not strike
out the words"and direct,"so that the Secretary
will be authorized to make this allowance in cases
where it shall appear to him to be just.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state further, that after
that act passed I went to the Secretary of the
Treasury. There was then great confusion here,
and it was impossible to get anything. I was going
to Oregon. The people of Oregon were pressing
me to know what provision was made for these
claims, and how they were to be paid. I went to
the Secretary with my then colleague, Colonel
Baker. We had an interview with the Secretary,
and he told us he would allow the interest from
the passage of the act. I so wrote to the people
of Oregon, and after I returned there last April, I
stated that that was the construction of the Treas-
ury Department. When I came back herein the
summer I found that the Secretary had adopted
a different rule. I went to him, and in conversa-
tion with him reminded him of his former decis-
ion in the case. He admitted that he had so de-
cided at the time; but he said, withoutgiving any
very good reason for it, as I thought, that he had
concluded to adopt a different rule. We are not
only deprived of our interest, but %^e are deprived
of fifteen per cent, by the depreciation of the bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The probability is, that
he could not go anyTurther under the act. This
is a very unusual course to take to direct the pay-
ment of interest in such cases under an act.
Mr. NESMITH. I accept the amendment to
the resolution, suggested by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be necessary then
to reconsider the vote by which it was ordered to
a third reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
he so modified by unanimous consent; and the
words " authorized m his discretion" will be in-
serted in place of "authorized and directed."
[" Agreed."]
The joint resolution was passed.
CAPTURE or FORT DONELSON AND SAVANNAH.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to interrupt
the proceedings of the Senate one moment to have
a dispatch read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the communication will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"General MeCIcIlan at noon received a dispatch from
Cairo, announcing airival there this morning of gunboat
(\irond<;k'T, bunging nows of the capture of Fort Donelson
yesterday by tlie land forces of the United States. Fifteen
thousand prisoners taken, including Generals Johnston and
Buckner. Floyd escaped. [Laughter.] Very heavy loss
on botli ,«ides.
•'Gcneial McClellan had the dispatch read at the War
Department, and autbonzcd .Mr. Colfax to state it to the
House on Ins authority/1
[Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT.
[Renewed applause.]
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
The VfClE PRESIDENT. The Chair
that that is neither cipplaiuhn.
Senator.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say that in addition
to this intelligence, I saw a dispatch a short time
That is all right.
rules
or censuring a
ago at theNavy Department, coming through rebel
sources, stating that Savannah, in the State of
Georgia, had also fallen. [Great applause in the
galleries.]
Mr. FOOT subsequently rose and said: I hold
in my hand a dispatch from a rebel source to the
associated press, in reference to the recent victo-
ries at the South, which I ask may be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The dispatch will
be read, if there be no objection.
Mr. HALE. It requires unanimous consent.
[Laughter.]
The Secretary read, as follows:
"The Old Point steamboat, which ariived at Baltimore
to-day, brings the following:
" By a flag of truce from Norfolk, we hear that Fort
Donelson surrendered to General Grant. Generals Pillow,
Floyd, Johnston, and Buekner were taken, together with
fifteen thousand prisoners.
"We are also informed that fighting has been going on
near Savannah, and that city has piobably been captured."
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. FOSTER. I inquire whether it is in order
to cheer rebel reports. [Laughter.]
COURTS IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No. 128, to change and regulate the terms of the
circuit and district courts of the United States, in
the northern district of New York. It is a bill of
local interest, which will excite no debate. Its
only public interest is,that it will save the Gov-
ernment some eight or ten thousand dollars of the
expense of holding unnecessary courts.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for holding a term of the circuit and district
courts at the United States court-room in Canan-
daigua on the third Tuesday in January; at the
United States court-room in Utica on the second
Tuesday in March; at the United States court-
room in Oswego on the second Tuesday in May;
at the United States court-room in Buffalo on the
second Tuesday in July; and at the City Hall in
Albany on the third Tuesday in October; and a
term in Plattsburg and Ogdensburg, alternately,
in one on the second Wednesday in September,
1862, and in the other on the second Wednesday
in September, 1863, and so on. It also provides
that the judges may hold special terms, giving
notice by advertisement in the State paper of
New York.
The bill provides for the summoning of grand
and petit jurors to serve on either the circuit or
district court, or in both courts. It provides for
the return of process to the new term days with
the same effect as if no change were made.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend thefirstsec-
tion by striking out the following words:
And the judges of the said courts may appoint and hold
special terms thereof at the places above specified, or at
any other places in said district, whenever it shall by them
be deemed necessary or expedient. Such appointments
shall be made under the hands of said judges, and notice
thereof shall be published in the State paper of the State of
New York once in each weelt for four weeks prior to the
commencement of such special teims.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was oidcred to be engrossed, and read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OE REVENUE OFFICERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a joint resolution in
regard to the compensation of officers engaged in
the collection of the revenue, have directed me to
report it back with a recommendation that it pass,
and as it is very short and will occupy no time,
I ask the unanimous consent of-the Senate to pass
it now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (S.
No. 36) limiting the compensation of collectors of
the customs, naval officers, and other officers em-
ployed in the collection of the customs, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the compensation of a collector of the
customs, naval officer, surveyor of the port, or
other person employed in the collection of the
customs,shall in no case exceed the sum of§10,000
for a year, including what may be received from
commissions, fines, forfeitures, penalties, and all
other sources whatsoever.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
