1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
« .
345'
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess..
first session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, six
thousand one hundrei} and eighty-four dollars and
twenty cents.
For clerks to committees; pages, horses, and
carry-alls; seven thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
. For Capitol police, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
. For compensation of the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri, two thousand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in New
Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, nine hundred and fourteen dol-
lars and thirty-six cents.
For contingent expenses of the officc of the
Fourth Auditor, seven hundred dollars.
For the payment of the salaries of two clerks
in the Attorney General's office, appointed under
authority of act of second August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, one thousand four hundred
dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks, messen-
gers, and laborers in the offices of the Secretary of
War, AdjutantGeneral, Surgeon General, Quar-
termaster General,Paymaster General, Chief En-
gineer, Chief of Ordnance, and Commissary Gen-
era!, appointed under authority of actof January
twenty-seventh,eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
twenty-six thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of two Assistant Secretaries
of War, appointed under act of January twenty-
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, one year
from the date of their appointment, six thousand
dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
office of the Secretary of the Navy, authorized by
act of January twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, two thousand dollars.
For necessary expenses for supply of water-
pipes, hydrants, hose, apparatus, and employ-
ment of firemen for the protection of the public
stores and hospitals in the city of Washi gton,
the sum of ten thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for that purpose, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War: Provided, That no more than one fire-
man shall be employed at each store or hospital,
and at a compensation not exceeding five hundred
dollars per annum.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to replace the thin glass in the roof of the
Library of Congress with glass of a proper thick-
ness, and to ventilate the library, nine hundred
dollars.
For putting the plates of the exploring expedi-
tion in order for preservation, and transporting
them and the other effects of the expedition to
Washington, to be preserved in some of the pub-
lic buildings or at the Smithsonian Institution,
two thousand dollars, to be expended under the
Joint Committee on the Library of Congress; and
if any part of this appropriation shall remain un-
expended for these purposes, the same may be
applied, if necessary, to the completion of volume
twenty-three of the works of said exploring expe-
dition, or to the payment of any arrears of rent,
or claims-forservicedue onaccountof any of said
works.
For completing the work on the Patent Office
building, so far as to preserve the materials al-
ready prepared, fifteen thousand dollars.
To pay the mileage and salaries of John Kline,
Joseph Segar, and John M. Butler, while contest-
ing seats in the House of Representatives, per
resolution of the House of Representatives of
March fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
nine thousand dollars; but only so much salary
or mileage shall be paid to either as he would have
been entitled to up to the time of his rejection, if
he had been duly elected.
Sec. 3 And be it farther enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States is heieby authorized to
expend during the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, so
much of the appropriation of second of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as he may deem
expedient and proper, not exceeding in the whole
ten thousand dollars, for compensation to the Uni-
ted States marshals, district attorneys, and other
persons employed in enforcing the laws for the
suppression of the slave trade, for any services
they may render, and for which no allowance is
otherwise provided for by law.
Sec. 4. An4be il further enacted, That from and
after the first, day of July next, and until other-
wise ordered by the President, the Territories of
Utah and Colorado shall constitute one survey-
ing district; and the duties of surveyor general m
said district shall be performed by the surveyor
general of Colorado; and the surveying district of
Nevada shall be united to that of California, the
duties of the surveyor general of the former shall
be performed by the surveyor general of Califor-
nia; and the transfer of the effects and archives of
the said offices shall be made under the instruction
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered to carry into effect the provisions
heretofore made by law for refitting and repairing
in the city ofPhiladelphia the building now owned
by the United States, on Chestnut street, for the
use of a post office and the holding of the Unite,d
States courts in said city: Provided, nevertheless,
That the whole expense of said alterations and
improvements shall not exceed in cost the unex-
pended balance heretofore appropriated by law
for that purpose.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident shall apppoint in the Department of the In-
terior, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a competent person, who shall be called
the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, whose sal-
ary shall be throe thousand dollars, payable in the
same manner as the salary of the Secretary of the
Interior, who shall perform such duties in the De-
parimontof the Interior as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary, or may be required by law, and who
shall act as the Secretary of the Interior in the
absence of that officer.
Approved, March 14, 1862.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act for a Joint Commission
for the preservation of the Atlantic Fisheries.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
is hereby authorized to appoint a commissioner,
to meet such commissioner as may be appointed
011 the part of Great Britain, and also one on the
part of France, together to form a joint commis-
sion to frame measures to protect the fisheries off
the coast of Newfoundland and North America
against deterioration and destruction by means of
set lines on the spawn banks, and like destructive
practices.
Sec . 2. And be it further enacted, That, to enable
the President to carry into effect this act, the sum
of three thousand dollars be,and the same is here-
by, appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 15,1862.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act to amend "An Act to
incorporate the Columbia Institution for the
Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind," and tp make Appropriations for the
benefit thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of four thousand four
hundred dollars per annum, payable quarterly,
shall be allowed for the payment of salaries and
incidental expenses of said institution; and that
four thousand four hundred dollars be, and is here-
by, appropriated for that purpose, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the fiscal year ending June thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the sum
of nine thousand dollars be, and thesameis hereby,
appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the erection, fur-
nishing, and fitting up of two additions to the
buildings of said institution.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all receipts
and disbursements under this act shall be reported
to the Secretary of the Interior, as required in the
sixth section of the act to which this is an amend-
ment.
Approved, March 15, 1862.
Chap. XLV.—An Act to authorize the purchase
of Coin, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury may
purchase coin with any of the bonds or notes of
the United States, authorized by law, at such
rates and upon such terms as he may deem most
advantageous to the publicinterest;and may issue,
under such rules and regulations as he may pre-
scribe, certificates of indebtedness, such as are
authorized by an act entitled "An act to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue certificates
of indebtedness to public creditors," approved
March first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to
such creditors as may desire to receive the same,
in discharge of chocks drawn by disbursing offi-
cers upon sums placed to their ci edit on the books
of the Treasurer, upon requisitions of the proper
departments, as well as in discharge of audited
and settled accounts, as provided by said act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the de-
mand notes authorized hy the act of July seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and by
the act of February twelfth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, shall, in addition to being receivable
in payment of duties on imports, be receivable,
and shall be lawful money and a legal tender, in
like manner, and for the same purposes and to the
same extent, as the notes authorized by an act en-
titled "An act to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States," approved February twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the lim-
itation upon temporary deposits of United States
notes with any assistant treasurers or designated
depositaries, authorized by the Secretary of the
Treasury to receive such deposits, at five percent,
interest, to'twenty-five millions of dollars, shall
be so far modified as to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to receive such deposits to an amount
not exceeding fifty millions of dollars, and that
the ratesof interest shall be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury not exceeding the annual
rate of five per centum.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, in all
cases where the Secretary of the Treasury is au-
thorized by law to reissue notes, he may replace
such as are so mutilated or otherwise injured as
to be unfit for use with others of the same charac-
ter and amount; and such mutilated notes, and all
others which by law are required to be taken up
and not reissued, shall, when so replaced, or taken
up, be destroyed in such manner and under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe.
Approved, March 17, 1862.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act authorizing Floats to is-
sue in satisfaction of Claims against the United
States for Lands sold by them within the Las
Ormigas and La Nana Grants, in the State of
Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall beYhe duly of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue and
deliver to the respective owner or owners of the
Las Ormigas andLaNanatractsofland,"formerly
situate ift the parish of Natchitoches, now par-
ishes of Sabine and De Soto, in the Stato of Louis-
iana, 01* to his or their assigns or other legal rep-
resentatives, certificates or floats, in the usual
form, for so much land as may have been at any
time heretofore sold, donated, granted, or re-
served by the United States within said tracts of
land or either of them; and which certificates or
floats may be located by the owner or holder
thereof 011 any lands belonging to the United
States, and subject to private entry at a price not
exceeding one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, and which certificates or floats shall he in
full satisfaction of all claims against the United
States for lands so sold, donated, granted^ or re-
served: Provided, That as a condition precedent
to the issuing of the floats hereinbefore author-
ized, the claimant,, or claimants, shall present to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office sat-
isfactory evidence of title thereto, and that such
