1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and it was read the third time,
and passed.
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. HARRIS. Two or three days ago I in-
troduced a hill (S. No. 200) providing for the es-
tablishment of provisional governments in certain
cases. It is a bill of considerable public interest,
and I move that it be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the bill been referred to
a committee?
Mr. HARRIS. It has been referred.
Mr. SUMNER. And reported back?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir. I desire to have it
printed before it is acted on.
Mr. HALE. I lmve no objection to printing
the bill, but I want to make a single suggestion tu
the Senator from New York; and thatis that the
Committees on Territories of the House of Rep-
resentaiives and of the Senate have had several
meetings for the discussion of this very subject,
and have bills before them relating to it. I would
not take the Senator's bill out of his hands; but
I would suggest to him whether, as the Commit-
tees on Territories have had several bills before
them on the same subject, it would not be advis-
able to discharge the Judiciary Committee from the
consideration of this bill and refer it to the Com-
mittee on Territories. I have no feeling about it
myself, not the slightest.
Mr. SUMNER. I have had the pleasure of
reading: the bill introduced by the Senator from
New York, and I concurred in itentirely. I think
it a very important and interesting measure. It
seems to me that properly and logically it should
go to the Committee on Territories. I would not,
of course, take from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary any business which properly belongs to it;
but it seems to me that this properly belongs to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no particular desire that
the bill shall be considered by the Committee on
the Judiciary. I regard it as a bill of great pub-
lic interest; and my only object i-^ to have prompt
action upon it. I thought that if it went to the
Committee on the Judiciary, we might get are-
port very soon upon it. That was my only ob-
ject in having it referred to that committee. My
fear is that if it goes to the Committee on Terri-
tories, it may slumber there a little too long; and
thatis the only objection I have to that sugges-
tion. If the Committee on Territories can acton
it, and proceed.promptly, I prefer that it should
go there.
Mr. HALE. Though I belong to the Commit-
tee on Territories, I have not met with them on
this subject; but I can inform the Senator that the
Committee on Tcriitories of the Senate, and the
Committee on Territories of the House of Repre-
sentatives have already had two joint special
meetings on this very subject, and have bills be-
fore them at this time. It seems to me appropri-
ate to go to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to print the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now I move that the Committee
on the Judiciary be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. I think the Committee on the Judiciary is
the proper committee to have charge of this sub-
ject, and I hope it will be permitted to remain with
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope it will have the di-
rection that the Senator from New York desires.
It seems to be appropriate to either committee. j
Mr. HALE. I have no feeling about it. j
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to its going j
to the Committee on Territories if we can secure ;
a prompt report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER subsequently said: I desire to
move a reconsideration of the vote changing the j
reference of the bill introduced by the Senator ]
from New York. -I am satisfied now that the j
change was made under a misapprehension, and
I have the concurrence of the Senator from New
Hampshire, who insisted upon the change of ref-
erence, in my motion to reconsider. As the bill
was introduced by the Senator from New York,
and he is a member of th" Judicialy Committee,
843
it has seemed to me and to others with whom I
have conferred, that the bill should go to that
committee, and I believe it would be agreeable to
that Senator to take charge of it.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the motion to change the formal' reference of the
bill was rejected. It is therefore still before the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CAVALRY ORGANIZATION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the bill (S. No. 153) for the better organization
of the cavalry forces was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question being
upon the amendment reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the original bill, and
inserting in lieu of it the following:
That the cavalry forces m the service of the United States
shall hereafter be organized as follows: each regiment of
cavalry shall have one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, three
majors, one surgeon, one assistant surgeon, one regimental
adjutant, one regimental quartermaster, one regimental
commissaiy, one veterinary surgeon, whose compensation
shall be seventy-five dollars per month, with the rank of a
regimental sergeant major, one sergeant major, one quar-
termaster sergeant, one commissary sergeant, two hospital
-stewards, one saddler sergeant, one veterinary sergeant,
one chief trumpeter, and one chief fanier or blacksmith ;
and each legimeut shall consist of twelve companies or
troop*, and each company or troop shall have one captain,
one fiist lieutenant, one second lieutenant, and one acting
or supermimeraiy second lieutenant, to be selected from
the non-commissioned ofiicersof the respective regiments,
one fiis-t sergeant, one quartermaster sergeant, one eom-
missaiy sergeant, five sergeants, eight corporals, two team-
steis, two iarriers or blacksmiths, one saddler, one wag-
oner, and seventy-eight puvates; the regimental adjutants,
tiie regimental quartermasters, and regimental commissa-
ries, to be taken from the firstheutenants of their respective
regiments, but in which they shall continue in the line of
promotion : Provided, That vacancies caused by this organ-
ization shall not be considered as original, but shall be
filled by regular promotion.
Sec. 2. %dndbc it further cncutcd, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized and di-
rected, under such regulations as he may establish, to re-
duce, by transfer, discharge, or otherwise, all the cavalry
forced now m the service beyond fifty regiments, each of
which regiments to be organized asprovidedforby this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
this organization, and presume it is all correct
from its ha-ving been reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; but I desire to ask the
chairman of that committee why the number of
cavalry is not reduced below fifty regiments?
Prom all I have heard in conversation with mili-
tary officers, I should suppose that to be quite
too large a number.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
m regard to the plan of organization that it was
devised by the officers connected with the cav-
alry, approved by the War Department, and ap-
proved by General McClellan as the best plan for
the organization of the cavalry forces. On look-
ing over it carefully, lam satisfied that it is agood
plan. The regiments are made larger than they
have been heretofore, and hence a few more offi-
cers are needed, but I think it is cheaper than the
old plan for the same number of men.
Then, in legard to the reduction of these regi-
ments, we have now seventy-seven volunteer cav-
alry regiments. Some of them are in a perfect
condition, armed, equipped, and mounted; others
are mounted and not armed; some are armed and
not mounted. The object is to reduce these sev-
enty-seven regiments to fifty, to strike off twenty-
seven regiments, consolidate them, and muster out
of the service any surplus numbers that there
may be after bringing the force down to fifty regi-
ments. This is a matter of judgment. Whether
it is best to have more or less than this number is
for the Senate to say. Looking over the whole
subject, taking everything into consideration, it
was thought best to have fifty regiments. I think
we have now twelve or fourteen cavalry regiments
connected with the army of the Potomac. They
have a number m Kentucky, I do not recollect
how many. According to this plan, the fifty regi-
ments are* to be assigned, in proper proportions,
to the various armies in the field, and fifty was
considered to be the proper number. It is for the
Senate, however, to determine whether the num-
ber shall be fifty, or whether it shall be increased
or still further reduced. The opinion of those
who have examined the subject very closely is
that the cavalry forces ought to be reduced from
seventy-seven to fifty regiments, and that that
will make about the proper force necessary for the
Army. The committee concur m that opinion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
Senator if he is informed as to the fact whether
the seventy-seven regiments contain seventy-seven
thousand men, or what the number is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As far as
we are informed, these regiments.do not contain
seventy-seven thousand men, but the impression
is that the number is about sixty-eight thousand*
Mr. COLLAMER. This bill will leave sixty
thousand.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
sixty thousand. If the Senate think sixty thou-
sand too many, they can reduce the number. It is
a matter for them to decide. The plan is to make
about twelve hundred men to each regiment, and
to enlarge the size of the regiments so as to diminish
the expenses; because a large regiment does not
cost so much as a small regiment, man for man.
This plan provides for fifty cavalry regiments of
twelve hundred men each, making altogether sixty
thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that I have
a very strong impression derived from conversa-
tion with military officers and others—I do not
pretend that any weight ought to be given to nay
own judgment about it—that the cavalry force
here proposed is altogether too large. I know that
the late Secretary of War said to me that twenty
thousand cavalry were as many as could possibly
be used, in his judgment. I do not know how
much his judgment on military affairs might have
been worth.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts* Wc want
cavalry in the West.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have now what may
be called three great armies. We have one here,
one in Missouri, and in parts of other western
States connected with the department of Missouri;
and we have one in Kentucky. It strikes me that
ten cavalry regiments, connected directly and in-
directly with each of these armies, are all that can
be possibly necessary. The proportion of cav-
alry here proposed is enormous to all our forces.
We have in reality but five hundred thousand men
authorized by law. That was all that was sup-
posed to be necessary. That number has been
exceeded, rather by bad management, by careless-
ness, than otherwise. 1 have not heard the opin-
ion expressed by anybody that all these men can
possibly be used. These cavalry regiments cost
us two millions of dollars or more a year—three
times as much as infantry; certainly at least twice
as much. The result will be that we shall have
to pay one hundred and twenty or one hundred
and fifty millions a year for cavalry alone. I can-
not suppose it to be possibly necessary. I know
that those connected with the cavalry arm of the
service, and officers generally, are very much dis-
posed to enlarge on the necessityof these things,
for it is a splendid matter to have such a great
proportion of cavalry. I am in favor of having
enough of it. The first idea was, that we did not
want any. That was clearly a mistake. I move
to strike down the number of regiments to thirty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair omitted
at the precise time to call the attention of the Sen-
ate, as it was his duty to do, to the special order
of the day. He does so now. The special order
of the day is Senate bill No. 175.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone that bill for a short time, until wc dis-
pose of this.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee in the fifth line of
the second section, by striking out " fifty," and
inserting " thirty," so that the number of cavalry
regiments shall be reduced to thirty.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that I ought to
say anything in regard to an Army matter, after
the rebuke that was administered to me here the
other day; but it seems to me that the Senate is not
prepared just at this time to pass on this bill at
all, and especially not to adopt this amendment.
We shall know in a few days the character the
war is to assume. If it is to be carried on in a
regular campaign, if there are to be organized
armies on the part of our adversaries, we shall
not want the amount of cavalry force that we now
have. But if the rebel forces are to broken up into
guerrilla parties, we shall want a large cavalry
force. It seems to me it would be prudent for us
to postpone the consideration of this bill. I want
the cavalry force and the expeuscs of the Gov-
