1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
found to state it. If the Kansas committee took
a cent beyond actual expenses, somebody will
know it. I state the facts as they are, with no
desire to wound any man; but if we are to have a
committee costing twenty or thirty thousand dol-
lars up to this time, assailing men and blackening
their characters—whether justly or unjustly I will
not say at this moment—I say that it behooves us
to know whether it does any good, and how much
it costs; and in these times it behooves us to know
whether any one is nfiing the Treasury, either
inside or out.
One other thing I should like to have explained
before leaving this point. Until by accident—a
hint being given me very recently—I discovered
the little " order" on the journal, hid away in the
ponderous volume of testimony, too big to be
opened, I had relied upon a statement in the re-
port of the committee, and was,of course, totally
deceived—as every one must be—as to the amount
of money absotbed by the committee, and for
what purpose it had gone.
Page 2 of the report contains this passage:
"The expenses of the committee paid ihu^ Tar, (except-
ing the pay of the stenogiapher,) being for the traveling and
othei expenses of the committee, for the mileage and fees
of witnesses, for the mileage and fees of the Seigeant-at-
Arnih, foi me.^cngcr lure, for stationery, rent of room*,
tflojT'aphing, express charges, &c., amount to the sum of
$5,153 38."
Is that statement true, sir?
When speaking of witnesses and theSergeant-
at-Arms, the report uses the words " mileage and
fees;" but when speaking of the committee, the
words are " traveling and other expenses." Was
this accidental? Was it "a mistake of the printer"
which makes a distinction between what witnesses
received and what the members of the committee
took? Why did not the report inform us that
mileage and pay, besides their pay as Represent-
atives', had been taken? If we were not to be told
this, would it not have been enough to conceal
and suppress the fact without a positive affirma-
tive misstatement?
It shows, Mr. Speaker, that a little mileage is
a dangerous thing. That is what Pope would say
if he lived now. Mileage is like liquor, if tasted
in excess men become slaves to it; but it usually
takes long to fasten the habit in so inveterate a
decree as would seem to be the case here. I do
not see how it can have become so aggravated a
ease in so short a time. If there had been any-
body on the committee who ever heard of a Rep-
resentative who for many years successively made
a mistake every year of six or seven hundred
miles in certifying the distance of his home from
the capital, and thus put in his pocket perhaps
s489, not his o wn, year after year, that would have
accounted for it. But as it is, who can account
for it?
It must be admitted that rather a dubious ex-
ample has been set, and thata precedent has been
established which is not good for the frugality or
for the morals of the nation.
Now, there are various other things, all in rem,
which 1 would like to remaik upon, and winch I
should not omit tf I had time; but I suppose my
time has substantially expired, and I would in-
quire again how much time I still have?
The SPEAKER. Ten minutes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That's a long
lease here, and it gives me time to speak of this:
the other day, when the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] had the floor, and had
spoken as long as by the rules of the House any
member is entitled to speak, I objected to his con-
tinuing. When he resumed the floor he went
tin ou° h the ceremony ot'an apology to me, which
was mu'tly inaudible where I sat, and unintelli-
°iblc for another reason, as I happened to be out
of the House during that portion of his preceding
remarks which had most pointed reference to me.
But looking at the Globe the next day, I saw
what the design of the gentleman was. Jt was to
convey to the House the impression that I feit
offended at the pleasantry which he had indulged
concerning me, and retaliated upon inm with an
objection for that reason. I luid assigned adit-
fere lit reason for my objection, and how far it be-
came the gentleman, how far it was proper, and
how far it'was egotistical, to make the suggestion
that lie had wounded my feelings, is a question
for him. 1 heard enough of Ins, speech to regret
deeply what I heard, and on no account personal
to myself. I heard enough of his speech to believe
that it was not calculated to promote those objects
which he professed to have in view, and 1 was
weary of hearing the gentleman's wail se defend-
endo, and of hearing him drag into common sus-
picion half, if not all, the officers of the Govern-
ment. From the report of his speech, it must
have been, as a success, the most magnificent
affair on record. The gentleman seems to have
roamed through the House like the stately boar
of the forest, tearing with his tusks, and tossing
into the air every one he encountered; the ground
must have been strewn far and wide with the man-
gled bodies of his victims. Judging from the
amount of laughter and applause which appears
in the report, revised and improved by the gen-
tleman himself, it must have been the wittiest, the
funniest, the most excruciatingly side-splitting
production that was ever brought forth, even by the
gentleman himself. Among other things, he made
himself most merry at my expense; and I want
to admit that fairly and most effectually he put
the laugh upon me. That is all right. But a great
man has said that itis notfrom the laughers alone
that the philosophy of history is learned.
A few days ago, when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] was speaking of the
young man Sacchi, who has been gibbeted by the
committee at the cross-roads of public opinion as
a swindler, i was thinking of another stranger j
who came from the vine-clad hills of France, and j
ranged himself by the side of our fathers upon the !
bloody battle-fields of the American Revolution, j
The stranger of whom I was thinking is lie whose ;
picture alone, by the side of Washington's, is al- |
lowed to adorn the tapestries of this Hall. I rec- j
ollected thatin 1824,when La Fayette revisited this j
country, one of New England's orators applied to j
him, in the city of Boston, some beautiful words ;
which had lingered long in my memory. _ And, j
! struck, as the gentleman was speaking, with the i
| general parallel between the stranger who came j
i then and the stranger who came now to espouse
' our cause, I made application of the quotation to
; the case in hand. It was a needless thing; it was
i an ill-judged thing, if you please, but it injured no
one, and might have given a harmless pleasure to
i htm, I meant to praise. The gentleman from Mas-
. sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] thinks it was poetry ,and
j poor poetry. W^ll, there was a time when Charles
! Sprague held distinguished eminence in the re-
! public of letters, and it was God's mercy to him
; that he did not live in Massachusetts at a time
I when the proprieties of speech have been so highly
1 cultivated there that his sentences arc tawdry and
1 offensive to the delicate, fastidious oars of the dis-
I tinguished gentleman who represents one district,
| at least, I do not know but more, of the glorious
old Commonwealth.
But I have another purpose in referring to this
now; one member of this committee said yester-
day that ho had not heard yet who Sacchi was;
and ill pitiful imitation of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, he broke down in the attempt to
plagiarize a laugh by repeating over again the
words I had quoted from Sprague, that he " fought
for freedom in fiecdom's holy land." I do not
know Sacchi; 1 never saw him; but I know his
story as it was told me by General Fremont, and
I will repeat it as well as I can remember it. He
i said that when clouds of revolution had gatheied
| here, and the first muttering of the storm began
< to be heard in Europe, there came to him in Pans
i a young man bringing letters of introduction and
! testimonials from the highest military and social
i sources in Fiance and Italy. He had been the
; companion in arms of Garibaldi, and had served
: with honorable d istmction in the Italian campaign,
, which had then recently closed. He said to Gcn-
, eral Fremont, " I see by the public journals^ that
' there is to be a struggle of arms on the continent
' of America, and if so, I wish to cast in my lot
. with those who strike for constitutional liberty
' and the maintenance of the American Republic.
General Fremont told lnm that, as an American
citizen,he thanked him for his sympathy, but had
no authority to offer him position, nor even to
sav that his services would be accepted. Atiera
brief interview they parted, and General h remont
: soon returned home, and m, perhaps, the dark-
est and most portentous hour nt American his-
tory was assigned to the department of tnc W est.
: O.R' morning a stranger was announced, and the
; general was surprised to recognize the young soi-
i (Jh-v with whom lie had convetsei! in Paris, rrat
there he was; he saki, " Lam still bent upon my
purpose; I have followed you across the ocean,
and all I ask is to fight under the starry banner of
your great Republic." General Fremont attached
him to his staff, and he remained while his chief
remained; and I understand that to this hoar lie
has never asked or leceived a farthing from the
Government he has served. ,
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man  
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir; I de-
cline to yield.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
New York will 
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING. Idecline to yield.
I decline absolutely. I repeat again every state-
ment I made the other day—1 repeat again, for so
the letters presented to General Fremont attested,
that this slandered stranger was decorated for con-
spicuous bravery upon the burning battle-fields of
Italy. I repeat again that he followed the star of
liberty across the sea, not for pay, but because
he believed—who laughs at Sacchi now?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE obtained the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the permission of my
friend, I desire simply to say, before ho proceeds,
that having yielded very freely to allow the gen-
tleman from New York to consume an hour in
debate, I did not expect the discourtesy which he
has shown me. I will try, however, to boar it
in mind. The question I desired to ask the gen-
tleman was, whether this was the same Sacchi
who had this horse contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE. After the most extraor-
dinary speech of the member from New York in
his attack upon the committee constituted by this
House, and appointed by yourself, Mr. Speaker,
it is but natural that you and the House should
expect of me, as chairman of the committee, a
leply. And sir, I need not ask the patient atten-
tion of the members of this House, because I
know their natural instincts of justice will impel
them to give mo that patient hearing, while I
repel the gross and scandalous imputations upon
one of the organs of the House, through which
the stupendous frauds upon the Treasury have
been discovered, and their perpetrators held up to
the indignation of an outraged public.
Sir, on the 8th of July, 1861, this House, by
a unanimous vote, constituted a committee to ex-
amine into Government contracts growing out of
the rebellion; and you know, Mr. .Speaker, with
what reluctance I consented to serve upon that
committee. Blind, indeed, any man must have
been who could not have foreseen that rugged
must be the path of him who endeavored to dis-
charge with fidelity the trust committed to him by
the House in connection with that committee. I
could but take into consideration the fact that this
committee would have to stand between the con-
tractors and the untold and countless millions in
the Treasury which would be expended in this
war, and would have to meet the opposition of
all their affiliations and influences in this House
and out of it. I knew what I was to undertake.
My colleagues knew what they were to undertake
also. We appreciated, I hope, the great anddel-
icate and responsible trust confided to us. But
charged with that trust, and with no other feeling
but to discharge it honestly and faithfully, wo
entered upon our duties.
Sir, whatever might have been the attacks else-
whei e, it was not expected by us that tne tribunal
which constituted us would be so fierce to assail
us. The member from New York [Mr. Roscoe
Cowkling] tells us what was known before—that
he voted against the second resolutions, giving us
powers to make our examinations effective. Sir,
there was nodoubtof it; the recoid shows it; and
it does not require much foresight to know the
reason why the member fiom New York voted
against it. We went on in the discharge of out
duties; and, let me say for myself, that since the
23d day of August last, with the exception of ten
days when prostrated by an affliction, which my
friend before me [Mr. Sedgwick] can at leastap-
preciate, I have devoted some poition of every
day, and I might almost say every night, to the
discharge of those duties. 1 have traveled some
twelve thousand miles, passed more than thirty
nights m traveling in railroad cars, and have, at
times, labored seventeen hours a day, day by day,
in the endeavor to discharge faithfully the duties
