1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2825
may see something of theextentof the obligations
and something of the consequences of the legisla-
tion involved in it. If the House shall decide to
the contrary, I shall feel that 1 have discharged
my duty in reference to the matter, and I shall
find myself in the situation where 1 have often
been found, in the minority upon this question.
Mr. SEDGWICK obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York I would inquire if the
House adjourn now, whether this bill will be con-
sidered unfinished business?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(S. No. 88) to cncourage enlistments in the regu-
lar Army and volunteer forces; when the Sneaker
signed the same.
EMANCIPATION BILL.
Mr. PORTER. An error was made yesterday
in engrossing House bill No. 472. It has been seat
to the Senate, and I move that the Clerk be directed
to request the return of the same to the House in
order to correct the error.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON, (at
forty minutes pastfouro'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 20, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
Thejournalof yesterday was read and approved.
HOUS1S BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 83) relative to a certain grant of
land for railroad purposes made to the State of
Michigan in 1856, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee oil Public Lands.
NAVY DEPARTMENT ORGANIZATION.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Secretary be
directed to request the House of Representatives
to return to the Senate the bill (S. No. 171) to
reorganize the Navy Department of the United
States. There was some misapprehension in re-
gard to the action of the Senate on the amendments
of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. If it be necessary, I desire, as
I believe this is the last day on which the motion
can be made, to move to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate concurred in the various amend-
ments of the House of Representatives, so that it
shall stand before us in the condition it was in
when the bill came back from the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
may be made when the bill shall have been re-
turned to the Senate; but by common consent the
motion will be considered as made, and will be
entered when the bill shall have been returned.
PETITIONS.
Mr. KING presented two petitions from mer-
chants and traders of the city of New York, pray-
ing for the passage of a general bankrupt law;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of citizens
of Biddeford, Maine, praying for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law, the confiscation of the property
of rebels, and that their slaves may be declared
free; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maine, praying for the passage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPORT EROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICE, irom the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 521) for the relief of William B.
Dodd and others, reported it withoutainendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Oriera!. Tli.it (he incmoiial of IM'iishnlJ O. KohoiN and
otlieis.triMeos of A. G. Sloo, and the accompanyingpapers,
on tiie' files of the Senate, be lclened to the Committee on
the Post Office ami Post ltoady.
CONSOLS ON THE BLACK SEA.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, end agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of providin for the appointment of consuls
at Nicolaieff and Kheison, the ports on the Black Sea
recently opened to foreign commeiee by the Einpcror of
Russia.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 360) to grant the proceeds of the sales
of certain public lands to aid in the construction
of a northern Pacific railroad; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
B. Y. SIIELLEY.
Mr. STARK. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 274.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say to the Senator
from Oregon that yesterday, during the morning
hour, the Senate had under consideration House
bill No. 425, which, on my suggestion, was laid
aside informally, that some amendments might be
made to it. These amendments have been agreed
upon, and I ask the Senator now to let that bill bo
taken up and disposed of.
Mr. STARK. I will say to the Senator from
New Hampshire that the bill to which I have re-
ferred will not provoke any discussion; it is one
that will pass, I think, without any debate what-
ever.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley for his claim
and improvements taken from him by the Omaha
reservation in the Territory of Nebraska.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate to Benneville Y. Shelley
§1,315, in full for his claim and improvements
thereon, which were taken from him by the United
States for the Omaha reservation, in Nebraska
Territory, in 1855.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case? If
so, I ask that it be read.
Mr. STARK. There was a report made in the
House of Representatives.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Lansing, from the Committee on Indian Affairs
of the House of Representatives, by which itap-
pears that the memorialist made a settlement and
commenced valuable improvements on his pre-
emption claim, on the west bank of the Missouri
river, in Nebraska Territory, on the 17th of Oc-
tober, 1854. A treaty having been concluded with
the Omaha Indians on the 17th of April, 1854, by
which oil that portion of the Territory belonging
to them lying south of Ayoway river was coded
to the United States, Congress by the passage-of
the Kansas and Nebraska act on the 30th of May,
1854,and by the appointment of the territorial offi-
cers and their subsequent action under that act,
pat in operation a legal and actual government in
the Territory of Nebraska, and upon the very land
ccded by the Indians. The change in the Omaha
Indian reservation which involved the possessions
of the memorialist was made pursuant to instruc-
tions from the Indian Bureau, dated March 21,
1855, as appears upon reference to the communi-
cation from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to Hadley D. Johnson, dated June 21, 1855. By
an act passed by Congress, approved July 22,
1854, entitled "An act to establish the office of
surveyor general for New Mexico and Kansas
and Nebraska," it is provided that both the sur-
veyed and unsurveyed lands of Nebraska shall
be subject to the law of Congress of 1841, grant-
ing preemption lights to actual settlers. Hence it
appears that Dr. Shelley, the memorialist, had a
ri^ht, according to law, to make his claim at the
time and place that he did make it. It is true that
in the first article of the treaty before referred to,
with the Omaha Indians, there is a provision in
these words:
"Florida!, ho il'cvct. Tlrat if the eountiy noi til of said due
west line, winch is received by the Omaiias tor their tutme
home, sh'mld out, on .■xplo'.mon, prove to be asatisfactory
and suitable location Mi '?:'■! Indians, the 1 resident inav.
with the consent oi the -aid J ndians, set apartand assign to
them within oi outride ot the ceded country a residence
suitable tor and acceptable to them.,'
Ajid from this the Indian.department has argued
that the memorialist had no right to make his set.
tlement; but this argument, if good, would prove
too much, and would show equally that e'very
settlement in that Territory was illegal, notwith-
standing the acts of the General Government be-
fore referred to. In short, the committee could
see no difference between the claim as made by
Dr. Shelley and claims made upon the same land
by hundreds of others about that time at Omaha
City and other points, the legality of which was
recognized by the Land Office of the General Gov-
ernment in confirming and perfecting their titles.
The proof is clear that Dr. Shelley never was
regularly notified that the Omahas had selected
that portion of country (which included his claim)
in lieu of that set apart by the treaty as their res-
ervation. The proof is also clear that the claim-
ant had a very valuable claim; that it was worth
and could have been sold at from five to ten thou-
sand dollars during his occupancy, and that it
would have realized for him forty to fifty thou-
sand dollars had he been permitted to carry out his
plans; that he had expended from fifteen hundred
to two thousand dollars in improving it; that the
Legislature of the Territory had established the
county of Blackbird and located the seat of justice
of that county at Blackbird City, and upon hia
claim; that this town was located atapointon the
Missouri river that bid fair to he one of the lead-
ing towns in the Territory, and that the memo-
rialist had established a ferry across the Missouri
river at that point. It is further shown by the
evidence that the memorialist was, on account of
having to surrender his claim when he had such
flattering prospects, and had expended all he was
worth in improving it, and suffeied all the piiva-
tions and hardships of an extiemc frontier, en-
tirely prostrated, both in body and mind, and for
three years did not recover sufficiently to follow
any business.
While the committee think it doubtful whether
the Government is legally bound for all the con-
sequent damages to the memorialist in thus de-
priving him of his property, they thought there
could be no doubt that he is legally and equitably
entitled to a reimbursement of the money he ex-
pended.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 425,
which was laid aside informally yesterday during
the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
425) to incorporate the Guardian Society to Re-
form Juvenile Offenders in the District of Colum-
bia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill had
been read a third time, but an amendment was
suggested by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster;] and the Chair stated that it would be
treated as before the Senate, and the question
would be on that amendment. That is now the
pending question. The amendment will beread.
The Secretary read the amendment, in section
two, lino live, after the word " life," to strike out
the words " or of being vicious persons, whose
parents or guardians are unable or unwilling to
exercise proper care and discipline, or who may
be destitute of suitable homes and adequate means
of obtaining an honest living, and m danger of
leading an idle and immoral life."
Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment will be
made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the bill,
m line four of section two, after the word "crime,"
to insert the words " offense or misdemeanor;"
so that it will read:
That they may, at their discietion, lcceivc into a house
of industry provided by said society any iihmiis under the
age of eighteen years who shall be convicted ot any other
crone, ollen^e, or niisdenie<inoi,othci than such as arc cap-
ital or punishable by imprisonment lot hie.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the bill,
inline ten of the same section, by striking out the
letter " s" in the word "courts," and striking out
the words "in which," and inserting the words
