844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
eminent reduced just as much as any man here or
any man in the country; but it seems to me that
it would not be prudent in us to vote on this now,
until we get some further intelligence as to what
is going to be the condition of rebel operations
against us, and therefore I would prefer, I think
it would be the dictate of prudence, to pass over
this bill at present, and take it up after we have
got some further intelligence from the West.
Mr.FESSENDEN. It will have to go through
the House of Representatives, and-that will take
some time.
Mr. GRIMES. But I want to govern my own
vote by the proper information. 1 move that the
bill be laid upon the tabic. If that be done we can
call it up at any time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator withdraw his motion to enable me to say
a word ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. For the last
four or live weeks the Committee on Military
Affairs have been working in every possible way
to reach some result that would reduce the enor-
mous expenditures for cavalry. The expense is
frightful; and we ought to have done this a month
ago; but we could not devise a plan for the pur-
pose. We have called for information, and we
have received all we could obtain. I say to the
Senate to-day that it is important that the bill
should pass, and pass atonce. We should reducc
these seventy-seven regiments, many of them now
lying around in the country of no use, but of great
expense, to a reasonable number. If fifty is not
a reasonable number, fix on some other number;
but for Heaven's sake, let us reduce this expend-
iture that ia eating up and devouring the Treasuiy
of the United States. I hope the Senator from
Maine will not press his amendment to reduce the
number to thirty regiments. That is a very ex-
traordinary reduction, for we have completed and
brought into the field that number, i think we
have some thirteen 'or fourteen cavalry regiments
in the army of the Potomac; there arc several
regiments in Kentucky and in Missouri; and at
Leavenworth, I think, there are five or six regi-
ments, going down with the Hunter expedition.
I think we have mounted, and in the field now,
more than that number, probably thirty-lour or
thirty-five thousand.
Mr. HARRIS. We have not thirty-five thou-
sand cavalry mounted, in the Army.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
more than that number of regiments. 1 think
that foity regiments would be a more leasonablc
number than thirty. That would make the whole
numberof men forty-eight thousand. At any rate,
1 hope the vSennti* will make some reduction; and
that we shall turn the excess of cavalry soldiers
into infantiy, or else disband them, and nut con-
tinue the enormous expense of a body of men that
are lying around the country doing nothing, con-
tributing nothing, but devouring the substance of
the people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that in case the
result supposed by the Senator from Iowa should
happen, thirty regiments of cavalry would be all
that could possibly be used with advantage. If
the rebels should be broken up info small hands,
presenting no army, what should we want with
more than thirty-five thousand mounted men?
That number will be enough, in all conscience, if
that result conies, because then there will be no
considerable body of the enemy to meet,and these
regiments can be divided up into squads, accord-
ing to necessity, if that result should come, in
my judgment their can be no question that the
number I propose will be enough. I believe it ts
enough now. It is more than we have mounted
at the present time, and it is more than we can
mount, perhaps.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that we have more
than thirty regiments mounted now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not believe we have.
Mr. HARRIS. I concur very much in the view
taken by the Senator from Iowa. I think we can
judge much better about this matter thirty days
hence than now. There has been a great deal said
about the great expense of the cavalry force, m my
judgment, withoutany accurate knowledge on the
subject. My belief is, there is no such expense
as has been mentioned. It is said there arc sev-
enty-seven regiments. I know a little about it. Of
those seventy-seven regiments, we are charged
with eleven in the State of New York—one seventh
of the number. Now, I know the fact that but
three of those regiments are mounted, and several
of them are mere skeleton regiments. So far as I
understand it, there are not now more than fifty
thousand cavalry enlisted in the volunteers in all;
and of those my belief is that no more than twenty-
five thousand, certainly not more than thirty thou-
sand, are mounted. Where, then, is this extrav-
agant expense about which so much has been said
here? I hope the bill will be postponed for a few
days until we see what we really need.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I confess, for one, that I
concur with the remarks of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. It is time this matter should be acted
on. I do not profess to have knowledge of what
exists in other States, but I have constant com-
munication with my own State, and there arc in
the State of Wisconsin, mustered into the service
of the United States, three cavalry regiments, with
more than a thousand men, I believe, in each; they
are uniformed; they are in camp; they have got
a portion of their arms; they have got each a por-
tion of their horses; but they are lying thereat the
expense of the Government, dissatisfied them-
selves. Whether they are to be called into the field
at all is an uncertainty, and to some extent they
are becoming demoralized in this condition as regi-
ments of soldiers, because they are constantly un-
certain as to what will occur. It is of great import-
ance, it seems to me, that it should be determined
whether they are to take the field as cavalry, or
to join some other arm of the service, or to be dis-
banded.
I apprehend that if the amendment moved by
the Senator from Maine should prevail to reduce
the whole amount to thirty regiments, it will be
with great difficulty that the bill will pass this and
the other House, and the thing will be delayed;
but if the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts be now agreed to, to reduce what we have
to fifty regiments, that can be done, and in a few
days, if we shall think from what transpires that
not so many are needed, they can be mustered out
of service, a regiment at a time.
Mr. GRIMES. That can bo done now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 understand that the War
Department does not feel itself at liberty, does not
conceive that it has the power to muster them out
of service, without some act of Congress. I have
had communication with the Department in rela-
tion to the cavalry in my own State, anxious to
know whether the men were to take the field or
not, and I have been constantly informed that y
was depending upon some action of Congress. I
understand that the Military Committee have had
conference with the War Department, and with
the chief of the cavalry forces, and it is on the sug-
gestion of the chief of cavalry, looking over the
whole ground, that the committee advises that the
whole cavalry force be consolidated into fifty regi-
ments. I hope we may have action.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do not wish to be misunder-
stood. if this hill had come up the day before yes-
terday 1 should have voted for it, and 1 should have
voted for the amend men t of the Senator fio ni Maine
to reducc the number of cavalry down to thirty
regiments. 1 have no doubt it was the opinion of
the Secretaiy of War that this bill ought to pass;
but since we have met here to-day circumstances
have come to our knowledge as having transpired
within a day or two past which I think should sug-
gest to us that it is the dictate of prudence to wait
before we pass this bill, until we get some further
light from the chief of the War Department. Judg-
ing from the way in which I should conduct the
I war if I were the icbel commander I think it may
be important for us in a little while to disband in-
fantry rather than cavalry; but I do not know that
that will be so. I am anxious to reduce the ex-
penses of the Government and to disband some of
1 this cavalry, and if the proposition is pressed to
j a vote now 1 shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Maine to reduce it to the lowest
j amount; but sull I do not think it is prudent for
us to act upon the subject at this time.
Mr. KING. Congress, heretofore, has not at-
tempted to organize and distribute the forces
which have been raised for the present emergency
into dilfcrent corns of cavalry, aitdloiy, and in-
] fan try, but has left that to the War Department,
| and to the commanders in the field. This prop-
! osition, which is now before us in relation to the
1 cavalry, comes here because the Department does
not feel at liberty to muster out of service what is
understood to be an excess of cavalry beyond
what is required. Fifty regiments is the amount
of cavalry forces which they suggest as suitable
and proper to have now in the field; and I think
the sooner we act upon these matters and determ-
ine them, the better. I hope, certainly the pres-
ent indications are, that we may make more rapid
progress than we have heretofore looked for; but
the sooner our Army is organized and completed,
and prepared to move, the better. If this force is
to be reduced, the sooner the military authorities
are able to set about it, the better. If, when they
have reduced the force to fifty regiments, they
shall find that number more than they require at
any time, they may be mustered out and the
number reduced, and certainly we shall all be
glad if that can be done. But the sooner they set
about organizing what they now have in the field,
and disposing of the regiments that are at their
depots in the various States, it will be better; and
I suppose nothing will be done, certainly nothing
is likely to be done, until Congress acts, for the
matter has been referred to Congress, and this bill
is the consequence of consultation with the War
Department. My own opinion is that we had
better pass it at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I brought
the attention of the Senate very early in the ses-
sion to the enormous expense that was created by
the cavalry, and I believe I may say that the sug-
gestion I then made received general approbation
everywhere. I know that the Secretary of War
told me the next day that he was much obliged to
me for calling the attention of the Senate and the
country to it, and he hoped that Congress would
act on the subject immediately, and reduce this
enormous force, which was vastly in excess ofany
that could be needed. I do not know that the pres-
ent Secretary of War has had time to examine the
subject.
These propositions come to us from the officers
themselves, or from the general commanding, who
is probably very much influenced by the gentlemen
who command the cavalry forces. Now, we know
that the tendency of the officers themselves is con-
stantly to increase the force everywhere and make
it as large as possible. They are not accustomed
to consider the question of expense. They are
accustomed simply to consider what would be the
most magnificent force to operate with. That is
the simple truth of the matter; and, in my judg-
ment, in relation to these subjects, you cannot rely
upon what is told you by the commander of a
particular arm of the service; for every man is
disposed to magnify the importance of his own
command, just as every individual is disposed to
magnify his own position in the world. That is
the fact about it; and, therefore, we must judge for
ourselves in relation to it; and I believe, although
we are not military men, a little common sense
brought to bear on all these questions can, upon
the whole, produce about as good an effect in the
end as military science can in relation to numbers
of particular arms of the service, &c., especially
when we know what the opinions of very eminent
oflicei shave been. Therefore, sir, I have made this
motion to reduce the number; and I repeat, in an-
swer to my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] that,
if the state of things occurs which he supposes, the
number which I have mentioned must be all that
can possibly be used, with no army whatever to
oppose us; nothing but squads of men over the
country. However, that day has not yet come
1 wish it was nearer than I suppose it is. It looks
as if it was coming.
Now let me say a word in regard to the manner
in which these men who have been enlisted as cav-
alry arc used. They are scattered all over the coun-
try; not brought into service; not armed; and not
armed, because it is not in the power of the Depart-
ment to arm them. Why, sir, when I came here
at the beginning of this session, on the 1st of De-
cember, I left in my State a full cavalry regiment
of twelve hundred men, fully mounted, horses and
all; but they are not armed to this day, and they
cannot be; and there they arc at great expense to
the Government. It is as fine a regiment as ever
was or could be raised anywhere, both as to men
and horses. I am written to by gentlemen there
who tell me that the efleet of this state of things
upon that regiment is to demoralize it constantly:
that the men have got the impression they are not
to be used, but only to be kept together until the
