346-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 25,
3?th Cong....2d Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
claimants have been and continue to be loyal to
the Government of the United States: And pro-
vided further, That such certificates and floats shall
not exceed in gross seventeen thousand four hun-
dred and seventy-seven and sixty-two hundredths
acres.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect immediately.
Approved, March 17, 1862.
Chap. XLVII.—An Act to provide for the Ap-
pointment of Sutlers in the Volunteer Service,
• and to define their Duties.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatthe inspector generals of the Army
shall constitute a board of officers, whose duty it
shall be to prepare, immediately after the passage
of this act, a list or schedule of the following- ar-
ticles which may be sold by sutlers to the officers
and soldiers of the volunteer service, to wit: Ap-
ples, dried apples, oranges, figs, lemons, butter,
cheese, milk, sirup, molasses, raisins, candles,
crackers, wallets, brooms, comforters, boots,
pocket looking-glasses, pins, gloves, leather, tin
wash-basins, shirt buttons, horn and brass but-
tons, newspapers, books, tobacco, cigars, pipes,
matches, blacking, blacking brushes, clothes
brushes, tooth brushes, hair brushes, coarse and
fine combs, emery, crocus, pocket handkerchiefs,
stationery, armor oi!, sweet oil, rotten stone, razor
strops, razors, shaving soap, soap, suspenders,
scissors, shoe-strings, needles, thread, knives,
pencils, and Bristol brick. Said list or schedule
shall be subject, from time to time, to such revis-
ion and change as, in the judgment of the said
board, the good of the servicc may require: Pro-
vided always, That no intoxicating liquors shall
at any time be contained therein, or the sale of
such liquors be in any way authorized by said
board. A copy of said list or schedule, and of
any subsequent change therein, together with a
copy of this act, shall be, without delay, furnished
by said board to the commanding officer of each
brigade and of each regiment not attached to any
brigade in the volunteer service, and also to the
Adjutant General of the Army.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That imme-
diately upon the receipt from said board of said
list or schedule and a copy of this act by the com-
manding officer of any such brigade, the acting
brigadier general, surgeon, quartermaster, and
commissary of said brigade shall constitute a
board of officers, whose duty it shall be to affix to
eacli article in said listorscheduleaprice for said
brigade, which shall be by them forthwith re-
ported to the commanding officer of the division,
if any, to which said biigade is attached, for his
approval, with or without modification, and who
' shall, after such approval, report the same to the
inspector generals, and the same, if not disap-
proved by them, shall be the price not exceeding
which said articles may be sold to the officers and
soldiers in said brigade. Whenever any brigade
shall not be attached to a division said prices shall
then be reported directly to the inspector generals,
and if approved by them,shall be the price fixed
for such brigade as aforesaid; and whenever any
regiment shall be unattached to any brigade, the
acting colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, and cap-
tains (hereof shall constitute the board of officers
by whom the pricc of said articles shal^be fixed
for said regiment in the same manner as is herein
provided for an unattached brigade. The prices
so fixtfd may be changed by said boards respect-
ively from time to time, not oftener than once in
thirty days, but all changes therein shall be re-
ported in like maimer and for the same purpose as
when originally fixed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enaetcd, That it shall
be the duty of the commanding officer of each bri-
gade, immediately upon receipt of a copy of said
list or schedule and copy of this act, as herein
provided, to cause one sutler for each regiment in
his brigade to be selected by the commissioned
officers of such regiment, which selection shall be
by him reported to the Adjutant General of the
Army; the person so selected shall be sole sutler
ofsaid regiment. And the commanding officer of
each unattached regiment shall, in like manner,
cause a selection of a sutler to be made for said
regiment, who shall besolesutlerof said regiment.
Any vacancy in the office of sutler from any cause
shall be filled in the same way as an original ap-
pointment.
Sec. 4. And. be it farther enacted, Thatthe sut-
lers chosen in the manner provided in the pre-
ceding section shall be allowed a lien only upon
the pay of the officers, non-commissioned officers,
and privates of the regiment for which he has been
chosen, or those stationed at the post to which he
has been appointed, and for no greater sum than
one sixth of the monthly pay of each officer, non-
commissioned officer, or private, for articles sold
during'each month; and the amount of one six th or
less than one sixth of the^pay of such officer, non-
commissioned officer, or private,so sold to him by
the sutler, shall be charged on the pay-rolls of such
officer, non-commissioned officer, or private, and
deducted from his pay and paid over by the pay-
master to the sutler of the regiment or military post,
as the case may be: Provided, That if any paymas-
ter in the service of the United States shall allow or
pay any greater sum to any sutler than that hereby
authorized to be retained from the pay of the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates, for articles sold by any sutler during any
one month, then the amount so allowed or paid
by the paymaster shall be charged against the said
paymaster and deducted from his pay and returned
to the officer, non-commissioned officer, musician,
or private, against whom the amount was origin-
ally charged. And any captain or lieutenant
commanding a company who may certify any
pay-roll bearing a charge in favor of the sutler
against any officer, non-commissioned officer, mu-
sician or private, larger or greater than one sixth
of the monthly pay of such officer, non-commis-
sioned officer, musician, or private, shall be pun-
ished at the discretion of a court-martial: Provided,
however, That sutlers shall be allowed to sell only
the articles designated in the list or schedule pro-
vided in this act, and none others, and at prices
not exceeding those affixed to said articles, as
herein provided: And provided further, Thatthe
sutlers shall have no legal claim upon any officer,
non-commissioned officer, musician, or private, to
an amountexceeding one sixth of his pay for ar-
ticles sold during any month. He shall keep said
list or schedule, together with a copy of this act,
fairly written or printed, posted up in some con-
spicuous part of the place where he makes said
sales, and where the same can be easily read by
any person to whom he makes said sales.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the inspector generals to cause the
place of sale and articles kept for that purpose,
by said sutlers, to be inspected from time to time,
once in fifteen days at least, by some competent-
officer, specially detailed for that duty, and such
changes in said place, or ill the quality and char-
acter of the articles mentioned in saidlist or sched-
ule, so kept as shall be required by said officer,
shall be conformed to by each sutler. And such
officer shall report each inspection to the inspector
generals.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no per-
son shall be permitted to act as sutler unless ap-
pointed according to the provisions of this act;
nor shall any person be sutler for more than one
regiment; nor shall any sutler farm out or under-
let the business of sutlmg or the privileges granted
to him by his appointment; nor shall any officer
of the Army receive from any sutler any money
or other presents; nor be interested in any way
in the stock, trade, or business of any sutler; and
any officer receiving such presents, or being thus
interested, directly or indirectly, shall be punished
at the discretion of a court-martial. No sutler
shall sell to an enlisted man on credit to a sum
exceeding one fourth of his monthly pay within
the same month; nor shall the regimental quarter-
masters allow the use of Army wagons for sut-
lers' purposes; nor shall the quartermasters'con-
veyances be used for the transportation of sutlers'
supplies.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That any sutler
who shall violate any of the provisions of this act
shall, by the colonel, with consent of the council
of administration, lie dismissed from the service,
and be ineligible to a reappointment as sutler in
the service of the United States.
Approved, March 19, 1862.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act to provide for the Ap-
pointment of Clerks in the Office of the Assist-
ant Treasurer at Boston, to fix their Salaries,
and provide.for the absence of the Assistant
Treasurer, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted.by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, in lieu
of the clerks heretofore authorized and provided,
the Assistant Treasurer at Boston be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appoint, with the approba-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, one chief
clerk at a salary of fifteen hundred dollars per an-
num, and one disbursing clerk at a salary of fif-
teen hundred dollars per annum, and one other
clerk at a salary of twelve hundred dollars per
annum, and one messenger at a salary of seven
hundred dollars per annum; and the compensation
for such clerks for the current and next fiscal
year be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in case
of the sickness or unavoidable absence of the As-
sistant Treasurer, he may, in his discretion, au-
thorize the chief clerk to act in his place, and to
discharge all the duties required by law of the
Assistant Treasurer.
Approved, March 19, 1862.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act to secuj-e to the Officers
and Men actually employed in the Western De-
partment, or Department of Missouri, their Pay,
Bounty, and Pension.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to allow and
pay to the officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates who have been heretofore
actually employed in the military service of the
United States, whether mustered into actual ser-
vice or not, where their services were accepted
and actually employed by the generals who have
been in command of the department of the West,
or the department of the Missouri, the pay and
bounty as in cases of regular enlistment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates so employed, who may have been
wounded or incapacitated for service, shall be en-
titled to and receive the pension allowed for such
disability: Provided, That the length and charac-
ter of their enlistment and service be such as to
entitle them, under existing laws, to such pension.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthe heirs
of those killed in battle, or of those who may
have died from wounds received while so in ser-
vice, shall be entitled to receive the bounty and
pay to which they would have been entitled had
they been regularly mustered into service: Pro-
vided, That the bounty and pay referred to in this
act shall not be payable unless their term of en-
listment and service be of such duration as to
entitle them to receive the same, according to
existing laws.
Approved, March 25, 3862.
Chap. L.—An Act to facilitate Judicial Proceed-
ings in Adjudications upon Captured Property,
and for the better administration of the Law
of Prize.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever any property captured
as prize shall be brought into any district of the
United States for adjudication, it shall be the duty
of the prize commissioners for such district forth-
with to receive, seal, and safely keep the same,
until process shall be issued out of the court,
under which the same shall be placed in the cus-
tody of the marshal of such district. It shall be
the further duty of said prize commissioners, at
the time of taking such possession, and from time
tc time pending the adjudication, to examine into
the condition of said property, and report to the
court if the same, or any part thereof, be perish-
ing or perishable, or deteriorating in value; and
if the same be so found by the court, upon said
report or other evidence, the court may thereupon
