1862.]
APPENDIX T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34?
Laws of the United States.
37th Cons....2d Sjess.
order an interlocutory sale thereof by the United
States marshal, and the deposit of the gross pro*
ceeds of such sale in the registry of the court to
abide the further order of the court, whether a
claim to said property has or has not been inter-
posed. It shall be the further duty of the said
prize commissioners to receive from the prize
master all the papers and documents, and forth-
with to proceed to take the testimony of the wit-
nesses prescribed by law, pursuant to the rules
and under the interrogatories adopted by Che
court, and separately from each other and unat-
tended by counsel, and the said papers, docu-
ments, and testimony, securely to seal with their
seals, and as soon as practicable deposit in the
registry of the court; and thereafter, promptly
and without unnecessary delay, the court shall
proceed to hearing and adjudication.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all rea-
sonable and proper claims and charges for pilot-
age, towage, wharfage, storage, insurance, and
other expenses incident to the bringing in and safe
custody and saleof the property captured as prize,
shall be a charge upon the same, and having been
audited fend.allowed by the court, shall, in event
of a decree of condemnation or of restitution on
payment of costs, be paid out of the proceeds of
any sale of the property, final or interlocutory, in
the custody of the court. In case of a decree of
restitution upon payment of costs, where no sale
has tieen made, such charges and expenses shall
constitute part of said costs to be paid by the
claimant.
Sec. 3. .And he it further enacted, That the prize
commissioners, and also the district attorney, act-
ing for the United States, and the counsel for the
captors, shall be entitled to receive a justand suit-
able compensation for their several and respective
services in each prize case or proceeding; and the
same shall be adjusted and determined by the court
upon due consideration of the facts and circum-
stances of each case, and of the services actually
rendered therein; and the same, when so ad justed,
shall, in case of final condemnation or restitution
on payment of costs, be paid out of the proceeds
of the prize property in the custody of the court,
or when nosalchas been made, in wholeorinpart,
as the court may direct by the claimant.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That when-
soever a final decree of condemnation of property
captured as prize shall have been made, unless an
interlocutory sale has been made as hereinbefore
provided for, the property shall be Sold by the
United States marshal pursuant to the practice
and proceedings in admiralty, and the gross pro-
ceeds of such sale shall be forthwith deposited in
court; and thereupon the prize commissioners shall
proceed, under the direction of the court, to take
the requisite evidence, and report the same to the
court, to the end that a final decree shall be made
determining what public ships of the United States
are entitled to share in the prize, and whether the
prize was of superior, equal, or inferior force to
the vessel or vessels- making the capture, and
within thirty days after the entry of the same the
clerk of the court shall transmit to the Treasury
of the United States the moneys so deposited in
court, together with a certified copy of the said
decree, after deducting from said moneys the costs
of court, and the charges and expenses hereinbe-
fore provided for.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this act shall apply as well to cases now
pending as to all future cases of maritime captures,
and to captures and seizures made under the laws
for the abolition of the slave trade; and all laws
and parts of laws inconsistent herewith are hereby
repealed.
Approved, March 25, 1862.
Chap. LI.—An Act in addition to an Act to re-
fund and remit the Duties on Arms imported
by States, approved July ten, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That blie authority given to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund and remit the du-
ties and imposts on all arms imported into the
United States by or for the account of any State
as provided in the act to which this is an addition,
shall extend to arms for which orders or contracts
were made prior to the first day of January, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two: Provided, That said
Secretary shall have satisfactory proofs exhibited
to him that the said arms were actually purchased
in a foreign country for account of a State, and
^hat the price paid for the same by the State was
only the first cost, and the usual and customary
charges attending the purchase and importation
of the same, exclusive of duty.
Approved, April 2, 1862.
Chap. LII.—An Act to provide for the equitable
settlement of the Accounts of the Officers and
Crews of the Frigate Congress and other ves-
sels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they hereby are, authorized
and directed to settle, upon the principles of jus-
tice and equity, the accounts of the officers, sailors,
marines, and crews of the United States frigate
Congress, the sloop Cumberland, and ofany other
vessel or vessels-of-war, the books of which were
lost or destroyed in consequence of the naval en-
gagements at Hampton Roads on the eighth and
ninth of March, anno Domini one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-two.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to furnish to the sailors, marines, and crews
of any of the vessels engaged in the naval actions
in the foregoing section mentioned, whose bed-
duig, clothing, or other property was lost or de-
stroyed therein, with an amount sufficient to cover
their losses, and not exceeding sixty dollars to
each man, to be paid in kind or in money, at the
discretion of the flag officer of the North Atlantic
squadron.
Approved, April 2, 1862.
Chap. LIII*.—An Act to prohibit the Allowance
or Payment of Pensions to the Children of Offi-
cers and Soldiers of the War of the Revolution.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act no claim for a pension, or for an increase of
pension, shall be allowed in favor of the children
or other descendants of any person who served in
the war of the Revolution, or of the widow of such
person, when such perscfti or his widow died with-
out having established a claim to a pension.
Approved, April 2, 1862.
Chap. LIV.—An Act'for the Release of certain
Persons held to Service or Labor in the District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all persons held to service or labor
within the District of Columbia by reason of Af-
rican descent are hereby discharged and freed of
and from all claim to such service or labor; and
from and after the passage of this act neither sla-
very nor involuntary servitude, except for crime,
whereof the party shall be duly convicted, shall
hereafter exist in said District.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons loyal to the United States, holding claims to
service or labor against persons discharged there-
from by this act, may, within ninety days from
the passage thereof, but not thereafter, present to
the commissioners hereinafter mentioned their re-
spective statements or petitions in writing, verified
by oath or affirmation, setting forth the names,
ages, and personal description of such persons,
the manner in which said petitioners acquired
such claim, and any facts touching the value there-
of, and declaring his allegiance to the Government
of the United States, and that he has not borne
arms against the United States during the present
rebellion, nor in any way given aid or comfort
thereto: Provided, That the oath of the party to
the petition shall not be evidence of .the facts
therein stated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint three commis-
sioners, residents of the District of Columbia, any
two of whom shall have power to act, who shall re-
ceive the petitions above mentioned, and who shall
investigate and determine the validity and value of
the claims therein presented, as aforesaid, and ap-
praise and apportion, under the proviso hereto an-
nexed, the value in money of the several claims by
them found to be valid.- Provided, however, That
the entire sum so appraised and apportioned shall
not exceed in the aggregate an amount equal to
three hundred dollars for each person shown to
have been so held by lawful claim: And provided
further, That no claim shall be allowed for any
slave or slaves brought into said District after the
passage of this act, nor for any slave claimed by
any person who has borne arms against the Gov-
ernment of the United States in the present rebel-
lion, or in.any way given aid or comfort thereto,
or which originates in or by virtue of any trans-
fer heretofore made, or which' shall hereafter be
made by any person who has in any manner aided
or sustained the rebellion against the Government
of the United States.
Sec . 4. And be it further enacted, That said com-
missioners shall, within nine months from the
passage of this act, make a full and final report of
their proceedings, findings, and appraisement, and
shall deliver the same to the Secretary of the
Treasury, which report shall be deemed and taken,
to be conclusive in all respects, except as herein-
after provided; and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall, with like exception, cause the amounts so
apportioned to said claims to.be paid from the
Treasury of the United States to the parties found
by said report to be entitled thereto as aforesaid,
and the same shall be received in full and com-
plete compensation: Provided, That in cases where
petitions may be filed presenting conflicting claims,
or setting up lien's, said commissioners shall so
specify in said report, and payment shall not bo
made according to the award of said commission-
ers until a period ofsixty days shall have elapsed,
during which time any petitioner claiming an in-
terest in the particular amount may file a bill in
equity in the Circuit Court of the District of Co-
lumbia, making all other claimants defendants
thereto, setting forth the proceedings in such case
before said commissioners and their action therein,
and praying that the party to whom payment lms
been awarded may be enjoined from receiving the
same; and if said court shall grant such provis-
ional order, a copy thereof may, on motion of said
complainant, be served upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall thereupon cause the said
amount of money to be paid into said court, sub-
ject to its orders and final decree, which payment
shall be in full and complete compensation, as in
other cases.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said com-
missioners shall hold their sessions in the city of
Washington, at such place and times as the Pres-
ident of the United States may direct, of which
they shall give due and public notice. They shall
have power to subpena and compel the attend-
ance of witnesses, and to receive testimony and en-
force its production, as in civil cases before courts
of justice, without the exclusion of any witness
on'account of color; and they may summon before
them the persons making <jlaim to service or labor,
and examine them under oath; and they may also,
for purposes of identification and appraisement,
call before them the persons soclaimed. Said^om-
missioners shall appoint a clerk, who shall keep
files and [a] complete record of all proceedings be-
fore them, who shall have power to administer
oaths and affirmations in said proceedings, and
who shall issue all lawful process by them ordered.
The Marshal of the District of Columbia shall
personally,or by deputy,attend upon the sessions
of said commissioners, and shall execute the pro-
cess issued by said clerk.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said com-
missioners shall receive in compensation for their
services the sum of two thousand dollars each, to
be paid upon the filing of their report; that said
clerk shall receive for his services the sum of two
hundred dollars per month; that said ma:shal
shall receive such fees as arc allowed by law for
similar services performed by him in the Circuit
Court of the District of Columbia; that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall cause all other reason-
able expenses of said commission to be audited
andallowed.and that said compensation,fees,and
