1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
for ten years, a district by majorities unparal-
leled in the history of congressional elections, I
should deem myself unfaithful to that noble con-
stituency if I did not stand up with all my ability
to protcct and defend their interests. My friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, a great
and shining light in our Republican party, re-
ports a tax bill one day so large that it woulti take
a wheelbarrow to get it into the House, and on
the next day, almost, you find him assailing a
committee because it has stepped in to prevent
the unjustifiable depletion of the Treasury by
fraudulent contracts. The country, sir, must look
with no little interest to the vote of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means "when the proposition
comes up censuring this committee for its labors
to save the Treasury, for the country may look
upon the discharge of this committee as nothing
more nor less than the indorsement of what has
been exposed.
My colleague [Mr. Lovejoy] also deemed it
proper to assail this committee in the absence of
all its membeis one week ago yesterday. That,
too, was an unkind cut; and when I read it as
coming from him, I involuntarily exclaimed," ct
in, Brute /" My friend will pardon me for being
a very little classical*, be is much more so, and,
as the House knows, is much more fresh in the
reading of the classics than I am. He spoke of
our committee—the " Van Wyck committee55—
because if we have not had, as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sedgwick] alleges, the valued
services of our late respected chairman, we have
had, at any late, the benefit of his name. He
spoke of it as a " peripatetic inquisitorial commit-
tee," and said it was exceedingly inopportune to
bring up these charges and huntdown these men
while they were in the field in the face of the en-
emy. My colleague seems to have considered
that it was all very wrong to bring up this subject
touching a general when he was absent—although
the committee brought up nothing—but it was all
very right to fall upon the committee in its ab-
sence, and apply to it offensive epithets. I know
my colleague felt no peisonal unkindness to me,
for I believe I have long enjoyed his friendship,
and I would fain hope his esteem; but I wanthim
to specify what there is in the action of the com-
mittee which led him into his denunciation. He
does not, I trust, desire to cover up and aid and
abetfraud. He will not find fault, I hope, because
we have been the means of saving the Government
vast sums and lessening the taxation of his con-
stituents. I tell my colleague I am willing to go
before the people of our State on this report and
on these questions of fraud. If my colleague
wishes to assail the committee for its labors be-
fore his constituents and before mine, I am ready
and willing to meet him in his district or the dis-
trict I represent.
Sir, when I speak of that district I speak with
no ordinary emotion, and when I think of the six
thousand soldiers, my constituents, who have
rushed to arms in this peril of the country, of so
many who have been killed and whose bones now
mingle with the soil of every battle-field m the
country; when I think that among those men who
have thus laid down their lives there were so many
near and dear friends; when I think of the suffer-
ings of the wounded, yet with courage unsub-
dued, and the tears and anguish of bereaved rela-
tives, and of the mourning which shrouds every
neighborhood throughout the length and breadth
of my district, who will wonder at my speaking
with an emotion almost too strong for utterance?
And that noble people are willing to suffer and to
pour out their treasure as they have poured out
their blood in the defense of their llag, so honored
and loved and revered as it is by them. They
will pay every legitimate tax, not only without a
murmur but with cheei fulness. But when on the
line of argument of the member from Now York,
[Mr. Roscoii Oonklixo j] they are called upon to
contribute to gorge the pockets of plunderers and
jobbers, they would be justified m calling me an
unworthy and faithless Representative, did I not
interpose all my feeble influence for their protec-
tion. I shall stand by my constituency) and " if
ever 1 forsake or forget them may my right arm
lail from its shoulder-blade and my tongue cleave
to the roof of my mouth."
Mr. Speaker, I Jul noiexpect to make a speech
of any length this morning. There was one sub-
ject which I was or should be prepared to speak
on, and at length; that is in relation to matters
connected with General Fremont's administration
of the western department. The House will bear
witness that this committee has not brought Gen-
eral Fremont into these debates. While speech
after spcech has been made by friends of the gen-
eral, while my enthusiastic young friend from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] has over and over again
electrified the country by his eloquent defenses
of the "Pathfinder," the committee have said
nothing, though resting under every provocation.
As matters remain, we intended to say nothing.
When that report ¥was made, General Fremont
was not at the head of an army. He is there now.
We had not proposed to enter on the discussion
of these matters, for the reason that he was there.
Some of my friends aie very sensitive when any-
thing is said in relation to General Fremont; but
when anything is said in relation to another gen-
eral, not very far off, I find out they are not quite
so sensitive.
Sir, I propose to leave our generals in the field
where they are. When they are out of the field
I will be willing to try all matters in issue with
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.] I am
willing to go to the country on that report, so far
as regards matters in the western department. I
will be ready and willing then to defend the action
of the committee against all comers, and when that
time comes I will say to every antagonist.
"Lay on, Macduff;
Ami damned be lie that flist cries,i hold, enough.'"
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from Illinois
is going to have a debate with me in Indiana, he
must leave out the " damned."
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not know, Mr.
Speaker, that that would be any objection to an
Indiana man. Now, I wish to call attention to
one other matter. The House will bear witness
that in the elaborate speech of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] yesterday, he
summed up the report of more than eleven hun-
dred pages, covering the transactions of the com-
mittee for nearly nine months. And what were
the charges which he brought against the com-
mittee5 The first was in relation to the manu-
script of Alexander Cummings. That matter has
been sufficiently exploded over and over again.
There is not a man in the House, whatever may
be his prejudice against the committee, who is not
entirely and thoroughly satisfied in regard to it.
Anothercharge was m regard to Sacchi. We have
had him appearing to us again to-day. The " star
of Bethlehem" has again appeared in the firma-
ment, and poetry lias been quoted, and a great
deal of sarcasm launched at my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I am glad to see he has
survivedthe shafts of the memberfrom New York.
I congratulate him, because those shafts were en-
venomed, and had been prepared for some time;
but they fell harmless at his feet.
Now, sir, in regard to this matter of Sacchi, I
intend to bring the House, whether they are will-
ing or not, to the consideration of this case, upon
which so much capital has been attempted to be
made. What do gentlemen mean when they at-
tempt to impugn our action in regard to the con-
tract of Sacchi? Do they find fault with us for
exposing this attempted fraud in purchasing one
thousand horses in Canada * Let the member
from New Yoik get up and say that; let the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax;] let the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and
all these men, if they find fault with the commit-
tee for exposing these fraudulent contracts, make
the charge boldly, and not go beating about the
bush,and dealingm innucndoes,aud talking about
the eternal Sacchi.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allbw me to ask him to inform the House
of one fact. The question ha5? been asked, but not
satisfactorily answered, and I now repeat it, was
this Sacchi the horse eontiactor? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that he will have to go to the
member from New York, his attorney, now on the
gentleman's left.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. His New York attorney
was asked the question, and has not answeiedit.
That is the reason why I ask the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What was the action
of the committee in relation to this Sacchi con-
tract? The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Col-
fax] knows what that action was, because he has
read this testimony. He Jjas never made any
charge against the committee in this connection,
because he has read the testimony, and knows
what the conduct of the committee was. I give
him credit for it. The history of the contract was
thus: Captain Turnley, the quartermaster at St.
Louis, says that one Wood—Ike Wood, as he is
called, who has done the committee the honor to
publish a pamphlet against them, as a great many
other gentlemen have done; this Ike Wood is the
man who appears in the testimony, and I am not
going through the whole of it; but Captain Turn-
ley states that Ike Wood called upon him and told
him that General Fremont wanted him, Turnley,
to draw out a contract for a thousand horses. And
where were these horses to come from?
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman yield to
me ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir; Icannotyield
further.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman says I have
read the testimony, and that I know what this
contract was. Now,l desire to say a word in
relation to that contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman should not
bring my name into his speech in connection with
a transaction, unless he will permit me to prevent
myself from being placed in a false position in
reference to it.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. I will place the gentle-
man from Indianain no false position. I said that
the gentleman from Indiana understood this con-
tract, and, understanding all about it, he had not
assailed the committee in regard to it. I ask him
if he has assailed the committee upon it?
Air. COLFAX. I have not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I havenot misrep-
resented the gentleman, and I must respectfully
decline to yield.
I was going on to say that Wood appeared with
this Sacchi. Now, who is Sacchi? That is the
question. " Who struck Billy Patterson?" That
is another question. [Laughter.] Wood told
Captain Turnley to draw a contract for a thou-
sand horses. Where were they to come from?
Were they to come from Missouri? Were they
to come from the State of my friend from Indi-
ana, or from mine? Were they to come from
Wisconsin or Iowa5 Oh, no; that would notdo.
They wont—and 1 see my venerable friend from
Indiana [Mr. Law] laughs a little at the idea—
from St. Louis to Canada to buy the little Canuck
ponies at $130 apiece, which would have been
just about as useful forArmy purposes as so many
sheep. That is the Sacchi contract. ,
Captain Turnley, an old, experienced, and, I
may add, honest quartermaster, brought "red
tape" into the contract. That is a very objec-
tionable term now-a-days. Men who want to get
contracts, when they find an incorruptible public
officer like General Ripley and others, who act
according to law, who interpose obstacles in their
way, at once raise the cry of {t red tape!" " old
fogies !" The honest quartermaster atSt. Louis,
Colonel Crosman, must be removed because ho
is an " old fogy," and McKinstry must be placed
in the position, in order that " red tape" should
not bo interposed between the contractors and the
Treasuiy, and he did not interpose any such
obstacle.
But I am wandering a little from the Sacchi con-
tract. I said that Captain Turnley had put in
" red tape" to interfere with the execution of this
contract. He drew the contract in duplicate, ac-
cording to Army regulations, and he bound up the
contracting party in regard to the purchase and
delivery of the horses. I say, however, in justice
to General Fremont, that the committee never be-
lieved he had anything to do with this matter. On
the other hand, his conduct was just what would
have been expected of an honest man. Sacchi did
not comply with the conditions of his contract,
and wrote to St. Louis for an extension of time.
And this was, I believe, the first time General Fre-
mont had had his attention called to the contract.
He very promptly <-aid that Sacchi should not have
another day, and his contract was put to an end.
Yet thr\^o gentlemen in this House labor hour after
hour to comuiee this body that in this matter of
the Sacchi contract the committee have assailed
