1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 827-
tially, everything is required to be done by the
Navy Department now that we require by this
law. They are required to give an abstract, and
that is the only Department of the Government
that is required to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, let me ask, why is
it impossible to act under it for a few days, if
everything is now required to be done that this
law requires?
Mr. GRIMES. I can explain that. They are
required annually to make a report to Congress
of an abstract of each one of their contracts, the
name of the man with whom the contract is made,
and the amount that "is paid to that man, or the
amount of his bid; but this law requires the Sec-
retary of the Navy to set out specifically, verba-
tim, every contract and every proposition for a
contract, and if these contracts embrace specifica-
tions and plans, they have to be recorded with
them. That is the objection. \
Mr. COWAN. I will endeavor, as well as I
can, to state how the original bill came here, and
how it was passed. At the short session in July
there were several bills proposed to the Senate.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] pro-
posed a bill; the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
proposed a bill; and perhaps there were others.
They were all referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. That committee took the matter into
consideration, and they framed the bill which has
now become a law. It was brought into the Sen-
ate, and it was passed after discussion. It went
over to the House of Representatives, and it was
passed there, and sent back with a slight verbal
amendment. After it came back, and after the
Senate had concurred in the amendment made in
the House of Representatives, the vote on the ques-
tion of concurrencc was reconsidered on the rep-
resentation of the Quartermaster General that it
was impracticable, and that the Department could
not get along if it became a law. It was recon-
sidered, and it lay upon the table until this ses-
sion. A great many people, desirous to prevent
frauds in Government contracts, were solicitous
that it should be brought up and passed. They
thought the reasons given by the Quartermaster
General were not valid, that there was no force in
them, and that the working of the law would be
beneficial. The Judiciary Committee again took
the matter into consideration, and letters were di-
rected to the War Department and to the Navy
Department, and copies of the bill sent, and they
were requested, if there was anything in the bill
that was impracticable, or that they had any ob-
jections to, to state it, because if they did not state
it by a given day the bill would be taken up and
passed. No answer was received to those com-
munications.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
say that I am informed from the Navy Depart-
ment that that letter was not received.
Mr. HALE. I so stated.
Mr. COWAN. So I understand; but it seems to
me most extraordinary that it should have missed
its way between this and the other end of the av-
enue. I do not know how that could be, because
the clerk of the Judiciary Committee was directed
to send, and he informed the committee that he had
sent, letters to those Departments requesting this
information, along with copies of the bill; but at
any rate the bill had been here in the Seriate since
the short session, and it was taken up and con-
sidered; no objection was made to it; there was no
discussion upon it the last ume; it passed, was
taken to the President, and signed; and now it
seems that it is impracticable. 1 do notknow but
that it may be so. I am notmyselffamiharenough
with the mode of doing business in the Depart-
ments to determine that question. It may be that
it would be productive of a great deal of increased
labor to them. But, on the whole, 1 am inclined
to think the working of it will be beneficial. If
there arc contracts which any of the Departments
require to be kept secret, they should have been
excepted out of the operation of the bill, and if the
proper information had been given here, I have
nodoubtthey would have been. 11 was not desired,
of course, on the part of any of the friends of this
measure (and they seem to be very numerous, be-
cause nobody opposed the bill upon its passage in
either House; there was no attempt; to^ modify it,
to amend it in any way) to hamper the tree and fair
working of these Departments; but it was thought
that it was proper to have all contracts made by
Government agents putin writing, and that they
be verified in some way or other, that the agents
were not making profit out of these contracts to
themselves and their friends, that the contracts
were made fairly and put in writing.
Then there was another desideratum, Mr. Pres-
ident—one which your committee thoughtof con-
siderable importance; and that was, that there
should be a place set apart under this Government
where copies of these contracts could be found by
all the people everywhere, or all who were inter-
ested; not only copies of the contracts, but where
they had been made, upon biddingand letting; we
required thatthe offers should be filed, or copies of
them. It would, perhaps, be voluminous; but if
we want to prevent frauds, and if we want to pun-
ish and detect frauds, I think this is the only method
by which that great object can be achieved. It
cannot be expected to be done for nothing. It can-
not be expected that a great deal of labor will not
have to be expended upon this great effort; but the
question now is whether, on the whole, the at-
tempt at reform, and the attempt to checkmate
these frauds, is not worth the amount of money
that will be expended in keeping up this new of-
fice where these copies arc to be filed, and where
certified copies of them can be obtained at a cer-
tain cost by anybody who is interested in the work.
For my own part, I am opposed to the repeal of
this law. I yielded last summer, on the assertion
of the Quartermaster General that it was imprac-
ticable; but,as I understood from the present Sec-
retary of War, he considered it at that time; and
he thought wc were wrong in reconsidering the
vote upon its passage, and laying it upon the table.
He thought it would be beneficial. That, how-
ever, was shortly after he carue into office; and I
do not know what his opinion may be now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall pass this bill this morning. I am sure of
one thing: that the Government is not carrying
out this law, and cannot carry it out; and if it js
not repealed, if any attempt is made to execute it,
it will work very hard on some of the most faith-
ful officers of the Government. I have a letter
from the Assistant Secretary of War, covering a
letter from the Quartermaster General, and letters
from Captain Ilartz and Colonel McCallum. The
Quartermaster argues the question very much as
he did at the last session of Congress. It will be
remembered that a bill of the same kind was got
up at the last session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same bill,precisely.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am told
by the Senator that it is the same bill, precisely.
I did not know but it had been modified. General
Meigs sent in a letter here at the last session, and
on the strength of that letter the bill was defeated.
We brought the bill up here this year. I know
several Senators thought the reasoning of the
Quartermaster General correct; but we yielded to
allow the bill to be passed. 1 did not believe in
the bill then. I do not believe the hill is one that
can be carried out. I should like to have the let-
ters to which I have referred read for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
QrARITRM^STER GENKRAI/S OFFICE,^
Washington City, June 13, 1800.
SIR : I liavc the honor to submit a letter from Captain E.
L. Ilartz, assistant quaitermastei. upon the effect of the law
of Juno % l8G*-2. in relation to contacts. upon the business
of procunng supplies 'or the Armv>
This letter sets forth some of the difficulties which the
offices of the Quat termasters department find in attempt-
in^ to act under tins now law.
The \\ord  of tin- law, which appear to be intended to
restrict the discretion uf otiieers in making contracts, beru
the most ^tunsent contraction -uirge^ted in the letter ot
Captain Raitz. Such a rotiictivo law, it is pi^mned,
should be strict'y con-tuied. That tin: execution ot the law
is almost, if nm'enttiely impracticable, doe- not apparently
justify its hoing looselv const! ued. Tins law docs not re-
quire advertisement, when1 advertisement ha> not hereto-
fore been icquiied bv law. hut it lequues cdl contracts, of
whatever natute oi magnitude, to 1kmeduced to writing, and
signed bv both parties. It lequues affidavits, taken before
nui<:i--trates, to be attached to eveiy contract. Many pui-
cha?es and many contracts must be made during active
opeiations in the field, where no civil magistrates aie to be
10 How go through the forms while hunting loruge for a put- .
suinsi or lent-atum ortn\ ? Some officer- make y> many con ,
trarK th:M. m oidei toeanyontth'' law. if Will be necewrj j
toattacii magnates pnmanent'} Jo then- office? a- c.envs. ,
All qu uierma^ter^ will mod -n.^UwK* ^on-Uutb near ,
bids ku contused. winch i< f- piactu\illy impossible j
to procure in duplicate or qumtupli^ate. aie by ihis law t > (
be sen!, not to thcchu f of thebmeau who h chared with i
the administrative superintendence of the business, but to a
record office in the Interior Department, where a clerk is,
not to examine and control them, but to file and index all
the contracts and all the bids, thus depriving the responsible
heads of bureaus and Departments of„the opportunity for
examination and control over the award of contracts upon
those bids; War, Navy, State, and Interior Department bids
and contracts are all to be sent to the Interior Department.
The faithful and exact execution of the law is, in the
opinion of the Quartermaster General, Impracticable
The multiplication of affidavits which it require^viil not
tend to increase the respect for the obligation and sanctity
of oaths, already too weak amongour people. Does not the
facility with which the oath of allegiance nas been violated
during this rebellion warn the Government against unne-
cessaiy multiplication of oaths? Is any additional security
to the Treasury found by this increase of papers and forms ?
Will not the man who is corrupt enough to make a dishon-
est contract sign a formal affidavit that lie is not a thief, as
readily as a false certificate?
The practice under this law will fail into that which has
prevailed in some monarchical Governments, where great
contractor, commanding millions of capital, make general
contracts to furnish ail supplies for the Government under
periodical letting?. Farmers* genera! will take the place of
the Government officers and agents in purchasing and sup-
plying what is needed for the Army.
Sudden requisitions, impossible to foresee, are made upon
the Quartermaster's department. Some of these are large,
and yet require to be filled instantly, as when a division
crossed a river under threat of attack, and sent back an
order for several thousand axes to fell trees for defense be-
fore moving. To-day I got a lequisition for one thousand
eight bundled and eighty hoiscs to supply those killed or
broken down in McDowell's march, all wanted within eight
days. It is impossible and would be injudicious to keep in
store the vast supplies needed to meet at eveiy point such
unexpected demands, and for these leeouise is hud to pur-
chase or to oiders by telegraph, sometimes ^weeping off the
whole stock of the tiaders in all the towns within a hundred
miles.
The increase of penalties formakingdishonest contracts,
provision of speedy means of punishing fraud on the pait ot
the officers and of the contractor, ptovidcd the penalties are
not made so severe that no jury would cnfuice them, would
do good. But the laws in legard to contracts as they stood
before the 2d of June, aie quite sufficient, if enforced, to
regulate the business, and can be adrniin&teied pioinptly and
efficiently.
Sufficient but reasonable penalties for ftaud, with quick
and efficient process for enhueing them, are all that was
really needed, in the opinion of those who have had cxpe-
nence in the making and management of contracts for the
supply of the Army. A letter from Colonel McCallum, on
the same subject, is also refeired.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. C. MEIGS, Qtiaitermaster General.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Depot Quahtermasikr's Office,
Washington, D. 0., June, 1862.
Sir: At the suggestion of Colonel D. U. Rticker, depot
quartermaster in this city, and in order to establish, beyond
futtue question, a proper understanding ol the provisions
and lequiicments of General Order No 58, fiorn the War
Department, of June 4, 18G2, publishing "An act to pre-
vent and punish fiaud on the pail uf officersintiusted with
making contracts lor the Government," I have the honor
to submit for youi consideration the following point*, which
have been raised in construing the older reletred to :
Section first of the order requires that all contracts shall
be reduced to writing, &c.
The question involved now is, what constitutes a con-
tract, as contemplated by the oidei. Itisel.umed that any
baigam,or purchase, or any arrangement wherein one party
agrees to deliver goods or supplies, and anotliei party to give
a money or other equivalent thereior, i^ a contract in the
eye of the law. if that defines the team contract, as meant
m the order, it would follow, foi as srood reasons, that the
hiring of all laboreis, mechanics, teamster*, and civil em-
ployes of every descuptioji, would be a contract, for there
is* a mutual baigarn oi agreement between the employe and
employei, as m the other instance.
This construction, which has been made, if correct and
sustained, will render the operations of this office practi-
cally at an end tor the present, and for some tune to come-
Much of the business consists m the issuing of miscellane-
ous articles, the want of which can never be anticipated,
and which aie,consequently,not keptonband. Upon the
receipt of an order the article is purchased at once where
it can be gotten most speedily, and at the ino^t reasonable
rales, or at the ordmaiy mai ket pricc of the articles ?5ince
the 1st of January f have a record of fifteen hundred and
fortv-lour purchases made in open market, of articles ot
greater or less value, manv of a value so smali i hat the sta-
tionery and labor necessary to go through the form of con-
tract would far exceed it. _
Moieover, I am called upon to furnish many articles m
an emergency when every hour of time is most important
to opeiations; in such a ease there l*5 no time to lcceiyo
and consider proposals, draw up the neces?aiy papeis lor
signature to be attested, swoin to, &c.
\"aiu, the amount of time and clerical force necessary
fo'pTepare the wntmgincident to every such puichasc, or
agreement, or contract, (it the terms be synon} mous) would
be vciy e\ttaurdniaty,'and of a pecumaiy cost exceeding
the piactical good to be otFected.
The impracticability of the order uwW such a construc-
tion of the teim "contract" appears to me apparent, but as I
iiave no means ot knowing what steps ma\ ha\ e been taken
to obviate the diflicnlties'which such a tr.uhiig would in-
volve ns in, I have the honor re<*peeMu!ly to submit the
case for your opinion and instruction: fust, as to whether
it will be necessaiv to receive proposals, tirnw up written
eontiacts, make afinlavif, see., lor every puiehase made, ot
whaie\ ei value, be it ever so small; second* as to whether
wutten contra' n slnll be made with each and every em-
ploye in the service of the Quui tcrmaster* department.
