1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
end of the war or for some particular time, and by
and by, when the others may possibly be used up
or thinned off, to be called into the field. They
want to go into thefiekl. It is a line regiment, and
I hope will be one of the thirty retained; but still I
am not sufficiently attached to the mere question
of where a cavalry regiment is raised to say that
a regiment raised even in my own State should ex-
ist unless it is needed, because the Government
cannot afFoid to sustain it. I am told that the men
themselves are losing all interest in the thing, as
they are necessarily everywhere else under like
circumstances. They think they will notbe called
for. They cannot be disciplined under such cir-
cumstances; and itis nothingbutan expense with-
out any remuneration whatever for it to the Gov-
ernment or to the country. In my judgment, we
had better act promptly on this question; and as I
have fixed in my mind that thirty regiments are
all we can possibly need, I will try the Senate upon
that number first; and if they vote that down, then
I will try a larger number, and see how we can get
along with that.
Mr. FOSTER. I cannot but hope that the Sen-
ator from Maine will succeed in his effort to get
the number of these cavalry regiments reduced
from fifty to thirty. I disagree entirely with the
Senator from Wisconsin, who thinks it will be
mord difficult to pass the bill through the forms
of legislation in both Houses with the number re-
duced to thirty than fifty. I think it will be much
easier to pass it at thirty than fifty. I believe,
furthermore, that thirty regiments will be a more
efficient force than fifty. I think thirty are as
many as we can have well mounted and well armed
and fitted for service; and thirty regiments of such
men are more efficient, clearly, than fifty regi-
ments partially prepared, badly mounted, and
badly equipped. Why, sir, if we had fifty regi-
ments that were tolerably prepaied at the present
time, we could reclucc them to thirty with great
advantage by having a. more thorough examina-
tion of the men, ss it respects their physical con-
dition. Let there be a medical examination of
them, and any man that had any taint of disease
about him, although tolerably efficient, let him be
set aside; let there be a thorough examination of
the horses, and if they were not m a vigorous,
healthy condition, let them be set aside, and let the
fifty regiments be brought down to thirty, and
they would, in my opinion, be a vastly more dan-
gerous force to the enemy than fifty regiments,
such as we should have. A concentrated, power-
ful, well-formed body, either of infantry or cav-
alry, are much more efficient than an increased
number partially equipped and armed. The thirty
regiments will be a sufficiently large force. I quite
agree with the Senator from Maine, and that not
on my own opinion—because, like him, I can
make no claim to military knowledge—but after
conversation with military men in the country, on
whose opinions I think I can rely with great cer-
tainty; and I have heard military gentlemen of
the highest respectability give itas their opinion,
within a short time, that twenty thousand cavalry
was as large a force as we could employ with any
effect during the present war. We all know how
expensive this cavalry force is, one cavalry regi-
ment exceeding the expense of three infantry regi-
ments; and our expenses, enormous as they are,
when at the smallest figure, admonish us to have
no more of this force than is absolutely essential
and necessary, i shall certainly vote for the
smaller number, and if the honorable Senator from
Maine had named twenty regiments instead of
thirty, I should have voted for that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Maine is, I think, mistaken in one thing, in
supposing that this was the recommendation of
the War Department while under the administra-
tion of the late Secretary of War, Mr. Cameron.
I am confident that it has received the considera-
tion of the War Department since the new incum-
bent came in. I may state that, I believe, on my
own personal knowledge; because before this rec-
ommendation was made by General Stoneman,, I
mysrlf applied to the War Department, the pres-
ent Secretary, to have the matter determined as
to the Wisconsin regiments, whether they were
to be armed and put into the field, or not, and it
was referred to the military department, of which
General Stoneman is chief, and to the action of
Congress. Now, if there is any thing growing out
of the news which we have received of the captuio
of Fort Henry, Port Donelson, and Roanoke isl-
and that is to put a different phase on this matter,
it is desirable 
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will give way
a moment, there is a particular phase in which "I
think it will be necessary to have more cavalry.
The honorable Senator from Iowa on my left [Mr.
Grimes] has a dispatch saying that a gentleman
called Floyd—I suppose the late Secretary Floyd
of the War Department—has escaped with five
thousand men. We shall require cavalry to catch
him. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. You mean
" stole" away.
Mr. FOSTER. Stole away, as the Senator from
Massachusetts suggests.
Mr. GRIMES. As o part of the Senator's ar-
gument, I will send up the dispatch to be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will stop at any time in
the middle of a sentence to hear any dispatches.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Cairo, Illinois, FcWuaiy 17.
To Hon G. Welles, Secretary of the Navy:
The Carondelef has just airived from Fort Donelson,
and brings information of the capture of that fort by the
Jand forces yesterday morning, with fifteen thousand pris-
oners. Johnson and Bnekner are taken pii&oners. Loss
heavy oil both sides. Floyd escaped with five thousand
men during the night. I go up with the gunboats, and as
soon as possible will proceed up toUlaiksville. Eight mor-
tar boats are on their way, with which I hope to attack
that place. My foot is painful, but not dangerous. The
army has behaved gloriously. I <*hall be able to take but
two iron-clad gunboats with me, as the others are disabled.
The fiophies of war aic immense, and the particulars will
soon be given. A. II. FOOTE, Flag Officer.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What I was going to sug-
gest, and perhaps it will be received as satisfac-
tory, was, that the subject should be brought to
the attention of the present Secretary of War.
This bill can be laid over for three or four days,
and when it has been brought to his attention we
can have the recommendation as to the number
of regiments required, and then wc can put this
thing through. I want the opinion of the De-
partment whether these men are to go into the
field or not, and not keep them in this state of
uncertainty, and ourselves in uncertainty as to
the expense.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It will be
remembered that early m the session the Senator
from Maine called the attention of the Senate and
the War Department and the country to the large
number of cavalry regiments that had been au-
thorized to bo raised. Before that time I had had
several conversations with the Secretary of War
and the Adjutant General and with Army officers,
in regard to the number of these cavalry regiments
that had been so carelessly authorized to be raised
in the country. Since the Senator from Maine
called the attention of the Senate to that subject,
the Committee on Military Affairs have been con-
sulting with tliu War Oflice, with officers in the
field, and with all persons who could give inform-
ation, in regard to apian to reduce the number of
these cavalry forces. The late Secretary of War
approved entirely of the idea of reducing these
forces. The Senate called for information m re-
gard to their number and condition. I have the
report of General Stoneman in regard to the num-
ber of regiments, the number mounted, the num-
ber partially mounted and partially armed, and
their condition, as far as he could ascertain it.
Tin's plan for the organization of these cavalry re-
giments was made mainly and chiefly by General
Stoneman, whois at the head of the cavalry forces.
It was approved by the late Secretary of War as
far as it had been made when he went out of office;
and I have here the indorsement of General Mc-
Clellan of this plan as the best and most perfect
plan that could be made. This plan has been con-
sidered by the present Secretary of War. I have
had several conversations with him on the subject.
On Saturday last I called upon him, and asked him
if he was ready to make a report on this proposed
plan of General Stoneman and the recommenda-
tion of Genoral MeClellan, and lie said to me that
he had not lime t'> examine if carefully and prepare
such a report, but that he concurred m any plan
Genera! lVlcCiellan and the committee might agree
to as the proper plan for the organization of the
cavalry forces, and for their reduction. The com-
mittee have reported the plan and the number of
regiments, as prepared by General Stoneman and
indorsed by General MeClellan; and I considered
that we had for it the sanction of the late Secretary
of War, of the Adjutant General, and of the pres-
ent Secretary of War.
The Senator from Maine now moves to reduce
the number to thirty regiments. We have more
than thirty regiments armed at this time,,and I
think more than that number in active service in
the field. It is true they are not so large as is
proposed here. Instead of having twelve hun-
dred men, they probably do not average over
seven hundred and fifty or eight hundred. We
have here in the army of the Potomac one cav-
alry regiment, I think, completely armed and.
equipped, assigned to each division. I think one
or two of the divisions have two regiments. There
are fourteen or fifteen—I think fifteen—divisions
organized in the army of the l'otomac; and I think
we have some seventeen or eighteen cavalry regi-
ments that are organized and in the field. They
- have in Kentucky and Missouri more than they
| have here, and there is a reason why they should
have. Cavalry forces can be used in Missouri
and on the plains of the western country with
vastly more advantage than they can be used in
the poor, narrow roads and hilly and mountain-
ous country of Virginia.
Mr. FESSEINDEN. Why keep so many of
them here, then ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator asks why keep so many here. I take it the
plan of the army of the Potomac is very much
after the pattern of the best organized European
armies. Some of our commanders—General Me-
Clellan and others—have been abroad, and have
paid some attention to the organization of Euro-
pean armies; and the plan of this army, as I un-
derstand it, is something like this: we have organ-
ized our armies into divisions; I think we have
fifteen divisions now in the army of the Potomac;
each division commanded by a major general, or
by a brigadier general acting as a major general;
and each division consisting of three biigades,
each brigade of three regiments of infantry, mak-
ing twelve infantry regiments in a division, and
one regiment of cavalry, and three, and sometimes
four, batteries of artillery, or about twenty pieces.
That is supposed to be about the relative propor-
tion that ought to exist between infantry, cavalry,
ancf artillery. I believe that there have been as-
signed to two or three of these divisions more
than one regiment of cavalry, and I think one or
two of them have four batteries instead of three;
but one regiment of cavalry and three batteries to
each division is generally the number.
Now, sir, I think, if the Senator would consent
to put the number of regiments at forty, it would
be better than as his amendment now stands. I
should prefer that number to fifty. I think a re-
duction to thirty regiments, considering the num-
ber of regiments we now have armed, mounted,
and in the field, and perhaps in actual service,
might disturb them, and would be some what objec-
tionable; and if the Senator will consent to insert
"forty"I certainly would vote for his amend-
ment most cheerfully. That will make forty-eight
thousand cavalry for the whole cavalry force of
the country. I understand the intention is to keep
with the force here fourteen or fifteen regiments
of cavalry, and the others are to be distributed
with the forces mainly and chiefly in the West.
One regiment has been sent to Port Royal, and I
believe" some are going down on the coast; but
generally speaking, theforces that go on the coast
aie aitillcry and infantry.
THANKS TO THE ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will give way for a moment, I should like
to offer a resolution which I think will meet the
approbation of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a resolution for the pur-
pose of showing the great appreciation that Con-
gress has of the brilliant victories and the distin-
guished services which has jjst been rendered by
the officers of the Navy and the Army, and the
soldiers of the United States. I hope that the res-
olution will be read and adopted, so as to mani-
fest our gratitude lor the bulhant victories they
have won.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The Senator from Tennessee asks
the unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce
a resolution at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the lion-
