1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
a very great mistake to authorize the raising of
seventy-seven cavalry regiments. A greater mis-
take I cannot conceive of. I do not believe that
we (should have ever hod more than fifty thousand
or sixty thousand cavalry at any rate raised in ihe
country.
Senators speak of the news we have just re-
ceived, and of governing ourselves according to
that. I hope Senators will not consider this re-
bellion over until it is finished. I do not so re-
gard it; I rejoice over these victories; but we have
five or six hundred thousand square miles of coun-
try; we have a determined people in rebellion
against the Government; wc are reaching them
where we can reach them by water; wc are reach-
ing them in strong points; but there are other
points and other battle-fields in the future. I
hope, sir, we shall gather up all the strength and
resources of the country, and finish the thing be-
fore we talk of making any reduction of our mili-
tary force whatever. If it is in order, I would
move to substitute " forty" instead of" thirty,"
in the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
which would make a reduction to forty regiments,
or forty-eight thousand men altogether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will modify my amend-
ment, to agree with the chairman of the commit-
tee, and say " forty" regiments.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I find myself
very much in the condition of the Senator from
New Jersey from want of experience and knowl-
edge in these matters, and would be disposed to
rely on the suggestions of military men. 1 eon-
cur fully in the suggestion just made by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that the war is not over.
While I rejoice most heartily in the intelligence
which we have received this morning, I know
enough of the South and of the southern people,
to assure the Senate that the contest is not yet
ended. I think it is too soon to begin to disband
our forces, and more especially to disband that
arm of our forces.
Now, sir, I have had some experience in regard
to this matter. When the infantry and the main
body of the forces of the enemy were driven from
northwestern Virginia, we felt that we should be
relieved, and we began to return to our homes
with confidence of security and peace again; but
when their armies were driven from our midst,
little bands of guerrillas took refuge here and there
all through our country; and, but for the fact that
we brought to our aid the cavalry, they would
have committed depredations, and been at it until
this day. The infantry was incompetent, and
could not perform the service required. It required
the expedition and concentration of the cavalry
forces; and through that arm of our service we
have at last driven all these bands from our midst;
and I rejoice to-day that northwestern Virginia
has not the foot of a rebel treading her loyal
I hope, sir, that the Senate will consider well
before it proposes to lessen this arm of our ser-
vice. Of course, I must rely upon the experience
and upon the judgment of men who understand
military matters, and am perfectly willing to ac-
cord my support to the suggestion of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts. "But let Sena-
tors remember that when these armies, and the
concentration of large forces in the South arc sub-
dued, we shall have provisional governments to
support; we shall have guerrilla bands coltcctcd
heie and there to defy and to oppose the author-
ity of the provisional government, or whatsoever
form of government wo may establish all overthis
o-feat expanse of territory; and to enforce the laws,
and to enforce the edicts and authority of this pro-
visional government, or any other government we
shall establish through these States, we shall re-
quire the assistance of cavalry forces at all times.
They alone will be competent to the service that
will then be required to produce submission to
the laws, and to enforce the authority of the Gov-
eminent If evoiy army throughout the length
and breadth of the South were to-day subdued,
we should have a work of no common magnitude
still to perform to subdue these rebel guerrillas that
would assemble in every nook and corner and
swamp <mtl cavern throughout the whole South.
I hope, therefore, the policy of the Senate will be
to cherish, to foster, and to provide a large and
efficient cavalry service; because that arm of the
service will be especially required before long.
Mr. KING. I iun reluctant to resist a propo-
sition to which the chairman of the Committee on
Mihtai y Affairs has assented, as to the reduction
of this force below fifty regiments; but I under-
stand fifty regiments to be the number at which
the consultations and investigations on this subject
brought the War Department and the military au-
thorities, and I am not, therefore, prepared to vote
below that. These forces have been raised very
irregularly throughout the States, it is true. The
ordinary course would have been to call for the
quota from each State; but by special enactment
at the extra session, the President was authorized
to receivl these forces of various kinds without
reference to the number from any one State, but
to gather them as rapidly as they could come in,
and all the States poured out their forces with
great readiness. They are not equally distributed
to the States; neither are the kinds of forces
equally distributed; but so that they come into
the field and fight our battles, I do not know that
it makes any very great difference from what
States tl)ey come. I still think it would be better
to leave the figure at that point which was agreed
upon, as I understand it, by the War Department
as the best, and leave a discretion to reduce it be-
low that number. I shall, therefore, vote against
reducing it absolutely to forty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Maine to have modi-
fied his proposition.
Mr. KING. I understood the Senator from
Maine to accept the suggestion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and to insert "forty" in-
stead of " thirty" regiments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands the Senator to have modified his prop-
osition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. It would not have made any
essential difference to the country from what State
the Government selected either its cavalry or its
infantry forces originally; but when the Govern-
ment has taken forces from all the States in ex-
cess of its wants, and has put them to the necessity
of arming, equipping, and mounting themselves,
at least so far as tlie commissioned officers are
concerned, and undertakes to impose upon a por-
tion of the force the burden of thro wing away that
expenditure, it is. a matter of some little moment
whether all that burden is thrown upon the vol-
unteers from one State, or whether it is appor-
tioned among the different States. It was to that
point I called the attention of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and to that point alone. If it is
as well arranged by this bill as it can be, and I am
not prepared to say it is not, that is all that can
be expected and all that can be accomplished.
Still, there is this suggestion that occurs to me:
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs says, that under this bill the President, where
he finds two, three, four, or five regiments mounted
and in the field from one State, will doubtless let
them remain even if it requires him to dismiss all
from another State. That, he thinks, might work
injustice. I happen to know—I do not know it
personally, but 1 have been so credibly informed
that I firmly believe it—that horses which were
purchased for a cavalry regiment in Wisconsin,
were taken to mount the thirteenth regiment of Illi-
nois cavalry, and that thirteenth regiment is there-
fore mounted and in the field, and under the rule
suggested by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, will bo retained in the field. It
does not seem to me to be an equitable arrange-
ment. If it is unavoidable, of course it must be
submitted to.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order now to submit
an amendment to the amendment?
j: The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
<; order. .
\ Mr. GRIMES. I wish to suggest to the chair-
!' man of the Committee on Military Affairs the
propriety of so modifying this amendment as gen-
:! evully to authorize the Secretary of War to dis-
j; band this cavalry force as he may see fit, and let
j' him be governed by what he believes to be the
jl exigencies of the service and the interests of the
i! country. If, in a few days, he thinks he can dis-
!' band any portion of these regiments, let him do
!i so. I am satisfied that wc do not know a great
!; deal about this matter, and that there is a state of
!! ignorance prevailing with the chief of the cavalry
j on this subject that ought not to exist. I have
!' here in my hand the papers which have just been
furnished by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, giving a schedule of these vari-
ous regiments, the State from which they are
raised, the number of men of which they are com-
posed, by whom they were authorized to be raised,
and what their condition is. In referring to my
own State, I see itstates—and this is the last report •
the chairman has—that the first Iowa regiment is
"partiallymounted,armed,and equipped." Now
it is well mounted, and started and wentinto Mis-
souri in the first week of last October, and has been
there performing duty ever since, and has been
fully armed, fully mounted, and fully equipped.
It states that the second regiment is "unarmed,
partially mounted and equipped." Well, sir,that
has been in Missouri six weeks, and as it started
several days ago for Fort Donelson, I suppose it
was there in that engagement. The third regi-
ment is reported here as " partially mounted,
armpd, and equipped." That has been fully
armed and equipped, and has been for two months
in Missouri. The fourth regimentis also reported
"unarmed, partially mounted and equipped."
That has been under marching orders. 1 do not
know so much about the condition of that as I
do of the others; I know of the condition of the
other regiments; but that regiment has been under
marching orders to proceed to Fort Leavenworth,
as I understand, and was so several weeks ago.
It seems to me that we ought to know something
about the condition of these regiments before we
undertake to act upon them. I merely throw out
these suggestions. It wo~uld be easier for us to
give the Secretary of War general authority to
disband all such regiments as he chooses, and
when he chooses.
Mr. KING. We do know that they desire to
organize and bring this cavalry force into service
as soon as practicable, and we do know that they
think at the War Department that fifty regiments
is as many as they require, while there are sev-
enty-seven skeleton and other regiments here and
there through the country. This bill proposes to
reduce them to fifty, making that a fixed number.
The Senator from Maine proposes to reduce them
from fifty to forty. I have an amendment here,
by which I propose to reduce those regiments to
a number not exceeding fifty, leaving it with the
Department if thatshall be more than they require,
to disband them afterwards, and muster them out
of service, as the public exigencies may permit
them to do, which I think is the better way. That
will meet the suggestion of the Senator from Iowa;
so that all we have to do is to decline to fix this
number at a lowed- one than fifty, and then agree
to the proposition which reduces the number to
fifty, in accordance with the wishes and request'
of the Department, and leaving them at liberty to
reduce it afterwards as they please.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, when
this reduction of the cavalry force takes place,
applying as it does to the present cavalry force
now in the service, whether the President could
call into the service an additional force at any
time under existing law ? Is the law such as that
the President could call into the service additional
cavalry, or will the reduction be permanent?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
think the reduction would be permanent. We
propose to organize the volunteer cavalry force of
the Army of the United States into fifty regiments
or whatever number we fix upon. I suppose that
will stand as the law to govern the Department in
organizing the volunteer forces of the country.
The Senator from Iowa says that these papers
show that the general commanding the cavalry
force does not know so much about the cavalry
force as ought to be known. That is true, sir; he
does not. There is nobody who knows much
about it. The truth is that a large number of per-
sons were authorized to raise cavalry regiments;
and I am afraid it got to be a sort of speculation
with certain men about raising certain regiments.
More persons were authorized to raise those regi-
ments than should have been authorized. They
are scattered about the country. The information
obtained by General Stoneman was obtained by
correspondence with the officers in the field and
the Governors of the States; and this information,
imperfect as it is, is the best we have in regard to
the subject. I know there are errors in it. A
regiment has been raised in my own State, armed
and equipped, and fin officer of the United States
