2830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
©nly captains now. This section would make
these gentlemen lieutenant colonels and majors
with a service of from nine to ten years* while men
in other corps, who have served twenty or twenty-
live years, are only captains to-day. I will men-
tion one instance. There is Captain Ingalls of the
Quartermaster's department. It is true, he has
been made a major by reason of having served
seventeen years, 1 think, in that department. He
has served nineteen years, and he is to-day only
a major—two grades below the office to which the
chairman of the Military Committee proposes to
promote General Buell. Kirkham has served
twenty years, and is only a captain in the Quar-
termaster's department. In the Ordnance depart-
ment Dyer has served twenty-five years, and he is a
captain; Callender has served twenty-three years,
and is acaptain; Kingsbury has served twenty-two
years, and he is a captain; Robinson has served
twenty-one years; Laid ley twenty years; Benton
twenty years; Renosixteen years; McAllister fif-
teen years; Benet thirteen years; Crispin twelve
years; and the youngest man, the one who has
served the least time in the Ordnance department,
who is now a captain, is Balch, who has served
eleven years—more than the average of the time
of service of the officers who this section proposes
shall be majors, lieutenant colonels, and colonels.
There is another point which should be taken
into consideration. This proposition if adopted
increases the pay of these gentlemen nearly ten
thousand dollars. The promotion of one captain
to a colonelcy increases his pay $1,182; the pro-
motion of two captains to lieutenant colonels in-
creases their pay 01,788 in the aggregate; and the
promotion of nine captains to be majors increases
their pay $6,426, making altogether by the pro-
visions of this section an increase of §9,396 in the
pay of these officers. It gives them more rank
than they are entitled to by virtue of the number
of years which they have served, and gives them
increased pay. There are officers in other corps
who have seen much more service without attain-
ing so much promotion. Look at old Colonel
Totten. 1 believe he was a lieutenant at Brad-
dock's defeat. [Laughter.] Be that as it may, he
has been fifty-seven years in the service; he has
been in the Army, I believe, ever since we had
any Army, and ho is only a colonel to-day; he
only holds the rank which the chairman of the
committee proposes to give to General Buell. I
think it is unfair; I think it is doing manifest in-
justice to all the other departments of the Army
and all the other corps, to promote men to majori-
ties for seven or eight or nine ycars'servico, while
men in the line, who have rendered important ser-
vice, and service more difficult to be performed
than that rendeied by these officers, are left two
or three grades below them in rank.
I do not oppose this section for any personal
considerations. I believe the gentlemen in the Ad-
jutant General's department perform their duty as
faithfully as any of the officers in the Army. The
case of Captain Ruggles was mentioned yester-
day. 1 conccde to Captain Ruggles all that his
eminent and valuable services would entitle him
to. From my knowledge of and acquaintance
with him, I believe he is as fine and efficient an
officer as there is in the Army, and I should like
to see him and all the others in this department
promoted; but I do not wish to sec it done at the
expense of all the other corps and departments of
the Army. 1 think ihn war should be prosecuted
for the purpose of putting down the rebellion, and
not for the acquisition of rank for particular offi-
cers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As we have
this provision before us in a separate bill, I am
willing to disagree with the House amendment in
regard to it. ■.
The amendment of the House was non-con-
curred in.
The Secretary read the second amendment of
the House of Representatives, which is to strike
out the ninth section of the bill in llie following
words:
Sec. 9. .Sud be it further enacted, That during the cou-
timi;uicc of thopiesont rebellion thuie shall l)e deducted
from the compoii-imoii of all persons employed in ihe i:ul-
jtiuy, naval, and civil service of the United Htntes, except
til1' Tie-ident ot the United States, and tile judges of the
comt^ ol'tlio United Suites, and wairant ofiicersami sailois
iri tire Navy, and lion commissioned oliieeiv;, musician-, and
privates in the Army and marine coips. ten percent, of the
amount ol Uieii compensation; and tins deduction shall
apply to aii allowances for mileage and for commutation
for servants, forage, and rations, and to ali fees or contin-
gent allowances paid for personal services from the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on concurring in that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
half past twelve o'clock having arrived, the Pa-
cific railroad bill is the special order of the day.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall be allowed to have a committee of conference
upon this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A committee
of conference cannot be appointed upon it at this
stage of the bill. The amendments of the House
are not yet all considered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There are
only one or two more amendments, and I should
like to act on them this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to say any-
thing on the amendment. I only ask for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Pacific
railroad bill set aside for that purpose by common
consent ? If no objection be made, the Chair will
take it to be the general sense of the Senate that
the Pacific railroad bill be set aside for this pur-
pose. No objection being made, the question is
on the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives, which has been read, to strike out the ninth
section of Senate bill No. 175, upon which ques-
tion the Senator from Ohio asks for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 8, as follows;
YJEAS—Messrs. Browning, Glatk, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Fesscnden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kennedy, Lane ofKansas,
Latham, McDougall, Morrill. Nesmith, Fomeroy, Powell,
Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull. Willey, Wilmoty"
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Doolittle, Harlan, King, Lane of Indiana,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Wade, and Wright—8.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary next read the amendments in
which the Committee on Military Affairs recom-
mend a non-concurrence.
The fourth amendment of the Ilouse of Rep-
resentatives is to strike out the twelfth section of
the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That so much of the
fifth section of the aforesaid act, approved July 22,1861, a3
allows forty cents per day for the use and liskof the horses
of company officeis of cavalry be, and the same is heieby,
lepealed.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The eighth amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives is in section twenty-two, to strike out
the words " the same on the outside of each and
every package," and insert " each article;" so as
to make the section read:
Sec. 22. And be it farther enacted, That every person
who thai! furnish supplies of any kind to the Army or Navy
shall be required to mark and distinguish each article with
the name or names of the contractors so furnishing said
supplies to the Aimy or Navy, and no supplies of any kind
shall be received unless so maikcd and distinguished.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The tenth amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives is to insert as a new section:
Stu.—. And be it further enacted, That officers of mili-
tia or volunteer legnnents, when m the United States ser-
vice by commission fiom any State of the Union, shall have
equal lank with oificers of like giadc by commission from
the United States.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The eleventh amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was to insert as an additional section:
Si.o. —. And be it further enacted 3 That the tenth sec-
tion of the act, chapter forty-two, approved Augusts,1861,
be, and is heieby, repealed.
Mr. COLLAMER. We want to know what
the act is that is repealed. It is proposed to re-
peal a section of some act; but the amendment
does not give us to understand what the matter is-.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The amend-
ment of the House is to repeal the tenth section
of the act of last summer. By an old law one dol-
lar a month was reserved from the soldier's pay,
leaving- so much money for him when his time
was out. In the first place, it was supposed to be
an advantage to him, and in the next place, hav-
ing some money in the hands of the Government,
it was supposed tended to keep him from desert-
ing. Last summer we raised the pay from eleven
dollars to thirteen dollars, and we thought it a
good plan to reserve two dollars instead of one
dollar. The House of Representatives now pro-
pose to repeal that act. We reserve two dollars,
and it has this effect: the man will have two dol-
lars a month in the hands of the Government when
his time is out, and having that amount of money
in the hands of the Government, it tends to pre-
vent his deserting his flag; and our committee be-
lieved the law was good enough and that we had
better not repeal it.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That disposes
of the amendments and all the questions before
the Senate on this bill.
Mr. HALE. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate concurred with the House in
striking out the sixteenth section, which reduces
the mileage of members of Congress fifty per cent.
When this question was up, it was considerably
discussed; and the Senate, by a very decided vote,
put this section in the bill. I voted for it; and
when I voted for it, I meant what 1 said by my
vote; and I think one or two matters that have
been very much discussed here in the Sen'ate have
gone to the House, and the House have non-con-
curred; and instantly, as quick as it is reported,
the Senate have backed down.
Mr. -NESMITH. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire permit me to say that that vote was,
I think, 18 to 17—only a quorum voting; and the
section was only carried by one majority. That
was the vote when it was inserted in the Senate
originally.
Mr. HALE. I do not remember what the vote
was, and I do not care; I know it was consider-
ably discussed; and if the Senate meantanything,
I think they should stick to it. At any rate, I
move to reconsider the vote; and on that motion
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to reconsider the
vote concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives striking out the clause of the
Senate bill relating to the mileage of members; and
on this motion he asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire whether the Senator
from New Hampshire voted with the majority
yesterday. If he did not vote with the majority,
of course he cannot make the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order for one member of
the Senate to address another so? Does not the
rule require him to address the4"Chair?
Mr. SUMNER. I addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, in order to ascertain whether it is compe-
tent for him to make this motion, whether he voted
with the majority.
Mr. HALE. I did.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
cannot be entertained, as the Chair understands
the Senator.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The House
of Representatives amended the second section oi
this bill by putting on two provisoes. We have
agreed to one and disagreed to the other. I move
to reconsider the vote by which we disagreed to
the last proviso; so that we shall settle it as in
our opinion is right.
Mr. HALE. Does that supersede my motion i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not com-
petent for the Senator from New Hampshire to
make the motion. The Chair may have misun-
derstood the Senator.
Mr. HALE. The Chair asked me if I had
voted with the majority, and I said I did.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
misunderstood the Senator. The Senator's mo-
tion is before the Senate. The question is on
reconsidering the vote by which the Senate con-
curred in the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives, striking out of the bill the clause re-
lating to the mileage of members.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Doolittle. Gniucs, fLile, Howe, King,
Lane of Indiana. Saulsbury, Sheinmn, Wade, Willey, Wil-
mor, <i!id Wught—12.
N W S—Messn. Anthon\. 131 owning, Oat hie, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fe-^endeii. Foot, Foster,
Ilailan, Hairis', Howaid, Kenned), Lane of Kanta^. La-
tham, McD<m«ail, MouiU, Xt>nnih, Pomcioy, Fow^l,
Stark, Smwior. Tfn Hyck, Tiumhull, Wikon of Massa-
chusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—28.
So the motion to reconsider was rejected.
