350
appendix to , the congressional globe.
[May 15,
StiH Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
State, Territory, or the District of Columbia " to
be paid and satisfied, in whole or in part, by the
release of such State, Territory, or District, duty
executed, to the United States, of any liquidated
and determined claim of such State, lerritory, or
District,ofequalamountagainsttheUnited States:.
Provided, That in case of such release, such State,
Territory, or District shall be allowed the same
abatement of the amount of such tax as would be
allowed in case of the payment of the same in
money," shall be construed as applying to such
claims of States for reimbursement of expenses
incurred by them in enrolling, subsisting, cloth-
ing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and
transporting its troops employed in aiding to sup-
press the present insurrection against the United
States, as shall be filed with the proper officers of
the United States before the thirtieth of July next.
And in such cases the abatement of fifteen per
centum shall be made on such portion of said tax
as may be paid by the allowance of such claims,
in whole or in part, the same as if the final settle-
ment and liquidation thereof had been made before
the thirtieth of June.
Approved, May 13, 1862.
Chap. LXVII.—An Act to establish a Port of
Entry in the Collection District of Beaufort,
South Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Semite and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That a port of entry and delivery shall
be, and is hereby, established in the collection
district of Beaufort, in the State of South Caro-
lina, at or near Hilton Head, to be called the port
of Port Royal, which shall be subject to the same
regulations and restrictions as other ports of entry
and delivery in the United States; and there shall
be appointed a collector of the customs, to reside
at said port, who shall receive a salary of fifteen
hundred dollars per annum. And the Secretary
of the Treasury shall have power to appoint, on
the nomination of the collector, such inspectors,
weighers, gaugers, measurers, and other officers
as may be necessary for the collection of the rev-
enue at said port, whose compensation shall not
exceed the rates allowed to similar officers at other
ports of entry and delivery in the United States.
Approved, May 13, 1862.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act to provide for the defi
ciency in the Appropriation for the Pay of the
two and three years Volunteers, and the Offi-
cers and Men actually employed m the Western
Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is,-appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of thirty millions
of dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, to enable the Government to pay the two
and three years volunteers called into the service
of the United States, being an additional amount
required for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and hereby is, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars, orso much
thereof as may be necessary, to carry into effect
the act approved March twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to secure pay, bounty,
and pensions to officers and men actually em-
ployed in the western department, or department
of Missouri.
Approved, May 14, 1862.
Chap. LXX.—An Act to facilitate the Discharge
of enlisted Men for Physical Disability.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled,' That the medical inspector general, or
any medical inspector is hereby authorized and
empowered to discharge from the service of the
United States any soldier, or enlisted man, with
the consent of such soldier or enlisted man, in the
permanent hospitals, laboring under any physical
disability which makes it disadvantageous to the
service that he be retained therein, and the certi-
ficate in writing of such inspector general or med-
ical inspector, setting forth the existence and na-
ture of such physicaldisability, shall be sufficient
evidence of such discharge: Provided, however,
That every such certificate shall appear on its face
to have been founded on personal inspection of
the soldier so discharged, and shall specifically
describe the nature and origin of such disability;
and that such discharge shall be without preju-
dice to the right of such soldier or enlisted man*
to the pay due him at the date thereof, and report
the same to the adjutant general and the surgeon
general.
Approved, May 14, 1862.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act to regulate the time of
holding the Courts of the United States for the
District of Kentucky, and for other Purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the district of Kentucky shall
hereafter commence and be held as follows: At
Covington on the third Monday of April and on
the first Monday of December; at Louisville on
the third Monday of February and first Monday
of October; at Frankfort on the third Monday of
May and first Monday of January, and at Pa-
ducah on the third Monday of March and first
Monday of November.
Sec . 2. And be it further enacted, That if neither
of the judges of said courts be present at the time
for opening court, the clerk may open and adjourn
the court from day to day for four days, and if
the judge does notjappear by two o'clock, p. m.,
of the fourth day, the clerk shall adjourn the
court to the next stated term. But either the cir-
cuit or district judge, by written order to the clerk
within the first three days of his term, may ad-
journ court to a future day within thirty days of
the first day, of which adjournment the clerk shall
give notice by posting a copy of said order on the
front door of the court-house where the court is
to be held; and the district judge, and, in his ah
sence, the circuit judge, may order a special term
of the-circuit court, designated in a similar order,
to be published in a similar manner, and in one or
more newspapers in the place where the court is
held; and by said order the judge may prescribe
the duties of the officers of court in summoning
jurors, and in the performance of other acts ne-
cessary for the holding of such special term, or
the court may by its order, after it is opened, pre-
scribe the duties of its officers and the mode of
proceeding, and any of the details thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That such
number of jurors shall be summoned by the mar-
shal at every term of the circuit and district courts,
respectively, as may have been ordered of record
at the previous term; and in case there is not a
sufficient number of jurors in attendance at any
time, the court may order such number to be sum-
moned as, in its judgment, may be deemed neces-
sary to transact the business of the court. And
a grand jury may be summoned to attend every
term of the circuit or district court by order of
court. The marshal may summon juries and tales-
men in case of a deficiency, pursuant to an order
of court made during the term; and they shall
serve for such time as the court may direct.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That a special
term of any district court may be held at any time
that the district judge may order by giving notice
thereof on the frontdoorof the court-house where
the court is to be held, and in some respectable
newspaper, if there be any, at the place.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacteil, That the dis-
trict judge may adjourn the court from time to
time to suit the convenience of litigants and to
meet the necessities of the business; and the in-
tervention of a term of a district or circuit court
at another place shall not preclude the power to
adjourn over to a future day.
Sec. 6. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the terms
of the circuit and district courts shall not be lim-
ited to any particular number of days, nor shall
it be necessary to adjourn by reason of the inter-
vention of a term of the court elsewhere; but the
business of the courts at two places may proceed,
there being a judge present at each place, or the
court intervening may be adjourned over, as herein
provided, till the business of the court in session
is concluded.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That a clerk
shall be appointed at every place of holding cir-
cuit and district courts for the district of Ken-
tucky, in like manner and subject to the same
dutiesand responsibilities thatotherclerks are sub-
ject to in other independent districts; the deputy
clerks at Covington, Louisville, and Paducah, shall
perform the duties of the offices, respectively, till
clerks are duly appointed and qualified.
Sex. 8. And be it further enacted, That commis-
sioners appointed by the courts of the United
States to take bail, affidavits, and so forth, shall
have like powers to take surety of the peace and
for good behavior, according to the act of July
sixteen, seventeen hundred and ninety-eight, that
other officers designated by said act now have.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all pro-
cess which shall nothave been returned when this
act takes effect shall be returnable to the terms,
respectively, herein fixed; and the clerk, upon is-
suing original process in a civil action, shall make
it returnable to the court nearest to the county of
the residence of the defendant, or of that defend-
ant whose county is nearest a court, if he have in-
formation sufficient, and shall immediately, upon
the payment by the plaintiff of his^bes accrued,
send the papers filed to the clerk of the court to
which the process is made returnable; and when-
ever the process is not thus made returnable, the
defendant or defendants may, upon motion, on or
before the calling of the cause, have it transferred
to the court to which it should have been sent had
the clerk known the residence of the defendant or
defendants when the action was brought.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in case
of the existence of bail bonds for the appearance
of persons to answer, it shall be the duty of the
clerk to call the parties at the time they are bound
to appear, and, if they fail, to enter the same on
his minutes, on which entry a judgment may af-
terwards be made of record by the court; and if
the party appears, the clerk shall take another
bond, with sureties similar to the first, for further
appearance at the next succeeding term of the
court; and if the party fail to give bond and surety,
then he shall stand committed by order of the
clerk till he does comply.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all laws
and parts of laws inconsistent herewith are hereby
repealed, and this act shall be in force from and
after its passage.
Approved, May 15, 18G2.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act to establish a Depart-
ment of Agriculture.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there is hereby established at the
seat of Government of the United States a Depart-
ment of Agriculture, the general designs and du-
ties of which shall be to acquire and to diffuse
among the people of the United States useful in-
formation on subjects connected with agriculture
in the most general and comprehensive sense of
that word, and to procure, propagate, and distrib-
ute among the people new and valuable seeds and
plants.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted/ That there
shall be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a " Commis-
sioner of Agriculture," who shall be the chief ex-
ecutive officer of the Department of Agriculture,
who shall hold his office by a tenure similar to
that of other civil officers appointed by the Pres-
ident, and who shall receive for his compensation
a salary of three thousand dollars per annum.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Agriculture
to acquire and preserve in his Department all in-
formation concerning agriculture which he can
obtain by means of books and correspondence,
and by practical and scientific experiments, (accu-
rate records of which experiments shall be kept
in his office,) by the collection of statistics, and
by any other appropriate means within his power;
to collect, as he may be able, new and valuable
seeds and plants; to test, by cultivation, the value
of such of them as may require such tests; to prop-
agate such as may be worthy of propagation, and
