THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1863.
New Series No. 54.
ble." That will enable him to provide for all the
hard cases, and leave the others as they are.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let the
amendment be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Doolittle's amend-
ment, as modified, to add to the first section:
And provuled farther, That from those officers who shall
be mustered out of the service under this act, the United
States shall receive their arms and equipments, and allow
to them respectively pay for the same at their original cost.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island is not now in
order. The amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin whether it would not be better
in the case of such an officer mustered out of the
service, to authorize the War Department to make
a reasonable allowance for the expense he has
been at in providing himself with uniform and
equipments, &c.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to hav-
ing the amendment in any form that will be satis-
factory to the Senate; but my apprehension is that
it would be imposing a very great burden upon
some mustering officer to make him ascertain what
is a reasonable allowance in every particular case.
I prefer myself that theamendment should be spe-
cific. As I have modified it, it now provides that
the arms and equipments shall be taken back by
the Government, and the officers allowed their act-
ual cost.
]VJr. RICE. I think it would be better in this
instance to follow the precedent that was estab-
lished during the Mexican war; and that is to al-
low three months'extra pay,and say nothing about
their arms and equipments. That has been usual,
I believe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ I think that is better. '
Mr. RICE. This will be cheaper to the Gov-
ernment in the end, and better for the officers.
They have been in service but a short time; many
of them are far distant from their homes, and have
neglected their business at home, and must have
suffered very great pecuniary losses.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like the Senator
from Wisconsin to so arrange his amendment that
some provision may be made for those cavalry offi-
cers who have purchased horses. Government
horses have "U. S." on them. Officers have had
theirs thus branded, notal ways, perhaps, but quite
frequently. It is a protection to an officer to have
his horse branded, and yet it is his own horse. If
you provide that he shall be remunerated for his
expenses in payments, why not for his horse; or
why not provide that the Government shall take
his horse? I do not believe it is right to expect
an officcr, after having bought and paid for his
horse, and having it branded by the Government,
to take it himself and sell itas well as lie can. Pro-
vision ought to be made for that as well as for the
equipments.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that we ought
to give considerable reflection to this sub ject. We
are establishing a precedent that may be quoted
against us and used against us hereafter, not only
in regard to these particular men, but in regard to
eight hundred thousand men who will have been
in the service during this war. I think we are
establishing a claim for every one of them, or the
basis upon which a claim will be predicated. If
we say now to the cavalry officers that are to be
disbanded, that we will take their uniforms, their
weapons, and other things off their hands, we
shall have to say and do the same thing for every
officer disbanded one year hence, if the President
of the United States sees fit under his authority
to disband any of the regiments. It seems to me
that it is a matter which had better be regulated
by a separate and distinct bill.
Theie may be, and I am inclined to think there
are, merits in this case. Where, under the au-
thority of the President or Secretary of War,
gentlemen went to work to raise a regiment, and
incurred considerable expense, and then the power
to go on with the perfection of their regiment was
taken away from them, they ought to be in some
54
way indemnified. But I do not think it is pru-
dent or wise for us to establish this precedent in
this way at this time. It seems to me the same
principle would he extended to every man in the
Army._ He has entered it for three years, subject
to be disbanded at any time. The gentlemen who
have enlisted in the cavalry regiments, entered
with precisely the same stipulation that all others
have.
Mr. HOWE. What is that stipulation ?
Mr. GRIMES. That they are to serve for three
years, or until disbanded, at the pleasure of the
President. He has the power to disband any-
body from the Army\
Mr. HOWE. I understand the contract be-
tween these troops and the Government to be dif-
ferent. I understand that they have agreed to
serve for three years or during- the war, and that
the reason why you are legislating here on the
subject is because the Executive has no power to
foreclose that contract.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you think he has not?
Mr. HOWE. I understand that to be the hy-
pothesis upon which this bill is presented. I do
not give opinions on questions of law; itis outof
my line entirely. I understand that the hypoth-
esis upon which this bill is based is that the Ex-
ecutive has not power to disband them; that is the
contract. Now it is said that when you break it,
violate it, and disband some of these regiments
v/ho have been only a few months in service, the
three years not having expired, if you pay them
for their uniforms, you are establishing a prece-
dent under which the troops with whom the con-
tract is fully performed may come in and make
a similar claim. It is not a precedent for any such
claim at all, it seems to me. The Government
keeps its contract with them; they serve during
the war, or serve three years, and may reenlist if
they choose to reenlist. They will have no claim
upon the Government for this consideration, be-
cause their contracts are fully abided by on the
part of the Government. This claim is preferred
upon the ground that the Government has broken
its contract with them, and does not accept their
services for the time it agreed to accept them.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The prop-
osition made by the Senator from Wisconsin
brings.up a new and very important question for
consideration. It must, if it he adopted, cost the
Government a large sum of money; and if it be
rejected, we may do a great deal of injustice. I
take it we want to take care of the Government,
and at the same time do no wrong to the persons
who have been employed inraising these regiments.
Therefore, sir, in order to ascertain the facts
connected'with this proposition, which I deem of
great importance, and consult the War Office in
regard to it, I shall consent to let the bill lie over
until to-morrow. In the mean time, I shall make
the necessary investigations and learn what is
wanted in regard to it.
. Mr. MORRILL. Before the bill goes over, I
wish to offer an amendment—to add this proviso
to the second section:
Provided, That in reducing said regiments to the number
prescribed in this act, lcieienec shall be had to tiie Federal
population of the Staler m vv inch saUl regiments have been
raised, so as to give to each State its proportion as near as
may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
is not in order, unless the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin be withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Maine raises another
very important question. We shall not take the
i vote to-day, and I hope the Senator will reflect
I upon it a little before he undertakes to add such
I an amendment to the bill, because certainly it will
throw everything m confusion, forwe cannot or-
ganize this force 011 such a basis. 1 do not think
the cavalry regiment from the Senator's State will
be disturbed, nor that from my State, nor that
from Vermont. Pourcavalry companies havebeen
raised in New Hampshire, one in Rhode Island,
and one or two in Connecticut. I do not think we
ought to force the State of New Hampshire or the
   ■■■II..II..UI. .I    in 11 iji 1 a!, 1,11
State of Connecticut to raise a regiment now when
we do not need them. . . s-
Mr. MORRILL. 11 would not go .to that extent.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, I think it
may. Let the Senator reflect on it. Now; £0 give
us a chance to consider this matter further, I aia
willing to lay this bill aside and go into executive
session, where we have important business to at-
tend to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOtfSB.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clork, announced that the
House had passed abill (No. 242) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had concurrcd in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
109) to prohibit the cooly trade by American citi-
zens in American ships.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolutions
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 112) to authorize a change of appro-
priations for the payment of necessary expendi-
tures in the service of the United States, for Indian
affairs;
A joint resolution (No. 49) for the relief of the
loyal portion of the Creek, Seminole, Chickasaw,
and Choctaw Indians; and
A joint resolution (No. 39) providing a stenog-
rapher for the joint committee to inquire into the
conduct of the war, with an amendment; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 109) to prohibit the cooly trade by American
citizens in American vessels; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President.
II0USI3 BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 242) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th .of
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending tho30th of June, 18G2, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels. *
The motiqn was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to fix a day for
this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I thought you merely wanted
to call it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wished to call it up, and
have some understanding us to the time for its
consideiation...I am willing to go on with it now,
but I believe the Senator from Massachusetts de-
sires an executive session. My experience in the
Senate is that wo accomplish most when we take
hold of any particular subject and adhere to it till
itis concluded. Itis quite likely that this bill will
give rise to some discussion. I think it an im-
portant one, and I desixe to have the early action
of the Senate upon it. What is now transpiring
in the country, I think, makes it more important
that we should act at an eaily day. Although I
am quite ready to go on with the bill to-day, I do
not wish to do so unless the Senate is in a temper
to consider it; but I would like to haye is made
the special order for an early day^aud I trust that
when we do take it up, we shaii proceed with it
until we dispose of it in sow  way. With that
view, I move that it be in a tie the special order for
the day after to-morrow, at two o'clock. I believe
the Senator from Vermont has a special order for
that day, at one o'clock.
