1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts will repeat his motion for re-
consideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
reconsider the vote by which we disagreed to the
House amendment in the second section. The
House inserted two provisoes; we agreed to the
first proviso and disagreed to the second proviso
in the second section. The second proviso is:
Jln<l provided further, That officers of the Army and
of volunteers assigned to duty which requites them to be
mounted, shall, duiiiig the tune they are employed on such
duty, receive tile pay, emoluments, and allowances of cav-
alry officers of the same grade respectively.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regard this amendment
of the House as altogether the most objection-
able of any of the amendments adopted by the
House of Representatives to this bill; and if Sena-
tors will only think about it a little while, they
will find it to be impracticable. By the general
law, when an officer of ail inferior grade is assigned
to duty in a superior grade, he does not draw the
pay of the superior grade. Nearly all our best
colonels have been performing the duties of brig-
adier generals; but while they are performing those
duties they do not receive the pay, emoluments,
&c., of a brigadier general. Nearly every lieu-
tenant in the Navy has, at some time or other, per-
formed the duty of a commander in the Navy,
but he does not therefore draw the pay, emolu-
ments, &c., of a commander of the Navy. If
you once adopt that rule, you create confusion in
your accounts, and an officer of the Army or
Navy may draw pay within six months for three
or four different grades. It would be impossible
for a paymaster,"without examining all the or-
ders under which he had acted, to pay him.
When an officer of the line ofinfantry is required
to perform duty as a cavalry officer, he ought to
draw forage for his horse, and that is all that
ought to bo allowed; but this amendment would
authorize him to draw the pay, emoluments,and
all the allowances of a cavalry officer during the
time he was detailed for that duty. It would
create complications and difficulties in the ac-
counts. I hope, therefore, the Senate will not
adopt the amendment. In its practical effect it
will be very difficult to carry out, and all the
young officers will earnestly desire to be appointed
as aids, or to some other place which will make
them mounted, and will give this laige addition
to their pay and emoluments. They generally
desire such positions at any rate. If the Senate
think that a captain of infantry or any oilier offi-
cer whose duty does notrequirehim to be mounted,
shall, when he is assigned to duty requiring him
to be mounted, draw forage for his horse, I have
no objection to that. He is usually allowed a
Government horse, drawing it from the quarter-
master. If this provision was confined simply
to the allowance of forage, I should have no ob-
jection to it; but it covers pay, emoluments, &c.,
and it will very largely increase the expenses of
the service, it will be adopting a new rule, and
will create great difficulty. I hope the chairman
of the committee, before he assents to this, will
think of it a good many times.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that this
amendment ought to be made. It will not be sub-
ject to all the consequences that the Senator from
Ohio supposes. In the first place, it does not ap-
ply to officers who are already mounted, but it
applies to officers who are not mounted, who may
be assigned to duty which requires them to be
mounted. That is all. Now, as I understand, and
as I was told at the Department, 111 conversing
upon the subject, if an officer of the line, an in-
fantry officer for instance, is assigned to duty that
requires him to be mounted, which is very fre-
quently done, he is placed in a different situation;
his expenses are very much increased, and he
cannot even draw forage for the horse lie rides.
He must provide himself a horse, and he must
not only furnish the horse, but he must provide
for it, for he is not allowed to draw forage. The
pay of infantry officers is lower than that of any
other officers m the service. This provision does
not apply to lieutenant colonels who serve as colo-
nels, nor to majors who serve as lieutenant colo-
nels, for they are already mounted. It applies
simply to one class of officers, those I have men-
tioned. It is perfectly obvious that it is unjust to
take an infantry officer from the line and make
him an aid to a general, and confine him to his old
pay. His expenses are very greatly increased,
his mess expenses particularly. Then he must
find his horse at his own expense, and he cannot
even draw forage for the horse. Thus his already
small pay is reduced while his expenses are greatly
increased. It is very unjust. There is no diffi-
culty about carrying it out as it is here. It is a
very small addition to the pay, and it can be car-
ried out without any difficulty. The difficulties
which the Senator foresees arc, in my judgment,
purely imaginary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take the case of a captain
ofinfantry whose major is absent. Probably in
very many cases under this station he would draw
the pay of a major of infantry, the allowances, &c.
Is there any propriety in applying that rule to that
particular officer, and not to other officers? Is there
any more propriety in applying that rule to that
officer than to a lieutenant of the Navy who is re-
quired, by performing the duties of a commander,
to incur larger expenses? The particular diffi-
culty the Senator states is amply met by allow-
ing this officer the use of a horse and forage for
his horse.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not allow him the
use of a horse.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to allow that,
and to amend the law so as to provide for it; but
there is no necessity for allowing the increase of
the pay and emoluments, and making different
rates of pay. The effect will be that all captains
of infantry and all officers who are not mounted
will be continually pestering the Department for
assignment to duty requiring them to be mounted,
and it will be very difficult indeed to keep them
on foot in their appropriate place, and very diffi-
cult to make out their pay rolls. I think it is much
wiser to leave the law as it stands. All the officers
of infantry who arc assigned to this special duty
are generally very glad to pay the additional ex-
pense; but if the Senate think it is a matter of suf-
ficient importance to provide for by law, I am per-
fectly willing to give them the piopn foiage for a
horse, and, if necessary, a public horse. This pro-
vision, however, will operate in very many more
cases than the Senator thinks.
Mr. NESMITH. I do notapprehend that the
amendment will have the effect that the Senator
from Ohio supposes it will have. If a captain of
infantry, for instance, were assigned to cavalry
duty, he would not get a major's pay under this
section; he would only get the pay of a captain of
cavalry. lie would be simply transferred on the
pay roil front one arm ofscrvicc to the other, with
no change of rank, which 1 think is emiuentlyjust
and proper. If he is subjected to the increase of
expenditure which is occasioned by the transfer,
I think he should have the increased pay.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose thatall the difficulty
that is in the mind of the Senator from Ohio, or
pretty much all, grows out of the use of the word
"emoluments," which, I apprehend, does not
make any difference whether it is mcludcd here
or not. "Under thuLword " emoluments" are in-
cluded quarters and commutation of quarters, fuel
and commutation of fuel, mileage, and lights and
commutation of lights.
Mr. SHERMAN. And servants.
Mr. GRIMES. And servants. Take an in-
fantry captain and transfer him to some general's
staff,and he has all theseemolumentsjustasmuch
as an infantry officer as he would as a cavalry
officer; so that it is perfectly immaterial whether
the word " emoluments" is used or not. The only
effect of this amendment will be to give ail infant-
ry captain, for instance, who is nowdiawing sixty
dollars a month pay proper, seventy dollars in-
stead of sixty, and to give Inm the use of two
horses, which amounts to eighteen dollars per
month. Take the case of an engineer, who is
allowed on civil service one horse, or commuta-
tion for one horse. The engineers now in the
service are only allowed one horse, while other
men on the same staff with them are allowed two;
and yet the engineer is the brain of all the corps;
he is obliged to make the reconnoissances, and is
really responsible to the commander-in-chief for
the manner in which the Army is placed. ^ I have
j! a case in my mind. I know a man, an infantry
!| officer in the regular Army, who was assigned to
|| the staff of a major general—one of the most gal-
I1 lant men in the seivice. He was obliged to buy
j j his own horses; ai)d if it had not been tor the kuul-
II ness of his associates on General Smith's staff he
would not have been able to procure the subsist-
ence by which to keep them during the campaign
on the Tennessee river; and yet that officer was
performing the duty of chief engineer, and is, I
think, one of the most skillful engineers I ever
knew—a man who commanded the batteries in
General Smith's division at the battle of Donel-
son; and on General Smith's death he was hardly
able to get away from the camp because of the
additional expense that he had been put to by-
being placed in that very responsible and import-
ant position. It seems to me that this amendment
ought to be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate disagreed to this proviso in the House
amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurring upon the amendment of the
House of Representatives, it was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This disposes
of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
agreed to some amendments, and disagreed to
others, and agreed to others with amendments.
Now, is it not in order to move that a committee
of conference be appointed? I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot rule that motion out of order, because itis,
strictly speaking, in order, but it is irregular and
out of time. It belongs to the amending House to
ask for a committee of conference. It is but cour-
teous to theamending House, for the other House,
when they have disagreed to its amendments, or
agreed to some of its amendments with amend-
ments, to give the amending House an opportu-
nity to recede from those amendments to which
the opposite House have disagreed, or, if not, to
insist themselves upon their own amendments,
disagreeing to the amendments to the amendments
made by the opposite House, and themselves ask
for a committee of conference. The Chair repeats
that he cannot rule the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to be out of order. Itis sometimes
done; it has been done in theSenatc at the piesent
session upon the Metropolitan railroad bill; but
the regular and proper practice is always to leave
it to the amending House, when they shall insist
on their amendments towhich the opposite House
have disagreed to ask for a committee of confer-
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the case of the tax bill,
the House of Representatives disagreed to all the
amendments of the Senate, and asked for a con-
ference, without sending it back here at all.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassaehusctts. I will simply
state the reason why I ask foracommittee of confer-
ence on this bill now. There are some provisions in
the text of this bill that we cannot alter, and if the
bill should go backtotheHouseofRepresentatives,
and the House should agree with us, we should
have the bill passed, which we do not want, be-
cause we do not want to pass the bill m the form
in which it is now. We have been voting to set-
tle certain principles- We have had a consulta-
tion with some of the members of the Military
Committee of the other House, and have substan-
tially agreed onabill that we wantto get through,
and we thought the speediest way to do it was to
refer the bill to a committee of conference, and
have a disagreement there, with a recommendation
to take up a bill made up out of this,coveringwhat
both Houses had agreed to, m order to correct a
few errors that were in the original bill. That is
the reason I make the motion.
The PRESIDENT p-o tempore. The Senator
insists upon his motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
this committee of conference be appointed? P>y
the Chair?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. By the
Chair.
There being no objection, the President pro tem-
pore was authorized to appoint the committee of
conference on the pait of tlie Senate; and Messrs.
Wilson of Massachusetts, Nesmith, and How-
ard were appointed. ,
MESSAGE 1'IIOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House ofRep-
resentatives, by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, re-
questing the Senate to return to the House the bill
