1862.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2b
to distribute them among agriculturists. He shall
annually makeageneralreportinwritingofhis acts
to the President and to Congi*ess, in which he may
recommend the publication of papers forming parts
of or accompanying his report, which report shall
also contain an account of all moneys received and
expended by him. He shall also make special re-
ports on particular subjects whenever required to
do so by the President or either House of Con-
gress, or when he shall think the subject in his
charge requires it. He shall receive and have'
charge of all the property of the agricultural di-
vision of the Patent Office in the Department of
the Interior, including the fixtures and property
of the propagating garden. He shall direct and
superintend the expenditure of all money appro-
priated by Congress to the Department, and ren-
der accounts thereof, and also of all money here-
tofore appropriated for agriculture and remaining
unexpenued. And said Commissioner may send
and receive through the mails, free of charge, all
communications and other matter pertaining to
the business of his Department, not exceeding in
weight thirty-two ounces.
Sec. 4. And beitfurther enacted, That the Com-
missionerof Agriculture shall appoint achiefclerk,
with a salary of two thousand dollars, who in all
cases during the necessary absence of the Com-
missioner, or when the said principal office shall
become vacant, shall perform the duties of Com-
moner, and he shall appoint such other employes
as Congress may from time to time provide, with
salaries corresponding to the salaries of similar
officers in other Departments of the Government;
and he shall, as Congress may from time to time
provide, employ other persons, for such time as
their services may be needed, including chemists,
botanists,entomologists, and other persons skilled
in the natural sciences pertaining to agriculture.
And the said Commissioner, and every other per-
son to be appointed in the said Department, shall,
before he enters upon the duties of his office or
appointment, make oath or affirmation truly and
faithfully to execute the trust committed to him.
And the said Commissioner and the chief clerk
shall also, before entering upon their duties, sev-
erally give bonds to the Treasurer of the United
States, the former in the sum of of ten thousand
dollars, and the latter in the sum of five thousand
dollars, conditional to render a true and faithful
account to him or his successor in office, quarter
yearly accounts of all moneys which shall be by
them received by virtue of the said office, with
sureties to be approved as sufficient by the Soli-
citor of the Treasury; which bonds shall be filed
in the office of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, to be by him put in suit upon any breach of
the conditions thereof.
Approved, May 15, 1862.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act to incorporate the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Eliab Kingman, Franklin Ten-
ney, J. J. Coombs, Sayles. J. Bowen, Charles H.
Upton, Henry Addison, Haliett Kilbourn, and
their associates and assigns, be and they are
hereby created a body-corporate, under the name
of the " Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company," with authority to construct and lay
down a double track railway, with the necessary
switches and turnouts, in the cities of Georgetown
and Washington, in the District of Columbia,
through and along the following avenues and
streets: commencing on Bridge street, at the in-
tersection with High street, or at such point on
said Bridge street east thereof, in the city of
Georgetown, as may be designated hereafter by
the corporate authorities thereof, along said Bridge
street to its intersection with the street running
to the tubular bridge over Rock Creek to Penn-
sylvania avenue, in the city of Washington; along
said avenue to Fifteenth street west; along said
street south to said avenue; along said avenue to
the foot of the Capitol grounds; thence around
the southern boundary of the Capitol grounds;
and along their southern boundary easterly to
Pennsylvania avenue; along said Pennsylvania
avenue to Eighth street east, or Garrison street;
and along said street south to the navy-yard gate,
with a lateral road running along the eastern front
of the Capitol from the southern to the northern
gate, and thence by " A'-* street to the depot of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad; and thence from
said depot through First street west to Pennsyl-
vania avenue, so as to intersect with said main
road; also, a double or single track branch rail-
way, commencing at Boundary street north and
running down Seventh street west to Pennsylva-
nia avenue and to the Potomac; also, a railway
commencing at Boundary streetandrunningdown
Fourteenth street west and New York avenue to
Pennsylvania avenue to a point of intersection
with said first-mentioned railway, with the right
to run public carriages thereon drawn by horse
power, receiving therefor a rate of fare not ex-
ceeding five cents a passenger for any distance
between the termini of either of the said main rail-
way, or between the termini of either of said
branch railways, or between either terminus of
said main railway and the terminus of either of
said branch railways: Provided, That the use and
maintenance of said road shall be subjcct to the
municipal regulations of the cities of Washington"
and Georgetown, respectively, within their sev-
eral corporate limits, and that whenever the Cap-
itol grounds shall be enlarged, then the said routes
shall be made to conform thereto.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That said roads
shall be deemed real estate, and they, together
with other real property and the personal prop-
erty of said body corporate, shall-be liable to tax-
ation as other real estate and personal property
in the cities aforesaid, except as hereinafter pro-
vided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
railway shall be laid in the center of the avenues
and streets, as near as may be, without interfer-
ing with or passing over the water or gas pipes,
in the most approved manner adapted for street
railways, with rails of the most approved pat-
terns, to be determined by the Secretary of the
Interior, laid upon an even surface with the pave-
ment of the streets; and the space between the
two tracks shall not be less than four feet nor more
than six feet, and the carriages shall not be less
than six feet in width, the gauge to correspond
with that of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the said
corporation, hereby created, shall be bound to
keep said tracks, and for the space of two feet be-
yond the outer rail thereof, and also the space be-
tween the tiacks, at all times well paved and in
good order, without expense to the United States
or to the cities of Georgetown and Washington.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That nothing
in this act shall prevent the Government, at any
time, at their option, from altering the grade or
otherwise improving Pennsylvania avenue, and
such other avenues and streets as may be occupied
by said roads, or the cities of Washington and
Georgetown from so altering or improving such
streets and avenues as may be under their respect-
ive authority and control; and in such event it
shall be the duty of said company to change their
said railroad so as to conform to such altered
grade and pavements.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That this act
may at any time bo altered, amended, or repealed
by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
said body-corporate to issue any note, token, de-
vice, scrip, or other evidence of debt to be used as
a currency.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock of said company shall be not less than
three nor more than five hundred thousand dol-
lars, and that the stock shall be divided into shares
of fifty dollars each, and shall be deemed personal
propei ty transferable in such manner as the by-
laws of said company may direct.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the said
company shall place first-class cars on said rail-
ways, with all the modern improvements for the
convenience and comfort of passengers, and shall
run cars thereon during the day as often as every
five minutes,except as to Seventh and Fourteenth
streets, and on these once in fifteen minutes cach
way, and until twelve o'clock at night as often
as every half hour*, and throughout day and
night as much oftener as public convenience may
require.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said
company shall procure such passenger rooms,
ticket offices, stables, and depots at such points
as the business of the railroad and the conveni-
ence of the public may require. And the said com-
pany is hereby authorized to lay such rails through
transverse or other streets as may be necessary
for the exclusive purpose of connecting the said
stables and depots with the nTain tracks. And
the said company is hereby authorized to pur-
chase or lease such lands or buildings as may be
necessary for the passenger rooms, ticket offices,
stables, and depots above mentioned.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all arti-
cles of value that may be inadvertently left in any
of the cars or other vehicles of the said company
shall be taken to their principal depot and entered
in a book of record of unclaimed goods, which
book shall be open to the inspection of the public
at all reasonable hours of business.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That said cor-
poration shall, on demand of the President of the
United States, Secretary ofW^r, or Secretary of
the Navy, cause to be transported over said rail-
way any freight cars laden with freight for the
use of the United States; the officers causing such
service to be done shall pay a reasonable compen-
sation therefor.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That within
five days after the passage of this act the corpo-
rators named in the first section, or a majority of
them, or if any refuse or neglect to act, then a
majority of the remainder, shall cause books of
subscription to the capital stock of said company
to be opened and kept open, in some convenient
and accessible place in the city of Washington,
from nine olclock in the forenoon till five o'clock
in the afternoon, for a period to be fixed by said
corporators, not less than two days, and said cor-
porators shall give public notice, by advertise-
ment in the daily papers published in the city of
Washington,of the timewhenand the place where
said books shall be opened, and subscribers upon
said books to the capital stock of the company
shall be held to be stockholders: Provided, That
every subscriber shall pay at the time of subscrib-
ing twenty-five per centum of the amount by him
subscribed to the treasurer appointed by the cor-
porators, or his subscription shall be null and
void. If at the end of two days a larger amount
than the capital stock of said company shall have
been subscribed, the books shall be closed, and
the said corporators named in the first section
shall forthwith proceed to apportion said capital
stock among the subscribers pro rata, and make
public proclamation of the number of shares al-
lotted to each, which shall be done and completed
on the same day that the books are closed: Pro-
vided further, That nothing shall be received in
paymentof the twenty-five per centum at the time
of subscribing except money or checks or certifi-
cates of deposit indorsed " good" by the presi-
dent or cashier of some good solvent bank or
banks. And when the books of subscription to
the capital stock of said company shall be closed,
the corporators named in the first section, or a
majority of them, and in case any of them refuse
or "neglect to act, then a majority of the remain-
der, shall, within twenty days thereafter,call the
first meeting of the stockholders of said company,
to meet within ton days thereafter, for the choice
of directors, of which public notice shall be given
for five days'in two public newspapers, published
daily in the city of Washington, or by written
personal notice to cach stockholder by the clerk
of the corporation; and in all meetings of the stock-
holders each share shall entitle the holder to one
vote, to be given in person or by proxy.
Sec. 14. And be il further enacted, That the gov-
ernment and direction of the affairs of the com-
pany shall be vested in the board of directors,
seven in number, who shall be stockholders, and
who shall hold their office for one year and till
others are duly elected and qualified to take their
places as directors; and the said directors (a ma-
jority of whom, the president being one, shall be
a quorum) shall elect one of their number to be
president of the board, who shall also be president
of the company; and they shall also choosc a treas-
urer, who shall give bonds with surety to said
