850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mv. Trumbull's motion was agreed to, (two
thirds of the Senators present voting in favor of it.)
executive session,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and after some time spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
' HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 17,1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read.
' correction of the journal.
_ Mr. WICKLIFFE. The Journal represents
me as moving to refer the resolution for the ap-
pointment of a stenographer for the joint com-
mittee on the conduct ofthe war to that committee.
My motion was to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I move that the
Journal be corrected accordingly.
The motion was agreed to; and the Journal was
so corrected.
The Journal, as amended, was then approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Tiie SPEAKER. The first business is the call
of committees for reports for reference only. No
report made in the first hour can bo'brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to mako a report from
the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman would not have the right, dining this call,
to make n report fiom the Committee on Print-
ing. The rules only fix one day in the week for
this class of business. The Chair thinks he ought
not to allow the hour to be interfered with, being
devoted to a particular purpose.
The Speaker then proceeded toeall the commit-
tees for reports under the limitation stated above.
BRIGADIER GENERAL TOTTE.V.
Ml*. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Brigadier General
Joseph G. Totten: which was read a first mid
second time, referred to a Committee oftlie Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
THOMAS FOllSTEit.
•Mr. FENTON, fYom the same committee,
reported u bill for the relief of Thomas Forstcr;
wliieh was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying i epoi t, ordeicd to be printed,
11. Y. KIIELMiY.
Mr. LANSING, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to pay R. Y..Shelley
for his claim and improvements taken from him
by the Omaha reservation in the Territory of
Nebraska; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole 1 louse,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
PEEEMPTOttS ON WINNERAGO RESERVATION.
Mr. ALDRICII, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, rcpoitcd a bill for the relief of prc-
emptors on the home reservation of (ho Winne-
bagoes, in the Blue Earth region,"'in the State of !
Minnesota; which was rend a fust and second j
time,referred toaCommittecofthe Whole House, :
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
ELIZABETH ODELIj AND 0TIIJ3KS.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Odeli,Mary
Woodbury, and other half-breed women of the
Sioux tribe of Indians; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee ofthe Whole
House, and, with the accompanying- report, or-
dered to be printed.
change of appropriation.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hold in my hand a bill
authorizing a transfer of an appropriation, which
has passed the Senate unanimously,and is unan- 1
imously reported from the Committee on Indian '
Affaire of this House, to which it was referred.
I ask that it be put upon its passage at this time.
It makes no appropriation.
There being no objection, Senate bill No. 112,
to authorize a change of appropriations for the
payment of necessary expenditures in the service
of the United States for Indian affairs, received
its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FALL OF FORT DONELSON.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the consentof the House
to make a statement in regard to Fort Donelson.
There was no objection.
Mr. COLFAX. General McCIcllan has just
authorized me to state to the House that lie has
this moment received a dispatch from Cairo, an-
nouncing the arrival of thj> gunboat Carondclet
with the news that on yesterday Fort Donelson
was captured by the land forces of the United
States, with fifteen thousand prisoners, including
A.Sidncy Johnston and Buck ner, and that General
Floyd ran and escaped. [Great applause oil the
floor and in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. Order! order!
Mr. BLAKE. I move to suspend the rules, so
that all the persons on the floor and in the galle-
ries be permitted to cheer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
look far more becoming for statesmen at such a
time to preserve the dignity belonging to the body.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Indiana if ho intends to intimate'that Gen-
eral Floyd stole a march on them } [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBUItNE. I wish the gentleman
Irom Indiana to state that this land force was
commanded by General Ulysses S. Grant, of Il-
linois,and of Galena at that. [Cries of " Good !"
" Good !"1
Mr. MALLORY. I think that after the news
communicated by the gentleman from Indiana, we
should receive no more reports this morning. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
NATHANIEL M'LEAN AND OTIIEKS.
Mr. MITCHELL, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, repotted a bill for the relict'of Nathan-
iel McLean, R. G. Murphy, and C. E. Flandreau;
which was read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be pruned.
ilALPH KING.
Mr, POMEROY, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, made an adverse repoit on the peti-
tion of Ralph King, which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made adverse reports on
the petitions of John L. Champeand Ann Woos-
ter; winch wete seveially laid upon the table,and
ordeicd to be piinted.
IOWA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. WORCESTER, by unanimous consent,
presented additional testimony in the contested-
election case of Ryington vs. Yandover, of Iown;
which was referred to the Committee of Elections,
and ordered to be printed. i
COURT OF CLAIMS. j
Air. PORTER. I ask tin unanimous consent '
of the House to report back from the Committee
on the Judiciary a bill to amend the act for the
establishment of a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States, and to ask that
it be made a special order for to-morrow week.
Mr. DIVEN. I h ave no objection if .
Mr. HOLM AN. We do not understand what
the bill is.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; I only want to know ■
what the bill is.
Mr. PORTER. I desire to make this matter
a special order at a time that it will not interfere
with the consideration of any other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that if gentlemen will allow the regular ouier of
business to proceed, they will facilitate thnr own
business.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
volunteers, etc.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in the enforcement of tlie laws
and protecting public property;" and requested
that the bill be printed, and recommitted to the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
during this call reports are only in order for refer-
ence, and that they cannot be brought back upon
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. GOODWIN. I withdraw the bill, then.
report of special committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. On last Friday the House adopted a res-
olution instructing the committee on Government
contracts to inquire into a certain advertisement
for the purchase of horses. The committee have
had that subject under consideration, and have
instructed me to report, verbally, that the notice
given in the advertisement referred to, although
brief, was required by the imperative necessities
of the military service; that the notice was given
by telegraph throughout the country, and that
nothing but integrity marked the transaction.
The committee are satisfied that none other than
the interests of the country were considered in
publishing the notice in the form in which it was
j published; and they therefore ask to be discharged
| from the further consideration of the subject.
The committee were accordingly discharged.
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
: chusetts [Mr. Goocti] is entitled to the floor upon
j the matter pending when the House adjourned on
j Friday last.
| - court op claims,
j Mr. PORTER. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
; sachusetts to yield to me one moment.
Mr.'GOOCH. I will.
.Mr. PORTER. I ask the unanimous consent
ot the House to report back from the Committee
' on the Judiciary a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
February 24, 1855.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am satisfied we ought to
proceed to the public business, and therefore I
object.
WAR NEWS.
Mr. COLFAX. I have further news from
Fort Donelson through rebel sources. {"'Hear!"
"Hear!"] I will read the dispatch. It is as
follows:
The Old Point steamer, which arrived at Baltimore to-
: day, brings the following : by a flag of tiuce fiom Norfolk
we Iicpr that Fort Donoli-ou rimondered to Geneial Giant
| yesterday, Generals Pillow, Floyd, Johnston, and Buekner
I wore taken pi i:>onerrf, with fifteen thousand tioopn. We
| have also news of heavy cannonading at Savannah, and
! that city lias probably been captuied.''
! The reading of the dispatch was followed by
i loud applause on the floor and in the galleries.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GOOCH. I told the gentle man from Min-
nesota that I would yield to him,butl will yield
no further.
jinn lake 1xdiax lands, etc.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 ask u nanimous consentto
introduce the following resolution:
Jlcsohcd, Thru the Committee on Indian Affairs he, and
are heieby instructed, toinqune into the expediency and
necessity of making a small appreciation to deftaytheex-
pen^es of holding a council and making a treaty with the
Red Lake and lied Rivet Indians, with a vi 'w of purchas-
ing the whole ot a poition of the lands now held by j-aid
Indian^ in northern Minnesota; and repott by bill 01 other-
wise.
Mt.F.A.C0INTCL1N"G. I call for the regular
order of business.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. "MALLORY Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield until I can make a motion to
the Houee?
Mr. GOOCH. What motion?
