2832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20.
(H. R. Nt>. 472) to free from servitude the slaves
of certain-rebels, engaged in or abetting the exist-
ingrebellionagainstthe Government ofthe United
States, for the purpose of supplying an omission
in the engrossment of the bill.
NAVY DEPARTMENT ORGANIZATION.
The message also returned to the Senate, agree-
ably to its request, the bill (S. No. 171) to reor-
ganize the Navy Department of the United States,
with the amendments of the House thereto.
Mr. GRIMES subsequently said: I rise to a
privileged question. This morning I moved that
the Secretary be directed to request the House of
Representatives to return Senate bill No. 171, to
reorganize the Navy Department of the United
States; and I also entered a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate concurred in the
amendments of the House. Upon an examina-
tion of the bill, I discover that the action of the-
Senate had been misunderstood elsewhere, from
the reading of the Globe. I find that the action of
the Senate was what I supposed it was, but differ-
ent from that which was supposed to be its votes
elsewhere. "I therefore wish now to withdraw my
motion to reconsider, and to enter a motion direct-
ing the Secretary to transmit the bill to the House
of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
has that privilege. The Senator withdraws his
motion to reconsider, and moves that the bill be
returned. That order will be made, and is made.
APPROPRIATION EOH VOLUNTEERS' BOUNTY.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a privileged
report. The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 413) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of the' bounty authorized by the sixth sec-
tion of an act entitled " An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22, 1861, and for other purposes, have in-
structed me to make a report. I ask that it be
read, and I will then submit a motion.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
Tiie committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Hoik-es to the hill (U.K. Tfo. 413) mnkin; appropria-
tions for the payment of the bounty authorized by ttiesmli
section o{ an act entitled "An act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteer* to aid in enforcing the laws and protect-
ing public piopeity," appiovcd July 22,1861, ami for other
purposes, having met, after full and free conference report
that they are not able to agree upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses. JOHN SHERMAN,
D. WILMOT,
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on the part ofthe Senate.
T3.B. WASHBURNE,
JAMES K. MORRIS,
HORACE MAYNARD,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was no difficulty be-
tween the two Houses upon the disagreeing votes,
but both Houses desired to correct the text of the
bill. It is the same bill that was reported here the
other day by another committee of conference. I
presume the only legular mode to correct the er-
ror will be to introduce a new bill, and the com-
mittee of conference of both Houses unanimously
agreed upon a bill which is precisely like the bill
as amended according to the report of the former
committee of conference, butleaves out the proviso
prescribing the persons who are to be the beneficia-
ries of the bounty. That is provided for in the bill
under discussion this morning. The nineteenth sec-
tion of the bill we have been just acting upon directs
who shall receive this bounty. That section has
been agreed to by both Houses, and theie is no
difficulty between them as to it. The committee of
conference therefore request me to introduce into
the Senate the bill I hold m my hand, which con-
tains nothing but the appropriation for the bounty,
and is precisely in accordance with the former re-
port of the committee of conference. I introduce
this bill in the hope the Senate will act on it now
unanimously, and send it to the House of Repre-
sentatives at once.
Mr. POSTER. As we started to carry out
what was deemed a very important and highly
salutary principle of legislation, I must insist upon
our doing it in such a manner as to make the les-
son perfectly effective. I must therefore object to
the introduction of the bill, there having been no
previous notice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
fromConnecticutthat,inthepositionin which the
bill is now placed—I was not here at the former
action—we cannot act upon the old bill; it con-
tains provisions inconsistent with otherbills pend-
ing, and it would not be wise to act on it. This
is an appropriation bill, and, so far as I know,
those bills have never met the ordinary objection
to the introduction of bills. If, however, the Sen-
ator from Connecticut feels wounded by the action
of the Senate the other day on the report of the
report of the former committee of conference, and
desires to put his single objection to the consid-
eration of an appropriation bill to pay bounties
to soldiers, and forno other purposes, containing
no doubtful proposition, a bill, every provision
of which he assented to, as a matter of course he
has a right to do it, and I shall call it up to-mor-
row.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the regular order.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly do not feel wounded
by any action of the Senate. I am defending the
honor of the Senate, which would be wounded
by an attempt to evade a solemn decision of the
Senate on the yeas and nays. It is not my honor
that is wounded, but that of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say that there
is no attempt to evade that decision; but on the
contrary, the committee of conference felt bound
by it, and attempted to carry it out. "We did
not seek to evade the decision or the rules of the
Senate. The former committee, according to the
decision of the Senate, did evade or disobey the
rules of the Senate, and although I was not here
to take part in it, the Senate evidently rebuked
that committee of conference. The committee of
conference did not seek to evade the rules of the
Senate, but brought in a bill in precise conformity
to the rules of the Senate. The Senator has a
right, by his single objection, to defeat the pas-
sage of a bill of this character, to every provision
of which he has himself assented; therefore it must
take the ordinary course of legislation. That is
for the Senator to determine. Certainly this com-
mittee of confercncc (lid not seek to evade the rules
of the Senate, but to carry out the wishes of the
Senate and the rules of the Senate by introducing
anew bill, it being admitted on all hands that the
original bill referred to the committee of confer-
ence ought not to be passed. I introduce it, as an
individual, by the request ofthe committee of con-
ference—a thing that I have a right to do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
understands it. The Chair did not receive it as
part of the report of the committee; it is sought
to be introduced, and a single objection carries it
over.
Mr. POSTER. I understand the Senator to say
that he reported the bill as recommended by the
committee of conference. If I misunderstand
him 
Mr. SHERMAN. I said I introduced the bill
myself as a Senator, and that I did it by the ad-
vice of the members of the committee of confer-
ence, and in accordance with the wishes of the
Senate, and, as I supposed, of the Senator him-
self. We took the very phraseology agreed on by
the former committee of conference, as we under-
stood the action of that committee. There was
no objection to that. We took the bill as tliey
reported it to the Senate, and reported it back as
a new bill, or rather I, as a Senator, introduce it
as a new bill. It is introduced in the House of
Representatives now by one of the committees of
conference in the very words in which I have now
introduced it, with an explanatory statement. I
think the Senator on a little reflection will see that
theie was no desire to do anything out of the or-
dinary way, but simply to avoid a difficulty that
lie himself encountered, and to avoid it in the only
way we could consistent with the rules of the Sen-
ate. If there was any objection to any clause of
this bill, I should not care about its going over;
but I hope the Senator on reflection will allow the
bill to pass. We gave the members of the com-
mittee of conference from the House ot' Repre-
sentatives to understand that there would be no
difficulty in the Senate, there being no objection
to the bill, and therefore I should like to see it
passed at once.
Mr. POSTER. I did not misunderstand the
Senator. Although the explanation is rathpr a
long one, it seems I did exactly understand him
that the committee of conference recommended
that this bill should be reported, and that it is re-
ported here, and the Senator says it has already
been reported in the other House by the same com-
mittee; and this is the committee of conference that
does not seek to evade the rules, but simply to
perform the duties legally incumbent upon them
under their appointment! It is very clear that to
report an appropriation bill, even for a most de-
sirable and most necessary purpose, is no part of
the duty of a committee of conference. This bill
does not come from the committee of conference
legitimately. They cannot report it. If the Sena-
tor disclaims that, and says the committee of con-
ference has nothing to do with it, and he, as an
individual Senator, rises here and asks leave to
introduce a bill without previous notice, I have
not the least objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I was not happy
in expressing myself. I presented the report of
the committee of conference. That is in writing,
signed by all the members ofthe committee. That
simply reports that we could not agree upon the
pending bill. That disposes of the report ofthe
committee of conference. I then, as a Senator,
introduce a bill, statingthat I do it by the recom-
mendation of the two committees. I introduce it
as a Senator. I cannot introduce it in any other
way. A committee of conference cannot intro-
duce a bill. The report ofthe committee of con-
ference is disposed of; and I therefore, as a Sen-
ator from Ohio, introduce a bill to provide appro-
priations for the bounty which we have agreed to
give to soldiers. It contains no other provisions;
and I hope the Senate will allow it to pass.
Mr. FOSTER. If it is the bill of the committee,
I object to it. If it is not, I have no objection. I
do not understand that it is a part of the report,
but it is a recommendation of the committee. So
says the Senator. Well, sir, the report of a com-
mittee of conference is nothing but a recommend-
ation. The report which was made the wther
day, and which was so obnoxious, was nothing
but a recommendation. That is all any report is;
and it requires the action of the Senate to give it
any validity. The proposition which we recom-
mended in our report was just as acceptable to the
Senate as this is. Not a man objected to it. This
recommendation, the Senator says, is to effect the
same object, and no other object. Still we started
with the legitimate purpose of doing business by
a committee of conference so as not to violate
rules; and,having begun it, I must insist that we
go through.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, in order to satisfy
my friend from Connecticut, I will state that it is
my bill, and that nobody objects to it so far as I
know.
Mr. COLLAMER. And nobody recommends
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the honorable
Senator from Connecticut himself assented to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent to introduce a
bill of which no previous notice has been given.
Mr. LATHAM. With a view to put it upon
its passage now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator object to the introduction of the bill?
Mr. LATHAM. I do; and I call for the regular
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from California will allow this bill to be passed.
Mr. HOWE. I shall have something to say
about this bill.
Mr. LATIIAM. It is evident that it will give
rise to discussion. Several Senators wish to parti-
cipate init. I callfor the regular orderofbusiness.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration ofthe bill
(H. R. No. 364) to aid m the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use ofthe same for postal, military, and
other purposes, the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, to re-
consider the vote adopting the amendment offered
by Mr. Collamer, on page 11, section five, line
fourteen, after the woid " States," to strike out
the words "as hereinafter provided;" and in lines
twenty-four, twenty-five, and twenty-six of the
