THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 2J, 1862.
New Series...,.No. 178.
same section to strike out the words " when re-
quired so to do by the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 will simply
say that I have seen some propositions piepared
with care by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clare,] in order to arrange the difference
of opinion on tins subject, and I am certainly will-
ins: to adopt the proposition which he intends to
offer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion to reconsider the vote
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont?
Mr. CLARK. It is necessary that that vote
should be reconsidered in order to carry out what
I purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what it is intended to carry out before I vote to
reconsider. I was for those amendments of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CLARK. I wili say that I have shown
the amendment I propose to offer to the Senator
from Massachusetts, the Senator from Vermont,
and the chairman of the committee on the Pacific
railroad, and they all agree to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. *1 have no objection, if that
is the case.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe it to be right.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment moved by
theSenatorfrom Vermont, to strike out the words
which have been read.
Mr. COLLAMER. May I now withdraw it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, if no objection be made, the Senator from
Vermont can withdraw his amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw it with a view
of allowing the Senator from New Hampshire to
offer his proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont withdraws his amendment, and
those words stand in the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill on
page 12, section six,line two, by inserting after the
word "company" the words shall pay said
bonds at mutuiity and;" so that it will read:
That the grants aforesaid lire made upon condition that
said company shall pay said bonds at matunty and shall keep
said laiiioad and teiegiaph line in icp.ui and u^c, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend on the
same page, in the section previous to that, sec-
tion live, lines thirty and thirty-one, by striking
out after the word " company" the words " shall
at once vest in the United States and the same shall
immediately,"and inserting the word" may;" so
that the clause will read:
The said road, with all the rights, function1?, immunities
and appuitenances theieuuto belonging, and also all lands
granted to the said company by the United States, which,
at the time of said defauit shrill lemain in the owncislnp
of said company, may be taken possess,on ot by tin; Sec-
retary ot*the Treasmy for the u^o and henefitof the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the eighth
section of the bill, on page 14, by striking out all
after the word " the," in the third line, down to
and including the word " point," in the ninth lin£,
and inserting the words "Missouri river," and
inserting after the word " State," in the tenth line,
" between the thirty-ninth and forty-thiid degrees
of north latitude;" so that the section will lead:
That the line of said railioad and telegraph shall com-
mence at a point on the Missouri river, to be fixed by the
President of rhe UintedSttues,between the thirty-ninth and
forty-thiid degrees of iiotili latitude ; Uicnccruumng west-
eilyupon the moit diiect, central, and practicable route,
through the Teinf oiios ot the Ifmted State*, to the western
boundary of the Temtoiy of Nevada, theio to meet and con-
nect with the line of the Central Pacific Iiaihoad Company
of California.
Then, if that should be adopted, I shall propose
as a proviso to the section:
Provided. That the point selected on the Missouri river
shall not be fixed within the limits of the State of Kansas
except by the consent of said State to its sck etion thci om.
and to the. constiuetion of said railioad liom said point
through the limits of said State, as provided in tins act.
178
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois will be read at
the desk.
Mr. TRUMBULL, t have stated what the
amendment is, and peihaps can state distinctly to
the Senate, or to such of them as shall think proper
to listen to me, what the object is. My design is
this: to have one road from the Missouri river to
the eastern boundary of California, and to get rid
of all the branches. If the amendment that I pro-
pose should be adopted, the road, instead of com-
mencing on the one hundredth meridian of west
longitude, will commence on the Missouri river,
and that will dispense, necessarily, with any oc-
casion for the branches,as the branches which this
bill provides for are to reach from the Missouri
river to the point which is to be selected 011 the
one hundredth meridian.
Sir, I have been for a Pacific railroad; I believe
the people of the United States are in favor of the
construction of a great road across the continent;
but I have never been for the construction of half
a dozen or four Pacific railroads, or four branches
of the Pacific railroad. Why is it, let me aslc,
that we are to build twelve hundred miles of road
more than is necessary to reach across the conti-
nent? Is not the distance far enough; isnottheen-
terprise large enough; is not the amount of money
required to construct the road largo enough, with-
out undertaking to add more than one thousand
miles to the length of the road ? Why is it, then,
that this bill provides for the construction of a
branch from Sioux City to the point of beginning,
a distance of some three hundred miles; the con-
struction of another branch some sixty or ninety
miles south of Sioux City, on the Missouii river,
to the place of beginning, a distance of some three
hundred miles; the construction ofanother branch
from near St. Joseph, and another from Kansas
City5 Why the necessity for these four roads
running a distance of some three hundred miles
each, in all some one thousand two hundred miles
to the point of beginning on the one hundredth
meridian of west longitude? I will tell you, sir:
simply to accommodate the local interests of cer-
tain railroads, and nothing else; that is all there is
to it.
Is this great country, which has been demand-
ing a railroad to the Pacific ocean, to construct,
in order to accommodate the local convenience of
certain railroad companies or certain localities,
four roads of three hundred miles each, or about
that distance, making some twelve hundred miles
of unnecessary road, and to pay $16,01)0 a mile
out of the Ti easui y for every nnle of these roads,
making $20,000,000 that we are to pay to these
branch loads? I am willing to grant the public
lands for the construction of laihuads almost any-
where where they may be called for, where we
have public lands; but I am unwilling to vote
$20,000,000 out of the Treasury of the United
States,as I think unnecessarily, to accomplish this
great object. But for these local interests, there
never would have been an attempt to make the
four roads—for that is what it is; and 1 do not
think the country demands these four roads. I
think we should lay aside all this local feeling,
and allow the road to start from the Missouii
liver, and in order to accommodate the Kansas
interests 1 have said between the thirty-ninth and
forty-third degrees of north latitude. Those two
points will embrace every one of your four
branches. All the four branches are between the
forty-third and thirty-ninth parallels of north lat-
itude. if this amendment shall be adopted, there-
fore, the road will start from the Missouri river,
somewhere between these two points, at a point
to be selected by the President of the United
States; and he, of course, would select it on 111-
foimation to be acquired by the actual surveys
and examinations of the country.
I do not wish to take up time in regard to this
proposition. 1 wili remark, however, that the
northern boundary of Kansas is on the fortieth
parallel of latitude, and in case the points selected
should be below that on the Missouri nver, it
would be necessary, in my opinion, to have the
consent of the State of Kansas to the construction
of the road; and hence I have added a proviso that
if the point selected should be south of the fortieth
parallel, then the consent of the State of Kansas
is to be obtained, which would no doubt be readily
given. It seems to me that all these interests
ought to consent to this. They all contend that
they have the best line of railroad. They will tell
you on the lino from Dubuque to Sioux City that
that is the line for a Pacific railroad, that it should
connect with that; they will tell you on the line
through central Iowa that that is the way to the
Pacific ocean; they will tell you on the Hannibal
and St. Joseph road that that is the one that should
be extended to the Pacific; and so they will tell
you in Kansas, that the way to the Pacific ocean
is up the valley of the Republican river. Now,
sir, let one route be selected and all these other
roads will unite with it. There will be no trouble
about that. It will be a struggle between them to
see which shall make the first connection, and
private enterprise and the capital that is now in-
vested in these great lines of railroad reachingout
from the Atlantic will connect at once with the
main stem that is to run from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean. I presume I am understood
by such of the Senators as have thought proper
to listen to what 1 have said, and that is all I
desire.
Mr. TEN" EYCIC. I wish merely to say that
I shall favor the amendment as proposed by the
Senator from Illinois. I tlnnk, sir, that we should
all advocate the construction of a. main road across
the continent, and that idea is the grand one which
has occupied the attention of the country for years.
The section of country from which I come have
not contemplated the idea of building local roads
for the benefit of different States or Territories, or
building a series of railroads in order to effect this
grand'object. I think the Government should
lend its aid for the construction of the grand trunk
railway, and there I think its aid should cease.
I shall vote for this proposition, and as I do not
mean to occupy the time of the Senate on this
subject further, 1 wish to say, that it may go upon
the record, that if this amendment should not be
carried I think I shall favor two branches at this
end of aPaciftc railroad, one turningup north and
the other turning down south, so that the different
sections of the western portions of our Union may
have facilities for reaching the grand trunk, and
the people living in those sections of the country,
who are not so full of capital, perhaps, as the more
anciently settled portion of the Union are, may
have the aid of the Government in that particular.
But, sir, I cannot vote for a measuie—at least I
do not think I can—which, in addition to pledging
sixty or 0110 hundred millions of Government
funds to effect this grand object, also pledges the
funds of the Government to the extent of fifteen
or twenty millions more for the construction of
four or five different railroads lateral to the main
branch, each one of which is from four to five times
longer than the longest railroad we have in the
State from which I come. The people of my State,
and I apprehend the people of all the old Stales in
this Union, will not toleiate such a disposition of
the public funds as that. At all events, I do not
feel disposed orjustified in voting for a proposition
which willinvolveall these consequences; and yet,
sir, no man feclsadeeperinterestoragreaterpride
in thegrowing prosperity and advancement of the
giant West than I do, and no man will go further
Than I will in older to assist them 111 that progress,
111 the development of that system of civilization
and improvement in which they have been en-
gaged for the last few yeais.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Illinois has
made a statement, which is not correct, 111 relation
to the amount of money that will be necessary to
build these branches, in overstating the length of
the contemplated branches themselves. He speaks
of the bill, as did the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] yesterday, as it came to the Senate from
the House, and assumes that the branch roads
contemplated will be about twelve hjiflflred miles
long 111 the aggregate.
