1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to move that the
committee appointed by the House to inquire into
the conduct of the war be discharged from the
further consideration of that .subject. I think,
after the news wc have received this morning, that
we might relieve them from any further duties in
that regard.
Mr. GOOCH. I decline to yield,as I presume
the gentleman, in making that statement, has ac-
complished the object he had in view.
I now appeal to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Wickliffe] to withdraw his motion to refer
this resolution for the appointment of a stenogra-
pher for the committee on the conduct of the war
to the Military Committee, ill order that I may
offer an amendment. I pledge mystlf to renew
his motion.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What is the amendment?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish to make an ap-
peal to the gentleman from Massachusetts. The
House is certainly not iti a condition to hear the
gentleman's very able speech; and I suggest that
he postpone it, and that we go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, and
let gentlemen speak about whatever they choose.
Mr. GOOCH. I will say 
Mr. WASH BURN E. The news is too good.
Mr. GOOCH. Instead of the gentleman frofii
Massachusetts having a very able speech to make,
he has no speech at all to make, and desires to
occupy the attention of the House for only a few
moments.
Mr. MALLORY. J rise to a question of order.
I made a motion recently, and 1 wish to inquire
if that motion was not in order, as an amendment
to the pending motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman from Massachusetts
yielded to any such motion.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman from Kentucky
will remember that I only yielded to hear his
motion.
Mr. WIOKLIFFE. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment now. •
Mr. GOOCH. My amendment is to strike out
the words " out of any money 111 the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated," and insert " by the
Secretary of the Senate out of the money already
appropriated to meet the expenses of said com-
mittee."
I desire to say on that point, that the House
has already made an appropriation sufficient to
cover, and more than sufficient to cover, the ex-
penses of the committee, and we prefer that the
stenographer should be paid out of the money
thus appropriated instead of taking other money
from the Treasury.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suppose the committee,
as a matter of course, are to have a stenographer,
no matter where the money comes from, and 1
have no objection to his offering that amendment
if he will icnew my motion.
Mr. GOOCH. I will. I offer the amendment
and renew the motion.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to yield that I may make the motion I in-
dicated?
Mr. GOOCH. I prefer not to yield for that
purpose. The resolution on which the debate
arose 011 Friday is a resolution from the Senate
providing for a stenographer for the committee on
the conduct of the war. It will be remembered,
that early in the session a motion was made in
the Senate to appoint a committee to inquire into
the disasters of our Army at Bull Run and Ball's
Bluff. Subsequently it was proposed, by means
of amendments, that the Held of inquiry by the
committee should be enlarged. And still later,
sir, a resolution was introduced, which was finally
passed by the Senate, and concurred 111 by the
House, appointing a committee to inquiie into
the conduct of the war, with power to send for
persons and papers. Now, sir, that committee
proceeded immediately to the discharge ot its du-
ties. It commenced its sessions as soon as the
committee was announced 011 the part of the
House. It continued 111 session during the holi-
days, working all the time each day, it I remem-
ber right, and it has been in session almost every
day since that time.
If, Mr. Speaker, there is any charge to be made
against the committee,it cannot be non-feasance;
it must be malfeasance ; and I am somewhat
at a loss to understand whether the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr.Wickliffe,] in the remarks
which lie made on Friday, intended to criticise
the action of Congress in appointing that com-
mittee, or to censure the committee for the man-
ner in which it has discharged the duties assigned
it by the House. But, on reading somewhatcare-
fully the remarks which he did make, I came to
the conclusion that they covered both points—
that, in the first place, Congress was censured for
constituting the committee; and that, in the second
place, the committee was censured for the manner
in which it had discharged the duties assigned to
it by the Senate and House.
It is not necessary, perhaps, that I should say
one word in vindication of the action of the Sen-
ate and House in constituting that committee. I
think that the debate on Friday demonstrated the
necessity of inquiries such as your committee has
been and is engaged in making. I think that that
debate demonstrated to the country that it is the
duty of Congress, when statements are made on
this floor affecting the character of men high in
position, and who are responsible for what did
happen on the occasion referred to, to make such
investigations as would show whether there was
any good foundation for the statements. I think
it is the duty of the House to ascertain and put on
record the facts in reference to this transaction, so
that the part which every man did perform may
be fully known and clearly understood. The
charge has been made over and over again that
members of the Senate and House and other civil-
ians were, in a great measure, responsible for the
disaster to our arms at Bull Run; that they were
present and contiibuted by their action on that
occasion to the rout of our army. As those state-
ments have been made here, I believe it proper
that the matter should be investigated,and thatit
should be ascertained and determined whether any
member of the House or any member of the Sen-
ate did, in any way, interfere with the proceed-
ings of our militaiy officers on that occasion, so
as"to render themselves at all responsible for the
result.
I now propose to the gentleman fromKentucky,
I"Air. Wickliffe,] and to every other gentleman
heie who has made any such assertion, and to
every man who chooses to avail himself of the
offer, to bring before the committee, if it continue
in existence, any respectable man knowing any
facts beating on that question, and the matter shall
be fully and thoroughly investigated. I say still
further to the gentleman from Kentucky, and to
others, that unless they avail themselves of the
offer and produce the testimony on which their
statements 1 est, they are hound to hold then'peace
011 this subject.
Now, sir, I desire to say a few words in refer-
ence to the manner in which the committee has
'performed its duties. The committee entered 011
the peiforiuanee of its duties as soon as it came
iiito existence. I know not on what authority the
gentleman fiom Kentucky rests the allegations
winch he made last Fnday, and I will yield to him
most cheerfully that he may state his authority to
the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The statement which I
made was, that the commander-in-chief had been
before the committee, and was questioned as to the
manner in which he carried on the war, and that
he made an answer which satisfied me. Thegen-
tlemau from Massachusetts knows whether that
is true or not.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman on what
authority he learned that fact?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Do you deny its truth ?
Mr. GOOCH. I ask you by what authority
you make that statement?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And I ask you, do you
deny the fact'
Mr. GOOCH. I presume that the gentleman
made that statement on what we all saw—a news-
paper palagraph. I am peifectly free to say,
because it is known of all men,^that the general
commanding the Army of the United States did
appear before the committee, not by summons,
hut by invitation; and I am Iree to say still fur-
ther, that I think this House has too much lespect
for the men who constitute that committee to sup-
pose that they asked him any questions respecting
the conduct of the war which he had the least ob-
jection to answer, or that they made a single in-
quiry of linn 111 reference to his plans or purposes,
01- that they took his testimony 111 any form what-
ever. That they did have an interview with him
—agreeable to both parties I believe—is trnet but
that they called him before them as a witness, is
not true. • ■■
I have stated this niach, because the gentleman
from Kentucky put the question to me. I now
know the foundation of all the gentleman's alle-
gations against the committee. I apprehend' that
no man will question tho propriety of an inter-
view between the general commanding' and' a
committee to inquire into the conduct of the War.
Now, sir, I have heard an allegation that this
was a star chamber committee. If it is meftut
by that to insinuate that this committee had taken
any testimony affecting any man, without giving
that man a full and fair opportunity to answer
any charge made against lnm,the charge is utterly
without foundation. I trust the members of this
committee have too much self-respect, and tot)
much respect for the body that appointed it, to
pursue such a course.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Does the gentleman say
that I used that expression?
Mr. GOOCH. I am not certain that it was
used by the gentleman, but I heard it used.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Did you hear me use it?
Mr. GOOCH. I do not know. I say I heard
the expression used on Friday. I do not find
it reported in the Globe. Now, sir, there wasan-
other allegation made here the other day against
the committee, that it was a secret committee.
So far as that charge goes, we plead guilty. There
have been present at investigations of the com-
mittee only the persons necessary for the carry-
ing on of its business. The committee deemed it
its duty t<i keep secret whatever was comrnuni-
cated to it by witnesses. They did not suppoSe
that they should make revelations to individuals
or to newspapers, or that the members of the
Xlouse should be called upon to read tho pro-
ceedings of one of its committees in the news-
papers, in advance of their report to the body
which constituted it. To that allegation the com-
mittee will plead guilty. And, in my judgment,
they are guilty of succeeding in that respect as
well as any committee ever appointed by this
body, or by any other legislative body. I have
not seen, as yet, in the newspapers,a single item
in reference to the proceedings of the committee,
so far as the testimony is concerned, or any mat-
ter that has transpired in the committee room,
that amounted to even respectable guessing.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I used the partic-
ular phrase to which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts alludes. I spoke of the committee as a
secret committee; but I was very far from intend-
ing the construction which the gentleman has put
upon it. 1 believe, with the gentleman, that the
committee acts properly in keeping its proceed-
ings secret until they are reported to the House.
Mr. GOOCH. I may have misinterpreted the
remark of the gentleman from Missouri.
Now, sir, there is still another allegation against
the committee, and-also against the Senate and the
House. Itis.that tho committee or Congress had
usurped, or intended to usurp, the prerogatives
of the Executive. I know of no such intent on
the part'of the committee or of Congress. Every
man knows that while tile different branches of
tins Government work together energetically and
harmoniously it is the strongest, most powerful
form of government on earth. But, sir, when the
legislative branch does not cordially and earnestly
sup port the Executive, or when the Executive fails
faithfully to execute and enforce the enactments
of the legislature, or when the judiciary uses its
power to defeat the legitimate action of the other
branches, it becomes weak and impotent. Legis-
lature, judiciary, and Executive are each parts of
the common whole; and while each is to a certain
extent independent in its action, the concurrent
action of all is requisite to the exercise of the pow-
ers of the Government. And, sir, no man wishes
that one branch of this Government should usurp
tkc powers ofanyother; no man desires that Con-
gress should usurp any of the powers of the Execu-
tive, or in any way interfere, with any of the powers
of the Executive. But I trust at this time every
man does desire that all the branches of the Gov-
ernment shall work together energetically and har-
moniously. I do not concur with the gentleman
from Kentucky, that in a crisis like this, Congress
has done its whole duty when it has voted the men
and the money to carry on the war. I behove that
