852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
it, is the duty of Congress to be in session, and the
duty of every man to be in his placc, to contribute
by legislation, and in any legitimate way possible,
to strengthen and uphold the arm of the Executive,
in his efforts to put down this rebellion. I thinlc,
sir, that it is especially desirable that there should
be the most intimate and cordial relations between
Congress antFthe Executive at this time, so that the
President shall feel that he can, at any moment, ask
Congress to clothe him. with any and all legiti-
mate power necessary to crush this rebellion; and,
sir, it is equally necessary that Congress should
repose full and entire confidence in the Execu-
tive; and any man who would wish to interrupt
this harmony between Congress and the Execu-
tive, or destroy this confidencc, would be the worst
kind of a traitor.
1 do notknow thatthegentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Wickliffe] intended to make any charge or
reflection against the committee on the conduct of
the war in this respect, but if he did, I can assure
him that tjhe relations of the committee with the
President and Secretary of War and all the officers
of the Cabinetare of the most cordial nature. And
I can also assure him that the committee desire
that the officers and men of the Army shall go into
the field of battle feeling that they are supported
and sustained by every branch, yea, by every man
connected with every branch of the Government;
yea, more, shall go into the field feeling that they
ure to be supported and sustained in defeat as well
asin victory, if they do their duty bravely and well.
Sir, in my judgment, .one of the worst conse-
quences of the battle of Bull Run has been the con-
stant injunction to your generals not to fight until
they were sure of victory. The generai-who never
risks a battle never wins one.
I trust, sir, that we shall lose no more battles;
but I say here to-day that I believe we can lose a
score of battles, and yet crush'out finally, effect-
ually, and speedily this rebellion, if we only put
the brave officers and soldiers now in the field
against the enemy. Roanoke, Bowling Green,
Fort Henry, and Fort Donelson are only the be-
ginning of the chapter which is to be the last in
the history of this rebellion.
Sir, I feel authorized to say that this committee,
composed as it is of men from every section of the
cou ntry, have, from the outset, been a unit in every-
thing they have attempted or undertaken. And I
feel authorized still further to state that, if there is
any one sentiment in which they are more earn-
estly and cordially united than all else, it is that
fighting, and only fighting, will ciusli this rebel-
lion4, and the sooner it can be done the hotter.
I think that the last obstacle in the way of crush-
ing this rebellion is now removed or surmounted.
The men who have believed the true policy to be to
bring large armies into the field, and makeadisplay
of power and f'oice to enable negotiation, compro-
mise, or diplomacy to reconstruct the Government
without bloodshed, are cither converted or over-
ruled, and henceforth I believe that we shall go
forward determined that the Constitution shall be
maintained without alteration or amendment, the
laws enforced, the Union preserved, and the last
vestige of rebellion wiped out, cost what it may
of treasure or of blood.
Now, if there is any department in which this
committee have felt a deeper interest than any
other, it is the department in which the gentleman
from Kentucky is especially interested; and if
there is anything which that gentleman can sug-
gest to this committee that can be done by them
in any way to strengthen and uphold the men
with whom he is identified, whom he represents,
they will most cordially give him their services.
There is no man in this House who does notknow,
and who has not all along known, that from the
very necessity of the case, a stenographer must
be employed by the committee.
This resolution passed the Senate weeks ago.
I have made several ineffectual attempts to reach
the business on the Speaker's table for the purpose
of action on it in the House. But the committee
did not deem that the House would require them to
abstain from action until that resolution had been
passed, and therefore they immediately employed
a stcnogiaphcr and entered upon their duties.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask for the previous ques-
tion upon the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to withdraw his demand
for the previous question to enable me to make a
personal explanation in connection with my re-
marks on this matter on Friday.
Mr. GOOCH. I will withdraw the demand for
the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, i stated on Friday,
in reply to some remarks made upon the other
side of the House, that the knowledge or informa-
tion that General Johnston had escaped from Win-
chester and had eluded General Patterson was
communicated to the general commanding here
on Friday afternoon, or Friday night, or at latest
on Saturday. I also stated, in that connection,
that General Patterson had sent a dispatch to that
effect. That, however, was not important; the
point on which I wished to insist was not that
General Patterson had sent the dispatch; the point
I wanted to bring out was in reply to allegations
which threw the result of that battle, and the re-
sponsibility of the defeat, upon others than the
generals commanding the army at that time. We
all know that in July last the whole odium of that
defeat was attempted to be thrown upon what was
known as the "On to Richmond cHque,sconnected
with the Government, embracing Congressmen
and others.
In July last, or on the 1st of August, when I
first spoke upon the subjectinthis House,for the
purpose of putting that responsibility where it
belonged, I stated what I knew to be a fact, and
reiterated that fact on Friday last, that the gen-
eralsin the command of the Army knew that Gen-
.eral Johnston had eluded General Patterson, and
left Winchester to reinforce General Beauregard
at Manassas.
That is what I said; but it seems that gentlemen
upon the other side were so full of some secret
they had got in committee that they at once raised
this side issue with me as to whether General Pat-
terson sent the dispatch himself or not.
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentleman will permit
me to interrupt him, I desire to say that, so far
as I am concerned, I desire to raise no issue with
him so far as the main question is concerned as to
this information being rcceivcd by the authorities
here. I did, however, desire to corrcct the gentle-
man in reference to his statement that General
Patterson furnished this information.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I believed at the time
that this information had conic direct from Gen-
eral Patterson to the general in command here;
but that General Scott received the information
there is no earthly doubt. Nor is there any doubt
that the President suggested to General Scott the
propriety of waiting for General Patterson's army
in order to support the column of General Mc-
Dowell. I have no doubt of that fact, for I have
knowledge of it. It is of no importance whether
General Patterson sent the information or not; but
it appears from the letter which I hold in my hand
that I am correct, and that General Patterson did
send a dispatch to General Scott on the subject.
I received the letter from a gentlemen with whom
I am very well acquainted, and I will read it for
the information of the House:
WashingrON, Febiuary 17, 1862.
My Dear Colonel: I indole a copy ot'u dispute h, winch
lias been lorwaulod to me h> Geueial Patte^on ; it, as well
as my own lecolleetiou, fully confirms the statement made
by juu in the House tliat General Patterson, on the 20th of
July, communicated to the headquarters of the Army at
Washington the intelligence that Johnston had, with a por-
tion of his force, left Winchester by the road to Millwood.
Thia dispatch was given iu evident e before the investi-
gating committee, as appears by its record.
General Patterson's force at Martinsbuig was eighteen
thousand two bundled men.
The only point in which, permit me to pay, I do notagreo
with your remailc^ m the House is in impugning the per-
sonal courage of General Patterson. Those who weie with
him in the afi'au ntD.ime«,v jile can testify to his leadiness
to expose himself to danger.
Veiy yinceicly yours, CRAIG BIDDLE.
Headquarters Department Pennsylvania,
Ciiarlestown. Virginia, July 20, lb8i.
With a portion of Ins force, Johnston left Winchester by
the load to Millwood on the altetnoon of the 18th. ilis
whole foice about thhty-five thousand two hundred.
II. PATTERSON".
Major General Commanding.
Colonel E. d. Townsend, A. Jl. G., U. S. A.,
Wubhiagtvn, D. C.
It will be noticed that that dispatch is dated the
20th day of July, 1861. I now desiie to reiterate,
whatever information the gentlemen of the com-
mittee may have m regard to this matter, that I
did not mean to make an issue with the committee
as to whether this information came from General
Patterson or not. As I remarked on Saturday
last, I thought that General Patterson had at least
done that much of his duty. That information
was published in the newspapers. The President
heard of it, and went to General Scott and sug-
gested delay until General Patterson 'sforces could
be brought up to General McDowell's assistance,
to support him in his proposed assault upon Ma-
nassas. I have this from the best sources. I know
that it is true. I can vouch for its accuracy.
Mr. STEVENS. Ifmy recollection serves me,
it was reported in the papers, and I wish to know
from the gentleman whether I am correct, thatGen-
eral Scott stated in the presence of the Cabinet,
that this battle was fought against his judgment
and against his wishes. Now, was that declara-
tion correct ?
Mr. CK.ITTENDEN. I did not hear that ques-
tion, and I hope that the gentleman will repeat it.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to know from the
gentleman from Missouri, as I suppose he knows,
whether the statement made in the papers and by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
upon this floor was correct. I understand that
the gentleman from Illinois stated he was present
when General Scott declared to the Cabinet and
the President that the battle of Bull Run had been
fought against his wishes and his judgment, and
tinder instructions from higher authority, and that
he deserved to be dismissed from the Army in
having yielded his judgment to those above him.
Is that true ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In addition to that
the gentleman from Illinois stated, in reply to a.
question which I put to him, that the President
asked General Scott whether he had given him
any such orders, and that General Scott disclaimed
it in the most emphatic manner, then and there.
It will not do for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to state a portion of what took place. He ought
to state all that transpired.
Mr. STEVENS. I am the partisan of no one.
I did not rise for the purpose of vindicating any-
body. I only wished to know whether I was cor-
rect in my understanding of what had taken place.
Did General Scott state that that battle had been
fought against his judgment and wishes, and upon
pressure from others? I wish to know whether
that is corrcct or not.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman said
that lie had been forced to'fight that battle against
his judgment by the highest authority.
Mr. STEVENS. I understood the gentleman .
from Illinois to say that the pressure upon Gen-
eral Scott had proceeded from those who were
higher in authority to him.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman's
recollection is correct so far as his statement goes;
but it is incorrect in omitting a portion of what
occurred at that interview. The President appealed
to General Scott to say whether he had urged him
into that battle prematurely, and General Scott
frankly admitted that he had not.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman does not un-
derstand me. I understood that General Scott
declared that that battle had been fought against
his wishes and his judgment. The gentleman
from Missouri states that the battle was fought
by General Scott against the protest of the Pres-
ident. Which is correct?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In reply to the
President, General Scott stated that the President
had not urged him to fight that battle. I know
that the President suggested to General Scott, when
he ascertained that General Johnston had eluded
General Patterson, that he should delay his attack
upon Manassas until General Patterson's forces
could be brought up, but in that lie was overruled
by Genera! Scott. I have made this statement
more than once, and in reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania I now make it again.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, when this dis-
cussion came up on Friday last I took no part in
it; but as it is now resumed I will make a single
statement. General Patterson has kindred in my
district—a brother and sister, and others more re-
motely connccted. I was in that part of the coun-
try up to arid after the battle of Bull Run, and it
was reported there by the secessionists that Gen-
eral Patterson had written a letter to his relatives
in Tennessee, stating that in thia controversy his
sympathies were all with the South, and that, in
their opinion, he would never be found fighting
against the troops of the South. That statement
was frankly made there by the secessionists,and
