2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Mr TRUMBULL. I have not made the com-
putation myself. I have been informed by a gen-
tleman who examined these branch roads that
they would be twelve hundred and forty miles
long:.
Mr. HARLAN. As the bill came from th-e
House, 1 think that statement is nearly correct;
but as the bill now stands, as amended in the Sen-
ate, these branch roads cannot be over two hun-
dred miles each, on an average. The Sioux City
branch need not, I think, exceed one hundred and
thirty or one hundred and forty miles, but will not
exceed one hundred and fifty, I think, at the out-
side. It will be less than two hundred.
Mr. McDOUGALL. if the Senator will allow
me, the Sioux City branch will be about one hun-
dred and fifteen miles.
Mr. HARLAN. About one hundred and fif-
teen miles, the chairman of the committee informs
me. I said yesterday that in the aggregate the
three branches could not exceed, on an average,
two hundred miles; that is, six hundred miles in
the aggregate. Then the Hannibal road is author-
ized to build a branch road, not exceeding one
hundred miles, from St. Joseph; but as the bill is
amended, it provides that the road shall go by
Atchison; and the road is already completed, as
I understand, from St. Joseph, in Missouri, to
the town of Atchison, a distance of some twenty
miles, which will diminish that branch to eighty
But taking that at the largest, it would be but
seven hundred miles in the aggregate. Then the
Senator proposes that the muni trunk shall com-
mence on the Missouri river, which will take the
place of one of those branches, and consequently
diminish the whole line two hundred miles more;
so that the cost of the road to be built, as the bill
now stands, over and above what is contemplated
by the Senator in his amendment, would fall un-
der five hundred miles, and consequently the ex-
cess of money or the excess of bonds to be loaned
to these roads would be far less than the Senator
stated. I think ho mentioned twenty millions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ten.
Mr. HARLAN. It would be less than ten.
Seven hundred miles would amount to about
eleven millions, as seven hundicd times $16,000
amounts to $11,200,000; but diminished by the
considerations L have named, it would fall far be-
low this. 1 wish the Senate, in voting on this
proposition, to vote on the proposition uself, and
not on an exaggerated statement, as made by the
Senator.
I will venture to repeat the reason for these
branches. I have been informed by a gentleman
who owns large interests in my State that he and
his friends now own over forty millions of money,
or of railroad property invested m that line of road
and its connections east. There are four of these
lines that cross, or now contemplate crossing, and
are intended to cross the State of Iowa. There are
over forty millions of property owned by these few
individuals in but one of these roads. As I men-
tioned yesteiday, the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road is but a link tn a long line of roads, in which,
as stated by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Brown-
ing] yesterday, has been invested many millions
more of money. So in the line of roads that are
intended to form the connection at the mouth of the
Kansas river. Now, if you touch the Missouri
river at one point, arid one point alone, with this
Pacific railroad, and afford the credit of the Gov-
ernment to assist in its construction, you thereby
enhance the value of the capital invested in that
line of roads, and depieciate in a corresponding
degiee tlie capital invested in each one of theuval
roads. And on that point I wish to say to Sen-
ators who represent the old States that in voting,
if they .should vote for this proposition of theSen-
ator from Illinois, they vote against their own
constituents as much as they vote against mine,
or against those of any of us. This capital is not
owned by the people living in Iowa or m Kansas.
We are locally mteiested merely so far as we may
enjoy the convenience of these roads. The cap- !
ital is not owned by the people that I represent, i
except to a very small amount. The capital in |
the Hannibal and St. Joseph road, as I under- !
stand, is owned very largely in the State of Mas- !
sachusetts and in the city of Boston. The capita! i
in one of the lines of road in my State, to which
I have just referred, is owned very largely in the
city of New York aod m the State of New York; |
and so it is in relation to all these various rival 1
lines of road; the capital is owned by the people
of the old States. The local convenience will be
on the Mississippi river, and that will be for the
advantage of the people residing in the vicinity of
these roads.
I think it would be wrong for a great nation to
invest fifty or more million dollars in an enter-
prise, and so invest that money as to necessarily
depreciate hundreds of millions of capital already
invested in similar enterprises, when by advan-
cing the credit of the Government to a very small
amount, this capital may not be depreciated, and
when all these companies, and thegentlemen who
are represented by these companies, and their
money may be put on a platform of equality, and
an equilibrium be secured. It does seem to me
it is the duty of the nation, in legislating for a
great national enterprise, to look to some extent
to the immense amount of capital that will be de-
stroyed, ruined, if they should legislate in one
direction, that may be preserved if they were to
vary their proposition but slightly. The excess
of bonds that are to be issued, which is but a loan
of the Government to these companies, will be so
trivial, speaking of it in a comparative view, that
it does seem to me to be the duty of Congress to
provide for these connections. If we are voting
more bonds per mile than is necessary, reduce the
amount of money; but give these parties the right
to make their connection without embai rassnu-nt
and without depreciating the capital they have
ahead v invested. If any one will take the trouble
to look at the map, they will see, if this connec-
tion should he formed with the main tiunk line
on the thnty-ninth parallel, at the mouth of the
Kansas river, or a little above, at the termination
of the St. Joseph and Hannibal railroad, other
railroad interests will have to build for a distance
of three or four hundred miles in order to secure
any advantage whatever ftom this main trunk line;
and it is for the purpose of securing this equilib-
rium of interests, held by gentlemen who have
been struggling to build railroads from the At-
lantic to the Mississippi river, that induces me to
vote agamsf the Senator's proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my honorable friend
allow mo to inqun e, as he has looked into the fig-
ures, how many miles of railroad will have to be
built to build these branches more than would
have to be built if you build one main line through
to the Missouri river?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will give thegentleman
the figures, if the Senator fiom Iowa will allow
me. 1 have the figures on my desk, prepared
carefully.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire that information.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Four hundred and ten
miles, which probably may be reduced fifteen
miles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, if I understand the
case exactly, it is this: we propose to give $12,000
a mile in bonds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Sixteen thousand dollars
a rrule.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Reserving in the Treasury
$4,000 per mile until the road is built to the Pa-
cific. In the fiist instance, we puit with $12,000
per mile, and that onlv on this extra amount of
road. If the amount of road is four hundiod and
fifty miles, we part with our bonds to the amount
of $5,200,000; and by doing this, as I understand
it, the e licet will be to combine the interests of all
the great railroad systems running across the East
and Westand Northand South,and make utheir
interest to join in carrying through the mam hoe;
and if they cairy it tiuough, then we deliver the
other $4,000 per mile. Now, Mr. President, if we
are to build this road, my opinion is that this
amount of §5,000,001) of bonds-which we should
loan to these roads to enable them to gather their
forces together to go upon the main stem will be
the most economical expenditure we can make in
the building of the Pacific railroad. I understand
that to be the whole amount. I undeitake to say
that to build a Pacific railroad, unless you can
combine the railroad interests to push it on, is an
•impossibility.
While 1 am on the floor, I beg to say that it was
for tins reason that I made so h<ud a sttu^rgle as
I did the other day to retain ftom these roads
^,000 per mile of these S16.000 of bonds. ] de-
sued to let them have but <>8,000 per mile; for my
opinion then was, they would build all these lines
of road to the point of departure with the $8,000
per mile paid down at the time. Then we would
hold in the Treasury this iaige bonus of $8,000
per mile more to make it their interest and to in-
duce them to engage in the great work of crossing
the continent, which, I undertake to say, is the
most gigantic work that was ever performed by
man on the face of the earth, so far as any mate-
rial work is concerned in the development of the
world; there is nothing like it. Rut the Senate
thought otherwise. They thought that retaining
one fourth of these bonds would be a sufficient
security, and a sufficient bonus to them to engage
in the work. The Senate have decided againstme
on that point, and 1 shall sustain the bill as it
stands.
Mr. POMEROY. I only wish to saya word in
reply to the rental k of the Senator fi om Illinois, that
these branches were only for the benefit of mere
local interests along the line of the Missouri river.
Admitting that for a moment, I say that has been
the policy of the Government from the beginning.
Not a new State has come into the Union that ha9
not had aid from the Government in building her
railroads. The branches in this bill, as they are
termed by the Senator from Illinois, are in States
or Territories that have received no benefit from
the Government, and have had none of the appro-
priations that the new States have had. Our State,
to be sure, has been in the Union a year, but we
have not ashed, as a State, for one acre of public
la nds, or one dollar in money .content ing om selves
with an appropriation of this character. To Iowa,
Missouri, and other new western States, the Gov-
ernment lias been liberal, lavish I may say, m
appropriations. The Territory of Nebraska has
two of these branches. Whathas this Government
done for Nebraska? Nothing on eatth. There-
fore, 1 say, admitting thear&umentof the Senator
from Illinois, that these branches areonly to pio-
mote the local interests in that vicinity, it is only
in keeping, in luumony with the policy of the
Government from the beginning. The statement
of the Senator as to these branches being twelve
hundred miles in length, and involving an ex-
penditure of twenty millions, is very extiavagant,
and so very far from the fact that 1 think the Sen-
ate will vote in view of the bill rather than in view
of that speech.
I only want to add here that the interests, not
only of that locality, but of all the States and of
the various railroads from the Atlantic have been
piomoted, compromised, and conceded in this ar-
rangement. If the bill is to go through at all at
this session and become a law, I do not see how it
can become a law without the interests being con-
sulted that are provided form this bill. The Sen-
ntorproposes to leave the railroad floating between
four degrees of latitude, to be decided by the Pies-
ldent, as if he knew better how to locate a road
than the Senate or Congiess; as if he had time to
attend to it; as if it was our business to legislate, and
then leave it to the President to decide. 1 think
the policy is wrong. I think the provisions m this
bill are eminently just and proper.
Mr. LATHAM, i hope the vote will be taken,
and upon it I call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be taken as soon as debate is suspended. It
I is not in the power of the Chair to restrict debate.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays,
: though.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word in
regard to the length of these ioads. I have not
attempted myself to measure them. I am aware
that they cannot be accurately measured. The
ij Sftiator from Wisconsin takes the lowest estimate
| that has been made, takes three fourths of the
I amount of bonds we appropriate and makes his
| argument noon that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my friend will allow
me, while the Senator from California stated that
| he computed it at four hundred and fifteen miles,
] I assumed it to be four hundred and fifty miles,
jj Mr. TRUMBULL. I was infoi med by a gen-
\ tieman who had examined the bill in reference to
|f the length of the branches that the distance was
1: about one thousand two hundi ed and foi ty miles;
1: the Senator from W i scons in says the Senator f om
;' California puis it at four hundi ed and fifteen. That
" is a \ety great discrepancy, 1 admit. I made my
statement on the information I had deiived ftom
a gentleman who had examined it. Now, theSen-
il ator from California does not know, nor does my
