1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
tors. As against them, we are possessed of every
belligerent right, as fully as if they were an inde-
pendent nation levying: war against us; and we
are also possessed of all the rights of a legitimate
sovereign against traitors in armed revolt. Their
properly cannot be reached, because they arc citi-
zens, and entitled to the protection of the Consti-
tution !
"No person shall be deprived of life, liberty,
or property, without due process of law;" that is,
without proceedings according to the course of the
common law. How grossly we violate the Con-
stitution in shooting down these citizen traitors!
There can be no mistake. The violation of the
Constitution is most palpable. We take the lives
of these citizensand brothers without due process
of law. How absurd is all this. Those in rebel-
lion are both traitors and public enemies, and arc
amenable to the laws provided against both. An
alien enemy, whose property is found among us,
having never himself borne arms against the coun-
try, this property we seize and forfeit; but if his
allegiance were due to us, if he had sworn to sup-
port and defend the Constitution, and then wick-
edly perjured himself, if he had borne commission
in rebel armies, and devoted his all to the over-
throw of the Government, we cannot take and
forfeit his property; it is under the aegis of the
Constitution, and must be used only in the service
of the rebellion ! The very point 1 am now con-
sidering was recently befoie the United States dis-
trict court for Massachusetts.
The Amy Warwick was captured on the high
seas by the United States ship-of-war daaker
City, August 10,1861. The libel was against both
vessel and cargo. The vessel and part of the cargo
were admitted to belong to citizensand permanent
residents of Richmond, Virginia. The hearing
was confined to the property so owned; the ques-
tion as to the rest of the cargo being left for future
investigation. Sprague, Justice, delivered the
opinion of the court. I give so much as bears on
the point under consideration:
(l Some have apprehended tSiat if this conflict of arms is
to be deemed wai.oui enemies must have, a* against the
Government, ail the immunities of international belliger-
ents. iiut tin* is to ovoilook the double cluu.ictci which
the^e eneime- sustain. They are at the same time bellig-
erents and tiaitois, and subject to the liabilities of both ;
while the United Stated sustains the double chaiacter of
belligerent and sovereign, and have the 1 ights of both. These
rights coexist, and may be exercised at pleasure. Thus
we may treat the crew of a rebel privateer, merely as pus-
oners of war, or as pirate-? or tuutoi?.; or we may, at the
same time, give to a part of the ciow the one chaiactri,and
to tlio residue the other, and aftei ueating them as prison-
ers of war, we may exei cise ovei them soveieign powei and
deal vvnh them astraitois. The temporary non-iHoroft-uoh
light-: is not a lenuuciation of them, but they may he called
into practical excicise."
"Mi. Wharton, in his Elements of International Law,
(page 355,) so btiongiy maintain* beliigeiont right* in civil
wai* that some of his language would imply that there weie
no oilier lights. This, however, could not have been in-
tended; for if soveieign lights be at an end, the war is
merely international. Civil wai, ex vi termini, nnpons
that soveieign rights aie not relinquished, but insisted on.
The wai is waged to maintain them. Rose vs. Hunely (4
Crauch.272) was a case arising out of the exorcise ol &ov-
eieign rights hv Fiance in her civil wai with St. Domingo.
The court recognized the coexistence of belligeient and
sovereign lights."
4< The United States have, during the present war, exerx
cised both belligerent and sovereign rights.
"Examples of the former aie, leeeivtng capitulations of
the enemy as prison eis of wai, and holding and exchanging
them as such; and a still moie pionnnent instance is the
blockade which, before the assembling of Congress, was
established by militaiy authority of the Commander-in-
Chief.''
" I am satisfied that the United States as a nation, have
full and complete belligeient lights, which aioinnodegiec
impaued by the tact that then enemie- owe allegiance, and
have superadded the guiitot tieason to that oi unjustwar."
The confiscation of the property of those en-
o-uo-ed in rebellion and unsuccessful revolution is
d part of the history of civilized nations. It is
deeply impressed upon English legislation during
the last century. Half the titles of the kingdom
rest upon acts and decrees ot confiscation. Such,
too, is the history of France. Every one, I think,
of the old Thirteen Colonies confiscated the prop-
erty of enemies within their respective jurisdic-
tions m the time of our own Revolution. ^ Ihe
property of German refugees who engaged in the
revolution of 1848 beyond question was confis-
cated. It is the policy and practice of every na-
tion thus to punish rebellion and treason, fn pass-
in" tiny lull, we are traveling in the beaten path
of nations. All men who understand the true na-
ture of the struggle in which we are engaged will
hail this measure as just, and demanded by a wise
consideration of our own interests, and by the
atrocious wickedness of our enemy.
Again: objection is made to the bill because of
its alleged unconstitutionality. The Constitution,
after defining the crime of treason, provides that—
''Congress shall have power to declare the punishment
of treason ; but no attainder of treason shall work connip-
tion of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the per-
son attainted."
What is " altaxnderi,i as here used? Simply
judicial judgment against an offender for the ciime
of treason. The provision then is, no judgment
pronounced by a court for treason shall work cor-
ruption of blood or forfeiture beyond the life of
the party. This provision changed the rule of the
common law; the judgment of a court against an
offender for treason did corrupt the blood, and de-
stroy its inheritable qualities, and his pro-perty
became foifeited to the Crown. The Constitution
simply does away with the common-law conse-
quences of the judgment, by declaring that no at-
tainder, that is, no judgment for treason, shall
work corruption of blood orforfeiture beyond the
life of the party against whom judgment shall be
pronounced. Our right to confiscate the property
of lebels cannot be affected by a constitutional
provision which declares thatcei tain consequences
which attached to a judgment for treason at com-
mon law, shall not follow such judgment here.
This bill does not pronounce judgment against
any one. No man can be tried under it. It affects
property alone, and touches no property of an
offender amenable to process. Itdoes not change
the punishment of treason by declaring a forfeit-
ure of estate as part of the penalty. Those whose
property is taken are beyond the reach of per-
sonal punishment. Are the refugees of this rebel-
lion to live upon the revenues of large estates
here? Is Slidcll to live in Europe in affluence on
the revenue fiom estates in Louisiana? Does a
traitor, possessing large estates, gain immunity
from all punishment whatever by fleeing the coun-
try and making his permanent residence abroad?
Sir, this bill has no relation whatever to the
punishment provided against treason. It attaches
to the property of those m rebellion, and provides
for proceedings in rem and not in.personam. The
two are wholly distinct. Under this bill, you
take and confiscate the property of rebels; if after-
wards they should come within our power, they
may bo indicted, con victed, and hung for the crime
of treason. The bill provides for proceedings in
rem, as in prize cases, and in no way affects the
penalties in pfrsojiawiadministered by our criminal
courts.
The case of the Palmyra (12 Wheaton, p. ])
was the case of seizure by a Government vessel,
the Grampus, under the acts of piracy, of the 3d
March, 1819, and of 15th May, 1830. One ground
taken against a condemnation of the vessel was,
that it was not averred in the libel that there had
been a conviction in personamof the offense charged
in the libel; and it was contended that there must
he a conviction upon an indictmentforthe offense
in personality averred and proved, in order to main-
tain the libel in rem.
Justice Story, who delivered the opinion of the
court, in noticing this objection, says:
The point of objection is of an impoitant and difficult
natuie. It is well known that at common iaw, in many
eases of felonies the pirly foifeited his goods and chatties
to the Ciown. No light to the good- and chatties ot thelelon
could be acquired by the Crown, by the mere commission
of the offense ; but the light attached only b> the conviction
of the offendei. Ill contemplation of the common law, the
ollewlei's light was not divested until conviction. But this
doctune novel wa^ applied to seizuie> and forfeitures cre-
ated bv statute in rcr.i, cognizable on the i.'venue side ot
the exchequer. The thing is here piimaiilv considered as
the olFendei, or lathei the offense is pumaiilv attached to
the thing. Many cases cxiot wheie the lorfeiture Jor net*
done attaches «o!cly in rem, and there is no accompany ing
penalty in personam. Many ca^os exist wheie theio is both
a torfeituie in rem and a per.-onal penalty. But in neither
class ol eases has itevei been decided that the prosecutions
weie dependent upon each othei. But the practice has
been, and this cuuit undei-tand the law to be, that the
pioceedmg in rem stand.-- independent of ant! wholly un-
affected by any euniinal proceeding in personam."
Here the offense is attached to the thing, apd
the bill provides for proceedings in rem, as m prize
cases or forfeitures arising under the revenue
laws. It has no connection whatever with crim-
inal proceedings in personam; they are still open
to be resorted to, it the offender shad ever come
within the reach of oar criminal process.
The Constitution provides that "no bill of at-
i tainder or ex post facto law shall be passed;" and
it is objected that the bill under consideration irft-
pinges on this constitutional provision. It is
claimed to be a bill of pains and penalties within
the mischief, and, therefore, within the constitu-
tional proliibitiou againstbillsofattainder. lagree,
if this be a bill of u pains and penalties," that we
have no constitutional power to enact it. A bill
of" attainder," differs from a bill of "pains and
penalties" only in pronouncing the judgment of
death, instead of a milder punishment. Roth are
equally within the reason and spirit of the consti-
tutional prohibition. In both, the«Legislatureas-
sumes judicial functions, and pronouncessentence
for past offenses, and without tfrPsafeguardsof a
trial. No jury, no court, no evidence—the Legis-
lature, by an act of legislation, pronounces sen-
tence. Both a bill of attainder and a bill of pains
and penalties are ofthe nature of expost facto laws.
In both, the Legislature assumes judicial func-
tions, and proceeds to conviction without law or
evidence.
This bill has no feature of a bill of pains and
penalties. It is not ex post facto; it inflicts no pen-
alty for past offenses, but only inflicts forfeiture
against such as shall, after its passage, be guilty
of bearing arms against the United States, or in
giving them aid and comfort. It pronounces no
legislative sentence. The bill itself does not ap-
propriate any property, but only makes the ap-
propriation after condemnation by the courts, or
through commissioners where the rebellion makes
the sitting of courts impossible. If it is complained
that the bill gives too great power to the commis-
sioners, I answer that this objection is not open
to those who, byarms,have setup another juris-
diction, and driven our courts from the territory
of several States. This would be to give exemp-
tion to the property of traitors because of their
treason.
Very extraordinary powers are claimed for
the President on this subject of emancipation of
slaves and the confiscation of property. As Com-
mander-in-Chief, it is claimed that he lias full
power to emancipate the slaves, and the right to
take for public use such property of the rebels as
he pleases. This, sir, is claiming large powers
for the Piesidcnt, and if ho possess them, then,
indeed, does war make him as absolute as the Czar
or Sultan. The President, as Commander-in-
Chief, has no power to emancipate slaves, except
asactualiy connected with his military operations,
and here he is limited to the actual power of the
force under his command. A general in the field
has the same power. A proclamation by the Pres-
ident of general emancipatipn.or of emancipation
of the slaves of rebels, is utterly without force.
He may control by martial law (which, for the
time being, supersedes the municipal law) within
his military airay. Here he may call upon the
slave for military service, and take him out of the
power and control of his master. His authority
as military commandergoes not beyond his lines,
lie has no power whatever of confiscation. He
may take such military stores, forage, and pro-
visions as are necessary for the support of his
Army, and this he may do alike from friend or foe.
The supreme power of this Government, under
and within the limits of the Constitution, is in
Congress. In the case before cited of Brown vs.
The United States, while it was determined that
we might confiscate enemies'property found on
land; it was also decided—and the case turned
on this point—that the power of confiscating ene-
mies' property is m Congress. After citing the
act of Congress declaring war against Great Brit-
ain, the court say:
"There being no other actof Congress which bears upon
the subject, iti  considered as pioved that the Legislature
has not confiscated enemy piopcrty which was within the
United States at the declaration of war, and this sentence
of condemnation cannot be sustained."
Again:
" It appears to the court, that the power of confiscating
enemy piopeity is in the Legislature, and that the Legisla-
lutc has not vet declared its will to confiscate property
which was within our teiritory at the deckuation of war."
This disposes effectually of the extraordinary
pretensions set up for the President, as a ground
of opposition to this bill. Those who really favor
the confiscation of rebel property, will go for
some legislation to effectuate tnatend. The Pres-
ident has no more power of confiscation than any
Senator on this floor.
Mr. President, the passage^ of this bill is de-
manded by the strongest considerations of justice
