1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2835
informant know, what the distance will be, for
none of them know how these roads would be lo-
cated. I presume the Senator from California has
based his estimate probably upon air linos, when
one of these roads may go meandering upon a
river, which may double the distance. I appre-
hend, although there has been a change in the bill,
and the terminus of the road has been removed
from the one hundred and second to the one hun-
dredth meridian, still that could not make all this
difference.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
mo to state that the estimate I presented was four
hundred and ten miles, which I said might be
diminished fifteen miles. My information is de-
rived by having asked an eminent engineer, who
has made the subject a study, to estimate the
length of the branches, and both his figures in de-
tail and the map correspond.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not doubt that the
Senator from California had such information, but
I have experience enough to know, and I presume
the Senator from California and the Senator from
Wisconsin have experience enough to know, that
when $16,000 a mile is given by this Government
and the lands for miles on each side of the road,
these branches will not be built over the shortest
route. Why, sir, this amount of money and land
will more than pay for the construction of these
roads in those localities. It will be a speculation
to build them.
Mr. CLARK. Especially along the rivers and
hollows.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly, as sug-
gested by my friend from New Hampshire, on the
rivers and hollows, where they will find plenty of
timber, and on the Missouri river, where the iron
can be delivered without any great expense. But
if the distance, instead of being twelve hundred
miles, is six hundred miles—and I will not dis-
pute about the number of miles, whether it is
twelve hundred, or six hundred, or four hundred,
if that will satisfy the Senator from California bel-
ter—is he, is the Senate, is the countiy m favor
of lengthening out the great road to the Pacific
ocean, which the Senator from Wisconsin tells us
is the greatest enterprise of the world, four hun-
dred miles unnecessarily ? Have we five millions
of money to squander? Is this a time, when we
are resorting to every means to raise money, pass-
ing tax bills, is this a time to build four hundred
miles of road, and appropriate five millions of
money? In myopinion it will be twice and three
times that amount; and,as 1 said,itwlll be found
that these roads will not be built upon air lines.
Probably it would be impossible to build them
upon f>uch lines; or, if not impossible, very ex-
pensive; and it is,after ali, but a conjecture. We
can approximate something near it, and I admit,
it ought to come nearer than four hundred and
twelve hundied miles. Probably the correct dis-
tance may be somewhere between the two. I
make these remarks in explanation of what I said
previously. In regard to my statement that the
expense would be something like twenty million
dollars, it will be observed that $16,000 a mile for
twelve hundred miles would amount nearly to that
sum.
I wish to say another word, however. My
motion was to commence this road between the
thirty-ninth and forty-third degrees of north lati-
tude. I have not been favorable to the constiuc-
tion of the Pacific railroad through States at all.
I was willing to vote for the construction of a road
through the Territories of the United States. My
object m droppmgdown to the thirty-ninth degree
of latitude was to include these Kansas routes;
but I find the Kansas Senatois opposed to the
amendment, and it will be very easy for Kansas
to unite with this road, which comes to the Mis-
souri ri ver, although it should run above h<ir bor-
ders; and I will therefore modify my amendment.
I nsk leave to withdiaw the proviso, and to insert
" fortieth" instead of the " thirty-ninth;s* so that
the road shall commence between the fortieth and
* forty-third parallels of north latitude. Then the
road will be entirely within the Temtories of the
United States, it was with a great deal of hesita-
tion that I was willing to drop down to the thnty-
ninth degree, and only did so in order to include
all these branch mutes; but as the Senators from
Kansas are opposed to the amendment, and insist
upon all these branches, they can be accommo-
dated by running their roads from Kansas into it;
it will be right on their borders if it should be on
the fortieth parallel. I will modify my amend-
ment in that form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois has proposed an amendment to this
bill, and that amendment, as now modified, will
be reported from the Secretary's desk. It has not
yet been reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, as modi-
fied, on page 14, section eight, line three,after the
word " the," to sti ike out the words, " one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude west ftom Green-
wich, between the south margin of the valley of
the Republican river and the north margin of the
valley of the Platte river, in the Territory of Ne-
braska, at a point," and to insert, in lieu thereof,
the words, " Missouri river:"and in line ten, after
the word "States," to insert the words "be-
tween the fortieth and forty-third degrees of north
latitude;" so that the section will read:
That the line of said raihond ami telegraph shall com-
mence at a point on the 3Ii> ourt river, to be fixed by the
President of the United Suite*, between the fortieth and
foriy-tlmd degrees of north latitude, &c.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I venture to say
there is not money enough in the world to inducc
this Government to part with its Pacific coast.
Without the construction of this road, it may be
taken from us withoutgivingus the smallestequiv-
alent. That" is one reason why I support the bill.
I am in favor of the branches as they now are. If
a large aimy is on one side of a stream about to
attack a city on the other, an able general would
not build one bridge merely, he would build many,
so that when he was ready for the attack he could
move his entire forces and concentrate them on the
opposite shore. I have as much confidence m the
President of the United States as, I presume, the
honorable Senator fiom Illinois has. Mine is al-
most unlimited; I am not competent to speak as
to his. But the President is not acquainted with
that region of country; and influences would be
brought to bear and lepiesentations made that
would induce him to act, I know, as he thought,
honestly; buta point might be selected that would
deprive us of the far North from connecting with
this road, and deprive other sections from con-
necting with it. While that Pacific coast is so
valuable to us as a nation, not only to our national
honor, but pecuniarily, 1 do not think it proper or
right to endanger this bill by higgling here upon
a few paltry dollars. I hope the bill may pass as
it now is; that is, so far as the main tiunkaudthe
branches are concerned; and I shall give my vote
accordingly.
Mr. WADE. This same question, I believe,
was argued yesterday at great length, and it re-
quires considerable presumption in any gentleman
to suppose that after a full argument on both sides
the Senate is made of such fickle material that it
will be likely to recede from the conclusion to
which it has deliberately come. I have listened
to the arguments that have been made on this
proposition to-day. They have not been made
at as great length as they were yesterday; but 1
do not think that one single new idea has been
advanced by any gentleman on tins floor in favor
of the proposition of the Senator from Illinois.
The question still is, shall we build these eastern
branches, or shall we not5 By a very strong and
decided majority yesterday we said we would.
Has anything intervened to change our minds on
that subject* If there has, I have not heard it
suggested from any quarter.
1 do not like to go into the argument at length
again. Indeed I did not go into it at much length
before, but others did; and I was in hopes that
the policy was settled. It is not a new policy.
Even if these roads wore entirely unconnected
with the main trunk, they would still be merito-
rious propositions, and in accordance with the pol-
icy that has been pursued by this Government ever
since I have had a scaton this floor. There is not
one of these roads, as 1 said before, but what, even
as an independent proposition, I think ought to
receive the favorable consideration of the Senate.
There have occurred to me one or two things
that I did not state when I addiessed the Senate
on a pievious occasion. 1 cannot be unmindful
of the condition m which this country is now
placed, with six or seven hundred thousand men
in the field, with this war on our hands, which I
suppose must come to a conclusion within a very
short period. Then these men who are so bravely
devoting themselves to the defense of the country
will come out of this war detached from their old
business. Thousands and tens of thousands of
them will come out after this patriotic struggle and
the privations they have suffered and will seek
for new homes and newemployments. I cart see,
and I glory in the thought of, the great and ben-
eficial opening that this measure will make fat
these men when they shall have done serving the
country in the field. Under the beneficial opera-
tion of your homestead bill they will be able to get
their farms without paying a single cent; and who
does not know that these men, who have nothing
to boast of except their patriotism, will go'into that
country almost entirely destitute? But if this great
work is in progress, how easy it will be for these
men to go and take up their farms, and then sup-
port themselves by a little labor on these roads
while their crops are growing, so that after their
first crop shall have become matured they will be
able to return upon an independent homestead for-
ever. When I see the great opening, the benefi-
cial prospect that will be open to the patriotic and
brave men in your Army to find homes, I almost
wish that your road was longer than it is, and had
more branches.
I am amazed that men will stand higgling here
over the constructing of these branches of the road.
They tell you it will make an addition of $5,000,000;
and gentlemen would hazard the whole enterpiise
because you would have to pledge the credit of the
nation for $5,000,000 to construct these branches.
The Government will never have to pay a single
dollar of it. It is only a pledge of its credit to that
amount; and yet some gentlemen would hazard
an enterprise more grand, more magnificent, more
beneficial, and more honorable to this nation than
any other that ever entered into the conception of
man, in order that they may save a loan of the
credit of the Government for $5,000,000 1 Sir, I
hope there are not many here who take that nar-
row view of this subject. I am persuaded that if
you lop off these branches you will detract im-
mensely from that zeal, good will, and favor that
wc want from all quarters for the building of this
road. Do gentlemen grudge the fact that these roads
which they call local, will incidentally operate to
the benefit of the States through which they pass?
So far from that dctiacting from their merits, I
glory in it, because I want to see this wilderness
cleared up; i want to see H settled. We all k>iow
what the effect of the roads we have already built
or aided in building has been. No man under-
stands their beneficial influence better than the
Senator from Illinois. No State has more reason
to understand the beneficial effect of them than
the State of Illinois.
Sir, your money will not be lost. In a pecu-
niary point of view it will be a gain to this Gov-
ernment to make these facilities for settling this
wilderness. It will strengthen us in a military
point of view. It will strengthen this Union,
which is more than all. It will do more for the
country than we have done for any number of
yeais past. Let us not jeopardize it then by this
narrow policy that will strike out these collateral
roads, and thereby probably defeat the measure
at tins session. For twelve long y^ars this nation
has struggled to perform that which is now within
our grasp, and which stands trembling in the bal-
ance through the false economy of some gentle-
men here. I hope, sir, it will not prevail, and I
trust we shall not eternally reiterate our argu-
ments and reiterate our propositions, so that we
cannot get through. I hope that now, to-day,
this great measure will receive the final sanction
of the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Claik. Collamer,
Davis. Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Howard, Howe, King,
Lane of Indiana, Moniil, Pcaree, SlieuiKtn, Ten Eyck,
Tinmlmll, and Wriplit—18.
JfAYS—Me«>-rs. Clowning. Oarhle, Coivan,Dixon, Doo-
Ifrtlo, Grimes, Hale, H.ulan, II.nri~, lleiideison, Kennedy,
Lane ol Kan>a«, Lath,on, McD.>u?nll, Nenniili, Pnmeroy,
Rice, Stark, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiilev, Wilmot,
Wilson of Massaeliusetts, and Wilson of Missouii—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is some (mistake,
I suppose of the printer, oil page ]4, section nine,
line six. I move to strike out the words "to the"
after the word "river," and in the eighth line after
the word "Missouri "to strike out "on "and insert
"to."
