1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
many Union men entertained and expressedagreat
want of confidence in his loyalty and fidelity to the
Government.
Mr. GOOCH. I now refuse to yield any fur-
ther.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have deemed it to be my
duty, since this matter baa been brought into dis-
cussio n, to make this statement, in order that some
of General Patterson's friends may give it an au-
thoritative contradiction. But such was the prev-
alent opinion about General Patterson among
many persons. Many of his relatives are active
and avowed secessionists, and others are equally
as active on the other side. They are my personal
friends, and 1 would be much gratified to have the
loyalty of General Patterson successfully vindi-
cated, and what I hope is a calumny upon his
reputation refuted.
Mr. B1DDLE. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. BIDDLE. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw his objection. It can do him
no harm to hear a few words from me on this sub-
ject.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. GOOCH. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, but 1 take it for granted that if my*
time expires, that I shall be allowed two minutes
after ho has concluded.
Mr. BIDDLE. I thank the gentleman. •
Mr. Speaker, General Patterson is my towns-
man and my constituent, and I may assume to
know as much of him as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. I have no personal knowledge of the
movements of the column which he commanded
m July last. 1 was at that time in the military
service, but in another part of Virginia, within the
limits of General McClellan's command. But I
have personal knowledge of the character of Gen-
eral Patterson. In his command were many of my
constituents, connections, and friends, and I never
heard one of them mention him in other terms
than those of respect and confidence. He had
upon his staff some of the most distinguished
officers of the regular Army, now deservedly fill-
ing positions of great trust; he had on his staff
men of high character from civil life. They were
fully cognizant of General Patterson's conduct
and motives; their characters are additional guar-
antees for his.
I believe that no man, really cognizant of the
facts, has ever brought any charge against him,
and that the vague, baseless rumors that have
been circulated to his disadvantage are but hear-
say upon hearsay, like the statement of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. Upon the occasion before
Mtu-tinsburg, a brilliant affair at that time, when
our greater and more glorious victories had not
eclipsed it, General Patterson's conduct was dis-
tinguished alike by military skill and personal in-
trepidity. All the cotemporary accounts, verbal
and published in the newspapers, from all sources,
agreed in that.
With rcspect to his character at an earlier pe-
riod, in the war with Mexico, I would not offer
my humble testimony; but I sent to the adjoining
library and have had brought here the volume of
reports, from which I can cite, under the clear and
venerable name of Winfield Scott, the high testi-
mony that was then borne to General Patterson's
character as a soldier. At the siege of Vera Cruz
General Scott says that " he can only enumerate
ihe few who are isolated by rank or position, as
well as by noble services." He then mentions
" Major General Patterson, second in command."
At Cerro Gordo, General Scott says:
£< Major Geneial Patterson left a sick bed to shaie in the
danger and fatigues of the day ; and after tile surrender,
went forward to command tile advanced forces towards
Xalapa."
He also served in the war of 1812. Of course
I had no cotemporary knowledge of his services
there; but I know that by those who had, he was
esteemed as a soldier, even at that early period of
his life.
This statement I have felt bound to make in be-
half of a man who is my constituent, and who, I
believe, has been unjustly aspersed by vague ru-
mors and suspicions, only too common, and gain-
ing too easy credence with us. Let me add, how-
ever, that in so doing I take no part in any criticism
upon General Scott, for whom no man living en-
tertains higher respect than I do.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire only to say, in con-
clusion, that the dialogue between the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Blair] and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] has brought
thra matter fresh to the attention of the House.
My proposition is, that if any gentlemen in civil
or military life feci that they have responsibilities
on them that they ought not to carry in relation
to Bull Run or any other battle, they have an ample
opportunity to relieve themselves. I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if the committee have not already a clerk
at §1,400 a year?
Mr. GOOCH. We have a stenographer"now
employed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to inquire about the
clerk.
Mr. GOOCH. It is the stenographer whom
we have employed that we want to pay.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I understand that the
committee have employed a stenographer, and
now come here for authority.
Mr. GOOCH. The committee have done just
what all other committees of this House have
done. They have gone to work in the perform-
ance of the duty assigned them, taking it for
granted that the House would give them a stenog-
rapher. This resolution passed the Senate weeks
ago, and has been lying upon the table, and I have
been unable to reach it, though I have tried.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is a point I should like
to discuss, if the gentleman did not insist upon
the previous question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to yield tome for a moment.
Mr. GOOCH. I cannot withdraw the previous
question unless there is a unanimous understand-
ing that I shall have a vote on the amendment
and on the resolution to-day. With that under-
standing I will yield. [Cries of "Agreed!"
" Agreed !"]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will renew the call for
the previous question if the gentleman wishes it.
Mr. GOOCH. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not rise for the
purpose of entering into any debate in connection
with the policy or propriety of our constituting
this committee, although I am entirely opposed,
not on account of any objection to the gentlemen
composing it, but on account of graver and higher
objections, to the organization of any such com-
mittee, constituting a little imperium in our own
body, whose proceedings are necessarily obliged
to be secret, and contrary to the spirit of our
Constitution. At best, I am totally opposed to
the committee, and think it ought to be abolished
as soon as the House can do it, and that for the
very purpose of preserving that harmony and
concurrence of action which the gentleman thinks
is necessary to the efficiency of the Government.
Thegentleman vindicates the committee by say-
ing they have not done this or that. Sir, we ar<?
indebted for that to the forbearance of the com-
mittee. I have no objection to any of the gentle-
men who compose it; they are respectable, intel-
ligent, and patriotic. That is not the question. It
is not a personal question. What is the power
which this committee have to investigate the con-
duct of the war? The committee, having power
to send for persons and papers, can bring the
President of the United States before them; they
can bring the Commanding General before them;
and I do not know but that it is their duty to do
so, for you have imposed upon them the duty of
inquiring into the conduct of the war. It is not a
matter of choice. Tiioy can bring before them the
Commanding General of the Army and make him
speak, not only in relation to things past, but as
to his designs for the future; and if they have not
done it, it is not because they have not the power,
but because they have decidcd not to exercise the
power which we have been unwise enough to give
them. Ifauy gentleman has any undue suspicions
resting upon him of which he wants to be rid,let
him go and get absolution; but if, unfortunately,
any individual against whom public prejudice is
excited is exposed to accusations before thecom-
mittec by his enemies, will they not bring before
them ex parte testimony, and may not uninten-
tional in justice be done ? Sir, I want no such in-
quisition. 1 will not give to any body of men here,
if I can help it, this important power. Give mc
the power to interrogate every officer of the Army
and make his fate dependent, in- some, degree, on:
the report which 1 may make, and you give
thecommand ofthe Army. You subject the Pres-
ident of the United States to the authority of this'
committee. ■
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the«
gentleman from Kentucky say that under the au-
thority given to this committee the President of
the United States would he legally bound to ap~
pear before them, and answer as to the conduct of
his department? ' ■ -
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir; I say so; '
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I respect-
fully differ with the gentleman. I say the Presi-
dent is under no such obligation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. J say he is. Chief Jus-
tice Marshall decided that the President of the
United States could be called before a court.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. A court!
Ah, that is another thing,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is a power here,
in all things that you have a right to investigate,
as high as that of any court. This is the great
court of Parliament, the great court of the people
in its legislative proceedings.
Do not your committees put men in prison here?
Will the gentleman show me where the President
is exempted from such a power? I do not know
whether it is true or not, but I have heard that"
the President has been before a committee of this
House. I do not know whether it is so or not,
and I do not assert it; but I know of no reason
why he cannot be called before such a committee.
But suppose that solitary exception is to be al-
lowed, and my friend should satisfy me that the
President cannot be summoned,is there any other
man who cannot be summoned? Cannot all his
Secretaries be summoned ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I answer
with confidence, no. I hold especially that the
Commander-in-Chief is under no such" constitu-
tional obligation; that, constituting an independent
department of the Government, he is not liable to
be examined by any committee of this House in
relation to his conduct of the war, past or future.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, I think I may
safely transfer my friend, with whom I should
very reluctantly engage in any constitutional or
legal argument, to my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Gooch,] who has just taken his seat. This
committee, called upon and charged to investigate
the conduct of the war, has thought it its duty to .
invite the Commanding General to come before it.
Mr. WRIGHT. The President has also been
before it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was on common fame
that I spoke; and I spoke without contradiction.
Mr. GOOCH. I would say that the committee
had not supposed that they had any of those dan-
gerous powers that have been alluded to; and they
have not attempted to exercise any such powers.
The committee have now beard for the first time
that they have the power to bring the President
of the United States before them. They have
never attempted to exercise such power, and I do
not believe they ever will.
I would say, still further, in reference to the
general commanding the Army, that the com-
mittee wrote him a note, stating the fact of their
appointment, and simply saying to him that if he
wouldlike to have an interviewwith them it would
be agreeable to the committee. The invitation was
accepted, the time and place were agreed upon,
and the meeting took place, just as two parties
might meet by mutual arrangement.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to get clear of
all personalities with this committee, for I respect
its members, personally, as much as I do those of
any other committee. But we may not always
have the good fortune to have these gentlemen on
such a committee. This committee itself is try-
ing its infant fortunes. It is now delicate, modest,
forbearing; but we all know what effect the ex-
ercise of power has upon those who exercise it.
They will become used to the scepter. What they
handle delicately at first they may come to handle
without delicacy before they get through with it.
The question here is as to the powers conferred
upon this committee, and I am objecting to those
powers. The charge which you have laid upon
them—for the powers you confer arc a-command
to exercise them-—is to'investigate the conduct of
this war. The conduct of it, in the language of
the resolution, includes the future as well as the
