is n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
aod policy. It is very much a question, whether
the property of loyal men of the North shall be
Confiscated by taxation, or the vast property of
the leading rebels be taken to defray in part the
expenses of the war? Between independent Pow-
ers, it is not unusual in treaties of peace to intro-
duce stipulations providing for the payment in
part by one party to the other of the expenses
attending the war. Indeed, it is most common in
modern times. If nations thus claim and receive
indemnity for the expenses into which unjust war
has plunged them, may we not, with much justice
and propriety indemnify ourselves in part for
the enormous c#sts of this most causeless and un-
provoked war? All loyal men agree that the re-
bellion must be crushed out. This can only be
done by driving the leaders from the country and
confiscating their estates. They must be reduced
to poverty before their power in the South can be
broken. Our interests and our safety demand the
speedy passage of this bill. Leniency emboldens
the traitors. They feel secure in their property,
come what may. Those suspected of loyaltyonly
suffer. Refuse to pass this bill, and you offer a
premium to disloyalty and treason. The safety
of a man's property in the South will impel him to
side with our enemies. The rebels seize and ap-
propriate the property of loyalists; we secure and
protect the property of rebels. The passage of
tiiis measure is demanded as a just measure of re-
taliation. Hundreds of millions of property in the
South, belonging to northern men, has been con-
fiscated or destroyed. Other hundreds of millions
of debts due our merchants and manufacturers,
and of investments in railroad stocks and other
southern securities, have been forfeited to the rebel
government. Other millions, the property of loyal
southern men, have been pillaged and destroyed.
" A State," says Vattel, "takingup arms in ajust
cause, has a double right against its enemy. A
right of putting itself in possession of what be-
longs to it, and which the enemy withholds; and
to this must be added the expenses incurred to
this end, the charges of the war, and the repara-
tion of damages." We must not give license to
rebellion by the forbearance with which we treat
the rebels. We must protect the interests of loyal
citizens by charging the property of traitors with
the expenses of the war.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, without de-
taining the Senate at any great length, I propose
to state some of the reasont whjch will control my
action on the pending propositions. I am in favor
of some measure for the confiscation of the prop-
erty of those in rebellion against the Government.
Too long, aheady, in my judgment, have we de-
layed the dischatge of this duty, imposed upon us
for the speedy suppression of an armed rebellion,
which ha* struck, with murderous intent, at the
very vitals of this Republic. If Congress had truly
felt the necessities of the occasion, if, instead of
acquiescence m a policy of leniency towards these
conspirators, we had held the reins of Government
firmly in our grasp, a confiscation law would
have been enacted at the called session, and have
been now upon the statute-book, a terror to trai-
tors. It would seem that, until within a rcccnt
period, wc have gone on as though there was not a
great war upon us, which demanded seriouslegis-
lation and earnest effort at our hands. If that im-
pression had not yet been removed from the minds
of Senators when Congress came together in De-
cember lust, it can no longer exist, when the whole
valley of the Mississippi trembles beneath thcfieice
conliict of vast armies. We must be alive, sir, to
the exigency of the hour. This monster rebel-
lion must be destroyed, and destroyed speedily;
and as one of the means for the accomplishment
of that object, I look to the passage of some piop-
osition for the confiscation of the property of rebels.
This proceeding is absolutely necessary. It will
strike a heavier blow against the rebellion than
an army with banners. Now, when the power
of this Government has been displayed upon land
and sea, it proclaims to the deluded masses of the
South that the only way in which they can save
themselves and their property, escape fioni an- I
archy and bloodshed,enjoy peace and prosperity,
and once more live under a beneficent, free Gov-
ernment, w to li-iy down ihearms which they have
taken up for its destruction. If they persist in
their madness, then let the vengeance of outraged
justice pursue them to the death. We have for-
borne until forbearance has grown to be dishonor.
Treason has run riot in the land. It is time that
lawlessness should cease, whether under a pre-
tended government's the rebellious States, or in
the more insidious guise of " freedom of speech,5'
which .gloats over every obstacle that can be
brought forward to prevent or retard the resto-
ration of the Union. It is time that rapine and
murder should be called by their right names, and
punished as they deserve. I would direct the op-
erations of this law against the instigators of the
rebellion, against the leaders of its army—those
who hold its executive appointments, the mem-
bers of the confederate conventions and legis-
latures, and all those who have deceived and
infuriated the southern masses against this Gov-
ernment. They should be made to feel, in their
persons and in their property, the disasters which
afflict those whom they have led to the brink of
destruction. I would impoverish them as they
have impoverished their own people. The Davises
and Slideils, the Yulees and Masons, the Beau re-
gards and Johnsons, the Breckinridges and Ben-
jamins, who have sought the annihilation of the
Republic that nourished, honored, and protected
them, spreading desolation throughout the south-
ern States, and who have been remorseless in car-
rying out the promptings of their unholy ambi-
tion, cannot expect from this Congress any other
treatment than that of a rigid enforcement of the
sternest penalties of justice. It is a duty that we
owe to our country, that we owe to posterity, to
the peace and happiness of our citizens, and to
the perpetuity of our institutions.
I would provide no way of escape for those
who, with reference to a possible hour of their
country's peril, had been educated for and sup-
ported in its At my and Navy, and then, when that
hour came, went over to its enemies. We must
make it understood that we educate and sup-
port men for their country Ss service, not to officer
tebel armies.
There may be a certain class of civil function-
aries, for instance in the local judiciary, as sug-
gested by the reference of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the case of Chief Justice Hale, whose
duties might differ little whether they acknowl-
edged to confederate or Federal Government, and
towards whom lenity might be shown. Still that
case is not apposite, because Cromwell's Govern-
ment was established at home and acknowledged
abroad.
It is not my design to enter into an examina-
tion of all the details of a confiscation law. It
may suffice, at the present time, if I avow that,
in the execution of that law, I should much pre-
fer the requisite proceedings should be taken be-
fore some judicial tribunal, and that there should
be invested in the President of the United States
a general power of,granting amnesty. Such a
provision will, I think, do away with all honest
objection to the passage of this measure.
Now, sir, I have no patience for long disquisi-
tions upon the power of Congress to pass an act
of confiscation. It is not denied that we have the
power to declare war and to suppress rebellion.
Having the power to declarc war and to suppress
rebellion, have we not also the power for the vig-
orous and successfukprosccution of these objects?
The greater power certainly includes the lesser
one. By depriving the rebels of their means for
continuing this rebellion we go a great way to-
wards securing its extinction. But away with
these quibbles about the constitutionality of this
proposition or that proposition. Instead of grant-
ing powers, and also affording all the necessary
means for their execution, it would seem to be the
belief of those who so frequently advance the ob-
jection of unconstitutionality, that the Constitu-
tion has conferred powers never intending they
should be exercised; that it is so fettered as to be
incapable of making a struggle for the preserva-
tion of the integrity of the Government to which
it gave birth. 1 may say, sir, outside of all ques-
tions of constitutionality m times of great peril to
our free institutions, when recreant and disloyal
citizens in a large section of the country rise in
rebellion, spurn the Constitution, defy the laws,
and resist the authority of the Government, there
is one duty supreme and absorbing, a duty to
which ail others are subordinate—the duty of self-
preservation, the safety of the Union from disruption,
and of the Constitution from annihilation. Every-
thing opposed to the existence of the Government
must be made to yield, or be swept off with an iron
hand. That the State may live, all minor consid-
erations must be neglected, all inferior interests
must perish.
I wish to refer, for a moment, to the character
of the war in which we are now engaged, in order
that the mind may not be led astray by citations
from and references to authorities which have and
can have no application to this subject. There are
two kinds of war; the one I may denominate a
perfect war, and the other a mixed war. A per-
fect war is where one nation declares war against
another nation; and it has laws which areas well
understood, and which must be adhered to as
strictly, as any other laws. A mixed war, on the
contrary, is a rebellion or insurrection of a por-
tion of the people of a country against the Gov-
ernment. It is against law, in defiance of author-
ity, and meets with no encouragement from the
laws of nations. In a perfect war, the citizens or
subjects of one country are each and all the ene-
mies of the citizens or subjects with which it is
carrying on hostilities. They are so recognized
and ge treated in the laws of war. There is no
exception. All those owing allegiance to the one
nation are the foes of the other. It is far different
in a mixed war. In that case, the loyal citizens
are the enemies of the disloyal citizens. When
we declare war against the rebellion in the South
wedo notdeclare waragainstthe States, oragainst
independent nationalities. Our hostilities are only
directed against those who have taken up arms
against the Government, and those who render
them assistance; and the end which we seek is the
suppression of the insurrection and the restoration
of order. We do not declare that the citizens of
all the seceded States shall be considered as alien
enemies; that the innocent shall be involved in
ruin with the guilty; that there shall be no dis-
crimination between those who are loyal and those
who are disloyal; but we ask, and in no measure
more plainly than the one before us, that there
shall be a discrimination, that there shall be a
method of determining between the true men and
the false, and where we shall inflict severe punish-
ment and where extend the protecting help or the
clemency of this Government.
A war, strictly speaking, is between independ-
ent Powers.- Its laws are a branch of that code
known as international law. No single member
of the family of nations can establish, alter, or
amend them; butasuggestion made by onePower
becomes, when approved by others, a part of the
code. Our present contest may, on the contrary,
as I have already said, be called a mixed war—one
of the parties standing to the other in the double
relation of enemies and citizens. In other words,
it is a mere multiplication of crimes committed by
individual citizens until the attempt of the Gov-
ernment to put them down has grown to the di-
mensions and assumed the name of a war; which
crimes may be dealt with in detail under the names
of murder, theft, arson, as the case may be or
comprehended under the name of treason, which
expresses the animus of the whole. The moment
we come to regard it in an aggregate or organized
character, we are in danger of giving it a recog-
nition which we should take care to avoid. The
conflict of armies, one of which is made up of
these felons, should be viewed as neither more nor
less than the result of an attempt to arrest them
for these crimes.
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
who has made some of the happiest discrimina-
tions between this rebellion and a proper war, has
not, in my opinion, quite escaped the error which
he combats. He seems to regard the rebels as a
Power, and not as felons, separately guilty of the
crimes committed by them; and half approves of
England's recognition of them as a belligerent
Power. He says that the war should be conducted
in^accordance with the law of nations, perhaps
meaning that the principles of humanity recog-
nized by the civilized and Christian world should
be observed in its prosecution. If this be the
meaning, no one will question the justice of the
remark. But if it means, as might be inferred,
that foreign Powers have a right to call us to ac-
count for neglecting the maxims of international
warfare and pursuing our own course, I utterly
dissent from the view.
If the Senator was light in the views he took,
we might as well, on the ground of international
law, have claimed to interfere against the oppres-
sions of the Austrian, or the late Neapolitan Gov-
