854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
past. If they have not had the President before
them, they may have. If they begin by invita-
tion, they may end by compulsion. I venture to
say that there never was an instance where a gen-
tleman of distinction and great respectability was
required to attend before a committee in which the
committee has not written to him an invitation.
I have had invitations myself; but the next thing
would have been a summons to attend. I under-
stood it so in my case.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a point of order.
There is no order in the Hall, and it is impossible
to hear anything of what is going on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let us, then, except the
President of the United States from the witnesses
whose attendance can be compelled by the com-
mittee. I doubt not that my friend from Mas-
sachusetts—for whoso opinions I have so much
respect—has good reason for the position he takes.
But the committee has the power to send for per-
sons and papers, no exception being made.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky whether that is nota power which this House
has always conferred on every committee of in-
vestigation ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes; and neither the
Presidentnor anybody else lms ever been excepted.
It has been a general power, without, limit or ex-
ception. And yet 1 am told that not only the Presi-
dent of the United States, but all the members of
his Cabinet are excepted, and that the command-
ing general of the Avmy is excepted.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
say, Mr. Speaker, but a single word on the sub-
ject. I was among the members of the House who
voted against the appointment of this committee.
I should so vote again to-day. I think the appoint-
ment ofthe committee wrong in principle. I think
it is useless for any wise purpose. But I wish also
to aver my distinct opinion that there arc coordi-
nate brandies of the Government; and I behove I
shall gain the assent even of the gentleman from
Kentucky, when I say that the Executive, invested
with the military power, is not liable to be exam-
ined by this committee as to the conduct ofthe war,
or summoned before it for that purpose; nor is any
military officer of the Government acting under
him liable to be examined, exccpt with the con-
sent of the Commander-in-Chief.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I might yield at once,
if my own opinion would really permitme to acqui-
esce in whatmy honorable friend from Massachu-
setts asserts; but I ask the gentleman if he does
not carry his doctrine of exceptions too far. Here
are thousands of Army officers—can no committee
ofthe House summon any of them because he holds
office in the executive department?
Mr. THOMAS ofMassachusetts. The Consti-
tution and laws of the United States provide the
modbs for the punishment of military olfunscs, and
among those modes is not an investigation by a
committee of this House.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope my friend docs
not consider it a punishment for a military officer
to be summoned before a committee.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Undoubt-
edly it is.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If my life or your life
depended on the testimony of a President of the
United States, is it possible to suppose that he
would not be liable to be summoned as a witness?
Chief Justice Marshall, I think it was—but the
gentleman will recollect better than I, as my mem-
ory is dim about it—decided in the Supreme Court,
in the case of Aaron Burr, that the IJrcsident was
liable to be summoned, and bound to obey. But
we will except him. 
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will it interrupt
the gentleman from Kentucky to refer for a mo-
ment to the Journal of the Continental Congress
on tiiis point?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. On the '29th of
July, 1777, the Continental Congress resolved that
an inquiry be made into the reason of the evac-
uation of Ticonderoga and Mount Independence,
and into the conduct of the general officers who
were m the northern department at the time of the
evacuation. They resolved on the 1st of August
ofthe same year that th" committee to be appointed
to digest and leport the mode of conducting the
inquiry into the reasons for the evacuation of Ti-
conderoga and Mount Independence, and into the
conduct of the officers who were in the northern
department at the time of the evacuation, consist
of five members, (naming them;) and subsequently
they resolved that on such inquiry and collection
of facts the whole be transmitted by the said com-
mittee to General Washington, with directions for
him to proceed thereupon by courts of inquiry or
courts-martial, as should be most proper and con-
formable to the law martial, for examining into
the conduct of the general officers who commanded
m the northern department at the time Ticonde-
roga was evacuated.
If the gentleman will allow me, I should like to
indulge in one remark. I am one of those who
voted to raise this joint committee, and I cannot
agree that it is useless, as was said by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas.] On
the contrary, I believe the action of Congress, and,
among other things, the creation of this commit-
tee has been instrumental, with other kindred
agencies, in bringing about valuable reforms—re-
forms which have inaugurated beneficial changes
and a vitalizing policy, without which we might
not have had even the victories which to-day mil-
lions applaud.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have been under a
great misapprehension, as it seems, as to whom
our gratitude was properly due on this occasion.
I believed it was generally supposed that we owed
these victories to the valor of our Army and the
skill of our generals.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If this committee had
any instrumentality in it, I have never understood
that. I myself have been misled in supposing
that our gratitude was due to the officers and sol-
diers ofthe great West. But I did not intend to
say so much about this committee. It is to its or-
ganization that I object; I think it is full of danger
of collision between the various departments of
the Government. I rose principally for the pur-
pose of saying a word in vindication of one whom
I urn proud to call my friend—a friend of forty
years. This whole statement, the tendency of
it evidently is to bring a charge against General
Scott, that he unwisely urged on the battle of
Bull Hun against the protest of the President of
the United States.
Mr. GOOCH. IfthegentlemanfromKentucky
will permit me to interrupt him, I wish to inquire
of him if anything has fallen from my lips, or
from any member of the committee on the con-
duct of the war, reflecting upon or intended m
anywise to impeach the conduct of General Scott?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not ut all.
Mr. GOOCH. Either through the newspapers,
or through any report of their proceedings?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am proud to say that
I have heard nothing ofthe sort, and I trust that
I never shall. But the charge has been made by
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] that
General Scott mged on that battle against the pro-
test of the President. Now,gentlemen,I take that
statement as offensive. You all know in what re-
lations and upon what terms the President and
the then commanding general lived here together
in the city of Washington; that they were on
terms of intimate confidcncc and friendship; that
there, was between them perfect harmony and con-
cert of action. And so far as my information ex-
tends, those terms continued unaltered from the
time the President came into power until the day
when General Scott separated himself from the
active command of the Army of the country. And
then every gentleman will remember with what
expressions of kindness, friendship, and confi-
dence the President parted with him. It was com- 1
mended over the whole nation. I
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to permit I
me to make a single statement in this connection. 1
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will yield to the gen- ,
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I dislike to interfere with the j
gentleman; but 1 am compelled to object to any
mteriuption. I will state, if the gentleman fiom
Kentucky will permit me, that I want to bring up '
this morning an important bill, alter the discus- !
sion of this matter shall have been closed. '
Now, this debate is, at any rate, only incidental !
to the resolution befoie the House, and if it is
desirable that H shall be continued,! a-d\ they,-')! ■
tleman from Kentucky to allow the iewolution for :
appointing a stenographer to pass, and allow the
debate to be postponed until some other occasion.
Mr. KELLEY. I will not take two minutes;
and the statement I wish to make is perfectly per-
tinent to what the gentleman from Kentucky is
saying. I trust I shall be allowed to interrupt the
gentleman.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am willing to yield
to the gentleman, if I am permitted to do so.
The SPEAI£ER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois persist in his objection to the gentleman
from Kentucky yielding the floor?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; I will give way for
this time.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish merely to state, in con-
nection with what the gentleman froni Kentucky
was saying, a single fact pertaining to the late
Secretary of War.
Mr. GLIN. Oh, I object to the gentleman
from Kentucky yielding for any such purpose as
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked whether
there was objection, and no objection was made;
the gentleman commenced his remarks, and the
Chair thinks it is now too late to object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is that all this discussion is
irrelevant to the proposition, and entirely out of
place. It is not discussion upon the bill at all,
but upon the general conduct of the war.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
question of providing facilities to the committee
in their investigations opens incidentally a pretty
wide range of discussion as to the matters upon
which the committee itself was constituted.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is certainly a very large
range that gentlemen are indulging in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will be allowed to
speak in the time of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 wish to state a single fact—.
just a sentence or two. The late Secretary of
War, on the night before the battle of Bull Run,
returned from the neighborhood of the battle, with
the information of the arrival of a part of John-
ston's force, and then suggested the propriety of
postponing the contemplated engagement on the
next day. I~Ie also protested against the sending
of four regiments that were to have gone away
that morning up the Potomac.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought the gentle-
man wanted to ask me a question.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I distinctly asked the
gentleman to yield to enable me to state a fact.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wished to speak a
woid or two upon the subject of this charge
of the gentleman from Missouri. Could it be
that the President of the United States, the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army ofthe United States,
had protested agamsta battle being fought on that
day, and yet the general in command had fought
that battle and lost it against such a protest?
Would not the President have felt some resent-
ment, and would not his public duty have required
it? Would he have continued upon the same con-
fidential, intimate, and kind terms towards agen-
'*!al who had disobeyed his orders, and fought
and lost a battle against his protest?
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise again to a question
of order. I submit again that the discussion by
the gentleman from Kentucky of the conduct of
the war has no relcvancy to the joint resolution
providing for the appointment of a stenographer
of a committee. I rise to this question of order,
and I ask the Chair to decide it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide as
he did before, that he cannot see that it is in his
power to arrest debate upon the general objects of
the committee upon a proposition to appoint a
stenographer for the committee.
Mi. CRITTENDEN. I was proceeding to say
that it is prima facie evidence, if what the gentle-
man from Missouri states he has upon correct in-
formation be true, that there is more to the state-
ment than the gen tleman has given us. Who knows
but what the President, if he made tins protest,
after consultation with his Cabinet and with high
military authorities, was led to believe he was
wrong,and withdrewal! objection? Is it reason-
able to believe that the President would have
allowed his confidential relations to remain un-
changed with a general who had disobeyed him,
and not only that, but disre^ardiuu his solemn
pioieut, bad peisustcd tn lighting the buttle and
