1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2887'
vided the same can be done;" so that the clause
will read:
That tiie several railroads from Missouri and Iowa here-
in authonzed to connect with the same, can make tlie con-
nection within the limits prescribed in this act, provided the
same can be done without deviating fiom the geneial direc-
tion of the whole line to the Pauilie coatt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another verbal
amendment, in liiiu twenty-eight of the same, after
the word 44 of," to insert the words " the meiid-
ian of*," so that it will read:
The routo in Kansas, west of the meridian of Fort Riley
to the aforesaid point, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. On the same page, in
line thirty-one, after the word " States," I move
to insert the words " and to be determined by him
on actual survey," so that the clause will read:
The route in Kansas west of the meridian of Foit Riley
to the aloresaid point on the one hundredth meridian of
longitude, to be f-ubjeet to the approval of the PiesideiU of
the United States, and to be deteniimed by him on actual
survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 14, after the word
"States," in line ten of section eight, I move to
insert the words " after actual surveys;" so as to
read, " a point to be fixed by the Presidentof the
United States, after actual surveys."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the twentieth line of
section twelve, on page 20, I desire to offer the
following amendment; after the word " line," to
insert:
And Congiess may at any time regulate or alter the time"
table of the main line and blanches, and may fix the rates
foi carrying passengers and freight over the •said road.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that. There is already a provision in
the bill which is ample protection in regard to
that matter.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand from gen-
tlemen that this provision is already in the bill.
I should like to inquire what provision there is in
the bill that gives Congress this power? If there
is such a clause in the bill, I do not desire to insist
upon the amendment; but 1 have offered it for this
reason: we have difficulties in the State of Mis-
souri now, just such difficulties as may spring up
out of the construction of different and independ-
ent roads, as contemplated in this bill; and it
really strikes me that in order to avoid them in
this case, wo should make a provision of the kind
which Inowpropose. I am not very desirous on
the subject, because if there is anything to be
gained I suppose it will be on the end roads,
•where they can control this matter; but if it be the
desire of the Senate to avoid the difficulties that
may spring up, such as I know exist in my own
State in regard to the roads there, and which dif-
ficulties wo cannot now by legislation remedy, I
think thov will adopt the amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. We provide for it by a sub-
sequent clause.
Air. HENDERSON. If the Senator will tarn
me to it 1 shall be satisfied.
Mr. LATHAM, llisin the eighteenth section.
Mr. HENDERSON. The repealing section?
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am satisfied that that
does not give the power.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Before the word
" Atchison," on page 20, in section thirteen, line
three, I move to insert44 Elwood and;'' so as to
read:
That the Hannibal and St. Joseph Itadroad Company, of ;
Missouri, may extend ib road fiom St. Joseph, via Elwood !
and Atchison, to connect, &c. i
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to inquire of the Sen- |
ator whore Elwood is ? I
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. EUvood is on the J
west bank of the Missouri river, almost opposite j
the city of St. Joseph. !
Mr. SUMNER. Then this is to give the Han- J
nibol and St. Joseph road the alternative of going j
by the way of Atchison or Elwood, as I under- :
stand.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. No, it must
necessarily go by both, if the amendment be
adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senate will not
take any moie votes upon this question. We have
voted on it twice by yeas and nays and once
without the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to understand
the pioposition. I do not yet understand its
effect.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. The proposition
is that the road shall cross the river from Missouri
into the State of Kansas at the city of St. Joseph.
That is the only change proposed by this amend-
ment. I lesisted, yesterday or the day before, the
insertion of the words " via Atchison" in this
section, because I believed it made an unnecessary
curve in the road; but the Senate adopted that
amendment, and I now desire that this road shall
cross the river to the town of Elwood, in the State
of Kansas, from the city of St. Joseph, instead of
going down on the north side in the State of
Missouri. I will state further,thata road has been
partially constructed from the town of Elwood
in the direction of Atchison; that it has been
graded some seventeen miles and the track has
been laid down, I think, some five or six miles,
and the company has a charter to extend that
road with the view of connectingit with this great
Pacific road.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 voted for the amendment to
insert the words " via Atchison." I am disposed
to think now that the Senate made a mistake in
in adopting that amendment; that there ought to
be no such limitation in the bill as 44 via Atchi-
son," and I wish to know of the Senator from
Missouri whether the amendment which he now
proposes removes the objection?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. It does not. I
have it not in my power to remove that objection.
I voted in the minority; I have no right to move
a reconsideration. I am only making the best of
what seems to be the order of the Senate by their
vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I understand the posi-
tion of the Senator; and if it is in order I wish to
move to reconsider the vote of the Senate by which
the words " via Atchison" were inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That, will be
in order after the pending amendment shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I withdraw my
amendment, if the Senator wishes to move a recon-
sideration of that vote.
The PRESIDENT pro itmpoie. The amend-
ment being withdrawn, the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts is in order to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate agreed to insert the
words 44 via Atchison" in the third line of the
thirteenth section.
Mr. SUMNER. The sentence is this:
That the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company of
Missouri may extend its road fiom St. Jo-eph, via Atchibon,
to conncct and unite with the road thiough Kansas.
I move to reconsider the vote of the Senate by
which the words 44 via Atchison" were iiisei ted.
If you look at the map, sir, you will see that by
inserting those words " via Atchison," the road
is canietl south, out of the way, deflecting from
its straight course. I do not know, and I am not
in a condition to say, that the road may be con-
tinued in its straight course, because I do not know
what the objections might be m the features of
the land. Looking at the map the road is deflcctcd
from the straight course. Therefore on the facc
of it, looking at the map, there is an objection to
this proposition. But still further I understand
that there is an act of incorporation giving to the
Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company the
right to continue their line through this Territory
straight 
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; there is not.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that, there is
something of thatnature. The Senator from Kan-
sas says that there is nothing of that kind.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know of any actof
mcot poration of that kind in Kansas. I explained
this matter to the Senator yesterday morning, and
he at that time voted with the majority.
Mr. SUMNER. I know I voted with the ma-
jority, and it is on that ground that I make the
'motion to reconsider.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator was
perfectly satisfied with the explanation.
Mr. SCJMNER. It seems to me if the Senate
will look at the map, they will perceive that theie
is a positive deviation which is entirely unneces-
sary, and it is a deviation which certainly will be
injurious to the interests of the Hannibal and St.
Joseph road. I merely wished-todo whatLcould
to keep that road on an equality with the rest, so
that while we are constructing this great road, we
may not injure another which has already been
of very gieat service to Missouri, if not to the
whole country.
Mr. POMEROY. I showed to the Senator that
if you make the connection within one hundred
miles from St. Joseph you still have to go south;
you cannot help the deviation. The only reason
why we proposed to put Atchison in the bill is,
thata road is already completed to that point.
The Senate, by three distinct votes, have settled
that question.
Mr. PiENDERSON. I desire to say one word
in reference to this matter. I do not know what
the legislation of Kansas in regard to it has been,
but it really strikes me that it is improper for the
Senate, no matter what that legislation may have
been, to adopt this amendment inserting the words
44 via Atchison,"and tomakeitapartofthcPacific
railroad line. It strikes me that the Senator from
Kansas can obtain everything that he desires by
having this provision inserted in a Kansas charter,
provided that be the desire of the Kansas people;
but suppose that the people of the State of Kansas
should be opposed to this arrangement that we are
inflicting on this line; suppose thata large, over-
whelming majority of the people of Kansas them-
selves should be opposed to this provision in the
bill. I should like to know if it is possible that
you mean that this company cannot avail them-
selves of the grant given in this bill for the one
hundred miles without going by Atchison, and di-
verging from a main straight hrte a distance of
twenty-one miles. I call the attention of Senators
to the fact that if this provision is left in the bill
no road can be aided or assisted on a line to the
Pacific ocean without deflecting and going off a
main line there for twenty-one miles; that is, it
is an angle of at least forty-live degrees going down
the Missouri i iver, instead of going on a rightline.
The Hannibal and St. Joseph road is fully com-
pleted np to St. Joseph. Is it not really essential
in the construction of the main trunk from the one
hundredth meridian west, across the mountains,
to have transportation over this road and over the
most direct road? I undertake to say that the
larger portion of the materials entering into the
construction of the mam trunk of the road must
come from the States east of that main trunk; and
requiring the construction of the main line so many
miles out of the main route will force, for all time
to come, transportation over an additional length
of road in order to build the main trunk.
It will be remembered thatour road is not com-
plete from St. Louis up to Kansas City; but after
the passage of this act, I suppose it will be com-
pleted at a very early day; indeed, I am satisfied
that arrangements are aheady made, in case of the
passage of this bill, to have the road constructed
in a very short time; but at present there is but
the one road constructed to the borders of Kan-
sas, and when you take into consideration the fact
that the transportation must be largely made over
this road, it will readily be perceived that it is an
injury to the Government of the United States to
have this deflection, and to cause transportation
to be diverted for all time to come in the construc-
tion of the main trunk road. It really seems to
me that if Senators will look at the map for one
moment they must see that it is a great wrong to
this company.
Now, let me call the attention of the Senate to
another thing: it is proposed to give to this com-
pany land and bonds for only a hundred miles, it
matters not how long their branch runs. You
give to the two Iowa branches land and money
out to the one hundredth meridian of west longi-
tude; but that is not the case with the Missouri
branches. You give the Kansas branch only out
to that longitude; but you give to the Hannibal
and St. Joseph company, which is in a direct line
with the great eastern roads connecting at Chi-
cago, land and money for only one hundred miles,
which forces them to make a connection by turn-
ing south or, perhaps, by turning north. My
idea is to leave this matter open, and to give them
land and money for one hundred miles, and if yo>u
will not give them any more, let them, at least,
build the road west, and connect at the one hun-
dredth meridian with the other roads. That would
be fair. I shall not ask the Senate to give any
additional money or land to this company; but
