856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
the sens, ami publish costly volumes of undigested corre-
spondence relating to foreign trac\e,it is a soutce of pain to
every statesman and political economist to reficct that it is
only once in ten yeais that the country is supplied with
reliable returns icspeeting the value of our agriculture and
manufactures, while altogether ignorant of the extentof our
internal commerce, and possess no means of ascertaining
its importance.
" All enlightened foreign Governments and several of the
States sustain statistical bureaus, while the United States,
with a population second to no other in intelligence, and
with productions and resources the most varied, have yet
to institute an agency which would piove an invaluable
guardian of our most material interests. The want of such
as bureau has long been felt, and lias been frequently brought
to the notice of Congress, but at no period has the neces-
sity been so universally recognized as at the present."
ft w conceded on all hands that the farming interest is
the basis of all other interests, and the primary source of
national prospeiity. The outlines of the use and decay of
the Roman empire could have been written in the fields
which environed the capltol as well as in her libraries,
amid historical records. The cultivation of the earth was
the first duty assigned to man, and it will of necessity be
his latest work. When its culture shall have reached its
highest point of perfection, under the guidance of science,
arr, and skill, man may hope to find the whole earth tians-
forined into the beautiful garden that he left in the olden
time.
It is noticeable that no class has so much eulogistic lan-
guage bestowed upon it by public men as the farmers.
They are numerous, they are worthy, they have votes, and
they must, theiefore, have pleasant words. But the homeJy
pioverb says il soft words butter no paisnips." While law-
makers have spoken very pleasant and truthful words about
farming and its inteiests, they have done very little for this
interest. A small appropuntion is indeed annually made
for the distnbution of seeds and plants. This has been done
under the supervision of the Commissioner of Patents,
whose loading and engiossing business is in another direc-
tion. With this department agriculture has no necessary
or even natural connection. It has been tolerated rather
than fostered, and suffered often from neglect and misman-
agement.
Your committee propose to rescue it from this unde-
served subordinate:' otacuuty, as well as from this hurtful
mismanagement, by transforming it tiom a clerkship to the
grade of coinimssionei, and by attaching to it a *alaiy which
*>hall command talent and integrity above mediocuty and
above suspicion. It may be asked why not have a minister
of commerce, of umuufaetuie*, as well as a miniver of
agriculture? In reply to thn, the committee would state
that in mon countries these interests are represented in the
Government by a distinct bureau or minu ter, lint there is
this also to be considered. The eommeioml and manufac-
turing interests!, being locally limited and eontialized, can
easily combine and make themselves felt in the Halls of
legislation and in the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment. Not a session of Congress passes without this
being clearly, and sometimes painfully, evident. New York
and Lowell have often more immediate mliuence in direct-
ing and molding national legislation than all the farming
interest in the country. Agriculture clad in homespun is
very apt to be elbowed aside by capital attired in ten-dollar
Yorkshire. Every Government in Europe, your committee
think, without exception, has an agricultural department
connectcd with it.
Your committee desire to add a few words as to the util-
ity of the department under consideration. H«rc a wide
field opens before us, at which we can only glance. The
processes of nature, by which and through which the earth
teeds and clothes us inhabitant, are hut partially and im-
perfectly known.
Yet, the laws which contiol the operations of nature in
the pioduefions of the eaith .ire -o uniform that we need
only to know them to calculate with a ppio.vunate exactness
the rcbuit of our toil. Jlence thus knowledge is of incalcu-
lable importance. The nature of diffeient soils, to what par-
ticular crops they have special or peculiar adaptation, {he
amount and clmiactci of nutumcnt ab uacted liom the soil
hjr any particular crop which i-, giown upon ir, the amount
of seed to be sown or planted to the acie, the adipose and
muscular tissue which the diflerent grasses, cereals, and
vegetables will place upon beeves, swine, and fchcep, and
even poultiy—aecnrab' knowledge on the^e and all cognate
subjects is of the highest impottance to the fanner." But
accurate knowledge of this kind can be obtained only by
experiment, and by such and so long continued experiments
as to place it beyond the power ot individuals or ordinary
voluntary associations to make them.
fn England it is true thai individual proprietors of im-
mense landed estates have done much jn this dnection. In
Fiance it is rhfleirnt, and the Government in that country
has done veiy much to piomote agucuiuunl science. In
different parts of the kingdom theie aie oxpcumcntal sta-
tions wheie itis ascertained, with great (■\<ietne>s, what
amount of flesh a pound of hay and of other varieties of food
will add to the ditlcient kinds of animals. If will be seen
at a glance that tho results of these expw i meats are invalu-
able to the people at laige, lor whose benefit they are pub-
lished by the Government. Experiments aie also made in
rogaidto the growth ot cereals and vegciables. In Belgium
a monthly publication is made of the agucultural statistics,
informing the producers of the state ot the crop*, and at the
haivest attordiug them the data upon winch to lbim a judg-
ment «s to the value of those crop*.
Although England has neaiiy doubled her population
since the ume that the grcatei pait of her land has been un-
der cultivation, yet, owing to the improved modes ofcultme
resulting from scientific experiment, that nation imports
ordinarily no more bread-stuffs, in pioportion to hei popu-
lation, than before, It is id that the man who makes two
blades of jjrass grow where but one grew bofoie is a bene-
factor of jus race. If five additional bushels of wheat and
ten of com could he made to giow on each aero sown or
planted, the additional piofit, compaied with the outlav,
would be b'-yond computation. To do thin it only needs to
restore the arable land to its pusune vigor, and "to secure
careful husbandry. This will, before many years, become
a necessity, for our population lias already reached a par-
allel of lougitude going westward beyond which rains do
not descend. We cannot for very many years depend upon
virgin soils, and must look to some mode of restoring or i e-
tainuig their original strength and productiveness.
Fruits also have a myriad enemy in the form of insects
with and without wings. Sometimes they destroy the hope
and promise of an entire orchaid. How can we protect
ouiseives against the injuries they inflict ?
It is also very important to the farmer to know the agri-
cultural statistics of the country that lie may approximate
the value of his crops from year to year. Very many of
the statistics of the Census Bureau naturally belong to
this department, and ultimately your committee think that
entire bureau may be transferred to the agricultural depart-
ment, but at present deem it unwise to make the transfer,
especially so far as the mere enumeration of the people and
their classification is concerned, and this, indeed, is all that
would seem originally and properly to belong to the census.
In view of these considerations, and many more which will
suggest themselves to minds of members, your committee
unite in recommending to the House the following bill for
its adoption.
All which is respectfully submitted.
OWEN LOVEJOY, Chairman.
DWIGIIT LOOMIS.
, CHARLES B. CALVERT.
CYRUS ALDRfCII.
EDWARD HENRY SMITH.
JACOB P. CIIAMI3ERLIN.
JOI1N P. C. SHANKS.
JOSEPH DAILY.
SAMUEL T. WORCESTER.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I make the point of
order that that bill must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The rule provides that all proceedings
touching appropriations of money snail be con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the bill makes an appropriation. Bills
fixing salaries have never been considered as ap-
propriation bills. The salaries cannot be paid
until appropriations are regularly made for that
purpose. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I understand that there is no
disposition to debate this bill, and I therefore call
for the previous question on its third reading and
engrossment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the attention
of the gentleman to the fourth section, which
ought to be amended.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. There is a disposi-
tion to discuss the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to yield me the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman-from New
York lias stated that he rises to a point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me, that 1 may suggest an
amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to vote for
this bill in a shape which I hope will meet the con-
currence of the House; but the fourth scction is
very loosely drawn*, and I would call the attention
of tlic gentlemen of the Agricultural Committee
to it.
Mr. MALLORY. I would state to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that itis in reference to that very
point that I wished to make a suggestion to the
gentleman from Illinois. I think I have an amend-
ment which will meet the point.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will yield to the
gentleman as soon as I gut through with stating
my point of objection. The bill reads:
That the Commissioner of Agriculture shall appoint a
clucf clcik, with a salary of §2,000, and such other em-
ployes as may be necessary, with salaries eoirespondmgto
the salaues of similar officeis m other Depaitments of the
Government.
I prefer to have the number of clerks limited,
and the salaries fixed; otherwise, a hundred or
two hundred may be appointed. We have seen
enough of abuses in all departments of the Gov-
ernment to justify very much strictness in that
particular.
Again, the bill says:
And he shall, as occasion may require, employ other per-
son--, for *ueh tune as their service* may be needed—
of course, in his judgment—
including chemists, botanists, entomologists, and other per
sons skilled in the natuiul sciences pertaining to agneul-
tuie.
I trust the gentleman will allow me to move to
strike out all after and including the words " and
he shall," and perhaps the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] may suggest some amend-
ment proscribing a limit as to the appointment of
employes, and making more definite the matter of
salaries.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to hear the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Kentucky in ref-
erence to the salaries.
Mr. MALLORY. I will make this suggestion;
and if the gentleman will permit me, I will move
to strike out in the fourth line of the fourth sec-
tion the words " may be necessary,55 and insert
" Congress may from time to time prescribe."
The House will then see that the clause will read:
That the Commissioner of Agriculture shall appofntachief
clerk, with a salary of $2,000, and such other employes as
Congress may from time to time prescribe.
I then propose to move to strike out in the sixth
line the words "as occasion may require,55 and
insert "as Congress may from time to time pre-
scribe."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That will be very
much better than the present form.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment, which I think the gentleman from Illinois
will accept.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless it is understood that
this bill is open generally for amendment, I ob-
ject to the gentleman from Illinois yielding.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to suggest this
amendment to the gentleman from Illinois—and
I think he will accept it—to strike out in line four,
section one, the word " Department," and insert
" bureau;" and in the second section to strikeout
" $5,000," and insert " $3,000."
Mr. CALVERT. 1 hope that will not be done.
Mr. TRAIN. I would like to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will hear it.
Mr. TRAIN. It is that the words " at the seat
of Government of the United States," in section
one, be stricken out, and the words " in the De-
partment of the Interior" be substituted; so that
the first amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will read: "that there shall be
established in the Department of the Interior a
Bureau of Agriculture."
Mr. HICKMAN. That is my suggestion ex-
actly. I will also say I think $3,000 is a sufficient
compensation for the head of a bureau.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that these
amendments cannot be received except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now call for the question
upon the first amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] to strike
out the words,in the fourth section," may be ne-
cessary,"and insert" Congress may from time
to time prescribe;" and I call the previous ques-
tion upon all the amendments.
The SPEAKER. There is only one amend-
ment pending, exccpt by unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to the other
amendments. I move that the bill be committed
to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is upon the floor.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has moved the previous question.
Mr, HICKMAN, I understand that the gen-
tleman fiom Illinois accepts the amendments I
have suggested.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman cannotaccept
the amendments, as the bill is reported from a com-
mittee.
t Mr. HICKMAN. Then I offer a bill embra-
cing my amendments, as a substitute for this bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. The only pending amend-
ment is the first amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois accepted my amendments.
The SPEAKER. This bill is reported from a
committee, and the gentleman from Illinois has
no power to accept an amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from. Kentucky is
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The first amendment he
moved is before the House.
