1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2839
pealing to the citizens of Missouri and the citizens
of Kansas to remain at home and at peace with
cach other. I made speeches to that effect along1
the entire border; but that counsel Missouri dis-
regarded, and if Kansas is even with Missouri, it
is because she has been true to herflagand true to
her country. We have m the discharge of our
duty avenged somewhat the wrongs that were
heaped upon us m 1^55,1856, and 1857, but it
has been in the high di&clnnge ofduty to the coun-
try and in obedience to orders, and we have done
no act that was not necessary to crush out rebel-
lion within the bordr-t s of that State. I ask Mi.
Piesident, that this question may be settled here,
that! he Senate may decide as between loyal Atch-
ison and disloyal St. Joseph.
Mr. HENDERSON. If any remarks that I
have made constituted a foundation or an excuse
for the very extraordinary speech that wo have
just heard, I should think less of it. I suppose
'the remark of mine from which it sprang was that
at one time there were unfortunate difficulties be-
tween Missouii and Kansas, but that the people
of Missouri got no advantage fiom them. There
were lawless men who did engage in a great many
wrongs; but I think there were some wrongs upon
the oilier side; and my impression is that no one
party got much the advantage of the other 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Missouri 
The presiding- officer, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) Does the Senator fiom Missouri yield
to the Senator from Kansas?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask a categorical
answer to the question, does the Senator know a
single outrage that was efcer perpetrated by the
people of Kansas upon the people of Missouri?
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order, and
the question is, whether we are obliged to settle
this old controveisy between Kansas and Mis-
souii upon this hill.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; nnd you will not 1
get it so far as i am concerned. I desiie to state
that I was far off from those scenes at the time;
but somehow or other the gentleman seems to in-
timate that I, from my remailc, desired to be un-
derstood as reflecting upon the regular troops of
Kansas who have been in our State in defense of
the Union cause. If such be the case, 1 say that
the Senator has lost his breath, because 1 assure
you, Mr. President, that the tioops of Kansas
have done great service m my State; butasto many
of those troops, or many who were called troops—
I do not know whether they were in the re ul«u
service or not—I have undeistood that jay-hawk-
ing bands, apoition of them of Missouri and a
portion of them of Kansas, have been engaged in
depredations upon the people of Missouri. I do
not live near the bolder of Missouii; but I know
that frequent inclusions have been made from my
State into the Senator's State, and 1 have learned
that frequent incursions have been made from his
State into mine. Is that a reflection upon the peo-
ple of Kansas or upon the State of KansasJ By
no means. I cannot make every man in Kansas
an honest man, nor can I make every man in Mis-
souri an honest man. I cannot make every man
in any State of the Union au honest man. 1 do
not reflect upon the people of Kansas or the State
of Kansas by any remarks that I have made. But,
sir, the Senator will not deny that wrongs have
been inflicted as well by his people upon mine as
by mine upon his; and that was all that I designed
to say when 1 stated that I thought the advantages
were not very great on either side; but in refer-
ence to our present tioubles 1 said nothing; in
reference to the " invasion" of Missouu I said
nothing. I did not use that word at all, and that
word will not appear in my remarks. 1 do not
think that the regular troops of the United btates
ev^r invaded a State. They have a light top)
wheroever thev are ordered in any pait of tne
United States." Sir, 1 have said all that I desired
to say.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in making the
simple proposition that I did, littledtd I expect to
revive an ancient controversy which I had sup-
posed was buried. I remember too vi\idly all thai
passed between Kansas and Missouii, and at the
time Look so irieat a part m its discussion that I
have no disposition now to biing it torw ai d ai>ain.
"Let the dead past bury its dead." 1 shall not
even for a moment enter into that part of the dis-
cussion ; I leave it to the Senator from Kansas and
the Senator from Missouri.
The simple proposition which I presented was,
whether the proposed road should be limited to
the town of Atchison; in other words, whether
the phrase " via Atchison " should remain in the
bill or not. My attention had been called to the
question by persons interested; and it appeared to
me, on looking at the map, as 1 have already
stated, that ihere was a positive deviation. I was
anxious to know the reason for that deviation. It
did appear to me also, from what I heard, that the
proposed deviation could not be advantageous—
that is a mild form of expressing it—to the inter-
ests of the Hannibal and St. Joseph road. I now
learn fiom the Senators from Kansas that that de-
viation cannot in any respect be disadvantageous
to the Hannibal and St. Joseph road. The Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] is very positive in
his assurance on that point. There are no Sena-
tors on the floor so competent to speak on that
point as the two Senators from Kansas. The part
of the road now in question lies within the bound-
aries of their State; they must be supposed to
have more particular knowledge with regard to it
than any of the rest of us; and when they speak
as positively as they do with regard to it, 1 must
say that I cannot hear what they say without
being impressed by it.
1 feel that if I had had the advantage before I
made the motion of what they have stated, I should
have hesitated befoie making it. I feel uncertain,
at least, whether the proposition that I made ought
to prevail. I cannot, however, regret that I made
it, because it has given those Senatois the oppor-
tunity of explaining the necessity of this devia-
tion, and has i^one far to remove the difficulties
which seemed to me to he in that direction.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish simply to correct
a misapprehension that was indulged in yester-
day by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Claric,] (hough I think he was peihaps satisfy
aftei waids that it was a misapprehension of the
m« aning of the thii teenth section of the bill, but
it is a niisappi ehension that the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomlroy] falls into again fo-day,
in supposing that the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road, by the terms ofthe bill, is compelled to make
a connection with the Pacific road within the dis-
tance of one hundred miles from St. Joseph.^That
is not my understanding of the bill, nor is it the
construction that would propeily be put upon the
language ofthe bill, if that had been the teims
of the bill, it never could have received the in-
dorsement of the committee, I think. The pro-
vision of the bill is " that the Hannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad Company of Missouri may ex-
tend its roads from St. Joseph via Atchison to
connect and unite with the load thiough Kansas
upon filing its assent to the provi-ions of this act,
upon the same terms and conditions, in all re-
spects, for one hundred miles in length next to
the Missouii liver as aie piovided in this act for
the construction" of the other routes. That is to
say, for one hundied miles in length next the
Missouii liver it gets the lands and the bonds upon
piecisely the same terms and to the same extent
that the other portions of the road east ol the base
of the Rocky mountains do get them; but it is not
compelled to go south with its line of road to form
a connection with a road the main body of which
lies north of it. It may run that road, if it is the
best route for it, due west. By the terms of the
bill, if the words "via Atchison" were stricken
out, there would be nothing to compel a deflec-
tion from a due east and west line. It may bo
that it would be the best route to take the road by
Atchison, and that the natuial conformation of
the country would require it to go by Atchison.
So the Senator from Kansas says the fact is. If
it be so, there is no necessity for the words "via
Atchison" m the bill, and I thmk it is unfortu-
nate that they were put there. I do not now re-
member that there is any other one place between
the Missouri river and the Pacific coast that is
made a point in the bill and a necessity that the
road shall pass through that place. 1 think it
would be better only to fix the termini of these
roads, and leave the engine'.rs who go upon the
routes, and those who are interested in making
them, to put them upon the bestand most eligible
route on which they be constructed. If Atch-
ison lies upon the best and most eligible loute, .
the road will go there; if it does not no m the 'I
route of the best and most eligible line, the road
ought not to go there; and in either event it
would be better that the words should not be in
the bill. It is a misapprehension to^suppose that,
as the bill now stands with these words out, the
Hannibal and St. Joseph road is compelled to
make a deflection to the south. It is not so; it
may go due west. If it were subject to the con-
struction that some Senators have put upon it, to
compel this road to make a connection within a
hundred miles, the section would not be in the
bill in the language it is.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 'The Senator from
Illinois is mistaken. By an amendment made to the
hill in the Senate a discrimination ismade against
Kansas, and the main line through Kansas is
compelled to start at Kansas City. The State of
Missouri has the advantage of the starting point
of the main line, and you struck out the Leaven-
worth branch. Now we ask that one town in
Kansas may be made a point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
concurred in the amendment inserting the words
" via Atchison,"in the third line of the thirteenth
section, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—MesMs. Browning, Davis, Harris, Henderson,
Howe, Kennedy, King, Latham, Nesmlth, Pe.irce, Powell.
Iltce. 6j.ni k, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson of Missouri, ana
Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon, Dooilttle, Foot, Foster,Grimes, Hale, Har-
lan, IJow.ud, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDou-
pall. MoitiM, i'omcroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, nnd VVilsou of Massachusetts—24.
So the motion to leconsider was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to move that the
fipc.iion be amended by inserting after the word
" Kansas," in the tenth line, the following words:
Pro ruled, That if actual suiveysr shall render it desirable,
the said company may construct their road with the consent
ofthe Kan&as- Legislature en the most direct and practicable
loute west from 6t. Joseph, Missouii, so as to connect and
unire with the load leading fiom the western boundary of
Iowa at any point east ofthe one hundredth meiidian of
west longitude, oi with the main trunk road at said point;
but in no event shall land or bonds be given lothe said com-
pany, a-, herein provided, to aid in the construction of said
toad for a gieater distance than one hundred milea.
This leaves it entirely to the Kansas Legisla-
ture. If they want it to go by Atchison, they
can so direct.
Mr. POMEROY. The great objection to this
amendment is that it will cause a delay of a year
or two, when the cars are already there. I do not
want to discuss the question, but it is just an in-
cumbrance, a hinderance,a delay, and 1 hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays-, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&r*. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Foot, Fo«tei, Giuncs, Hale, Harris, Hen-
derson, Uowani, Howe, Kennedy, King, Latham, McDou-
gall, Momll, Nr-mith, Pearce, Powell, Rice, Sherman,
Staik, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull. Wilkinson, Willcy,
Wiimot, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri,
and Wright—34.
NAYS—MobSia. Chandler, Dixon, DooJittle, Harlan,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy, and Wade—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move further to amend the
bill by striking out on page 2G all after the word
" that"inline one of section eighteen down to and
including the word "and" in line eight. The sub-
ject-matter of that provision is already embraced,
and more than embraced, in the additional section
which I offered a few minutes ago, and which was
adopted by the Senate. I suppose there is no ob-
jection to this amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. There is no objection to it.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
Said company, if consolidated, and if not, cach of said
companies completing a portion of said road under this act,
shall make ami file with the Secretary of the Interior a
nearly ietinn,duh certified bj the pioper officers,mid veri-
fied by the oath of the president or w-cretary of said company
or each of said companies., showing the eo=t, earnings,
income, and expenditures bl said lailioad and telegraph
liiie us accuiately as possible ; and
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan that the word " thereby," in l'!e n'rit"
line, should also be stricken out.
