1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18*9-
not to be convinced,) that we have nothing to do
with the command of the Army. Oar function
is to provide the means to raise it, the means to
equip it; and our power over it and over the Pres-
ident in the command of it is simply our power
over the supplies which keep it on foot in the
field. It is precisely the power which the English
Parliament has over the English army in thefield,
and no more; and the President, in the command
of the At my, and in directing its operations, is,
in my humble judgment, just as supreme and as
independent of any direction from Congress, or
the judiciary, or anybody else, as the King of
Great Britain is in the command of the armies of
Great Britain. Why, sir, it is bnly to read the
horn-books to know this; and more, it is only to
read them to know the reason of it; and that rea-
son is overwhelming, and no man can answer it.
It is, that no deliberate assembly, such as this,
has ever undertaken the command and direction
of the operations of an army with success. The
war is to be carried on under the direction and
control of a single head. If we cannotagreeupon
our constitutional power as to the right to pass a
confiscation bill, which involves only a question
of constitutional law, how can it be expected that
we can manage the operations of an army which
requires intimate knowledge of a vast number of
facts complicated in their nature, and which can
never be known to us?
Mr. President, I am as much in favor of put-
ting, not the mere idle, empty declarations of this
Congress, but the actual force of the nation itself
against the rebels. That which is effective, and
that which is only effective now-to reach them, I
desire as much as any other man living. I stand
behind no man in that behalf. At the same time, I
do not think it necessary that I should lose my head
about it on all occasions, or that I should bluster,
fulminate, and denounce everybody who does not
happen to agree with me as to my way of doing
it. If Senators have another method by which
this force is to be applied to the enemy, they may
entertain it for aught I care. All I ask is that others
have a decent respect for me and for my opinion.
I want the force applied, and I am perfectly satis-
fied to intrust the direction of that foice, the com-
mand and control of our armies, as against the
rebellion, to the President and his military advis-
ers, and I do so simply because they know all
about that duty, and I know nothing. What can
I know? I am not, in the first place, a military
man, intrusted with command; in the next, lam
not in the presence of the enemy, and if I were at
this present speaking, I think I should not be
rash enough to interpose my judgment as to what
was best to be done upon any given contingency.
And, sir, while refraining from thrusting my
judgment in upon all and every occasion whercit
is entirely uncalled for, I think it is only the part
of prudence that I should withhold it. Then, !
with regard to the subject now before the Senate,
a subject upon which all people seem to differ
more or less in their views, I have proposed a
reference; and if in that reference, where I sup-
pose all shades of opinion will be represented,
nothing can be agreed upon; if men, all equally
patriotic, men all equally desirous to do the best
for the country in their own way, cannot agree,
then, I should think it was conclusive evidence j
that such a measure was not at this time either
lawful or politic. If, on the other hand, there is
anything feasible which can be done, of course
they will find it, and it will be submitted to the
Senate in such form as to have the advantage of
all the previous discussionsupon the subjecthcre.
I cannot conceive that there is anything im-
proper, anything rash, or anything tending to de-
lay m this, if it tends to anything, it tends to a
speedy teimination of the business, by giving a
chance to compact a bill and bring it before us in
a shorter lime than we will get it here by means
of amendments: and, what is more, it is calcu-
lated, I think', to give us the measure in a better
shape by endeavoring to reconcile and to pickout
from ail the measures before the Senate such parts
as might be advisable to form into a new whole.
] therefore trust that the motion will prevail.
There is no especial haste in this matter. If
this is a mischievous thing in some shapes, as
many of us believe, the reference may do gieat
good. 1, for one, do most sincerely believe that
if a confiscation bill is passed here in the shape in
which I have seen some of them, it will not only
do no good towards the suppression of the rebel-
lion, but will do great harm and mischief. Why,
sir, what is it that the rebel leaders want to-day ?
Is it not that you may be led to trample your Con-
stitution under foot, and that you may do some-
thing which they can demonstrate to be a violation
of it r Is it not that their people should be a unit
against us, a unit in their hate, a unitin their de-
termination to resist us? And if you undertake
this mode of dealing with them, in the objection-
able form of a bill of attainder, i ask whether you
you could do anything in the world which would
be better calculated to make them a unit against
us, or to show their people that you disregard the
plain provisions of tne Constitution?
Then there is another thing, and I am sorry
that it is continually brought here and made to
stand out foremost in all this business—so much
so that I am sometimes inclined to the belief that
those who continually introduce itesteem itpara-
mount, higher than the restoration of the Union,
higher than the Constitution, and higher than the
laws—I moan the emancipation of the negroes.
Now, Mr. President, I am as much opposed to
slavery as anybody; I as much desire that all men
all over the earth should be free, as anybody; but
let me say here that this is a Government of the
people, this is a Government of thirty millions of
people; and does any man believe that we can
carry on that Government if we trespass upon and
violate the belief of twenty millions of the thirty
millions of those people? It is not a question
whether that belief is right or whether itis wrong;
it is not a question whether the practice is right
or whether it is wrong under it. We are not here
to frame a code of morals for this nation. We are
here to administer its Government and to take the
people as we find them. I say, then, that if the
twenty millions of the North were to entertain the
most heretical belief, and were lo engage in the
worst practice under it, the man who attempted in
this Senate or in this Government to compel them
to abandon it, because, m his opinion, it was
wrong, would himself produce a revolution.
Then, sir, ho wis it about slavery with the south-
em people? I say no matter whether it be a vi-
cious or a virtuous institution; no matter whether
the belief of the people in itbe hereticalor whether
it be orthodox; no matter whether they are right
or wrong, there are seven or eight millions of them
who, so far as I can ascertain their sentiments,
are unanimously opposed to our meddling with it.
They have rebelled upon the belief that we in-
tended to correct it; and we are here to show them
they are wrong, to try to get them back, to restore
the Union, to restore the Constitution and the
laws, and to punish those who have incited them
to rebellion. How are we to do it? Are we to
take that particular dogma and belief of theirs,
and to make that the end and aim of all our at-
tacks? Is that the way? Mr. President, with all
deference to those who entertain that method,
and who urge it, to my mind it is the very worst
way in the woild. We cannot compel these peo-
ple to believe as we do; nor can we compel them
to adapt their practice to our beliefs. And, Mr.
President, if this course is adopted, and emanci-
pation is to be made the prime end and purpose of
this war, the war itself will fail inevitably, just
because as soon as the people of the South under-
stand and know certainly that that is the end and
purpose of the war, they are a unit against us;
and I say that no people united, in a country of the
size they occupy, with the numbers they have,
and the spirit with which we have reason to be-
lieve they will carry on the war, can ever be con-
quered. It is impossible.
Then, sir, how are they to be conquered? I
tell you, Mr. President, they are to be conquered
by us in standinghte rally, strictly, and truly upon
the Constitution. That is the compact; that is
the bargain. The allegation now on our part is
that they have broken it. Shall we break it too,
and justify them> No, Mr. President, the very
life, the very soul which animates this terrible
exertion on the part of the nation to put down
this rebellion, which gives it force and strength
in the minds and hearts of all our people, is that
it is a war for the Constitution and for the laws,
and not for their overthrow and destruction. That
is a position which cannot be gainsayed; it vio-
lates nobody's dogma, nobody's belief. On the
other hand, so far from being able to gainsay it,
the rebel leaders themselves have paid the highest
compliment in the world to that Constitution, for
they have adopted it themselves, as I understand,
almost verbatim et literatim, and nowpretend they
are fighting for it against us who intend its viola-
tion. Shall we verify their falsehood, and make
that true which is now but a wicked pretensp? If
we do,itis all they want,and it does besides what"
they could not do for themselves—-it makes them
as one man against us. - '
Make the war for the restoration of the Consti-
tution; make it for the protection of the institu-
tions of the country and the beliefs of the people
of the country , whether their beliefs are right or
wrong; make it for the people you govern, and
then you may restore it, and not otherwise. But to
assail a universal opinion prevailing over a coun-
try of that extent, among such a number of people
whom we expect to govern, while at the same
time we call our Governmenta government of the
people, it does seem to me, Mr. President, is to
ignore,to deny, and to abandon the very firstprin-
ciple upon which that Government rests. And
what, to my mind, is worse, it will end in the
utter destruction of both parties if it is persisted
in. Let us stand upon the law; let us be cautious,
wise, and prudent, and not occupy ourselves, as
we have been here day after day and month after
month, in talking about what we will do with the
rebels before we have caught them. Will it not
be time enough to determine it when we have
caught them ? There is one mode now, and only
one, by which we can hope to succeed, a mode
pointed out by the law, and that is the only one
that wc dare adopt. Whatever the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army may do, governing by mil-
itary law, we, the Congress, are bound by the
municipal law, and we cannot go outside of it; we
have no authority to go outside of it. Everything
we do, we must find warrant for in the Constitu-
tion as against these people, because, although the
President and his Army may deal with them as
rebels, we can only deal with them within the pur-
view of the Constitution, and every law that we
make in its application to them must be adminis-
tered through the judiciary, nobody else can ad-
minister it. Every man who is amenable to a law
of ours has a right to be heard, and he has a right
to answer in court, because in that consists the
very liberty we are fighting for. It is also because
the rebels are without the domain of the law, and
standing there in defiance of it, that we have put
into the hands of the President the force of the
nation, in order to compel them to come back
again within its charmed circle, that they maybe
punished there according to the laws. The war
we wage is to reduce them to obedience under the
law; that once done, they are entitled to the same
constitutional guarantees with the rest of us. The
function of the law begins when that of war ends;
the war is a mode of arrest on a great scale, and
when the arrest is made, the force ceases except
under the direction of the law.
What could you do with one of the rebels if
you had him now? What could anybody do with
him after the Army takes him prisoner? Try him
by the law: that is all you can do; and if so, our
law punishes him capitally. Death by hanging
is the punishment. I have no objection to it; on
the contrary, I propose to add to it and. make it
as much more effective as I can under the Con-
stitution; but I would not go a hair's breadth be-
yond it. I would impose all the punishment I
could, and no more, because if we did it would
come back to plague its inventors.
Then I say let the President do everything he
can in his endeavor to suppress this rebellion, and
arrest the rebels, so that we may punish them. In
the mean time, if advisable, let us amend the law
quietly; and, if you please, impose severer |iun-
ishments as far as we can; that we have a right
to do. But we should remember that every effort
we make to control the President in the direction
of the Army is a mischief, one demonstrated to
be a mischief ever since the world was, and ever
since deliberative and representative assemblies
took it into their heads that they could manage
armies. Indeed, the same mischief precisely
France experienced at the time her Assembly un-
dei took to censurc generals for every blunderthey
made, and to recall them for every defeat they
suffered. I think, too, that instead" of rash and
misguided censure, without the proper caution,
we should strengthen the arms and hold up the
hands of the President and his generals. Do this
