2.840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, that should be stricken
out also, and I include that in ray amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman to the twenty-seventh line of the
tenth section, on page 17. I move to strike out
the word "company," after "Kansas," in that
line, and to insert, between the words "said"
and " Kansas, "the words " State of;" so that the
conscnt herein made necessary to be obtained shall
be the consent of the State instead of the consent
of the company. As the bill is now constructed,
it authorizes two railroad corporations in the State
of Missouri to extend their roads into the State of
Kansas with the consent of the Kansas company.
Obviously the bill ousjht to read " with the con-
sent of the State of Kansas."
Mr. McDOTJGALL and others. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Then, in the same section,
after the word " California," in the thirty-second
line, the words "with the consent of the said
State" should be inserted. I move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be moved, the question is on ordering
the amendments which have been adopted to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr- WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POWELL, (when his name was called.)
Upon this question i have paired with the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, Mr. Simmons. If I were
not paired,! should vote in the negative, and Mr.
Simmons, if he were here, would vote " yea."
Mr. TEN EYCK, (when his name was called.)
I ask to be excused from voting upon this ques-
tion. I do not wish to vote against the bill, and
yet I do not feel like voting for it at the present
time in this shape.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If 110 objection
be made, the Senator from New Jersey will be
excused from voting on this bill. The Senator is
excused.
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to have my
vote recorded, and if the Senate wdl pardon me
for one minute, I wish to state the reason for the
vote I shall give.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the Senator will be indulged in stating
the reason for his vote.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, with
the consent of the Senate, I will state in a very
few words the reasons formypresent vote. I have
voted for every proposition to cut off the branches
provided for in this bill, but having failed in those
votes, and believing that the construction of a Pa-
cific railroad is a great public necessity, and that
its construction is a work too expensive and too
colossal for individual capital and enterprise, I
shall vote for the bill, although it is not in the
shape I would have preferred. I vote " yea."
The result of the vote was announced—yeas 35,
nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—M««srs. Anthony, Brownine, Chandler, Clark,
Coliamer, O'owan, Davids, Dixon, Uoolittle. Foot, Fosti'r,
Grimes, Hale, Harlau, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Ken-
nedy, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-,is, L.uli.im, McDou-
gall, Morrill, Ncsmitli, 1'onn rov, Rice, Sherman. Staik,
Sumner, Trumbull, W.uie, Willoy, Wilmot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wii-on of Missouri—35.
NAVri—Messrs. IIowe, King, i'eaice, Wilkinson, and
Wright—5.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE I'llOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills*; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 503) to confirm and establish a pat-
ent heretofore granted to Etienne Bernot, dated
July 24, 1860, and to secure to George Somerville
Norris, tne assignee of said patent, the benefit of
the full tenn for which said patent was granted;
and
A bill (No. 530) granting a pension to Law-
rence P. JN". Landrum, of Taylor county, Ken-
tucky.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message farther announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
folio wingenrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore.
A bill (H. R. No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley for
his claim and improvements taken from him by
the Omaha reservation, in the Territory of Ne-
braska;
A bill (H. R. No. 432) for the relief of Com-
modore Hiram Paulding;
A bill (H. R. No. 507) to change the port of
entry for the district of Brunswick, Georgia; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 88) to encourage en-
listments in the regular Army and volunteer forces
of the United States.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Senate
adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the.motion will not be
agreed to, and I concur in the demand for the
yeas and nays. We have business that we ought
to do to-morrow.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownins, Davis, Foot, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Ilcndeison, Iluwaid,Kennedy,King, Penrce, Pom-
erov, Rice, Siark, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilmot—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Coliamer, Cowan, Dix-
on, Doolittlc, Fessenden, Foster, Utile, Howe, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDou<rall, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Powell, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Willey, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate the report of a commit-
tee of conforcnce which is lying upon the table.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. That report is from the
committee of conference on the Indian appropri-
ation bill. I move that the Senate disagree to the
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
has not yet been read; it will be read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R. No.
2'jO) making appropriations for the current and continsent
expenses of the Indian department, and forfultilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year~ending
June 30, 1853, having met, alter full and free confeiencc
have agreed to rccommend to their re&pcctive Houses as
follows :
That the Senate reccde from their second and eighth
amendment*.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's third amendment, and agree to the same with the
following amendments: reinstate the matter proposed to
be stricken out by the Senate, cxcept the words, - twenty-
five thousand dollar-*," and add theicto:
"And for clothing, fanning tools, cattle, and teams for In-
dians, $50,000.
" For compensation of eight supervisors" for the leserva-
tions in Cahtormu, to instruct the Indian* in husbandry, at
$1,800 each, $1-1,400.
<:Foi salami of clcrk1* to superintendent* of Indian affairs
for the noi fliern and southern districts of California, 'or the
three quarters of the fi-eal year ending June 30, 1862, at
.•$1,800 per annum, $2,700.
■'•For salariesofclciks to superintendents of Indian affairs
for the nouhern and southern districts of California, at
§1.800 per annum, .-$3,600.
<• For negotiating treaties with the Navajoe, Apache, and
Utah Indian? inXcw Mexico, defining the boundaiies with-
in which :>aid tribes shall be located and remain, ande\tin-
guUhing the title or claim of said Indians to all land* out-
side or the boundaries? so agreed upon and fixed, $-30,000.''
That the Senate recede trom their disagreement to the
amendment ot the House to their sixth amendment, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede, from their disn^ieement to the
first amendment of the House to the Senate's seventh
amendment, and agree to the same.
That the House leeede from their second amendment to
the Senate5* seventh amendment, and agtee to the same
with the following amendments: in section three of *aid
amendment of the Senate strike out the word "fifty," and
insert "forty;" and after the word " dollars," insert" or
so much thereof a' may be necessary."
That the Senate leeede fiom so much of their said seventh
amendment asis included in the second and fourth sections
thereof.
That the House recede from their thild amendment to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
The committee further recommend that the fust amend-
ment of the Senate, m which the IIoujc concurred, be dis-
agreed to by the House, and that the Senate recede there-
from. M. S. WILKINSON,
J. W. NESMlTH,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
OYIUTS ALDllton,
TIMOTHY G. PHELPS,
Managers on the pen t of the House,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in this report, and the negative
of that vote is a disagreement to the report.
Mr. WILKINSON. Since this conference was
had, and this report was made, another report has
been taken up in the Senate in the action upon
which the Senate as I understand—I was not here
at the time—expressed a decided opinion that a
committee of conference had no righttoinaugurate
any new proposition in a bill. I saw in the reports
of the proceedings that that was the decision; and
it is as 1 understand in view of that decision which
was made the other day, that the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs makes this recom-
mendation that the Senate shall refuse to concur
in the report of the committee of conference. I
was not here the other day when that action was
had; but if it is the rule of the Senate, if the rule
is considered as established by the vote which was
taken the other day in the case to which I refer,
1 have nothing to say. If that is not considered
as the rule. I should wish to advocate the report
of the committee of conference, as I think it is just
and right. There is in this report one item in-
serted which was not in the original bill nor in
the amendments of the Senate, and that is an ap-
propriation of some forty thousand dollars for a
treaty with the Navajoe and Apache and the Utah
Indians. That item was ingrafted in the report
at the suggestion of the committee on the part of
the House of Representatives; but if the rule is
to be adhered to by the Senate which was ex-
pressed the other day, I, of course, have nothing
to say against the proposition to reject this report.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not know what may be
the purpose of the Senator from Wisconsin in
making the motion that the leport of the commit-
tee of conference be not agreed to; but there are
matters contained in that report to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate. I would pre-
fer doing it now, because the Senate must settle
the question whether they will adhere to their idea
of economy in the management of the Indians in
California, or are willing to continue the present
regime.
Ever since I have had the honor of a seat on
this floor—during the administration of Mr. Buch-
annan, and during the present Administration—I
have sought to reduce the Government's expend-
itures upon the Indians in California. I have be-
lieved, and have so stated to the Senate in times
past, (specially when I was a memberof the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs,) that there was no por-
tion of the administration of public affairs m
which there was so great an unnecessary expend-
iture as upon the Indians of California. I stated
two years ago that it would be better policy for
the Government to give to the State §50,000 per
annum, and let it manage the Indians as best it
might, rather than appropriate from one hundred
to two hundred thousand dollars per annum, (and
sometimes higher,) to be squandered by officials
on these Indians. The Senate agreed to a piop-
osition, which I brought forward two years ago,
curtailing the expenditures for the Indian service
in that State, and 1 can assure the Senate that if
my ulea had been adopted, thousands of dollars
would have been saved; and but for the opposi-
tion of my colleague on this floor at that time, and
for the opposition of one of my colleagues m the
House of Representatives, Congress would have
agreed to the proposition 1 then brought forwatd.
When the question was first considered at this
session, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
asked, m his estimates, between one hundred ajid
fifty and two hundred thousand dollars, and the
Senate saw this same vast expenditure was about
to be continued, I, having paid some attention to
this matter, was appealed to by the honorable Sen-
ator fiom Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle], and by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, [Mr.
Fessexden,] to look into the subject, and see if
there could not be some reduction of the expenses.
I undertook it, knowing well, as I did at the time,
that it was a thankless task, and that I was sub-
jecting myself to the cry of wishing to legislate
out of office persons with whom I happened to
