1862.
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
differ in politics. I stated to the Senate then, as
I state now, that I knew bat one single man in the
employment of the Indian department in Califor-
nia, and for him I had the greatest respect. The
rest were entire strangers to me, and I have no
motive except the good nf the public. Congress
I know is very liberal to California, and I cannot,
consistently with my sense of duty, stand by and
see the public money thrown in unnecessary chan-
nels, without attempting to arrest it. I feel that
this is my duty; but if Congress thinks otherwise,
and chooses to appropriate two hundred thousand
or three hundred thousand dollars to squander on
these Indians, the responsibility is upon you, and
you cannot afterwards say to the delegation in
Congress from California, when the abuses are
brought to light, as they will be, that we have
failed in our duty in calling the attention of the
Government to it.
So anxious was I to do right when I was dele-
gated with this trust tacitly by the Indian Com-
mittee of the Senate and by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, that I went at once to the
Secretary of the Interior and consulted with him
in relation to a change of policy, and the general
details of that changc we agreed upon perfectly,
and he requested me to see the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and have a full interview with him.
1 went and saw the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, had a full and distinct understanding, and
in accordance with his request I made a short
synopsis of the reforms that 1 thought might be
made, which met with his approbation, and in
order that there might be no mistake in relation to
it, a clerk in his Department prepared the amend-
ment as I presented it to the Senate. It was not
my bantling, it was the offspring of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. He came before the
Committee on Indian Affairs, as the Senator from
Wisconsin, the chairman of the committee, knows,
and advocated that amendment as drafted by him
verbatim et literatim ct punctuotim, without a par-
ticle of change on my part, and asked that it might
be adopted by the committee and pressed before
this body.
The Senate after full and mature argument, sat-
isfied that there would be a curtailment of ex-
penses and that it would be a step in the right
direction, ingrafted it upon the Indian appropria-
tion bill. The bill with our amendment went hack
to the House of Representatives. A committee
of conference was appointed upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. I sought a position on
that committee from the Vice President, who has
always treated me in these matters with great
consideration, stating to htm at the time that 1 was
satisfied the House Committee of Way sand Means
did not understand this proposition, or they would
not have recommended its rejection, and a mem-
ber of that committee informed me that they had
rejected it for the reason that they preferred to
have it settled by a committee of conference, in
order that they might have a more full explanation
given than it was possible for them to have before
the House of Representatives. When that com-
mittee of conference met, to my utter astonish-
ment and surprise—and that is the reason why I
make the explanation to the Senate now—my col-
league in the House of Representatives who was
upon the committee, stated to the conference com-
mittee that he was authorized to say by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and by the Secretory
of the Interior, that they disapproved ofthewhole
thing and utterly repudiated it. Of course I felt a
good deal, as the boy said he did when the wagon
ran over him; I did not have anything to say,
[Laughter.] The Commissioner had prepared the
amendment, he had diafted it. I had consulted
him and the Secretary of the Interior m regard to
it; and then when the committee of conference met,
to have the pins knocked out from under me in
this kind of style,and to have them repudiate their
own offspring, I did not think was exactly the
proper thing.
Now, Mr. President, I come back to the Senate
with the proposition. I would not sign the report
of the committee of conference because I saw they
were doing that which the Senate deliberately had
declined to do. I was unwilling to ingraft on that
report the continuation of expenditures which are
entirely unnecessary.
Now, let me call the attention of the Senate, and
I shall be very brief, to the appropriations which
the committee of conference propose to make in
this bill connected with the Indian service in Cal-
ifornia. First, there is $14,400 for the compensa-
tion of eight supervisors at $1,800 each. Now, if
you were to take a search warrant, with a band of
music, you could not find more than five reserva-
tionsin the whole State of California; and yet here
are eight supervisors and eight reservations pro-
vided for to the tuneof $14,400ayear. Thendiere
is §12,000 for the compensation of twenty-five la-
borers at forty dollars a month each; $7,200 fer-
tile salaries of two superintendents at $3,600 each;
and $7,500, in addition to the traveling expenses
and incidental expenses of these two superintend-
ents, including their office rent, they living in San
Francisco, not upon the reservations, not where
the Indians are, in order that they may give them
the benefit of their talent and general supervision.
Then there is an appropriation here for a clerk to
each, at $1,800 a year, making $3,600 more, though
there is no law authorizing these superintendents
to have a clerk. Then there is an appropriation
of $2,700 for the back pay of clerks during a por-
tion of the past fiscal year. Besides all this, there
is an appropuation of $50,000 for the purchase of
milk cattle, clothing, removal, &c.,$25,000,1 sup-
pose, for the northern, and $25,000 for the south-
ern superintendency, The total is $97,400.
Now, the amendment which I proposed, and
which was adopted by the Senate, and, as I reiter-
ate, was prepared by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, reduced the compensation of the super-
intendents to $2,500 a year, and compelled them
to live on the reservations. They have a house
there that is furnished them, and the incidental
supplies that come fro eft the reservations, which,
of course, was taken into consideration by this
body when it fixed their compensation at $2,500
each, making $5,000 for the two. Then they are
allowed two clerks at $1,200, making $2,400, and
three laborers for each reservation at forty dollars
a month, making $2,880 a year, which is ample
and sufficient. Three intelligent men, whom you
can easily get at forty dollars apiece, or $120 a
month tor the tin ee, can do all the supervision, as
you will see directly when I come to enumerate
the number of Indians on these reservations. That
appropriation, therefore, would be quite ample.
Then I put in $1,800 for the compensation of a
special jgent for the Mohaves. Then i propose
to allow $75,000 for the removal and subsistence
of the Indians on two reservations during the first
year—a very liberal allowance, indeed; far more,
probably, than would be necessary; but in view of
the fact that this year they could not be engaged
in raising a crop, but that the season would be
consumed in their removal, the Senate thought
that for this year only $75,0U0 should be allowed.
The aggregate of all these appropriations, the
$75,000 included, amounts to ^87,000, so that, as
between the new system and the old system, the
very first year there would be a saving of $10,320
to the Government.
But that is not all. This estimate is an exceed-
ingly large one. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance thought that $75,000 would be entirely
too much money, and it was only in view of the
circumstances as I have stated them, that the Sen-
ate agreed to appiopriatc that amount for the first
year. Now let me give a statement of all the ex-
penses that the Government would be put to the
second year. There would be the compensation
of two superintendents at $2,500 each, $5,000; two
clerks at §1,200 each, $2,400; six laborers for the
two reservations at forty dollars per month each,
$2,880; $1,800 for a special ogent for the Mohaves.
Besides that, if Congress should make the most lib-
eral allowance, as much as any one ought to ask,
to furnish these two leservations with farming im-
plements, with blankets, and other things that the
Indians may need to keep their condition in a
proper manner, there would be $25,000 nrcessaiy,
and the aggregate expense per annum of all the
Indians of California only amount to $37,080 as
against $97,400 that you are paying now.
When 1 came to look at the number of Indians
upon these reservations, I was perfectly aston-
ished to find how few there really were under the
protection of the Government. Ihe number of
Indians in the noithcrn district as shown by the
repoit of the supeiintendent, is at Hound Valley
twenty-one hundred; at Mendocino, seventeen
hundred; at Klamath twenty-two hundred; at
Nomoe Ljckee three hundred; making a total of
Indians m the northern reservations six thousand
three hundred. There is nothing to show'the ex-
act number of Indians in the southern reservations,
but suppose there are five thousand, (and I know
there are not that number, five thousand is the out-
side limit,) and the total number oflndians in the
State is eleven thousand three hundred, for whom
this vast expenditure of public money is being
made. I say that each Indian, congregatedas they
are, costs under the present system $8 70 a head
for their support, whereas the system thatl wis-h
to see adopted, curtailing all these unnecessary
reservations will reduce the expense to $3 35 a
head.
This is the whole statement of the case in brief.
If you want to appropriate the $97,400 of course
you can do so. If you choose to give these clever
gentlemen in charge of the Indians in my State
so much money, you can do it; but I want the fact
to appear that f, as one of the representatives from
that State have made a clear statement, as I pos-
sibly could, of the exact condition of the Indians
there. This is all I have to say. I leave the mat-
ter entirely with the Senate. I am utterly indif-
ferent as to what Senators do, except I want them
to act understanding^ and then do what they con-
ceive to be right.
Mr. WILKINSON. When I was up a few
moments ago, I did not suppose the merits of this
report would be discussed, because I understood
that matter was settled by the vote the other da jr,
and I did not feel inclined to controvert the posi-
tion which the Senate then assumed. I will, how-
ever, say in regard to the amendment which was
ndopted to this bill at the suggestion of the Senator
from California, that the House of Representa-
tives were opposed to it. It seemed to inaugurate
an entirely new system, and one reason why the
committee were in favor of striking it out and
making the ordinary appropriations, and it was
urged very strongly by the chairman of tha com-
mittee on the part of the other House, was that the
House was not willing to go into general legisla-
tion on an appiopriation bill. The system adopted
at the suggestion of the Senator from California in
the amendment made by the Senate to this bill, is
a thorough reorganization of the whole Indian sys-
tem in California. This was deemed by the com-
mittee, on consultation, to be an improper system
of legislation on a general appropriation bill. I
will state, however, that there is no great differ-
ence between the amount appropriated according
to the report of the committee, and the appropria-
tion which is contained in the amendment which
was offered by the Scnatoi from California. I
think there is not over $3,000 difference.
Mr. LATHAM. I nave stated the items ex-
actly. The difference is $10,320 the firstyear,and
after that the difference will be between $37,080
per annum to $97,400, or a saving of $60,000.
Mr. WILKINSON. I did not make it so. I
will make no further remarks on that point. As
to the difference between the Senatorand the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Indian Affaii s, itisamatter Iknow nothing about.
I rose simply to say that the reason why the com-
mittee of conference disagreed to this amendment
of the Senate, was that"they regarded it as im-
proper to go into general legislation on the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. LATHAM. Perhaps the Senator from
Minnesota misunderstood me in one respect. I
did not wish to be understood as saying that the
Secretary of the Intel ior approved of the amend-
ment which I had proposed m ail its details; and
I found no fault with anything he had done in the
matter. At first, as I said, I talked with him
about it, and lie agreed with me in my general
ideas of economy and referred me to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, who drafted the amend-
ment, and I never had any interview with the
Secretary afterwards. Whether he approved or
disapproved of the amendment as it was drawn,
1 do not know; but the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs did, as I said, write the whole of it, and
then ramc before the Indian Committee and advo-
cated it, and afterwards authorized one of my col-
leagues in the other House, who was a member
of the committee ofconference, to say to that com-
mittee that he repudiated it ail, and disapproved
of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to vote under-
standingly on this question. I understand that the
objection to concurrence in this report is, thattho
committee of conference have inserted some new
