1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
approved ? It seems to me—I say it with all re-
spect; 1 do not mean to say anything unkind to
anybody, least of ail to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania—the suggestion is absurd. I simply
mean that in a Pickwickian sense; nothing of-
fensive. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me,
he has not entirely mistaken me; but he has mis-
taken the sense in which I interposed that objec-
tion to the law. Our allegation on this side is,
. that this thing is within the President's discretion
already; that you do no more than put it there
again; and even if you attempted to make that
imperative on him, that m the last resort he has
the pardoning power upon which to fall back,
which still leaves it in his discretion as before.
Mr. HALE. I admit that; but I do not think
it weakens the little force there was in my argu-
ment before; I do notclaim much for it. 1 do not
think it is very material. But, sir, nothing was
further from my idea than to make a speech, and
these few thoughts that I have suggested have
been provoked by the discussion to which I have
listened. I must take occasion here to say in jus-
tification of myself, that I have listened as little
to the speeches that have been made on this ques-
tion as any member of the Senate, and the Senate
may for that reason thank themselves that they
have been troubled so little with me on the sub-
ject. [Laughter.] But I do think the time has
come and is pressing upon us for action. I do not
believe you arc gaininganything by handling this
thing so gently. 1 believe, while our propcity
and the property of all our friends is confiscated,
and they are wanderers from these rebellious
States, that you will do nothing more than justice
in passing a confiscation act of this sort. The
time has gone by for parleying with this matter;
and I will close the few remarks that I have made
by relating an incident that occuricd in the early
history of Massachusetts, which I think has some
instruction in it.
Massachusetts, as you all know, ant] as every-
body knows, has a history of which all her chil-
dren are proud. But, sir, there was once a rebel-
lion in Massachusetts—so there was in heaven,
Milton says [laughter]—headed by a man by the
name of Shay. Ho brought his forces out, and
General Tucker, who had been commissioned
under authority of the State of Massachusetts,
was directed to go against him. The popular doc-
trinc of that day was, that the rebels must be dealt
with gently; their bodies must not ho hurt, nor
their property touched. The general insisted that
the best argument with which rebels could be met
was powder and ball; and after urging his argu-
ments for a long time, at last the Governor con-
sented, and gave the order to fire. General Tucker
turned round to him and said: "Governor, that
is the argument for rebels;" and in that vicinity
leaden balls went by the name of" Tucker's ar-
guments" for years afterwards, and 1 do not know
but they do now. #
I think something analogous to that is what is
required of us. I think if there he any defect in
this bill, it is that it does not go far enough. I
will tell you what I want, and i will tell you what
I feel ashamed that we have not got, and that is,
some statute, some measure of the General Gov-
ernment, to deal with rebels right in the midst of
us. Why, sir, there is no place on the North
American continent where treason stands up and
stalks abroad with more impudent, brazen face,
than itdoes within thid Federal District of Colum-
bia. These assemblies, which meettogethei Sun-
day after Sunday, calling themselves Christian
churches, are too pious to obey the injunction of
their bishop to utter thanksgiving to God for the
victories that He has vouchsafed to our arms; and
if there has been some man standing in the sacred
place of the Christian teacher who is determined
to do his whole duty as a patriot and as a Chris-
tian, and has used the prayer which the head of
the church has oidaincd, tica&onable and traitoi-
ous members of his congregation have got upand
slammed the doors of their pews in derision, and
marched out of thp house, turning their back oil
the altar ot their faith and the country that they
should be bound to love and preserve. I say these
tilings are an everlasting disgrace, and until this
Government does put forth a strong hand ri«-ht ,
here in the citadel of its powei, and take traitors j
and treason by the thioat,you will fail to convince
the country that you appreciate the emeigenoies I
in which the country is placed. Sir, I say it be-
comes this Government to awake, to arouse itself
from its lethargy, and to show to its ftiends and
its enemies that it has a strong arm as well as a
good cause. It becomes us, we owe it to the
memory of our fathers, and to the God of our
fathers, who has given us this goodly inheritance,
to let traitors'know that the sword of justice is
not committed in'vain to the hands of our coun-
trymen.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I have
understood that is was the practice of those whose
business it was to delight an audience and to send
them home satisfied, with good chance to rest, to
introduce the tragedy fiist, the farce afterwards.
The weighty things first, the light things after-
wards, to evoke the tears, and afterwards stay
them. The Senator from New Hampshire, play-
ing the full game, has violated all the laws of art,
as well as all the customary rules of artists; for
with opening jests and appeals to our recollection
of Arabian tales, the kiosk, and the beautiful
things that x*est in eastern imagery, he has fin-
ished with an appeal for blood. In Ins exordium,
he appeared to revel in the fancies of oriental lit-
erature, and speak of happy and laughing things.
In his peroration, he enjoyed the satisfaction—it
seemed to mc, luxury, to him—in placing his vic-
tims under or beneath the pains which would
compel the tears of laughter into the tears of pain.
Mr. President, I did not design to spealj further
on this question. I do not wish to speak now,
but I cannot permit a remnrk of the Senator from
New Hampshire to pass in this Senate unrebuked.
The sentiment expressed which i desire to rebuke
is this: Sir, I do not belong to New Hampshire.
I do not belong to Maine. I do not belong to
Illinois. 1 do notbelong to California. I belong
to the entire Union aggregated. But as the gen-
tleman speaks for New Hampshire, permit me to
speak for the great West. In the name of the West
permit me to say, in the name of the people north
of the Ohio and thence westward to the Pacific
permit me to say, that among them all there is no
sympathy with the sentiment expressed by the
Senator from New Hampshire, and I think I may
speak fiom the heart of the great Northwest as
well as from the heart of the people on the distant
shores from whence \ come. We make no war
upon widows and oiphans.
The Senator has said why should we regard
the widows and orphans of the South? Have wo
not, he asks, widows and orphans at home, and
are they not to be avenged ? If women and chil-
dren mourn, or are made to mourn in the South,
do not women and children mourn in the North,
and are not diey rebels, and are not we loyal?
Tins is pleasant, delectable, beautiful discourse
for the Senator from New Hampshire. Who has
he sent into the field? I have sent into the field j
to maintain our flag every one of my name or kin-
dred over whom I hod even the appearance of au-
thority. Two have left their blood and bodies on
the field in the maintenance of the Constitution
and the laws; two of them live to fight.
Mr. President, I beg pardon; I approach the
subject, or rather object, of offense with sensitive
step. "Why," says the Senator, " should we
regard the widows and orphans of the South, when
our widows and orphans of the North, whose
husbands and fathers fighting in a just cause, hav-
ing fallen, have left widows and orphans?" Sir,
does any true man think that all these waitings,
from South and North, will not go up to the com-
mon Father? Think you the heartsofkmdred will
not respond? Think you the hearts of the be-
reaved will not respond? The heart in agony is
correspondent with all other agonies. The ago-
nized heart knows neither North or South. The
heart of the bereaved one on the shores of Lake
Michigan will go up in sacrifice with the heart of
the bereaved one on the shores of the southern
Gulf. This temper, I will not say opinion, of the
Senatoi, I say 1 cannot permit to go unrebuked.
I say it is against the true convictions of all just
men. No true man can approve it. God will*not
approve it.
The expression of such opinions cannot be ex-
cused by the calamities that surround us. The
Senator from New Hampshire, perchance, may
be agonized. Let me say that m my agony 1
would lather shed tears than blood. On some
other question, and in some other place, I might,
and indeed I can, enjoy the Persian tales told by
light women to old men. Let me beg that they
shall not be even the introduction to the argument
involving lives, fortunes, happiness, destruction,
ruin, despair, utterhopclessness—questions where
widows and orphans are the staple of the con-
troversy. When I have spoken here on grave
matters I have endeavored to speak gravely, and
my discourse cannot be illustrated by any Persian
tales. We are in the midst of stern necessities,
severe trials, terrible sacrifices, great sufferings;
great sufferings for us, great sufferings for all.
Shall we mercilessly add to suffering? Shall we
by our voice, and in the name of law, increase
suffering? Shall we of the strong, powerful, com-
pelling North say, as says the Senator from New
Hampshire, make the orphan homeless, and make
the widow homeless throughout all the South,
and do it because widows mourn in New Hamp-
shire ?
Mr. President, I do not propose to engage in ar-
gument; but there is something which 1 regard as
grave, and about which I desire to speak gravely.
I should like that Senators would hear what I do
say. 1 regret that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is not in his place to hear what I am about
to say. The Senator from New Hampshire has
to-day, in his place, repudiated the Constitution
which he has, as I am advised, sworn to support.
Of all the crimes the great Master of the universe
has denominated,so far as we can learn, thecrime ■
of perjury stands first. I do not speak of tech-
nical perjury, perjury as it is known to the law;
that is, perjury as lawyers understand it, the
swearing falsely as to a past fact. We have had
the privilege of promising ourselves for the future.
God has thus permitted us; and if I understand
His law, He pronounces an equal, if not a greater,
penalty against him who falsifies the future than
against him who denies the past.
Every man in this Senate has sworn to support
the Constitution of these United States. I do not
understand how men dare play such fantastic
tricks as to deny their allegiance to the Constitu-
tion. I dare notdoit. 1 would sooner front twenty
batteries; I would sooner suffer death. The Con-
stitution, the Government under which I have
lived, which has protected me, and which I have
sworn to support—to cast it to the winds and say
there is no Constitution ! If there is no Constitu-
tion to-day, is there any protection, is there any
right?
Mr. President, the affirmative of this doctrine,
that the Constitution and the laws are silent,
voiceless m this Senate Hall,compels me to say,
and I say it, they, each one, and all of them, who
affirm such doctrines—I am compelled to say of
them, there are rebels in the North as well as in
the South.
Mr. President, I have said as much as I wish
to say on this subject; but 1 will say this further:
I learned, in my early youth, to believe that we
were capable to maintain a Republic of freemen
under the Constitution established by our fathers,
to maintain ourselves as a free people, both in
peace and war. That conviction has remained
with me unshaken until now, except so far as for
the moment it has been shaken by gentlemen who
profess to represent the Government—the head of
the Government—the President of the United
States. Did 1 not know the President of the Uni-
ted States, had I not known him, my convictions
might have been now shattered into fragments.
It is my fortune to know him well, and, I may
say, I know as well as mortal man can know, that
lie would as soon commit self-sacrifice as know-
ingly violate the Constitution which he was ap-
pointed to uphold.
Mr. President, the sufficiency of our Govern-
ment for war as well as peace was fully canvassed
when by the Constitution we established our form
of government. It was thought sufficient then.
I thmkthe Government under the Constitution, or
rather, theGovernment the creature of the Consti-
tution, is sufficient now. The Constitution and
Government is sufficient for a war with England,
France, or Spain, it is sufficient for domestic civil
war; this I think—this I intend to maintain. If
this cannot be maintained, then in the grief of my
heart, I shall say " freedom, farewell forever!"
I got up, Mr. President, designing simply to
respond to a remark of the Senator from New
Hampshire, which I protest against as against the
heart of the country. Ipiotest against making
vindictive war upon the South. I protest against
