362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[June 10,
3Tm Com...2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in the name of the United States, enter upon and
take possession of the same, and may lease the
same, together or in parcels, to any person or per-
sons who are citizens of the United States, or may
have declared on oath their intention to become
such, until the said rebellion and insurrection in
said State shall be put down, and the civil au-
thority of the United States established, and until
the people of said State shall elect a Legislature
and State officers, who shall take an oath to sup-
poit the Constitution of the United S.tates, to he
announced by the proclamation of the President,
and until the first day of March next thereafter,
said leases to bo in such form and with such se-
curity as shall, in the judgment of said commis-
sioners, produce to the United States the greatest
revenue.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That the said
commissioners shall from time to time make such
temporary rules and regulations, and insert such
clauses in said leases as shall be just and proper
to secure proper and reasonable employmentand
support, at wages or upon shares of the crop of
such persons and families as maybe residing upon
the said parcels or lots of land, which said rules
a:id regulations are declared to be subject to the
approval of the President.
Sec. 11. Aid be It farther enacted, That the said
board of commissioners, under the direction of
the President, may be authorized, instead of
leasing the said lands vested in the United States,
as above provided, to cause the same, or any
portion thereof, to be subdivided and sold in
paicels not to exceed three hundred and twenty
acres to any one purchaser, at public sale, after
giving due notice thei eof, as upon the sale of other
public lands of the United States, for sixty days,
and to issue a certificate therefor; and that, at any
such sale, any loyal citizen of the United States,
or any person who shall have declared on oath his
intention to become such, or any person who shall
have faithfully served as an officer, musician, or
private soldier or sailor in the Army or Navy or
marine service of the United States, as a regulat-
or volunteer, for the term of three months, may
become the purchaser; and if upon stjch sale any
person serving in the Army or Navy or marine
corps shall pay one fourth part of the purchase-
money, a certificate shall be given him, and he
shall have the term of three years in which to pay
the remainder, either in money or in certificates
of indebtedness from the United States; and any
citizen of tlie United States, or any person who
shall have declared his intention to become such,
being the head of a family, and residing in the
State or district where said lands are situate, and
not the owner of any other lands, may, under such
i ules as may be established by said board of com-
missioners, have a right to enter upon and acquire
the rights of preemption in such lands as may he
unimproved and vested in the United States, and
as may be selected by said board of commission-
ers, under the direction of the President, from
time to time for such purpose.
Sue. 1*2. "'hid be it further enacted, That the pro-
ceeds of said leases and sales shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States, one fourth of
which shall bo paid over to the Governor of said
Stale wherein said lands are situated, or his au-
thorized agent, when such insurrection shall be
put down, and the people shall elect a Legislature
and State officers who shall take an oath to sup-
port tiie Constitution of the United States, and
such fact shall be proclaimed by the President for
tiie purpose of reimbursing' the loyal citizens of
said State, oi such other purpose as said State
may direct; and one fourth shallalso be paid over
to said State as a fund to aid in the colonization
or emigration from said State of any free person
of African descent who may desire to remove
therefrom to Hayti, Liberia, or any other tropical
state or colony. « 
Sec. 13. ,1ml be it further enacted, That in case
the recoids of assessments and valuation of the
lots of land mentioned in the first section of this
act shall be destroyed, concealed, or lost, so as not
to come within the possession of the said boards
of commissioners, they shall be authorized to take
evidence of tiie same, or to value and assess the
same in their own judgment upon such evidence
as may appeal before them; and no mistake in the
valuation of the same, or in the amount of tax
thereon, shall, in any manner whatever, affect the
-validity of the sale of the same or of any of the
proceedings preliminary thereto.
Sec. 14. Jlni be it further enacted, That the said
tax commissioners shall keep a book or books,
in which they shall enter or cause to be entered
the amount or quota of said direct tax assessed on
each tract or parcel of land; which said amounts
shall be distinctly stated in the advertisement, or
notice of sale, together with a description of the
tract to be sold, and an entry shall be made m
said book, or books, of each tract sold, together
with the name of the purchaser, and the sum for
which the same may have been sold. A tran-
script or transcripts of said book or books, duly
verified by said commissioners,, and said books
when said commission shall expire, shall be filed
in the office of the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, and said hooks and transcripts, and
copies of said books and transcripts duly certified
by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be evi-
dence in any court in the United States. The said
commissioners may employ a clerk, whose com-
pensation shall be twelve hundred dollars per an-
num.
Sec. 15. Andbeit further enacted, That the thir-
teenth section of the act of August fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, entitled " An act to pro-
vide increased revenue from imports, to pay inter-
est on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
shall be so construed as not to exempt from tax-
ation property above the value of five hundred
dollars, but to exempt from taxation property
above the value of live hundred dollars, or less,
owned by individuals, notwithstanding; the pro-
visions of said act.
Sec. 16. Jlnd he itfurther enacted, That this act
shall take effect from and after its passage.
Approved, June 7, 1862.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act to incorporate the Mount
Olivet Cemetery Company, in the District of
Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Edward A. Knight, Charles J.
White, and Charles D. Bowling, and their suc-
cessors, be, and they are hereby, created a body-
politic and corporate by the name and title of
"The Mount ©livet Cemetery Company," and
by that name may have perpetual succession, may
sue and be sued in the courts of law and equity,
and other competent tribunals, may have and use
a common seal, and the same may destroy, alter,
and renew at pleasuie, may associate with them
such other persons in said company to any num-
ber not exceeding nine, may fill all vacancies
which may occur in their own body, and may
from time to time ordain such by-laws, not incon-
sistent with the laws in force in the District of Co-
lumbia, as they may deem necessary or proper
for said company.
Sec. 2. Ad be itfurther enacted, That said cor-
poration may acquire, hold, and dispose of such
estate, real, personal, and mixed, as may be ne-
cessary or proper for the purposes of said corpo-
ration: Provided, The said corporation shall not
own at any one time more than one hundred acres
of land in the county of Washington, and with-
out the limits of the city of Washington: Jlnd pro-
vided further, That at least thirty acres in one body
be set apart and used for the purposes of a ceme-
tery.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That burial
lots in said cemetery may be sold, leased, or other-
wise disposed of by said corporation to the lot-
holders, upon such conditions and subject to such
regulations as said corporation or the board of
managers may prescribe, and a certificate under
the seal of saiil corporation, of the ownership or
other interest in any lot aforesaid, shall in all re-
spects have the same effect as any conveyance
from said corporation of said lot would have, if
executed, acknowledged, and recorded as convey-
ances of real estate are required by law to be;
which certificate shall be entered in a book kept
by said corporation for that purpose, the same to
be open to the inspection of all persons interested;
and burial lots in said cemetery shall not be sub-
ject to the debts of the lot-holders thereof, and the
land of the said corporation dedicated to the pur-
poses of a cemetery shall not be subject to taxa-
tion of any kind.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
affairs of said corporation may be conducted by
such board of managers as the said corporation
may ordain, to be composed of the corporators,
or any selected number thereof, and such other
persons as the said corporation may elect.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That no streets,
lanes, alleys, roads, or canals, of any sort, shall
be opened through the property of said corpora-
tion exclusively appropriated and used for the
purposes of a cemetery: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to au-
thorize said corporation to obstruct any public
road, or street, or lane, or alley, now actually
opened and used as such.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any per-
.son who shall willfully destroy, mutilate or de-
face, injure or remove, any tomb, monument,
gravestone, or other structure or work placed in
said cemetery, or any fence, railing, or work for
protection or ornament of said cemetery, or any
tomb, monument, gravestone, or other structure
or work thereon, or shall willfully destroy, cut,
break, or remove any tree, shrub, or plant, within
the limits of said cemetery, shall be considered
guilty of a misdemeanor,and, on conviction there-
of before, any magistrate or justice of the peace,
shall be punished by fine, at the discretion of the
justice, according to the aggravation of the offense,
of not less than five nor more than fifty dollars.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the said
corporation shall provide for the return, from time
to time, to the corporation of Washington, of re-
ports of all interments made in said cemetery, of
persons who may have died within the limits of
the city of Washington, in such manner as may
be prescribed from time to time by said corpora-
tion of Washington.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
said corporation to issue any note, token, device,
scrip, or other evidence of debt, to be used as a
currency; and each of the corporators in said cor-
poration shall be held liable, in his individual ca-
pacity, for all the debts and liabilities of said cor-
poration, however contracted or incurred , to he
recovered by suit as other debts or liabilities be-
fore the court or tribunal having jurisdiction of
the case.
Sec. 9. And be itfurther enacted, That it shall
be lawful for Congress, at any time hereafter, to
alter, amend, or repeal the foregoing act.
Approved, June 10, 1862.
Chap. CI.—An Act to protect the Property of
Indians who have adopted the habits of civil-
ized life.
Jle it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmeriea ill Congress
assembled, That whenever any Indian, being a
member of any band or tribe with whom the Gov-
ernment has or shall have entered into treaty
stipulations, being desirous to adopt the habits of
civilized life, shall have had a portion of the lands
belonging to his tribe allotted to him in severalty,
in pursuance of such treaty stipulations, it shall
be the duty of the agent and superintendent of
such tribe to provide that such Indian shall be
protected in the peaceful and quiet occupation and
enjoyment of the lands so allotted to him.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be. it further enacted, That when-
ever any person of Indian blood belonging to a
band or tribe who receive, or are entitled to re-
ceive, annuities from the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and who has not adopted the habits
and customs of civilized life, and received his lands
in severalty by allotment, as mentioned in the
foregoing section of this act, shall commit any
trespass upon the lands or premises of any Indian
who has received his lands by allotment, as afore-
said, it shall be the duty of the superintendent
and agent of such band or tribe to ascertain the
damages resulting from such trespass; and the
sum soascertained shall be withheld from the pay-
ment next thereafter to be made, either to the band
or tribe to which the party committing such tres-
pass shall belong, as in the discretion of the su-
perintendent he shall deem proper, and the sum
so retained shall be paid over by the said agent or
