1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2643
eharged. I do not pretend to mislead anybody. I
do not know why the Senator from Illinois should
have used the term. Senators have made up their
minds 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will explain to the Sen-
ator why I used the term. I understood him to
say that it made no difference which bill we took
uo, that if the Senate bill could bo taken up, the
bill that he proposed, the House bill may be of-
fered as an amendment. I thought that would
mislead the Senate if the Senator thought so, be-
cause it does make 111 my view all the difference
in the world.
Mr. CLARK. I presume the Senator from
Illinois knows just which bill he wants, which-
ever is taken up first, and I do not believe there
is a Senator here who does not know just as well
as the Senator fiom Illinois which bill he wants.
I do not believe there is a Senator here who can
be misled in regard to it. If you take up the bill
I propose, and Senators should propose to amend
it by putting: 011 the House bill, there is 110 Sen-
ator here that does not know whether he prefers
the House bill to the Senate bill. There is not a
Senator who can be misled or who will be misled
about it. I will say to the Senator from Illinois
that, in my judgment,all Senators will give their
votes as between these two bills as distinctly,
whichever comes up first, as in any other case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let the House bill
come up.
Mr. CLARK. No, because I am charged with
the Senate bill. It is within the option and di-
rection of the Senate. I desire to say further, as
a reason why I want to take up this bill, that I
can vote for this, and I cannot and will not vote
for tlio House bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Now it comes out.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly it comes out, if you
want to have it, if you make that a reason; but I
do not make it a reason. I am willing to say that
1 want to got a bill that I can vote for, and 1 sup-
pose the Senator from Massachusetts would say
the same thini!;.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly; then we understand
each other; we are not misled, and nobody in the
Senate is misled in regard to it. Why, then, talk
about being misled ! 1 know there are other Sen-
ators much 111 the same position. Here may be
an attempt to forestall the action of the Senate to
force the House bill on the Senate. I do not say
anything of the kind, because I do not believe it
will be done, for Senators will exercise their in-
dependent judgments in regard to it, whichever bill
comes up first. I am charged with this. I aslc
the Senate to take up this bill. If they choose to
take up the House bill I am entirely content.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether, it the Senate now adjourn, the
pending motion would not come up to-morrow as
the unfinished business of to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mere
motion would fall with the adjournment. If the
bill were taken up, and then the Senate adjourned,
it would be left as the unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regard this vote as much
more important than evidently the Senator trom
New Hampshire docs. I premise by saying that
I may vote for either of the bills, either the House
bill or the bill reported by the Senator from New
Hampshire. I have read them both carefully, and
considered them both thoroughly, and I shall vote
for either, or piobably for any confiscation bill
that is likely to pass. It is manifest, however,
that the order of business is very important, and
if a Senator desires and prefers the passage of the
House bill, it is very important that this motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire should not
prevail, because if the House bill is taken up in
its order it will require a majority to substitute in
place of it the bill reported by the Senator from
New Hampshn e. The question therefore is one
of considerable importance, and I intend to move
that the Senate adjourn. The question of confis-
cation will come up next in order; it is important
that evi ry Senator should make up his mind defi-
nitely which of these two bills he prefers, before
ho is called upon to vote for taking up either.
Although r cannot say that I have not made up
my mind, I should iik*4 to give, the siibjoet a little
consideration. This is the itvipoiumt vote, lhc
question of taking up the bill is_ the question that
will probably decide the fate of the measure. It
the House bill be taken up, my impression is that
it will pass. If the bill of the Senator from New
Hampshire is taken up, a majority may not sub-
stitute the House bill for it and send it to the
House. I think this, therefoic, a vote of the first
importance; and to give Senators an opportunity
to make up their minds which of these bills they
prefer to take up, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; find the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 20, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION OP TIIB JOURNAL.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I think the Journal does
not contain a true record of what transpired yes-
terday. 1 made a question of order yesterday
upon the right of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Roscoe Conkling] to withdraw his motion
to reconsider The Speaker decided that the gen-
tleman from New York had such right. If that
be the parliamentary law, there ought to be a pre-
cedent upon our Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
gentleman that such points of order are never en-
tered upon the Journal unless an appeal is taken
from the decision of the Chair. When the House
acquiesces in the decision of the Chair 110 entry is
made upon the Journal.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the I61I1 of June, in
relation to the White House on the Pamunkey
1 iver; which was laid 011 the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, in answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 16th install I, asking in form-
ation as to what number of regimental chaplains
are in the service; how many are under pay, and
how many 011 duty; and what measures are, in the
opinion of the Department, necessary to purify
and invigorate that branch of the public service;
which was laid 011 the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PAY, ETC., OF MISSOUIU TROOPS.
Mr. PRICE asked and obtained leave to take
from the Speaker's table, for consideration, a joint
resolution (S. No. 78) to suspend all payments
under the act approved March 25, 1862, entitled
"A11 act to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the Western department, or dcpait-
of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension,"
and for other purposes.
The resolution, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of War to suspend all payments under the
act approved March 25,1862, to secure to the offi-
cers and men actually employed in the Western
department, or department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension; and that there shall be ap-
pointed by the President, immediately after the
passage of this resolution, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, two commission-
ers, to examine all claims arising under the pio-
visions of that a.ct, anil repoit the yciniCj with the
facts connected therewith, to the Secretary of
War; the commissioners to have such compensa-
tion for their seivices as the Secretary ot War
may consider just and reasonable; piovided that
the commissioners shall be required to examine
and report within sixty days after the passage of
the resolution upon ail such claims as may be
presented by the persons claiming to have been
organized or employed m the State of Missouii,
and to have performed services aecoiding to the
provisions of the above recited act; whereupon
payment shall be made as recommended by said
commissioners, and as required by said act; and
provided further that within ninety days from the
passage of the resolution, the said commissioners
shall examine and report upon all other claims
arising under the aforesaid act, u henpaymentsha.l
be made as prescribed 111 the resolution.
Mr. PPJCE. I presume that there can be no
objection to the passage of this resolution, and it
is important that it should be passed at once. You
will see from its provisions that it requires a com-
mission to be appointed, and until this resolu-
tion has been passed the commission cannot be
appointed, and then it will require considerable
time before action can be had by the commission.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to inquire
of the gentleman from Missouri what are the par-
ticular classes of claims to which this resolution
applies?
Mr. PRICE. I will state that it provides for
the payment of soldiers who were in active ser-
vice in Missouri, and who have not yet been pro-
vided for. A bill passed the House in the early
part of the session providing for their payment,
and went to the Senate, and that bill was arrested
there. This resolution has been passed by the Sen-
ate, and there can be no objection to it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the Clerk read the
resolution again ?
The resolution was again read.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have no doubt that some
legislation is necessary, and that speedily, upon
this subject, but I think it should be a little more
specific than this language implies. The resolu-
tion proposes to pay all who were in the military-
service. Now, sir, it has been reported to this
House that there were colonels, majors, and offi-
cers of every grade appointed and commissioned
in that military department without law and against
it. Is it intended to pay them'
Mr. NOELL. I desire to state that this reso-
lution does not propose to provide for any pay-
ments whatever. It is only a limitation and re-
striction upon an act already passed at this session
of Congress. AVe have already provided for the
payment, and this is a resolution to provide means
by which the coi redness and justness of the claims
can bo ascertained. That is the whole of the res-
olution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that the bill
which we passed was a carelessly drawn one, and
embraces claims that have stiuclt with astonish-
ment the administrative departments of the Gov-
ernment. I have seen representations of the char-
acterof some of these claimscalled military claims,
and I think they ought not to be paid. 1 should
like the Committee on Military Affairs to look into
the matter.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I would like to suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky that a bill has already-
passed for the settlement of these claims. The
effect of this resolution is to imposelimitations and
restrictions upon the bill already passed, and which
was not sufficiently guarded. The effect of this
resolution is to create a commission by which the
number of persons who will receive the benefitof
the other act will bo limited.
Mr. NOELL. The very object of the resolu-
tion is to prevent the abuses referred to by the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Missouii whether any payments have been
made under the act which passed this session?
Mr. NOELL. I will say, in response to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that I understand that no
claims have been paid. I called upon the Secre-
tary of War myself for information upon this
subject, and he informed me that he would not act
under the law already passed until some provision
was made by which thejustice of the claims could
be ascertained.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire if this reso-
lution has been printed.
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate resolution,
and it lias not been printed in the House. It was
taken from the Speaker's table by unanimous con-
sent this morning.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the resolution
be refened to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PRICE. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Johnson's motion was agreed to—ayes
fifty-seven, noes not counted.
So the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to 0 privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet 011 Monday next. That
motion, 1 presume, will meet with the approbation
of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that motion debatable?
