1862.
the congressional globe.
bia be, and lhf;y aie hereby, instructed to inquire into the
condition and management of the jail in the city of Wash-
ington, and to report such measures as in their opinion may
be necessa.y in relation thereto; and that they have power
to fcpnd for persons and papers.
There bring no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have of-
fered the resolution, founded on a letter that I ask
to have read to the Senate, from Mr. Duvall, lately
employed in that jail.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Washington City, D. C., February 16,1862.
Dkar Sir: 1 have on several occasions said to Mr.
Lamon, the marshal for the District of Columbia, that if he
would'put himself in communication witli his friends, and
with some of us as officers of the jail, it would be for the
public interest; that, as marshal, he ought to know what
was doing at the jail. He paid no attention to this friendly
counsel, preferring, as it clearly seems, to trust himself in
the hands of Phillips, Ward & Co., the known enemies of
the Pr<vsido«t. And now. sir, I take this opportunity to
address this'note to you, as a friend of the piesent Chief
Magl&tiate and of humanity, to inform you that there has
been at the jail some gross violations of law, and total and
absolute neglect of the necessities of the prisoners com-
mitted to that institution. I wish I could be spaied the
necessity of complaining against any one, but justice to
myself, my family, and my fellow-citizens, whose good
opinion I have always tried to merit, makes it a matter of
duty. 1 wish to say that among tiie abuses of power at this
jail, that of whipping, or " cobbing," as it is called, is the
most outrageous. This " cobbing" is an operation per-
formed by such of the guards as please to do it—some will
not. The superintendent gives the order, but sometimes
does the work himself. It is done by taking the victim and
stripping him, and stretching him across a barrel; and a
tough board is used; it is about four or five inches wide,
and the blows are inflicted by striking on the naked person.
The cries and groans of the victims are di&tiessing. I have
counted thirty-three blows on one person. It causes gieat
pain. Let us have a committee to inquire intothese abuses.
Summon George H. Faymari, Johnson Simonds. These
two men, witli myself, were the friends of the Administra-
tion. The names of the other officers arc Robert Waters,
Patiick Wilson, Thomas Robeison, and James McGowen;
this last-named man i« now acting a's the superintendent,
which is hut additional evidence that Ward H. Lamon is
no true friend to the President, or he would not place a
man who is as bitter as McGowen in that position. It is
an insult on the pait of the marshal to the fiiends of free-
dom to keep such a man in power. What can be done is
best to be done at once. Let the House pass tiro bill forthe
appointment of a warden. Let a man be selected whose
fitness lor the place will consist in (besides the other qual-
ifications) fii niness and humanity, and a better regard for
the rights of those who have been so unfortuuate as to get
in prison.
1 am, respectfully, your humble servant,
AMOK DUVALL.
Hon. Henry Wilson.
The resolution was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF TREASON BY OUTLAWRY.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill .(S. No.
208) declaring a forfeiture of the rights and priv-
ileges'of certain persons; which was read twice by
its title,and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HARRIS: I move that the bill be printed,
and I will state in a few words the object of the bill.
It is a bill, in my judgment, of very great import-
ance, and in this country its provisions are novel.
It is a bill of first impression. It is founded upon
the English doctrine of outlawry. The lawyer is
aware thatby Magna Charta no citizen can be out-
lawed, put without the protection and benefit of
the law of the land, but by the law of the land; in
other words, by act of Parliament. I propose by
this bill to introduce that principle here.
The great question which agitates the public
mind now is, what is to be done with the traitor?
I have given that subject some thought myself.
Prosecutions for treason, I apprehend, will prove
for the most part ineffectual. They will not have
much effect upon the minds of the traitors; they
are too distant, too uncertain; they hold out butan
empty shadow. We can pass no bill of attainder,
no ex post facto law to affect this class of persons.
That is prohibited by the Constitution. In other
words, we cannot, after the act is committed, de-
clare a man guilty of treason; but this we can do:
we can declare—and this is the object of the bill—
that a man who shall take up arms, or who has
already taken up arms' and shall continue in arms
against the Government, or who shall resist or
obstruct the Constitution and laws of the country,
or who shall aid or assist any person in obstruct-
ing or resisting the laws of the country, shall for-
feit his rights and privileges under the laws and
Constitution of our country. That is the princi-
ple of the English doctrine of outlawry. In my
judgment, that is the true policy for us to pursue
in reference to rebels.
881
The bill that I have introduced declares this
principle of forfeiture of the rights and privileges
of persons in arms against the country or aiding
or assisting those wlio are thus in arms; and the
details of Uie bill provide that when such a person
shall attempt to assert a right, as for example, if
he were to bring an ejectment to recover a piece
of land from which he had been driven, which has
fallen into the possession of the Government, this
actof outlawry declaring the forfeiture of his rights
and privileges may be pleaded in abatement or bar
of that action; or if he shall institute legal proceed-
ings to recover other property, a slave for example,
this actdeclaring a forfeiture of his rights and priv-
ileges will be a bar to that proceeding.
The bill contains other provisions. I apprehend
that it is imperfect; it is a bill of first impression;
but I have taken some pains to prepare it, and I
think with a little consideration on the part of the
Senate it may be matured into a bill which will be
more effectual than any other provision that has
been concocted. I am in favor of confiscation; I
am in favor of the bill which has been reported by
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] on the
subject of confiscation; but after all, I have very
little idea that in a pecuniary point of view, it is
going to amount to much. I have very little idea
that the Government is going to profit much by the
confiscation of rebel property. In my judgment
this bill will have much greater and broader effect
upon the rebels; it will have a tendency to stimulate
litigants, opponents, competitors, to detect trea-
son, and expose it by pleading it in bar to legal pro-
ceedings.
1 have taken the liberty thus to state the outline
of the bill with a view to call the attention of Sen-
ators to it. I regard it as a bill of as much im-
portance as any relating to the subject of treason
that has been up to this time brought before the
Senate. I move that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 269) to establish a Department of
Agriculture, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON CONDUCT OF TIIE WAR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the amendment ofthe House of Representa-
tives to the resolution (S. No. 39) providing a ste-
nographer for the joint committee appointed to
inquire into theconductof the war. The amend-
ment is to strike out the words '' out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,"and
insert ip lieu of them, "by the Secretary of the
Senate out of the money already appropriated to
meet the expenses of said committee."
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will be
concurred in; it is all light.
The amendment was concurred in.
REJOICINGS TOR YICTORY.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House ofRepresentatives had unanimously passed
the following resolutions of'the Senate:
The joint resolution (No. 44) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Dupont,
officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines under
his command, for the victory at Port Royal.
The joint lesolution (No. 51) giving the thanks
of Congress to the officers, soldiers, and seamen
of the Army and Navy, for their gallantry in the
recent brilliant victories over t^e enemies of the
Union and the Constitution.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a resolution directing
the Commissioner of Public Buildings to cause
the public buildings of this city to be illuminated
on Saturday evening next, February 22, in honor
of the victories obtained by the Army and Navy
ofthe United States; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
'Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up for imme-
diate action the resolution that has just C9tne in
from the House ofRepresentatives authorizing the
Commissioner of Public Buildings to provide for
illumination of the public buildings in this city on
Saturday evening next. It may be necessary, in
order to enable the proper arrangements to be
made, that we should pass it at an early hour.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
oftheHouseof Representatives was concurred in.
SENATOR JE05I OREGON.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, reported on the 7th instant from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark, of Oregon, appointed a
Senator of that State by the Governor thereof is 'entitled
to take the constitutional oath of office.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, it appears fro 
the documents before the Senate, and which were
before the Judiciary Commitee, that on the'29th
of October last Mr. Stark was appointed a Sen-
ator by the Governor of Oregon to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Senator Baker. The
credentials are in due form. With respect to these
there is no dispute. The only question before
the committee arose upon certain affidavits which
were presented to the Senate at the same time that
the credentials were produced. These affidavits
undertake to detail certain conversations which
had been had with Mr. Stark prior to his appoint-
ment as a Senator, one as early as December,
I860, and another in February following—many
months, it will be observed, before his appoint'
ment—in which conversations, according to the
affidavits, he had made use of various expressions^
certainly very unbecoming and very reprehensi-
ble in a loyal citizen.
The question submitted to the committee was,
whether or not evidence of this description could
be allowed to prevail against his prima facie right
to take his seat as a Senator. The committee were
of opinion that they could not. The Constitution
declares what shall be the qualifications of a Sen-
ator. They are in respect to his age, in respect
to his residence, in respect to his citizenship; and
the committee were of opinion that the Senate were
limited to the question, first, whether or not the
person claiming the seat and presenting his cre-
dentials produced the requisite evidence of his elec-
tion or appointment; and second, whether there
was any question as to his constitutional qualifi-
cations. It was insisted by a member of the com-
mittee, who has made a minority report, that it was
competent for the Senate to go beyond these ques-
tions, and to ascertain what had been the conduct
and deportment of the candidate for a seat in the
Senate even before his election or appointment.
The language which that Senator uses in his mi-
nority report, and I read from it that I may not
misquote him, is this:
"The Constitution declares that 'each House may de-
termine tiie rules of its proceedings, punish Us mombeis
for disorderly behavior, and, with the concuirence-of two
thirds, expel a member.' The connection ot the sentence
in which the power of expulsion is given would indicate
this is clearly right—
" that it was intended to be exercised for pome act done as
a member, and not for some cause existing bci'ore the mem-
ber was elected or toofc bis seat. For any crime or infamous
act done before that tune the appropriate remedy would
seem to be to refuse to allow him to qualify, which, in the
judgment of the undersigned, the Senate may properly do;
not by way of adding to the qualifications "—
It is obvious that the Senator felt himself em-
barrassed in sustaining this doctrine—
" not by way of adding to the qualifications imposed by the
Constitution, but as a punishment due to his crime or the
infamy of his character."
That is to say, when a man comes to take his
scat here, the Senate can inquire into his former
life, see what his conduct has been, whether he
has been guilty of crime or not; and if, in the
judgment of the Senate, he has been guilty of
crime or misconduct, it can deny him the seat to
which he was elected by the proper constituency
in order to punish him for his offense! Now, I do
not understand that it is competent for the Senate,
and I think they step aside from their only juris-
diction when they attempt to punish a man for
his crime or misbehavior antecedent to his elec-
tion. If this were so the Constitution ought to be
amended so as to read, that the Legislature of a
State, or the Governor of a State, in a certain con-
tingency, shall elect or appointaScnator, subject
to the advice and consent of the Senate. The Sen-
ate would then be the ultimate jud^e whether or
not the man ought to have a seat here, and it would
be competent for the Senate upon any caprice or
any view it might take of the capacity, moral, or
intellectual, or political, of a man, to reject him
and prevent his taking a seat. Sir, I do not so
understand the Constitution. I understand the
Senate is the judge of the election of a Senator,
of the sufficiency and genuineness of the returns
