1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
Laws of the United States.
3<txi CoNa....2D Sess.
supeimtendcnt to ihe party injured, with the ap-
proval ol the Secretary of the'lnterior.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That in case
fne trespasser shall be the chief or headman of a
band or tribe, in addition to the penalties above
provided for, it shall be the duty of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in hisdistrict to suspend
thesaid trespasserfrom his office for three months,
and during that time to deprive him of all the ben-
efits and emoluments connected therewith: Pro-
vided, That the said chief or headman may be
sooner restoied to his former standing if the" su-
perintendent shall so direct.
Approved, June 14, 18G2.
Chap. CII.—An Act providing for the selection
ot_ Jurors to serve m the several Courts in the
District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rcpre-
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the register
of Washington city, and of the respective clerks
of the city of Georgetown and the levy court of
Washington county, in the District of Columbia,
within one month after the passage of this act,
and on or before the first day of February in each
year thereafter, to make a list of such of the white
male citizens, tax-payers, residing within their
respective jurisdictions as they shall judge best
qualified to serve as jurors in the courts of the
said District, in which lists may be included, in
the discretion of the officer making the same, the
names of such qualified persons as were on the
list of the previous year but did not serve as ju-
rors, and the lists thus made by the register and
clerks aforesaid shall be kept by them, respect-
ively, and be delivered over to their successors in
office.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers aforesaid shall sclect from the listof the regis-
ter of Washington city the names of four hundred
persons, froirTthat of the clerk of Georgetown
eighty persons, and from that of the clerk of the
levy court forty persons, which proportion, after
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-three, may
be varied from year to year according to the in-
crease or decrease of population in the"respective
jurisdictions, by order of the judges of the circuit
court of Washington county.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Mayors of the cities of Washington and George-
town, all judicial officers, salaried officers of the
Government of the United States, commissioners
of police, and those connected with the police or
fire department, counselors and attorneys at law,
ministers of the Gospel and priests of every de-
nomination, practicing physicians and surgeons,
keepers of hospitals, asylums, almshouses, or
other charitable institutions created by or under
the laws relating to the District of Columbia, cap-
tains and masters and other persons employed on
vessels navigating the waters of said District, and
keepers of public ferries, shall be exempt fiom
jury duty, and their names shall not be placed in
the list aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the names
selected from said lists shall be written on sepa-
rate and similar pieces of paper, which shall be so
folded or rolled up that the names cannot be seen,
and placed in a box, to be provided by the regis-
ter and clerks aforesaid, which box shall be sealed,
and after being thoroughly shaken, shall be de-
livered to the clerk of the circuit court of Wash-
ington county for safe-keeping.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said
register and clerks, and the clerk of the circuit
court, shall, at least ten days before the com-
mencement of each term of the circuit or of the
criminal court, meet at the City Hall inWashing-
ton city, and then and there "the clerk of the cir-
cuit court shall publicly break the seal of said box
and proceed to diaw therefrom the names of so
many persons as aie required; and if the jury
about to be drawn is intended for service in the
cuminal court, the twenty-three persons whose
names shall be first drawn shall constitute the
grand jury; and the twenty-six persons whose
names shall next' be drawn shall constitute the
petit jury forthat term; bntin a capital case wher-c
the said pane! shall have been exhausted by rea-
son of challenge or otherwise, the court before
whom such capital case is pending may, in its dis-
cretion, order additional names to be drawn; and
if all of the names in the box shall have been
drawn outand nojury found, the court may order
the marshal to summon talesmen until a jury shall
be found. And if a jury be required for the cir-
cuit court, the twenty-six. persons whose names
shall first be drawn shall constitute the jury for
that term, and the names of the persons drawn as
aforesaid shall not be again placed in such box
fbr the period of two years, lr any person whose
name is so drawn shall have died or removed from
the District, or has become otherwise disabled
from serving as a juror, the said register and
clerks shall draw from the box another name,
who shall servo instead; and after the requisite
number of jurors shall have been so drawn, the
said box shall be again sealed and delivered to the
clerk of the circuit court as aforesaid.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the marshal of the District of Co-
lumbia, at least five days before the meeting of
the court for which a jury is lequued, to notify
each person diawn, by serving on him a notice
in writing of his selection as a juror of the court
he is to attend, and of the day and hour he is to
appeal; which notice shall be given to each juror
in person, or be left at his usual place of resi-
dence; a copy of which notice, witn his certifi-
cate stating when and in what manner the original
was served, shall be returned by the said marshal
to the court before the commencement of the term
for which the said jurors were drawn.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in case
cither of the officers whose duty it is to make out
the lists aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to act, or
in case either of them shall be interested in any
action or proceeding pending in the said circuitor
criminal court, the chief judge of the circmtcourt
shall appoint a fit and proper person to discharge
the duty instead; and if the persons selected as
jurors do not attend, the court may order the mar-
shal to summon other respectable tax-payers, pos-
sessing the Qther legal qualifications, to supply
the deficiency. And if at any time there should
not he, by reason of challenge or otherwise, a
sufficient number of jurors to make up the panel,
the court shall order the marshal to summon as
many talesmen as are necessary for that purpose.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no per-
son shall be competent to act as a juror unless he
be a citizen of the United States, a resident of the
District of Columbia, over twenty-one and under
sixty-five years of age, a good and lawful man,
who has never been convicted of a felony or mis-
demeanor involving moral turpitude. And a per-
son may be excused by the court from serving on
a jury when, for any reason, his interests or those
of the public will be materially injured by his at-
tendance, or when he is a party in any action or
proceeding to be tried or determined by the inter-
vention of a jury at the term for which he may
be summoned, oi where his own health or the
death or sickness of a member of his family re-
quires his absence.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if any
officer named in the first section of this act shall
put on the list he is required to make, the name
of any person at his own request, or on the re-
quest of any other person, or shall be guilty of
any fraud or collusion with respect to the drawing
of jurors, he shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall be punished by a fine of not
less than one hundred dollars, and imprisoned in
the county jail not less than six days, for each
and every offense. And if the clerk of the circuit
court shall draw from the box a greater number
of names than is required by the court, in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act, or shall put
in said box any name after the same has been de-
livered to him as atoresaid, or shall be guilty of
any fraud or collusion m respect to the drawing
of jurors, he shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall be punished by a fine of not
less than one hundred dollars, and 1>r imprisoned
m the county jail not less than sixty days, for
each and every offense.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That if any
person selected as a juror and duly notified to at-
tend according to the requirements of this act,
shall, without sufficient cause, neglect to attend
agreeably lo such notice, he shall be fined by the
court in a sum not exceeding twenty dollars for
every day he shall be absent during the sitting of
said court.
Sec. 11. And be & further enactcd, That the
names on the lists specified in the second section
of this act shall be selected, as near as may be,
from among the citizens of the several waids of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and
the three divisions of the county of Washington
outside the limits of said cities formed by the
Eastern Branch of the Potomac river and Rock
creek, in proportion to the number of taxable in-
habitants residing in said wards and districts,
respectively.
Approved, June 1G, 1862.
Chap. CIIl.—An Act defining additional Causes
of Challenge and prescribing uii additional Oath
for Grand and Petit Jurors in the United States
Courts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the existing causes
of disqualification and challenge of ciand and
petit jurors in the courts of the United States, the
following are hereby declared and established,
namely: without duress and coercion to have taken
up arms, or to have joined any insurrection and
lebellion, against the United States; to have ad-
hered to any rebellion, giving it aid and comfort;
to have given, directly or indirectly, any assist-
ance in money, arms, horses, clothes, or any-
thing whatever, to or for the use or benefit of any
person or persons whom the person giving such
assistance knew to have joined, or to bo about to
join, any insurrection or rebellion, or to have re-
sisted, or to be about to resist with force of arms,
the execution of the laws of the United Slates, or
whom he had good ground to believe had joined,
or was about to join, any insurrection or rebel-
lion, or had resisted, or was about to resist, with
force of arms, the execution of the laws of the
United States, and to have counseled and advised
any person or persons to join any insunection
and rebellion, or to resist with force of arms the
laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That at each
and every term of any court of ihe Uniied State*,
the distnct attorney, or other person acting for
and on behalf of the United States in said court,
may move, and the court in their discretion may
require the clerk to tender to each and every per-
son who may be summoned to serve as a grand
or petit juror or venireman or talesman in said
court, the following oath or affirmation, namely:
" You do solemnly swear/or affirm, as the ease
may be) that you will support the Constitution of
the United States of America; that you have not,
without duress and constiaint, taken up arms, or
joined any insurrection or rebellion a^.iinst the
United States; that you have not adhered to any
insurrection or rebellion, giving it aid and coin-
fort; that you have not, directly or indiiectly,
given any assistance in money, or any other thing,
to any person or persons whom you knew, or had
good ground to believe, had joined, or was about
to join, said insurrection and rebellion, oi had re-
sisted, or was about to resist, with force of arms,
the execution of the laws of the United States;
and that you have not counseled or advised any
person or persons to join any rebellion n^amst, or
to resist with forcc of arms, the Knv.s of the Uni-
ted States." Any person or persons di chmnii to
take said oath shall be discharged by ihe court
from serving on the grand or petit jury, or venire,
to which he may have been summoned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That each and
every person who shall take the oath herein pie-
scribed, and who shall swear falsely to any mat-
ter of fact embraced by it, shall be held to have
committed the crime of perjurv, and shall be sub-
ject to the pains and penalties declaied against that
crime.
Approved, June 37, 18G2.
Chap. CIV.—An Act making provision f. r rais-
ing Propeity of the United States sunk in the
waters thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate cunt Jlow>c of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congieis
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
