1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the comparison that he chose to introduce. In
the valley of the Mississippi, north of the Ohio
and westward to the Pacific, the widows and or-
phans of one side suppose that their sighs and
prayers and mournings go up to the great Fount-
ain of truth, as do those who live in the southern-
most portion of the Confederacy. We are of a
common race from the mouth of the Mississippi
up to its sources, from Oregon to Florida, and it
is hard to believe that there is no sympathy be-
tween the people of all the land in this most un-
happy war. As to the right and the wrong of this
controversy, I think I am well understood; for
when there was a time for controversy on this ques-
tion, I was engaged in establishing what I thought
sound opinions, Union opinions, on the shores of
the Pacific; and I will go as far as any gentleman
from New England, or from New York, or from
any State, to maintain that Union as it was born
to us and as it was given to us; but I am not going
to maintain it by practices which place our erring
brethren of the South outside of and beyond the
pale of civilized war. Itcannotbe thus maintained.
Mr. President, we have a war before us still.
If the spirit manifested here is heard among our
adversaries, if the remarks made here to-day aie
made known to them, if they understand that the
Senator ft om New Hampshire expresses the spirit
of this war, if they understand that this war is
waged not merely in a revengeful but a vindictive
spirit, children, as well as gray-headed men, will
muster for the fight. The boy of ten will lift the
rusty musket left in his father's cabin, and, when
he cannot load it, will point it at the enemy of his
mother and himself. If this is the spirit in which
the war is to be made, then beyond the border,
boys will be men and men will be iron. Every-
thing, man, husband, wife, mother, children, will
be absolutely and continuously either assailant or
resistant, if this should be so, when think you
could we conquer a peace? Not with a victory
at Yorktown or Corinth, nor with such victories
multiplied.
Mr. President, I did not propose to speak at
any length. I arose to reply chiefly to a senti-
ment from the Senator from New Hampshire. I
trust the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia may prevail, for some wise and just measure
may be devised which will reach the persons who
should be punished. I am for punishing the per-
sons responsible. I will go as far for and make
as few objections against, as any person, the most
rigorous penalties the law can inflict upon the
men who have inaugurated this great wrong, and
who have been its leaders; but I will not have it
visited upon the women and children, the ignorant
and unadvised followers of the southern rebels. I
trust the reference will be made, and that we may ;;
have a bill that we can support, by which we |i
shall punish, punish justly, and have,at^thesame i
time, a small reservation for magnanimity. |
Mr*. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the vote j
can now be taken on the motion to commit these j
bills to a special committee, I shall be very glad j
to have it taken; but if it cannot, if Senators in- ,
tend to discuss that proposition further, I desire j
to have a brief executive session. j
Mr.SHERMAN. Isimplydesiretoexpressmy J
hope that this question will be disposed of before ,
we adjourn to-night. In a very short time the tax j
bill, with many amendments, will be brought here, ;
and that will undoubtedly absorb the attention t
of the Senate for some time; and as nearly every 1
member of the Senate has spoken on the confisca- \
uon bill, and as eveiy Senator, I have no doubt, :
has made up his mind precisely hosv far he will ;
go on the question of confiscation, I trust it will
not be deemed unreasonable to insist upon a vote j
on the pending proposition, because I think that j
in two or three days more the pressure of other |
business will necessarily drive this away. The >
position of public alfairs demands that we should ;
devote a little attention to the practical legislation j
necessary to be passed upon at this session of ■
Congress. I hope, therefore, that before the Sen- |
ate adjourns to-day, the question ot reference will ;
be disposed of, so that we may know whether wo j
shall have to vote on the pending propositions or
whether the whole subject is to pass away from
us by fh^ reference.
Mr. UOWARD I beg to submit an amend-
ment to the pending resolution, in the following
words:
With instiuctions to bring m a bill for the confiscation of
all the property of the leading insurgents, and the emanci-
pation of the slaves of all persons who have taken up arms
against the United States during the present insurrection.
And upon the amendment I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to say that
I shall vote against this amendment and any other
relating to the question of reference. I think we
can decide the question without a reference; and
if the vote is carried in the affirmative on the
amendment, it will not have any effect at all. I
think, therefore, we had better vote against all
amendments to the proposed reference, and let us
have a vote upon the question of reference directly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say a word in regard
to this proposition, as I shall vote differently from
the Senator from Ohio. I shall vote in favor of
the instructions, so that in case the Senate should
think proper to refer these matters, itmay be with
instructions. Otherwise, I should regard the ref-
erence as decisive of the opinion of the Senate that
nothing was intended to be done upon this subject.
It is known that this question has been before
Congress for many months. The subject was
under consideration for weeks in the Committee
on the Judiciary. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is a member of that committee. He fought
it there with all the power that he could exert. It
was sometime before anything was reported from
that committee. At length, however, a majority
of the committee consented to report the bill which
is before the Senate. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, not satisfied with that, after having been
upononecommittee which considered itfor weeks,
asks now to have it referred again to another com-
mittee, of which, of course, he being the mover,
will take charge. We all know his views on the
subject; he has expressed them here to-day; he
has informed the Senate and the country tha't all
that is necessary is to clothe the President with
power. He has said in a speech on this floor that
all we have to do is to raise men and money. He
believes that the President of the United States
! possesses the power of confiscation, and that no
| legislation in reference to that subject is necessary.
| We understand his views. If there is a disposi-
tion in the Senate to refer this bill, of course it will
be the end of the question,if itisreferred without
instructions; and while, therefore, I shall vote for
the instructions, I shall vote against the reference,
notwithstanding the instructions may be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out so much of it as relates to the
subject of emancipating the slaves.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I simply
rise to say that I think we had better withdraw
this amendment, and take the question on the
naked proposition to recommit. I think we can
vote it down. I think we ought to vote it down:
but if it is carried, we can then give the instruc-
tions. I think we have a majority in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from Mich-
igan, m order to allow us to have this matter dis-
posed of to-night, will withdraw his amendment,
and that we shall be allowed to vote upon the ref-
erence.
Mr. HOWARD. I will do so with great
pleasure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the amendment of the Senator from
' Kentucky is out of order, inasmuch .as the mo-
' tion of the Senator from Michigan is an amend-
| ment to the proposition of the Senator from Penn-
; sylvania, and an amendment to an amendment is
! as far as under the rules we can go. The motion
j of the Senator from Kentucky would be in the
i third degree.
| Mr. DAVIS. I think the Chair misconceives
| the state of the propositions. The Senator from
j Pennsylvania moves an original proposition; the
j Senator from Michigan moves to amend it; I move
1 to amend the amendment. That is certainly ac-
! coidm^ to paihamentarv rule.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
| mistaken. The motion of the Senator from Penn-
! sylvania was an original resolution. The amend-
i ment of the Senator from Kentucky is in order,
j The Senator fiom Kentucky proposes to amend
! the amendment ot the Senator from Michigan.
' The amendment of thp Senator from Michigan
I wii| be lead, and then the proposition to strike
! out, moved by the Senator from Kentucky, will
ii also be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Senator
from Michigan to have withdrawn his amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire whether it is in
order for me to withdraw the amendment which
I offered. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It ca  be with-
drawn by the common consent of the Senate; The-
yeas and nays having been ordered upon it, it
cannot be withdrawn except by the common son-
sent of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the withdrawal of it.
Mr. HOWARD. "Very well; let us have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On the amendment to the
amendment, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment will
be read before the vote is taken.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Howard, as follows:
With instructions to bring in a bill for the confiscation of
all the property of the leading insurgents, and the emanci-
pation of the slaves of all persons who have taken up arms
against the United States during the present insurrection.
The amendment of Mr. Davjs is to strike out
the words <s and the emancipation of the slaves of
all persons."
Mr. SAULSBURY. At the request of the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] I state
that he has been called home suddenly by the in-
disposition of a member of his family, and will
not be back, perhaps, for several days.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^. Garble, Davis, Henderson, Latham,
MeDousaH, Nes-'mith, Powell. Saulsbury, Stark, Willey,
and Wilson of Missouri—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Hi owning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamei, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittie, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
IJalp, Hart te, Howaid, Howe, Kin?. Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, Pomcroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Tiumbullj Wade, Wilkinson, Wiimot, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts and Wright—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire now if it be in
order for me to withdraw the amendment which
I offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By the com-
mon consent of the Senate only.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course I leave it to the
Senate.
Several Senators. No objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, no objection being made, and
the question is on the adoption of the motion 01
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that I shall
vote for this reference, because there are four or
five different propositions pending at the same
time, which have been introduced by honorable
Senators. Mr. Clark, of New Hampshire, has
introduced one; Mr. Collameu, of Vermont, has
presented one.
Mr. CLARK. I did not offer any.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I so understood. There
is the proposition of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Shermax,] and there is the proposition of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris.] Itseems
to me that these propositions ought to be com-
pared together by some committee whoareh'iendly
to some kind of proposition, to see if they cannot
a°ree. We are placed in this position: tlie im-
mediate pending question is between the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, I believe, and the
original bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont. The Senator from
Ohio, perhaps, may prefer his amendment to that
of the Senator from Vermont, and yet prefer the
Senator from Vermont's to the original bill; and
what position is he placed in, and how can he
give his vote? I think it would be wiser that it
should go to a committee. So far from the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] claiming
i| the position of being chairman of the committee,
i he proposes that the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
!l Collamer,] or any other gentleman, shall be
