2844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope it will not prevail.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE. I rise to a question of
order. Is it in-order to ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means if there is any
public business which can be done to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If there is, I hope the
House will not adjourn over.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand theyeasand nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was take^i; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 36, nhys 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Diddle, Calveit,Fonton, Good-
Win, Grider, Gurley, Haight, Hall, Harding, Hickman,
Johnson, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Leary,Mni-
lory, May, Maynard, Menzies, John S. Phelps, Price,
Richardson, Robin-son, James S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Smith,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham,
Veuee, Vooihees, Walton, Whaley, Albeit S. White, and
Wiekhffe—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Jacob 13. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown,
Buffiuton, Butnham, Campbell, Casey, Ch.unbeikn, Claik,
Clements, Colfax, Fiedern-k A. Conkling, Rodent* Conk-
ling, Corning, Cutler, Dawes, Diven, Dimiap, Dunn, Ed-
geiton, Edwaitf*, Eliot, English, Fe«henden, Franchot,
Granger, Hale, Hauchett, liolman, Horton, Uutcluns,
Lansing, Law, Lazear,Loomis, Lovejoy, Low. McKnight,
Moorhead, Morris, Noelt, Noiton, Ohn, Pendleton, Pike,
Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheilabaiger, Sher-
man, Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens, Stratum, Trimble, Tiowbudge, Van Horn, Wall,
Wallace, Waid, Wa-hburne. Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff, and Worcestei—81.
So the motion to adjourn over was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that Mr. Sloan
was confined to his room by sickncss.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
bill of the House (No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley
for his claim and improvements taken from him
by the Omaha reservation in the Territory of Ne-
braska.
The message also requested the return to the
Senate of the bill of the Senate (No. 171) to reor-
ganize the Navy Department of the United States.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the consent of the
House that the Judiciary Committee be allowed
to sit, for the purpose of making an examination
authorized by the House, during the sessions of
the House.
There being no objection,leave was granted.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to inquire when
the Judiciary Committee will be able to report upon
a bill which they were instructed to repoit last
week ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
make that inquiry by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
SARAII F. BERRYMAN.
The House then resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the uniinished busi-
ness of last Friday, being bill of the House (No.
522) for the relict'ot Sarah I<\ Berry man, the pend-
ing question being upon the engrossment and
third reading of the bill.
The bill was lead. it directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Sarah F. Berry-
man, widow of the late 0. II. Berryman, lieuten-
ant commanding in the United States Navy, on
the pension roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per
month instead of thirty dollars pcrmonth, as now
granted, fiom the 24th of April, 3861, for and
during 1st natural life.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to re-
fer that bill to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that motion. I do
not desire to debate this raeasuie, but simply to
make a statement. This claimant is the widow of
very meritorious officer of the United States
Navy, who was a lieutenant in that service at the
time of his death. Vie rendeied the Groverument
very important service in some of the events con-
nected with the southern coast. His widow is
already receiving a pension of thirty dollars per
month, the same to which her husband would have
been entitled in the grade which he held at the
time of his death. J t is now proposed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to increase her pension
from thirty dollars to fifty dollars. Under the gen-
eral pension bill Mrs. Berryman is only entitled to
receive a pension of twenty-five dollars per month,
instead of thirty dollars, which she is now receiv-
ing. Under tlfese circumstances, and taking into
consideration the rule which we have adopted, it
seems to me that this pension should not be further
increased. I am in favor of an increase of pen-
sions generally, especially those of the rank and
file of the Army; but it seems to me that it would
bean unjust discrimination against the widows of
other meritorious offioeis and soldiers to increase
this lady's pension. On that account I have moved
to refer the bill to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. LEARY. Mr. Speaker, I cannot sec either
the necessity or propriety of this House making
the reference suggested by the gentleman from
Indiana. This matter was thoroughly discussed
last Friday. All the facts and merits of the case
were laid specifically and clearly before the House
so that it might act understandingly in respect to
it. If the case be so clear, as stated by the gentle-
man from Indiana, where is the necessity of this
House postponing further action upon it' Where
is the necessity of referring it to a Committee of
the Whole House, and thus continuing the worthy
lady m a state of greatsuspense and anxiety, when
the House, by a few moments' action could dis-
pose of it definitely and finally ? The only ques-
tion before the House in regard to this bill is as
to whether the facts stated by the committee in
its report constitute a case of such superior and
extraordinary merit as to justify Congress m de-
viating from the general rule in regard to pensions.
That is the question, which the House can effect-
ually decidc upon, if it see fit.
It was stated here last Friday, and the evidence
has been fully laid before the committee and be-
foie the House, that it was in consequence of the
efforts of Lieutenant Berryman, at the breaking
out of the hostilities in which the country is at
present involved, in consequence of the manly
and determined stand taken by him on board the
steamer Wyandotte, when all its principal officers
had resigned and abandoned the service, that Fort
Pickens was saved. I4e stood manfully by the
Has: and by the Government.
This, then, is a peculiar case. It is a case of
extraordinary merit. The only interest that I feel
in it is that 1 know this lady. I know the neces-
sities ot this family. If it were not a case of most
peculiar merit, and accompanied with such ex-
traordinary circumstances, as to recommend it to
the favor of the House, I would not lift my voice
or urge one syllable in its support. But I am con-
vinced of the propriety of the measure; I am con-
vinced that Congress, in passing it, would be only
exercising a liberal and wise discretion. I there-
fore ask "the House not to refer the matter to a
Committee of the Whole, but to act upon it now,
summarily and definitely.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland whether Mrs. Berryman is not now re-
ceiving five dollars pcrmonth more than the widow
of any officer of the same grade would receive un-
der the pension bill which we passed this session?
Mr. HAR RLSON. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
motion, and it was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 51, noes 42.
The bill was accordingly referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
REORGANIZATION OF TIIE NAYY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Senate, requesting the return to the
Senate of the act (S. No. 171) to reorganize the
Navy Department of the United States.
The bill was returned, in compliancc with the
request.
LAWRENCE P. N. LANDRUM.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Lawrence P. N. Landrum, of Taylor county,
Kentucky; which wasreadafirstand second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Lawrence P. N. Landrum of
Taylor county, in the State of Kentucky, on the
roll of invalid pensioners of the United States, and
pay to him ninety-six dollais per annum, to be
computed from the 23d of March, 1862.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire
whether there is a report accompanying the bill?
Mr. HARRISON. There is no report accom-
panying; it, for the reason that the facts on which
the bill is reported are contained in a statement of
the general who was in command of the brigade
to which the soldier was attached.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I move to refer
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. HARDING. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw the motion until I
can submit the facts in relation to this case.
The SPEAKER. The motion is debatable.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Speaker, I feel con-
vinced that after the facts of this case shall have
been brought to the attention of the House, it will
rccognizc the justice of this bill. Landrum, the
claimant, volunteered into the service, and was
sworn in by the general in command on the 7th
of October last. General Ward was engaged in
raising a brigade at Greensburg, Kentucky. But
before the company to which the young man be-
longed was regularly mustered into seivico, he,
with thirty-nine others, was sent into an adjoin-
ing county for the purpose of breaking up a den
of secessionists—a notorious nest of marauders—
at the house of one Cyrus Hutchinson. Landrum
volunteered for that service. As the little party
approached the house, about daylight, a fight en-
sued, and Landrum received eight wounds, his
thigh bone being crushed, one of his legsbroken
in two places, and his shoulder wounded. From
the result of these wounds he must go through
life on crutches, tie was left for dead by those
who returned. It was afterwards discovered that
he was not dead. Ever since he has been de-
pendent on charity. I do not desire to detain the
House by making a lengthened statement. The
young man has himself, m a letter which I hold
m my hand, communicated the facts. I have also
a letter from General Watd, corroborating his
statement; and I can say, moreover, that I know
the statement to be true, so far as it is possible
for one who was not present to know the facts.
I know that Landrum volunteered his services
and was sent on this expedition; that those who
accompanied him returnedand reported him dead;
and that afterwards it wasascertained that he was
not killed, but badly wounded. 1 ask the atten-
tion of the House to the reading of this letter,
which I think will satiafy every man that the bill
ought to pass.
The letter was read, as follows:
Bear Wallow, Barren County, Kentucky,
1832.
Respected Sir : After co ipetating with Colonel Ilobaon
some two weeks, f joined the army on the 10tb of la-t Oc-
tober. I had had -eveial eommisfious offeied me bv Hob-on
and Lieutenant Colonel Cailile. i was told lhat I could
gi'ta fir>t Iionien.mtcy in the batloiy. I wrote to W. N.
Vaughn to see Captain Feiguson (as t was not well ac-
quainted witii htm) for me. Mt. Vaughn saw him and he
told Will that he wished i '  as hi  fiir-t Iieuteuani, a
member of tlic battery. T w;k sworn in for the sp-ice oiT
tluee years or during the war in the United States Army.
At that time I was the only one who belonged to the com-
pany. Not bavins; any camp duties to pcitbim, I volun-
teered for tl>e puipobeof o.tpturins tome of the enemv's
picket*!, on the afternoon ot the lUth ot October. On the
mom of tiie llth we come upon the enemy in foice at
the notorious Si. Hutchinson'--, m thi^ county, about two
o'clock, a. m. I led the little column thiough mote than
inky daiknets, while turns: to lotni them ip hue of battle,
jwa-^timk with eight ball.-, making a- many wounds;
bfaking my km leg in thiec place?, tcinhlv ciu-buig my
thigh bone ; my legs weie shot tluough and thiough ; aho
my'nght shoulder. Roth parties iotf the field simnltane-
ou--ly. X watfiefr,ad I thought, alone, but tiieie were three
others ; one of them died, the othei> have since recovered.
I do not know how many we killed ot the enemy. [ think
from seven to loin teen killed. I laid Iie.e tor beven week-,
with little m no medical attention, -avc that he&tnwed by
a kind-heaued Union \oung lady, who volunteered her
sei vices, in a seces-ionNt'- hou-e." buffeting iai mote fiom
physical pain ihan I thought myself cupaide of euduung,
besides the mental agony tiom seeing the foes of my coun-
try swatm aioutui my couch, daily exulting over otn calam-
ities, awav ftoni home, and being a pciiectf-tumger. no one
whom I could call fne'ndly, iiddlea with buiiet^ perfectly
helpless, and iii an enemy's lnie>, you may nn.igi.no my
feeling-*. At one time a tiaitor put hi- pistol agam-t my
fon.hi ad, u-nig the mint ptofuue language ; at another the
s-arne one dehbeiateiy took my watch ftoninivneck. Tins
was done while 1 was lying on nn hack at Hutchinson's.
Since the first t-even weeks I have been staying at my
nurso^s house, Mi&& Mary J. Chains. Her sitter and parent?,
