862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
furnished,andtheevidenceofthatelection;andateo
of the constitutional qualifications of the individ-
ual to hold a seat in the Senate. Beyond that, I
apprehend the Senate have no power at all.
The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] has already given notice that he will move
£o,refer this subject back to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, requiring them to express an opinion upon
the facts of the case. I submit to the Senator the
Judiciary Committee have done all they can be
required to do. Here are certain affidavits—they
are very short; they are before the Senate—stat-
ing that certain conversations had been had in
which these disloyal expressions were used by
this gentleman. Now, sir, what opinion as to the
facts can the Judiciary Committee express beyond
this? They say in their report that they are of
opinion that the Senator is entitled to take his seat,
and they do not desire to commit themselves in
relation to the effect of these affidavits upon any
subsequent proceedings. I am not aware that the
committee can express any other or further opin-
ion than that. Therefore, I hope the committee
will not be burdened with any further considera-
tion of this question. For myself, I can go no
further.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following order to
the Senate:
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in the case of Benjamin Sfaik, of Oregon, appointed a
Senator of that State by the Governor thereof, be recom-
mitted to the committee, and that Paul committor be in-
structed to leport, on the facts pioved or admitted, whether,
in their judgment,J.he evidence before them so far impeaches
his loyalty as to disqualify him fiom holding a seat in the
Senate of the United States.
I have but a word to say upon this proposition.
I differ entirely, totally, from the Judiciary Com-
mittee in regard to the scope of their inquiries and
the extent of their jurisdiction upon the creden-
tials that were submitted to them. They say that
there was nothing to inquire into but the mere
fact whether there was a legal election or appoint-
ment, and whether the evidence of it was in due
form; and finding that to be so, that Mr. Stark
was appointed by competentauthority,thathe has
the constitutional qualifications mentioned in the
Constitution, being a citizen, <fcc., of the required
age, that that is all they have to do, and therefore
they have returned their report to the Senate that
he is entitled to qualify as a member, saving any
opinion as to any further proceedings that are to
be had in the case. It seems to me it would be
nonsense to have any further proceedings in the
case if the whole facts have been submitted to the
Senate and by the Senate to the committee, and
the committee have reported back that there is
nothing in the facts proved or admitted to prevent
his qualifying as a Senator. If that is so, then
there is nothing proved or admitted to prevent his
holding his scat as a Senator, because if there is
nothing to prevent his qualifying as a Senator,
there is nothing to prevent his remaining here as
a Senator.
Now, sir, I think the jurisdiction of the com-
mittee extends very much further than that, and
that this subject was leferred to the Judieiaiy
Committee becauscthey were supposed, from their
groat legal learning and experience in examining
and judging of such matters, to be able to give
to the.Senate an opinion upon the facts proved,
whether or not the applicant ought to be permit-
ted to qualify and hold his seat as a member of
the Senate. Besides, sir, I think it is not only the
right, but the imperative duty of the Senate to
make that inquiry. If it is the right of the Senate
to expel a man from his seat because he is not
loyal, I say it is infinitely more the duty uf the
Senate to keep a man who is not a member of the
Senate, who is not loy&l, from coming into the
Senate. It is much easier to prevent a wrong than
to correct it after it is done.
In making these remarks I am not assuming
that Mr. Stark is or is not disqualified by any of
these facts, but I am contending that it is the im-
perative duty of the Judiciary Committee to favor
the Senate with the light of their judgment upon
this question, that we ought to have theiropinion
as to the cfTeet of what is proved and admitted
before them, and that they should hear such ex-
planations as the applicant for the seat chooses to
make. For myself, sir, as an honest and consist-
ent man, if 1 voted for the admission of Mr. Stark
with this evidence spread before us, I should feel
thatl was committed, beyond any reasonable ques-
tion to the contrary, to vote that he should hold
his seat.
" These are my views. I cannot elucidate them
by any argument, but they are so palpable to my
convictions thatl shall content myself with making
the motion, and trust to the magic influence of
a vote for any convincing argument that I may
make.
Mr. SUMNER. * Mr. President, over each
House of Congress the flag of the Union floats
while the body is in session. So long as this flag
ripples above this wing of the Capitol, the pass-
ing stranger knows that the Senate is engaged in
loyal service to the Republic. In no other country
is the national flag thus employed; and I remem-
ber to have heard a distinguished artist, who, un-
happily, no longer lives except in his works—
some of which are near us—remark that this cus-
tom was to him the most original and picturesque
feature of Washington. As he looked upon the
national flag, symbolizing the labors of Con-
gress, it seemed to have a special beauty; for it
reminded him not only of his own duties to his
country, but of the patriotic service in which
those whom the people had trusted were-then en-
gaged.
The Senate is now in session, occupied with its
duties, and the national flag is waving over it. I
need not enlarge on these duties, legislative, dip-
lomatic, and executive. They arc present to your
minds. Suffice it to say, that not a law can be
passed, not a treaty can be ratified, not a nomin-
ation to office can be confirmed without the action
of the Senate. And now you are to determine the
plain question if this body, with these exalted and
most confidential trusts, and actually sitting be-
neath the flag of the Union, is so utterly power-
less and abject that, before admitting a person to
participation in these trusts, it can make no in-
quiry with regard to his loyalty, and cannot even
consider evidence tending to show that he is false
to that flag now waving over us. Sir, if this be
so, if the Senate is really in this condition of im-
becility, if its doors must necessarily swing open
to any tiaitor, even, who piesents himself with a
certificate in his pocket, let the flag drop, and no
longer symbolize the patriot service in which we
are engaged. The report of the committee, ex-
pressed in simpleEnglish, without circumlocution
or equivocation, is, 11 Free admission to traitors
here and no questions asked." In other words,
the claimant of a seat in the Senate can enter and
take it without any question with regard to his
loyalty. He can freely participate in the most
important trusts, with the flag of the Union wav-
ing over him, and nobody shall beallowcd toask,
in advance, if he is true to this flag.
But it is argued by the Senator of Now York
[Mr. Harris] that the Constitution has provided
for the expulsion of a Senator by a vote of two
thirds, and that there can be no inquiry on the
threshold, except with regard to the qualifications
of age, citizenship, and inhabitancy of the State
whose certificate he bears. If this be true, then
open treason itself would not be a disqualification,
and the traitor, if allowed to go at large, might
present his certificate and proceed to occupy a seat
in this body. A proposition is sometimes answered
simply by stating it; and it seems to mo that this
! isdonein the prnsentcase. The Constitution was
i the work of wise and practical men, and they
j were not guilty of the absurdity which such an
| interpretation attributes to them. They did not
I announce that a disloyal man, or, it may be, a
I traitor, might enter this Chamber without oppo-
sition, and then intrench himself securely behind
the provision requiring a vote of two thiids for
his expulsion; they did not declare that the mere
certificate of a Senator was an all-sufficient pass-
port to shield a hateful crime itself from every in-
quiry; nor did they insist that disloyalty in this
high place was to be treated so tenderly as not
even to be touched until, perhaps, it was too late.
This whole argument that the claimant must be
admitted to the Senate and then judged afterwards,
is more kind to the claimant than to the Senate;
it is more considerate to personal pretensions than
to public inteiests. To admita claimant charged
with disloyalty to a seat in the Senate, in the hope
of expelling him afterwards, is a voluntary aban-
donment of the right of self-defense, which belongs
to the Senate as much as to any individual. The
irrational character of such an abandonment is
aptly pictured by the old member of Parliament
in those verses, more expressive than poetical,
once quoted by Mr. Webster:
" I hoar a lion in the lobby roar!
Say, Mr. Speaker, shall we shut the door
And keep him out, or shall we let him in,
And see if we can get him out again ?"
Butthe Senate is nowaskedtodo this very thing.
Instead of shutting* the door and keeping disloy-
alty out, we are asked to let it in, and see if we
can get it out again.
If we look closely at the Constitution we can-
not hesitate. It is assumed by the committee that
there are but three qualifications for a Senator;
and these words are quoted:
"No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained
the age of tliii ty y£«irs, and been nine years a citizen of the
United States; and who shall not, when elected, be an in-
habitant of the State from which lie shall be chosen."
According to these words, the three qualifica-
tions are (1) age, (2) citizenship, and (3) inhab-
itancy of the State he assumes to represent. These
qualifications are not questioned, because they are
found grouped in a special clause of the Consti-
tution; and every applicant, on presenting him-
self here, is subjected at once to these tests. But
it is a mistake to suppose that these are the only
tests or qualifications imposed by the Constitu-
tion. There is another, mentioned at a later part
of the Constitution, more important than either of
the others; so that, though the last in place, it is
the first in consequence. It is loyalty, which I af-
firm is made a qualification under the Constitution
of the United States; and we have already seen
that, even if the Constitution were silent, it is so
essential to the fitness of a Senator for his trusts
that the Senate, in the exercise of its discretion,
ought to require it. But the language of the Con-
stitution leaves no room for doubt.
The words of the Constitution, establishing
loyalty as a qualification, are as follows:
" The Senators and Representatives before mentioned"
* * * *£ shall be bound by oath or affirmation
to support this Constitution."—Art. 6, sec. 3.
These Tjfords are explicit in requiring the oath
to support the Constitution. And the first statute
of the First Congress, approved June 1,1789, and
standing at the head of our statute-book, provides
for the administration of the oath, as follows:
" The oath or affirmation required by the sixth article of
the Constitution of the United States shall beadmmisteied
m tiie form following, to wit: ' 1, A B, do solemnly swear
or arhim (as the case may be) that I will support the Con-
stitution of the United States'" * * * *
"The President of the Senate for the time being shall also
administer the said oath or affirmation to each Senatoi who
shall hereaftci be elccted, precious to his taking his scat."
Thus by the Constitution, explained by the stat-
utes, must the oath to support the Constitution be
administered to a Senator previous to his taking
his seat. But the oath is simply evidence and
pledge of loyalty; and this evidence and pledge
constitute a condition precedent to admission as
a member of the Senate. As loyalty is more im-
portant than age or citizenship or inhabitancy, it
has been put under the solemn safeguard of an
oath. So far from agreeing with the committee,
or with the Senator fiom New York, [Mr. Har-
ris,] that it is not named among the 44 qualifica-
tions," it seems to me that it stands first among
them Of course, it is vain to say that it is not
expressly called a " qualification." Let us ascend
from words to things. It is made a qualification
in fact, call it by what name you will. But men
are familiarly said 44 to qualify" for an office when
they take the necessary oath of office; so that the
language of common life becomes an interpreter
to the requirement of the Constitution. Sir, loy-
alty is among the constitutional qualifications of
a Senator.
Resting on this conclusion, and assuming that
disloyalty is a constitutional disqualification, the
single question remains as to the time when the
evidence with regard to it may be considered.
But as the Senate, under the Constitution, is the
exclusive judge of the qualifications of its mem-
bers, the time when it shall consider a case is
obviously within its own discretion, according to
the exigency. It may take up the ease early or
1 late, before or after the administration of the oath,
j Under oidinary circumstances, where the case
j turned upon a question of age, or citizenship, or
inhabitancy, it would be reasonable, and accord-
ing to usage, that the claimant should be admit-
ted under his certificate, which is prima facie evi-
dence of the requisite qualifications. In such a
case the public interests would not suffer, for the
