1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2sm
also her kind brothers, have done everything in their power
to alleviate my sufferings, biaving ali the intimidating
threats of Hie minors, which were not a few.
For five long, dreary months f laid upon my back, unable
toiatse my head for a dunk of water, or to iced myself; nor
could I mm on mv side. The bones came thiongh thetlan
on my back while lying heie suffi-rui". I was told that
owing to some techniealitn'4? of the law, I am not recog-
nized as a United States soldier! Biigadier Geneial Ward
administered the oath himself, and can it be true? After
sacrificing all—unci f wu& willing to sacuficcmyhfe foi my
country—am I to he ca^t oft* bv those in power? Now that
I am a cripple for life, all mv past earnings lost, I cannot
think my country capable of ouch base ingiatuude to one of
her uni'oitunate sons.
I was told tins months ago, but eaied but little about it
then, for I thought 1 had enough to educate me for some
othei calling in life, for my cuppled condition will not let
me follow my business, and support my aged father and
young M&ter. Cut owing to the su-peusion of all tiade
South, I lost all I had, beside* leaving me m debt. Is it
right? I< ujdit? How d;uk and gloomy ia my future. With
ampliations that will never bo le.ilized, my affections are the
same. Because I fell at the fii&t onset with the enemy,
am I to be cast off? Because I offued myself a s.icufjce
upon the altar of my ccmntiy, am T to ihag out a miserable
existence, astrangci alike to home and all its comforts?
Aie these kind, humane fiiends to go umewaidedtortheir
more than human kindness to a peit'ect stianger ? Ccitainly
my own heretofoie liberal Government will not be so un-
just. i am without my commission unable to pay for what
they have done for me. Jt cannot be too much for me to
ask, what can compensate for the unrestrained use of my-
self. It is tiuc, I am conscious of having done my duty.
Some may say that should be enough. If my counuy was
unable, if she \va-> averse to caimg for her uniortunate son-,
I would not ask it. All I ask is the piotection and assist-
ance usually given. Can T not get it?
The Government has never given me any assistance. The
last money I have ppent for medicine. I need immediate
help. If I could diawup to the last pay day it would satisfy
pioscnt need. How changed I am to what I was when I
was talking to you m refeience to aini-slbr my home guard
company. Then my step was elastic ; now it takes three
persons to help me into this chair. 1 believe you can and
will do something for ine. The justice of my claim J am in
hopes Seeietary Stanfon will acknowledge, and foi ward
my commission and an ordei for my pay. 1 wrote to Gen-
eral Waid on the subject, but he is silent oi has failed to
get mine.
Hopmg that j on will exeit your influence m my behalf,
I icmain jouis, L. P. N. LANDIltLM.
Hon. Aaron Harding, Washington City, D. C.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill provides a pension
of ei ht dollars per month. The case is quite a
meritorious one; and I trust my friend from .New
York will withdraw his motion to refer the bill to
a Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. HARDING. I have here a letter from
General Watd, which I will have read, if gentle-
men desire it.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not think any further
information is needed in reference to this bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will withdraw the
motion to commit.
Mr. HARDING. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and beins; engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING moved io reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
1 olled Bills, leported that the committee had ex-
amined and found trnly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; to which the Speaker thereupon
affixed his signature:
An act (H. R. No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley
for his claim and improvements taken from him
by the Omaha reservation, in the Territory of Ne-
braska;
An act (H. R. No. 507) to change the poit of
entry for the district of Brunswick, Geoigia; and
An act (H. R. No. 432) for the relief of Com-
modore Hiram Paulding.
MESSAGE FROM THE PKESIDKNT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap~
piovedand signed bills and ajomtresolution ofthe
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 47-1) to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue American registers to cer-
tain vessels; . .
An act (H. R.No. 499) making appropriations
for postal service on post routes established the
present session of Congress;
An act (H. R. No. 495) providing that the offi-
cers of volunteers shall be paid on the pay rolls
of the regiments or companies to which they be-
long;
A%r act (H. R. No, 374) to secure freedom to
all persons within the Territories of the United
States;
An act (H. R. No. 449) for the relief of the suf-
ferers by the burning of the Washington Infirm-
ary on the night of November 3, 1861; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 72) transferring
the supervision of the Potomac water works to the
Department of the Interior.
TAUIF3P BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
potted from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill increasing temporarily the duties on imports,
and for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the
special order for Wednesday next.
ZEPIIANIAII KNAPP.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting an invalid pension
to Zephaniah Knapp; which was read a first and
second time,referred toaCommitteeof the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to be
printed.
ETIENNE BERNOT.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, reported back House bill
(No. 503) to confirm and establish a patent here-
tofore granted to Etionne Betnot, dated July 24,
1860, and to secure to George Somerville Norns,
the assignee of said patent, the benefit of the full
term for which said patent was granted.
The bill was read. It directs that the patent
granted to Etienne Bernot on the 24th of July,
1860, for44 an improved machine for cutting files,"
and which patent, on the face thereof, was granted
foi fourteen years from the date of the patent,
shall be made a valid grant for fourteen years
from the date of the parent, notwithstanding the
fact that a patent had been previously granted in
France for the same invention, and notwithstand-
ing that the patent, when issued, ought to have
been granted only fourteen years, to be computed
from the date of the patent previously issued in
France.
The bill further diiects that the title of George
Somerville Norris,as assignee of the patent, shall
be good and valid to vest in the assignee, his exec-
utors, administrators, and assigns, the executive
right, under the patent, for the full peiiod of four-
teen yeais from the date of the patent, in like
manner and to the same extent as if the patent,
when originally issued, had been validly granted
for fourteen years from the date thereof.
Mr. DCJNN. I ask that the following letter
from the Commissioner of Patents may be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Unitfd Statls P \tent Omen, May 21, 1862.
Sir. The memorial of G S. Noim, uddia^scd to Con-
gress, praying for the confirmation of the validity of a patent
granted to Etienne Bernot, on the 2-Hli of July, i860, sup-
posed to he invalid lor the reason that the patent was not
limited toiouitoun veai^from the date of a Pieui'h patent
tor the same invention, having been submitted to me for my
opinion a^ to the piopucty ol mauling the piaver ol the
memorialist, I have the honot tomato that it appeal s from
an examination of the files and reeoids in the application
ot'Etienne Bcmot, that there was no information in the
possesion of the offiee that a patent had been guuited to
tho i«iid Bcmot in Fiance tor the samo invention The
aotion ot the office in grantiti? a patent for fourteen years
\va=< therefore perfectly propei. A^ doubts have ans-en as
to the validity ot the patent, in view of the sixth Miction ot
the act oi Ma'ich 3, l&W, and as nnpoitant negotiations have
been made upon the faith ol the validity of tiie patent, no
objection occurs to me to such legislation as will fully con-
nun The rights under the patent inferred to.
I have the honor to bo, >tr, respectfully your obedient
servant, D. P. IIOLLOWAY, Commissioner.
Hon. XV. McKee Dunn*. Chuirmanof Committee on Pat-
ents, Home oj Rcprcientatiics.
Mr. DUNN. 1 hold in my hand the patent
s;ranted to Mr. Beniot, the date of winch is as
stated in the bill befote the House; and also the
assignment to Mr. Nonis, of Baltimore. Ihis
assignment was made at Paris, Fiance, for the
consideration of30,000f. , and conveys to Mr. IN 01 ~
ris all the rights of the inventor to his invention
in the Untied States. It does not appear that any
fraud was practiced in the PatentOtfiee on procut-
ing the patent in this country, as the papers which
I hold in my hand, and which bear evidence of
having been on file in the Patent Office_, show-
that this invention had been patented in France.
The patent is foran improved machine for cutting
files. The machinery is expensive, and the in-
vestment would notprobably be remunerative for
the unexpired term of fourteen years from the date
of the French patent. It appears a company was
organized to engage in the manufacture of the
above machinery before it was discovered that the
patent bore an erroneous date.
The object of this bill is to correct an error at
the Patent Office, which has led some of our citi-
zens into an investment which would not have
been made but for that mistake. It is to confirm
the patent as issued and the assignment as made.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. For what time will
this bill extend the patent?
Mr. DUNN, it is not, properly speaking, an
extension at all. The patent was dated at the
time of its issue. It should have been dated at the
time of the issue of the original patent in France.
This bill confirms the patent to run fourteen years
from its date.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Bernot has the
original patent granted in France ?
Mr. DUNN. Ho has.
Mr. DAWES. I did not understand the gen-
tleman to state the time this would allow the patent
to run.
Mr. DUNN. I have before me the official
statement; but I do not at this moment sec the
date of the original French patent. I think, how-
ever, it would extend the time some six years be-
yond the time itwould have expired, if the patent
had been dated at the time the original patent was
issued in France. I now demand the previous
question upon the engrossment and third reading
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and road
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. DUNN. I will say that I have now be-
fore me the date of the original patent issued in
France. It is in 1854; but it has never been in-
troduced into this country until this time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The difference then
is some eight years. '
Mr. DUNN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded tellers on
the passage ofthe bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dunn and
Lovejoi were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 45.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENT OP DANIEL WOODBURY.
Mr. NOBLE, from the Committee on Patents,
reported back House bill No. 486, to authorize a
rehearing of the application of D.miel Woodbury
before the Commissionerof Patents for the exten-
sion of his letters patent for an improvement in
horse power, dated August 26, 1856.
The bill was read. Itauthoiizes the Commis-
sioner of Patents to rehear and determine the ap-
plication of Daniel Woodbury for the extension
of his letters patent for a certain invention known
as an improvement in horse power, the right to
which was heretofore secured to him by letteis_
patent, dated August 2G, 1846, the hearing to be
conducted accoidmg to the provisions and forms
of law in force governing like cases in all respects;
and directs that whatever shall he lequired by
justice in reference to such application shall be de-
cided and determined by the Commissioner in the
same manner as he would be required to do on an
original hearing; provided all vested rights in the
use and manufacture ofthe improvement,acquired
since the expiiation of the original letters patent,
