1802.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.863
disqualification is rather of farm than of substance.
Bat ivhero the disqualification is founded on dis-
loyalty, it is obvious that the public interests
might bo seriously compromised if the claimant
wero allowed any such privilege, for the disqual-
ification is o (substance and not of form. Disloy-
alty must not find a seat in the Senate, even for
a day, nor can any claimant, charged with dis-
loyalty, complain that the Senate has refused to
welcome him to its trusts.
The oath required to support the Constitution
is on its face an oath of loyally, and nothing else.
The claimant may declare his willingness to take
it; but such a declaration is not an answer to evi-
dence showing disloyalty, unless you are ready
to admit that present professions may be a suffi-
cient cloak for the disloyalty, or, it may be, the
treason of the past. On a question of such im-
poitdRce; with positive evidence against his dis-
loyalty, the claimant cannot expect to be allowed
to purge himself on his oath. The issue is dis-
tinctly presented, if he lias not already committed
himself, so that his oath to support the Constitu-
tion is entitled to no consideration. Sir Edward
Coke pronounces generally that an " infidel can-
not be sworn," a doctrine which has been sincc
mitigated in our courts. But whatever maybe the
rule on this subject in our courts, it is reasonable
that an infidel to our Government, an infidel to our
Constitution, should not be permitted by the Sen-
ate to go through the mockery of swearing to sup-
port the Constituti on; nor should a person charged
with such infidelity be permitted to take the oath
unless he has been able to remove the grounds of
the charge. The oath is administered by the Pres-
ident of the Senate at your desk, sir, in the pres-
ence of the Senators; and the solemnity of the
occasion is an additional argument against admin-
istering it to any person whose loyalty is not above
suspicion. There is a German treatise entitled,
" On the Lubricity and Slippery Uncertainty of the
Suppletory Oath"—beingtheoathofalitigantparty
in his own ease; but an oath to support the Con-
stitution by a claimant charged with disloyalty
would be open to a suspicion, at least of lubricity
and slippery uncertainty, which would not be cred-
itable to the Senate.
We are told by St. Paul that an oath is (i the
end of the whole dispute;" (Hebrews, vi, 1G;)
but this, of course, assumes that the oath is above
question. If it is not above question, it is wrong
to allow the oath to be taken—at least in the Senate
of the United-States, which is the exclusive judge
of its own proceedings.
I say nothing of the facts in the present case;
nor do I ventuie to suggest any judgment with
regard to the final weight to which they shall be
entitled. I have confined myself to the simple
question as to the duty of inquiry by the Senate
at the present stage of proceedings.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it was with
very great regret that I felt myself compelled to
differ with the committee in reference to this case.
I would not have done so upon an ordinary occa-
sion; nor would I have done so in this case, if it
did not seem to me that there was a principle of
too much importance to be settled by the report
of the committee, with which I could not agree,
to allow it to pass without having the considera-
tion of the Senate upon it.
It is insisted that any person who appears at
the bar of the Senate with credentials in proper
form, and of the requisite age required by^the
Constitution of the United States, being a citizen
of the United States for the time required, and an
inhabitant of the State whence he comes, is enti- [
tied to be sworn as a member of this body, as a j
matter of right. .No matter how infamous his \
character, though he be a convicted felon, a con- j
victed traitor, or a person ever so infamous, it is >
insisted, as a matter of t ight, that the person pos-
sessing these constitutional qualifications, and j
duly appointed, is entitled to a seat here. Itseems, j
upon the face of it, very absurd to admit a per- |
son as a member of the body with the facts before j
you showing that lie ought not to be a member, j
and the next moment turn him out by expelling ;
him, which all admit may be done^ Still, if this :
is a constitutional right, and if this body is in ■
that position thai it cannot protect itself from the
admission to a seat here of any poison, the most
infamous that can bo conceived, who is appointed
and comes with proper qualifications, we must
submit to it; and if—as I said when this cast- was t
first before the Senate—the Governor of Missis-
sippi should think proper, from any consideration
whatever, to appoint.Tefferson Davis a member of
the Senate from the State of Mississippi, we are
bound, according to this doctrine, to receive him,
and he is to be sworn in as a member. If Magof-
fin, of Kentucky, before my friend [Mr. Davis]
camehere,andafter the expulsion of Breckinridge,
were to send here Buckner, who has just been cap-
tured in arms against the Government, he would
be entitled to a seat.
Is it true that such is the meaning of'thc Con-
stitution, and that we have no right to make any
inquiry in regard to the loyalty (for that is the
question here) of the person presenting himself at
your desk, sir? I insist that we have that right,
and that it is our duty to do so. Prom the lan-
guage of the Constitution I thought that was so,
and on looking into the lawbooks I find it is estab-
lished as settled law that it is so; not on this pre-
cise case, but on a case which is analogous to it.
Congress has legislated upon the idea that it is
competent to disqualify persons from being mem-
bers of the Senate, or holding any office of trust
or profit under this Government. As is stated in
the minority report, one of the very first Con-
gresses which met passed an act declaring, that if
a judge of any court of the United States should
receive a bribe in order to influence his judgment
upon any case before him, such judge, on con-
viction, should be punished by imprisonment,
and, as a part of the punishment for his crime, he
should he forever disqualified from holding any
office of any trust or profit under the United
States. That is an act of Congress to-day. An-
other act, passed but a few years ago, declares
that if any member of Congress shall receive a
bribe from any person in order to'influence his
vote, he shall be disqualified from holding any
office under the Government; and not only the
patty receiving the bribe, but the pers&n who
tenders the bribe to a judge of a court, is also
forever disqualified.
Now, are all these laws unconstitutional? Sup-
pose a judge of a court, that had been convicted
of receiving a bribe to influence his judgment,
were appointed a Senator, and came here and
asked to take his seat. Here is the law of Con-
gress, and here is the judgment of the court de-
claring that he shall hold no office under the Gov-
ernment of the United States; but the Senator
from New York tells you the Constitution says
that any person may be a Senator who is thirty
years of age, has been nine years a citizen of the
United States, and'is an inhabitant of the State
from which he is appointed, and we have no right
to inquire whether lie has been bribed to give a
judgment ornot—the act ofCongress is unconsti-
tutional. Now, sir, I do not think so. I think it
is competent for Congress to prescribe a punish-
ment for this crime, and it may make it part of
the punishment that the person convicted shall
not hold any office under the Government. That
is not adding to the qualifications required by the
Constitution for office, but it is a punishment for
the crime which the man has committed.
In the State of New York they had a law to
suppress dueling, passed in 1S16, which declared
that any persoif convicted of challenging another
to fight a duel, &c., should be incapable of hold-
ing or being elected to any post of profit, trust, or
emolument, civil or military, under the State. A
party was convicted under that law, and a part of
the judgment of the court was the pronouncing
of this disqualification. The case was taken to
the supreme court of the State of New York, and
decided (in 20 Johnson) by Spencer, chief justice,
in which he held that thisiaw was constitutional.
The case was subsequently taken to the court of
errors, and is reported in 3 Cowen; and the court
of errors decided again that the law was constitu- ,
tional. The same point was made there which
the Senator from New York has made, and was ,
disposed of very much as I have endeavored to
dispose of this case in the minority report. Per-
haps, as a part of my argument, and as stating jj
the case clearly, and as applicable to this case, I '!
may be permitted to read from the opinion ofthe
chancellor in that case. He says:
£: Eligibility to public trusts i-claimed as a constitutional
i itflit, which cannot be abridged or unpaiiod. The consti- | j
tntioa establishes and defines the ii$ht of suffrage, and gives i
to the electors-, and to vanous- authorities, the power to ■
comet public trusts. Tt declaies that ministers of ichgion
shall bu ineligible to any office: it prescribe*, in respect to ■
certain offices, particular circumstances, without which" a
person is"not eligible to those stations; and it provides that
persons holding certain offices shall hold no,other public
trust. Excepting particular exclusions thus established, the
electors and the appointing authorities are, by the consti-
tution, wholly free to confer public stations upon any 'per-
son, according to their pleasure. The constitution giving
the right of election, and the right of appointment, thefee
lights consisting essentially in tlie freedom of choice; and
the constitution also declaring that certain persons are'not
eligible to office, it follows from these powers and provis-
ions that all other persons are eligible." ♦ •
Could the Senator from New York state his c&se
more plainly than the chancellor does it here ?
" Eligibility to office is not declared as a right or princi-
ple by any expiess terms of the constitution, but It results,
a^a just deduction, from the express power and provisions
of the system. The ba-is of the principle is the absolute
liberty of the electors and the appointing authorities to
choose and to appoint any person who is not made ineli-
gible by the constitution. Eligibility to office, therefore, be-
longs not exclusively or specially to electors enjoying the
right of suffi age: it belongs equally to all persons whomso-
ever not excluded by the constitution. I therefore con-
ceive it to be entirely clear thai the Legislature cannot
establish arbitrary exclusions from office or any general
regulation lequiring qualifications which the constitution
has not required, if, for example, it should be enacted by
law that all physicians, or .ill persons of a particular reli-
gious sect, should be ineligible to public trusts; or that all
persons not possessing a certain amount of property should
be excluded; or that a member of tile Assembly must be a
freeholder; any such legulatiou would bo an infringement
of the constitution; and it would be so because, should it
prevail, it would be in effect an alteration of the constitu-
tion itself. But the question before us is not at all of this
ehajacter. The Legislature have made no such general
regulation. They have prescribed that incapacity to hold
public tiusts shall be the punishment of a paiticular crime,
and the question heie is whether they have power to pre-
sciibe such an incapacity as a punishment or not."
The court then go on to decide that they have
that power, in commenting upon the clause in
the constitution of New York in reference to the
qualifications of members of the Legislature, anal-
ogous to the similar clause which is quoted here in
the Constitution of the United States, the court
say:
<k Each House of the Legislature is the judge of the quali-
fications of its own members; and it is said that this pro-
vision of the constitution is infringed by the disqualifica-
tion m question. The sense of this provision is, that each
Hou^e shall decide upon the qualification of its own mem-
bers, without interference or control from any other author-
ity; but this part of the constitution does not define any
qualification which shall be allowed or required by either
Hou-c. The only qualification made requisite by the con-
stitution for a Senatoi is, that he shall be a freeholder; and
in lespect to members of the Assembly, no qualification
whatever is required by the constitution. Whether the
Legislature can exclude from public trusts any person not
excluded by the express rules of the constitution, is the
question which 1 have already examined; and, according
to mv views of that question, there may be an exclusion by
law,in puiusfomentfor crimes; but in no other manner, and
foi no other cause. If, then, a disqualification for crime is
constitutional, each IIousc ol the Legislature, bound to sup-
port the constitution, would give effect to the disqualifica-
tion. But as the authority of each House is exclusive and
supreme in all questions concerning the qualifications of its
own members, if either House should consider such a dis-
qualification unconstitutional, or lor any reason whatever
should disrcgaid it, the opinion of the House would pievail
in inspect to the scat and rights of any member declared
ineligible by the roum. The disqualification pionounced
by the courts would then fail to pioduce an exclusion from
the Legislature; hut it would,nevertheless,be effectual to
cxeludc from all public station--. Its effect in respect to all
other public employments must be decidcd by the tribunals
of justice. Thus the same question must, for different
objects, leeeivc decisions liom different jurisdictions ; and,
undei one constitution and one svstem of laws, the s-ame
decision may be expected from all the public authomies.
But if the Senate or the Assembly on the one side, and the
couits of justice on the other, should make opposite do-
cimoiis inspecting such a disqualification, both decisions
would prevail in difi'eient lcspects. The powci ot each
House of the Legislating to judge of the qualifications of lt«
own members, does not deteimine or illustrate what or
is not a qualification. The statute to suppress dueling does
nor propose to dcprive,noi can any law depuve, the seveial
Ilou&es of the Legislature of their exclusive jun^di'-tion;
and this pait ofthe constitution is, therefore, not infringed
by the judgment of disqualification now in question."
I have read that somewhat at length; longer than
I should have done but for the fact that I find my-
self disagreeing with the members of the commit-
tee upon what is regarded as a constitutional and
legal question, and I thought it neccssary to for-
tify the views which I entertain by the decision of
a court.
The ease before us, I know, is not one of a
conviction; it is not one where Congress has pre-
scribed as a disqualification the conviction of a par-
ticular offense; but by the Constitution, if Con-
gress had so provided, we should not be bound
by the decision of the court in that case, inat
would not be obligatory upon us. But is thc c a
Senator that would allow a person to take a seat
in this body who had been convicted as a jiulg" ot
