2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
are to be saved to all such parties, their heirs, ex-
ecutors,1 administrators, and assigns, the same as
if this act had not been passed.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 would like to know the object
of this bill, and why any such legislation as is
proposed is necessary.
Mr. NOBLE. Under the old law every man
had the right to an extension of his patent, as a
matter of course, whenever he did not obtain a
sufficient remuneration in the first instance under
the original letters. This was one of those cases.
The patentee made his application prior to the ex-
piration of his patent. It was decided, however,
by the Commissioner, that ins showing was not
sufficiently in detail; m other words, that he had
not stated sufficiently in detail the account of his
receipts and expenditures. The consequence was
that the case was decided against him on that
ground and on that alone. Since that decision he
has made a full and detailed statement, item by
item, ofall his receipts and expenditures, showing
the amount he received for his patent to be less
than two thousand dollars. He also submits
abundance of evidence to show that there was no
sufficient remuneration even for the time spent by
him in carrying forward and perfecting this im-
provement. He shows clearly, to the satisfaction
of the committee, that the improvement was a val-
uable one, that he was the onginal inventor, and
that the machine is still a valuable one. There
is no law by which he could obtain a rehearing
before the Commissioner of Patents, and hence
the necessity for this special legislation. The bill
provides that the Commissioner, if, after a full
examination of the case he shall be of the opinion
that there should be a rehearing, may grant that
rehearing, saving, however, all the rights which
may have aecrucd to others in the mean time. It
is a just bill, and I hope that it will be passed.
Mr. DUNN demanded the previous question
on the third reading and engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
On a division, there were—ayes thirty-nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noble and
Washburne were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 67, noes 34.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NOBLE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
IIENRY SMALLEY.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Henry Smalley;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pu-
vate Calendar, and, with the accompanying re-
poit, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
Mr. FENTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to reportaconcurrence with the
Court of Claims in sundry adverse reports.
The SPEAKER. The usual mode is to report
a joint resolution to affirm the decision of the
Court of Claims in those cases, to be acted on by
both Houses.
Mr. FENTON. I will hereafter prepare such
a joint resolution.
WILLIAM SAWYER.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of William Sawyer, of
the State of Ohio; which was read a lirstand sec-
ond (ime, and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
R. L. D. CLARK.
Mr. HUTCIIINS, ft om the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of R. L. B. Clark;
which was icud a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of tbn Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
CHARLES L. NELSON.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am directed by
the Committee of Claims to report back Senate
bill No. 341, for the relief of Charles L. Nelson,
with the recommendation that it do pass; and I
ask that it be now put on its passage.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. This is an old claim,
and I make the point of order that, as it mak£S an
appropriation, it must have its first consideration
in a Committee of the Whole House.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar; and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HANNIBAL GRAHAM.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Han-
nibal Graham; which was read a first and second
time, referred toaCommittce of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar,and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN CAMPBELL AND JOHN FERGUSON.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
John Campbell and John Ferguson; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The bill provides that
$342 75 shall be paid to these parties. They have
already received $2,000, which is at the late of
§125 a head for sixteen horses. I object to the
consideration of the bill at this time. As it makes
an appropriation, it must, under the rules, have
its first consideration in a Committee of the Whole
House.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was leceived from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Clerk, notifying the House that
that body had passed the following order:
Ordered^ That the Secretary wait upon the Piesident of
the United States and intonn him that, tn the abscnce of
the Vice President, the Senate has chosen Hon. Solomon
Foot President of the Senate pro tempore; and that he make
a similar communication to the House of Representatives.
And also that it had passed House bill No.
425, to incorporate the Guard ian Society to Reform
Juvenile Offenders in tho District of Columbia,
with amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
RUFUS L. HARVEY.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I call up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which House bill No. 245, granting
a pension to Rufus L. Harvey, was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Piivate
Calendar. The bill does not make an appropria-
tion; and I desire that it may be now put on its
passage. If the House will hear me a moment, I
will make an explanation. At the first session
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress the bill was report-
ed unanimously by the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and unanimously passed by the House;
but it failed in the Senate for want of time. The
petition and papers were again presented to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and some time
since it was reported from that committee by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ely,] with the
tecommendation that it do pass. No written report
was filed; but I hold in my hand the report of the
committee in tho Thirty-Sixth Congress; the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Fexton] being the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
now, as he was then. I call for the reading of that
report.
The report was rend.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the vote was reconsidered by which the
biii was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. HARRISON. In the early part of the pres-
ent session I made an adverse report in the case
of Rufus L. Harvey. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was not present at the
time that application was considered and when I
was instructed to repoiton itadveisely. It seems
that at some meeting when I was not present, the
committee reversed its action, and charged the
chairman to report a bill. At any iate it seems
;i that a bill has been reported, founded upon the
argument which has been read. I should like to
have the adverse report read to the House.
Mr, VALLANDIGHAM. Was any adverse
report ever filed ?
Mr. HARRISON. I made an adverse report
on the case during the present session.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think that the
gentleman is mistaken about the case.
Mr. HARRISON. No, sir; I am not mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest that, by unan-
imous consent, the consideration of the bill be
postponed until next Friday.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have no objection
to that, provided it be after the morning hour.
Mr. HARRISON. I recollect very distinctly
the report made in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, and
I came to a very different conclusion from the one
contained in thai report.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to say this
to the gentleman from Ohio: there is no adverse
report. Certainly he must be mistaken about
having made a report, though he may have made
up his mind upon the subject. I trust he will not
offer any opposition to the bill under the circum-
stances. The committee made a report in its favor
last Congress, and the House passed a bill for the
relief of the petitioner, it is as meritorious a case
as was ever presented. If a man can get his case
through the Pension Office, there is no occasion
for him to come here at all;, and it is for the rea-
son that there is some want of technicality in the
matter that the applicant comes here for relief. I
know the gentleman well. He is a clergyman,
of great age and respectability; and although that
alone would not, of course, entitle him to a pen-
sion, yet the facts set forth by the committee in
the last Congress are such as clearly entitle him
to the favorable consideration of this House. It
is a very small matter, and the old man has but
a few days to live.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the chief grounds upon
which I reported adversely to the application of
Harvey were such as go to tho substance of his
claim. They were not mere technical objections
to his application, but such as a majority of the
committee thought should induce them to report
adversely to it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Commissioner
of Pensions has sent m a communication to this
House, which is among the papers m the case, rec-
ommending that this bill should be passed, and he
simply refused to pass upon the case for the want
of technical pioof. I insist that the gentleman is
mistaken about having made an adverse report.
He still speaks ofthat as a thing which was done.
He may have been authorized to make such are-
port, but the record does not show, as I under-
stand, that any such report was made. I ask the
Speaker to inquire of the Clerk whether there was
any such report made.
The SPEAKER. An adverse report may have
been made, and yet it might not be among the
papers on file.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Without the permission
of the House an adverse report could not be made.
It cannot be made as a matter of couise.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There could not be
two leports from the same committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Journal will show
whether or not such permission was granted. I
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until Friday next.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Upon that I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I desire to bring up at this time, unless it is incon-
venient to the House, the case of Charles Henry
Foster,elaiminga seatas Representative from the
second congressional district of North Carolina.
He is very anxious to have his case disposed of,
and 1 think it will take but a shoi t time. The re-
! port is very brief. I will consult the wishes of
the House m reference to the matter. I desire
myself to have the case off my hands.
I saw Mr. Foster here a few minutes since; but
on looking around I do not now see him, and
therefore will not insist upon bringing up the case
now.
