1862.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
Laws of the United States.
3'7th Cons. ... 2t> Sess.
be adjourned by said officer for a period not ex-
ceeding five days, if he shall think it advisable so
to do. If the amount bid shall not be then and
there paid, the officer shall forthwith proceed to
again sell said estate in the same manner. If the
amount-bid shall be then and there paid, the offi-
cer shall give his receipt therefor, if requested, and
within five days thereafter he shall make out a
deed of the estate so sold to the purchaser thereof,
and executc the same in his official capacity, in
the manner prescribed by the laws of theStatein
which said estate may [be] situated,in which said
deed shall be recited the fact of said seizure and
sale, with the cause thereof, the amount of duty
for winch said sale was made, and of all charges
and fees, and the amount paid by the purchaser,
and all his acts and doings in relation to said seiz-
ure and sale, and shall have the same ready for
delivery to said purchaser, and shall deliver the
same accordingly, upon request therefor. And
said deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth
of the facts stated therein; and if the proceedings
of the officer, as set forth, have been substantially
in pursuance of the provisions of this act, shall
be considered and operate as a conveyance to the
purchaser of the title to said estate, but shall not
affect the rights of third persons acquired pre-
viously to the claim of the United States under
this act. The surplus, if any, arising from such
sale shall be disposed of as provided in this act
for like cases arising upon sales of personal prop-
erty. And any person whose estate may be seized
for duties, as aforesaid, shall have the same right
to pay or tender the amount due, with all proper
charges thereon, prior to the sale thereof, and
thereupon to relieve his said estate from sale, as
aforesaid, as is provided in this act for personal
property similarly situated. And any collector
or deputy collector may, for the collection of du-
ties imposed upon any person by this act, and
committed to htm for collection, seize and sell the
lands of such person situated in any other collec-
• tion district within the State in which said officer
resides; and his proceedings in relation thereto
shall have the same effect as if the same were had
in his proper collection district; and the owners,
their heirs, executors, or administrators, or any
person having an interest therein, or any person
on their behalf, shall have liberty to redeem the
land sold as aforesaid within one year from and
after recording the said deed, upon payment to the
purchaser, or in case he cannot be found in the
county where the lands are situate, to the collect-
or for the use of the purchaser, his heirs, or as-
signs, of the amount'paid by the purchaser, with
interest on the same at the rate of twenty per cent-
um perannum. And it shall be the duty of every
collector to keep a record of all sales of land mado
in his collection district, whether by himself or
his deputies, in which shall be set forth the tax
for which any such sale was made, the dates of
seizure and sale, the name of the party assessed,
and all proceedings in making said sale, the
amountof fees and expenses, the name of the pur-
chaser, and the date of the deed; which record
shall be"certified by the officer making the sale.
And it shall be the duty of any deputy making
sale, as aforesaid, to return a statement of all his
proceedings to the collector, and to certify the rec-
ord thereof. And in case of the death or removal
of the collector, or the expiration of his term of
office from any other cause, said record shall he
deposited in the office of the clerk of the District
Court of the United States for the district within
which the said collector resided; and a copy of
every such record, certified by the collector, or by
the clerk, as the case may require, shall be evi-
dence, in any court, of the truth of the facts therei n
stated. And when any lands sold as aforesaid
shall be ledeemed as hereinbefore provided, the
collector or cleik, as the case may be, shall make
art entry of the fact upon the record aforesaid, and
the said entry shall be evidence of such redemp-
tion. And the claim of the Government to lands
1 sold under a"nd by virtue of the foiegoing provis-
ions shall be held to have accrued at the tiQie of
fhereof.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, Thai if any
collector shall find uponjiny hats of taxes relumed
to him for collection property lying within his
district which is charged with any specific or ad
tux or duty, but which is not owned,oc-
cupied, or superintended by some person known
to such collector to reside or to have some place
of business within the United States, such collector
shall forthwith take such property into his cus-
tody, and shall advertise the same, and the tax
charged upon the same, in some newspaper pub-
lished in his district, if any shall be published
therein, otherwise in some newspaper in an ad-
joining district, for the space of thirty days; and
if the taxes thereon, with all charges for adver-
tising, shall not be paid within said thirty days,
such collector shall proceed to sell the same, or
so much as is necessary, in the manner provided
for the sale of other goods distrained for the non-
payment of taxes, and out of the proceeds shall
satisfy all taxes charged upon such property, with
the costs of advertising and selling the same.
And like proceedings to those provided in the pre-
ceding section for the purchase and resale of prop-
erty which cannot be sold for the amount of duty
or tax due thereon shall be had with regard to
property sold under the provisions of this section.
And any surplus arising from any sale herein pro-
vided for shall be paid into the Treasury, for the
benefit of the owner of the property. And the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized m any
case where money shall be paid into the Treas-
ury for the benefit of any owner of property sold
as aforesaid, to repay the same, on proper proof
being furnished that the person applying therefor
is entitled to receive the same.
Sec. 23. And beit further enacted, Thatthe sev-
eral collectors shall, at the expiration of each and
every month, after they shall,respectively, com-
mence their collections, transmit to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue a statement of the col-
lections made by them, respectively, within the
month, and pay over monthly, or at such time or
times as may be required by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, the moneys by them respect-
ively collected within the said term, and at such
places as may be designated and required by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and each of
the said collectors shall complete the collection of
all sums annually assigned to him for collection,
as aforesaid, shall pay over the same into the
Treasury, and shall render his final account to
the Treasury Department as often as he may be
required, and within six months fiom and Sfter
the day when he shall have received the collec-
tion lists from the said assessors or assistant
assessors, as aforesaid. And the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to designate one or more
depositories in each State, for the deposit and
safe-keeping of the moneys collected by virtue of
this act; and the receipt of the proper officer of
such depository to a collector for the money de-
posited by him shall be a sufficient voucher for
such collector in the settlement of his accounts at
the Treasury Department; and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, prescribe such
regulations with reference to such deposits as he
may deem necessaiy.
Sec . 24. And be it further enacted, That each col-
lector shall be charged with the whole amount of
taxes by him receipted, whether contained in lists
delivered to him by the assessors, respectively,
or delivered or transmitted to him by assistant
assessois from time to time, or by other collectors;
and shall be credited with the amountof duties
or taxes contained in the lists transmitted in the
manner above provided to other collectors, and
by them receipted as aforesaid; and also for the
duties or taxes of such persons as may have ab-
sconded, or become insolvent, prior to the day
when the duty or tax ought, according to the pro-
visions of this act, to have been collected: Pro-
vided, That It shall be proved to the satisfaction
of the Fil St Comptroller of the Treasury that due
diligence was used by the collector, and that no
property was left from which the duty or tax
could have been recovered. And each collector
shall also be credited with the amount of all prop-
erty purchased by him for the use of the United
States, provided he shall faithfully.account for,
and pay over, the proceeds thereof upon a resale
of the same as lequiied by this act.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That if any
collector shall fail either to collect or to render his
account, or to pay over in the manner or within
the times hereinbefore provided, it shall be the
duty of the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
and he is hereby authorized and required, imme-
diately after such delinquency, to report the same
to the Solicitor of the Treasury, who shall issue
a warrant of distress against such delinquent col-
lector and his sureties, directed to the marshal of
the district, therein expressing the amount of the
taxes with which the said collector is chargeable,
and the sums, if any, which have been paid. And
the said marshal shall, himself,or by his deputy,
immediately proceed to levy and collect the sum
which may remain due, by distress and sale of the
goods and chattels, or any personal effects of the
delinquent collector, giving at least five days' no-
tice of the time and place of sale, in the manner
provided by law for advertising sales of personal
property on execution in the State wherein such
collector resides; and furthermore, if such goods,
chattels, and effects cannot be found sufficient to
satisfy the said warrant, the said marshal or his
deputy shall and may proceed to levy and collect
the sum which remains due, by distress and sale
of the goods and chattels, or any personal effects,
of the surety or sureties of the delinquent collect-
or, giving notice as hereinbefore provided. And
the bill of sale of the officer of any goods, chat-
tels, or other personal property, distrained mid
sold as aforesaid, shall be conclusive evidence of
title to the purchaser, and prima tacio evidence of
the right of the officer to make such sale, and of
the correctness of his proceedings in selling the
same. And for want of goods and chattels, or
other personal effects of such collector or his sure-
ties, sufficient to satisfy any warrant of distress,
issued pursuant to the preceding section of this
act, the lands and real estate of such collector and
his suieties, or so much thereof as maybe neces-
sary for satisfying the said warrant, after boirig
advertised for at least three weeks in notions than
three public places in the collection district, and
in one newspaper printed in the county or district,
if any theru be, prior to the proposed time of sale,
may and shall be sold at public auction by the
marshal or his deputy, who, upon such sale, shall,
as such marshal or deputy marshal, make and de-
liver to the purchaser of the premises so sold a
deed of conveyance thereof, to be executed and
acknowledged in the manner and form proscribed
by the laws of the State in which said lands are
situated, which said deed so made shall invest the
purchaser with all the title and interest of the de-
fendant or defendants named in said warrant ex-
isting at the time of seizure thereof. And all
moneys that may remain of the proceeds of such
sale after satisfying the said warrant of distress,_
and paying the reasonable costs and charges of
sale, shall be returned to the proprietor of the
lands or real estate sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That each
and every collector, or his deputy, who shall ex-
ercise or be guilty of any extortion or willful op-
pression, under color of this act, or shall know-
ingly demand other or greater sums than shall bo
authorized by this act, shall be liable to pay a sum
not exceeding double the amount of damages ac-
cruing to the party injured, to be recovered by
and for the use of the party injured, with costs
of suit, and shall be dismissed' from office, and
be disqualified from holding such office thereafter;
and each and every collector, or his deputies, shall
give receipts for all sums by them collected and
retained in pursuance of this act.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That a col-
lector or deputy collector, assessor or assistant
assessor, shall be authorized to enter, in the day
time, any brewery, distillery, manufuetoq', build-
ing, or place where any property, articles, or ob-
jects, subject to duty or taxation under the pro-
visions of this act, are made, produced, or kept,
within his district, so far as it may be necessa-
ry for the purpose of examining said property,
articles, or objects, or inspecting the accounts
required by this act from tune to time to be made.
And every owner of such breweiy, distty'iy,
manufactory, building, or place, or persons having
the agency or superintendence of the same, who
shall refuse to admit such officer, orto suffer him
to examine said property, arucies, or objects, or
to inspect said accounts, shall, lor every such
refusal, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred
dollars.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, i hat if any
