1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2847
Mr. FENTON. I rise for the purpose of call-
ing up the consideration of House bill No. 401,
which wos up for consideration yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURNE. J hope the gentleman
will not insist upon that now, but allow the com-
mittees to be called through.
Mr. FENTON. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
GEORGE CALVERT.
Mr. HALE, fiom the Committee of Claims,
reporlpd, with a locommenchuion that it do pass,
a bill for the relief of George Calvert.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasui y to pay to George Calvert, out of
any money in thoTieasury not otherwise appio-
priated, $500 in full for the loss of his ferry boat
on the Potomac wver, taken by order of Lieuten-
ant Hogs;, of the United States Army, on the 11th
day of September, 1861.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I rise to a point of
order, it is that as this bill makes an appropri-
ation, it must go to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER sustained the pomtof order,
and the bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I lise to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The repoit was read, as follows:
The committoo of oonlWence on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses to lull 11. 11 No. 413, making npptopii.i-
tions for the p.iym<'iit of thf bounty authorized by the c=ixtli
section of an act entitled " An act to authonze ihe employ-
ment of voluntoei- to aid in enforcing tlm law- and piotect-
iug public piopeity," appioced July 22, 1801 and for otliei
purpose*, having met, aitcr full and free conference icpoit
Ibat they are notable to agree upon the di-nirieriiiar vote? of
the two Houses. JOHN tfHKKMAN,
X). VVILMOT
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on the pcut of the Senate.
w E. B WASHBURNE,
JAMES K. MORRIS.
HORACE MAVXARD,
Managers on the p/tit oj the J/.jusp.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to say one word
in explanation of" this report. The Senate did not
agree to the report of I lie former committee of
confeienee upon this bill for the reason that that
committee had altered the text of the bill in the
first section thereof, and this further committee
was appointed. Tins committee also have been
unable to agree, because there is 110 way in which
they can agree m order to make a satisfactory
law without altering the text of the bill, and by
altering the text of the bill we should violate a
■well-known pailuimento 1 y rule. The difficulty
occurred in the first section, which provided that
the bounty should no first to the mother, and sec-
ond to the' father. The Second Auditor, after this
bill passed both Houses, informed Congress that
there were some fourteen thousand applications
made by the fathers, and if the bill were to become
a law this entire number of applications would
have to be made over again. When the matter
came to be consideied by the committee of confer-
ence they agreed that the change ought to be made
by putting " father" before " mother." ®As that
would be a change of the text, and as the Senate
had refused to agree to such a report, this com-
mittee agreed to disagree, and ask that the report
be laid upon the table; and further, in order to
cure the whole difficulty, that we would introduce
a new bill covering all the provisions agreed to
by the committee of confeienee, but leaving outa
portion of the second section, which is very neat ly
the same as the nineteenth section ot a bill which
has passed the House, and which is now pend-
ing 111 the Senate.
I therefore, in accordance with my instructions,
move to lay the teport upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. WASHBURNE. I now ask consent to
have the bill to which I leferred, and which con-
tains the provisions I have stated, read
Mr. ITiCKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that k committee of conference cannot repoi t
an original bill
Mr. WASHBURNE. That I understand, as
a matter of course. I did not suppose tnat the com-
mittee of conference could 1 eport a bill as a mattei
of right. But I stated that we proposed to do this
for the purpose of getting rid oi the difficulty. I
therefore ask unanimous conscnt to report the
bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his objection, and allow the bill to be
reported and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr, HICKMAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE thereupon reported a bill
making appropriations for the payment of the
bounty authorized by the sixth section of an act
entitled " An act to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property," approved July 22,1861,
and for othei purposes; which was read a firstand
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask unanimous consent
to ofier a bill upon the same subject, that it may
go to the same committee, for the icason that I
think there may be some defects in the other bill.
No objection being made, the bill was intro-
duced, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
REBELLION LOSSES.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the House now
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
401) relating to claims for the loss and destruction
of properly belonging to loyal citizens, ami dam-
ages thereto, by the. troops of the United States
dunng the present rebellion.
Mr. OL1N. I hope we shall not do that.
Mr. LOVE JOY. 1 move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik is upon the door.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is not my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from New Yoik is upon the floor. The Chair
would say to the gentleman from New York that,
that bill was not. made a special older for to-day,
and therefore he cannot call it up.
Mr. FENTON. At the suggestion of several
gentlemen around me, 1 will withdraw my motion,
and aslc that the House will consent to make this
bill the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. NOELL. 1 understand that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means desires to
dispose of the tax bill to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York, that until the com-
mittees have been called for business of a private
character, he does not see how the gentleman can
leach the bill to-day.
Mr. FENTON. Is it in order to make it the
special oidei for to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole 011 the Private Calendar,
but before that motion is put, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that to-day shall be
consideied objection day.
Mr. ALDR1CI-I. I object to that. We have,
had objection days enough.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I insiston my motion.
Mr. FENTON. Theieis no use of going into
a Conimtlteeof the Wliole House unless it is made
objection day. I submit to the gentleman from
Illinois whether it is not better to call the com-
mittees for leports of private business?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Very well; I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of commit-
tees for reports of pnvate bjsiness.
THOMAS AXD GEORGE YOUNG.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back bill of the House No.
290, for the relief of Thomas Young and George
Youn"-, owners of the schooner Elizabeth Mary.
Mr" WASHBURNE. J ask that the bill be
nut upon its p-jssage, and I hope that no gentle-
man Will raise the point of order because it makes
an appropriation of jj400.
The bill was lead. It diiects that there be paid
to Thomas Young and George Young, owners of
the schooner Elizabeth. Mary, of Prince Edward's
Island, the sum of $400, the amount of a fine im-
posed by the New York custom-house for a tech-
nical infraction of the revenue laws of the United
States by the said schooner.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The claim is merely,
as the bill states, for the repayment of a fine of
$400 for a technical infraction of the revenue laws.
There was a long correspondence between the
British minister and the State Department upon
the subject. The late Secretary of State addressed
a communication to the House asking that this
bill might be passed. The present Secretary of
State has addressed a similar communication to
the House. I think the bill ought to pass; but I
feel 110 particular interest in it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES N. MCFLLER.
Mr. LEARY, from the Committee on .Com-
merce, reported back bill of the House No. 510,
for the relief of James N. Muller, supervising in-
spector of steamboats for the third supervising
district.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of
James N. Miillcr for services rendered as super-
vising inspector of steamboats for the third super-
vising district,and to allow him the compensation
provided by law, for the period commencing the
Gtii day of August, 1861, and ending the 2d day
of December, 1861.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Maryland what is the necessity for
passing this bill. Cannot this man get his com-
pensation under the existing provisions of law ?
Mr. LEARY. 1 ask the permission of the
House to have a report, made by Mr. Whittle-
sey, tln> First Comptroller of the Treasury, read
at the Clerk's desk. It will give the House an
understanding of all the facts upon which this bill
is based.
The report was read.
Mr. LEARY. It will be seen from the report
of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, and the
facts therein stated, that Mr. Muller was appointed
on the 1st of June, 1861; that his nomination was
not acted upon by the Senate of the United States
until the 6th day of August, the last day of the
extra session, and that lie was then rejected by the
Senate. Subsequently he was reappointed by the
President,and was sworn into office on the 2d day
of December following. He claims now for ser-
vices rendered during that inteival. The claim
which he makes is erroneous. He claims, accord-
ing to the statement of Mr. Whittlesey, compen-
sation fiom the 1st of June. He is only entitled
to it, in fact, from the day of his rejection by the
Senate up to the 2d of December, the day upon
which he was subsequently sworn into office. The
Comptrollerstates that he rendered important and
very efficient services. He was engaged as a mem-
ber of the steamboat inspecting board, and was in
constantcommunication and correspondence with
the Navy Depaitment and the Treasury Depart-
ment,rendering services notonly to the steamboat
inspecting boaid, but also to the Light-House
Board, and he was engaged most efficiently and
industnously in the city of Baltimore during the
whole period. There are precedents in the legis-
, lation of Congress which go to justify legislation
of this sort. In 1858 two cases occurril of in-
spectors of steamboats who had been appointed
to office but had neglected to take the oath of of-
fice, and yet went on in the regular perfoi nifincc of
their duties. Upon presenting their accounts at
the Treasury Department, their claims were dis-
allowed upon the ground that they could not be
recognized as officers of the Government, the same
viewTbeing taken as that very properly taken by
I Mr. Whittlesey in this case. It seems to me, how-
; ever—and I tlnnk there cannot be a doubt in re-
j gard to the matter—-that thisparty having rendered
! these services, having been recognized by the Navy
j and Tieasury Departments us an officei, and his
; acts having been ratified and confirmed by them,
i he is most"certainly entitled to compensation. In
j the cases which i have just cited, where the offi-
! cers were not qualified under oath. Congress passed
| special laws giving them their compensation. That
i took place in I808, and I can see 110 reason why,in
