THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN-C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1862.
Ne^v Series No. 55.
the Constitution. I do not believe that the idea
of such a rebellion ever entered into the minds of
the founders of our Government; and I think my-
self that, considering the temper of the times and
the struggle in which we are engaged, we had
possibly better err in favor of the country than to
do that which might prejudice the great interests
at stake. And were it not that the precedents we
are now setting will remain for the government of
future Senates, for those who may come after us
in times of-peace,and may afford an argument to
an arrogant partisan majority for the exercise of
arbitrary power, I would not look at this question
as I do now. The power, it seems to me, should
belong to the Senate of excluding one unworthy,
because of treasonable sentiments,fromaseatupon
this floor; but I frankly confess that I am unable
to see as yet, from anything I have heard in this
discussion, that such a power is given to it by the
Constitution. I have no doubt that, in the case
referred to, where a law of Congress is passed
excluding for crime any one from holding office
under the Federal Government, the States would
not have the power to thrust into this body one
convicted of such an offense. I do not believe that
the clause of the Constitution which says that
" eacli House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members,"
confers upon either House the power to go be-
yond the qualifications mentioned in the Consti-
tution.
There is no question which has presented itself to
me wi th so many difficulties as this ;and it is because
I desire to be just to the country; it is because I
desire that the loyal citizens of this country shall
not be offended or shocked by the action of this
body in admitting to a seat upon this floor one of
disloyal sentiments,and because I would preserve
all the rights of the Constitution that are conferred
upon the appointing power, the State Legislatures
and the Governors, and would not violate, either
in letter or spirit, what the Constitution contem-
plates, that I have ventured to give expression to
the thoughts that have passed through my mind
since this question was brought before the Senate.
And, sir, as it is proposed that this case shall be
recommitted to the Judiciary Committee, I think it
is one of such importance as to warrant the Sen-
ate, if it does recommit it at all, in recommitting it
to a select committee. Let it be, if necessary, a
larger committee than the Judiciary Committee;
or, if it is thought best, select members of the Ju-
diciary Committee and put them upon a select
committee. With a view to that, I had drawn this
resolution, which I propose, if in order, to oiler by
way of amendment to the resolution of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire;
Resolved, Tliat the question of the right of Benjamin Stark
to a seat in the Senate, as a Senator from the State ol Oregon,
bp retailed to a select committee, wall instructions to report
if it is competent for tile Senate to refuse to aiiowone pos-
sessing the qualifications prescribed by the Constitution,
and duly appointed a Senator by competent Statu authority,
to take the oath to support the Constitution required by that
instrument to he taken by a Senator previous to his taking
his seat and entering upon the discharge of his duties as
Senator.
I do this for the purpose of relieving the Judi-
ciary Committee from again going over this case.
I can sympathize with that committee in the re-
cent action of this body non-concurring with it in
its recommendations upon similar subjects. This
will relieve them, and relieve the Senate proba-
bly, from a prolonged discussion. It will, per-
haps, be more satisfactory to the country to have
a committee, selected by the Presiding Officer of
this body, taken indiscriminately from it with a
view to the investigation of this particular subject.
If ever there has been a subjcct demanding the
appointment of a select committee, demanding a
thorough investigation at the hands of the Senate,
the subject now under consideration is of that
character, and I would susgost 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthoxy
in the chair.) The resolution of the Senator fiom
Virginia cannot be entertained until the resolution
now before the Senate is disposed of. A motion
to refer to a standing commitiee takes precedence
of a motion to refer to a select committee.
55
Mr. CARLILE. I do not design to press it;
but I thought possibly the same view of the im-
portance of this question was taken by other Sen-
ators that I have taken of it, and that possibly the
Senator from New Hampshire might be willing
to let it go to a select committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I agree
with the Senator from Virginia that this question
is one of the gravest moment, and I think Sena-
tors may well pause for deliberation before they
adopt the policy suggested by the minority re-
port, and may well ask themselves, and ask them-
selves with great care, whether the adoption of the
ruleproposedmaynot beoneof the heaviest blows
that can be struck at the foundation of our repub-
lican institutions.
This is no common matter of business. It is
an assertion of the right of a majority of this
body to refuse entrance here to a person clothed
with all the muniments of right by a sovereign
State, and against whom is alleged no constitu-
tional or legal disqualification. Whose right is
it that he should be here ? The right of the peo-
ple of the State of Oregon—their constitutional
right. It is not his right so much; it is their right
to be represented, they conforming to the Consti-
tution and the laws of Congress under it, which
alone bind them in this matter.
Now let me be permitted to state what, in my
judgment, is the true rule about this. Extraor-
dinary cases do not furnish guides for legislation
or for judgment. Extraordinary cases have been
put; but let us look at what is the reasonable rule,
such as should be the general rule governing our
conduct in this and in all like cases. The State
of Oregon has a right to a representation on this
floor. "She has a right to choose any one of her
citizens who possesses the constitutional qualift-
cations and has not been disqualified by law. She
has exercised that right by the choice of an indi-
vidual qualified under the Constitution, notdisqual-
ified by law. Now, suppose it to be true that at
some past time, the gentleman who is sent here
may have given utterance to what was disloyal
sentiment; I say that of his status in that respect at
the time of his appointment, the State of Oregon,
through her regularly appointed authority, was the
judge, and did pass upon him, upon his qualifica-
tions, politically and morally, and upon his qual-
ifications as to loyalty. AH this was passed upon
by the power clothing him with this authority,
and there, and not here, is where that judgment
should be exercised. When a person comes here,
thoroughly qualified under the Constitution and
the laws, with his credentials in his hands, asking
the right on the part of his State and for himselt
to represent that State, I deny the right of the
Senate to close the doors upon him.
The Constitution stiys that the Senate may |Udge
of the qualification of its own members. What
does that mean ? Of their constitutional and legal
qualifications. Look at the case put m Johnson
by the supreme court of ]Ncw York, and after-
wards heard in error, as referred to by the Senator
from Illinois. If there has been a legal disquali-
fication ascertained by judgment, that would not
prevent the Senate from receiving him. The Sen-
ate receiving him would pass upon his qualifica-
tions, and have the right to do so as against any
judicial tribunal. Their action in that respect can-
not be reviewed. Thatis laid down to be the mle,
and that we understand to be the law. But, sir,
the qualification of a representative means some-
thing; and I say that his qualifications cannot be
deteimined by anything that may have occurred
in his past history, one year, two years, ten years,
or twenty years before the time when the proper
authority, whether it was the Legislature or the
Governor, selected him and clothed him with ottiee.
We have no business to make ourselves a grand
inquest upon every Senator's past history. After
a person appears to be qualified under the Consti-
tution, and has no legal disqualification, our right
then is, he being a Senator, to eject him by a vote
of two tliiids, for anything inconsistent with his
official place. That is the extent and hmitof our
constitutional right—the extent and limit of our
constitutional power. Now, suppose, and'this is
what makes the question so grave, that in. twelve
months from this time peace smiles again through
all our land, and all the States return into the Con-
federacy, and the time shall have come when these
vacant chairs shall be filled; then all the States be-
ing loyal, all the rebels in arms having received the
grant of amnesty or free pardon: are we, sitting
here as Senators, when they comeand present their
credentials from Mississippi, from Louisiana, from
Texas, from Arkansas, from Tennessee—from alt
the southern States, they having acquiesced in our
Government again, and agreed to stand by our
common flag—are we to inquire what was their
conduct in the month of February, 1862? It will
not do, Mr. President. Upon such kind ofinquest
this Government cannot be reestablished, there
can be no union in this Hall, these seats can never
be filled. I do look for the rcestablishmentof the
Union in all its integrity; I do expect that there
will be again a brotherhood of States, more fra-
ternal because they have struggled in arms against
each other and learned each other's valor, and
learned to appreciate the manliness, the chivalry,
and all the high qualities that pertain to our Ameri-
can people, both North and South.
Mr. President, I have not proposed to go into
an argument, but to lay down certain general rules,
which if Senators will deliberate, I think they will
find to be necessary rules: To lay down the doc-
trine that a majority may exclude a person from
this Hall is a claim of power that may at any mo-
ment be exercised with tyranny. I fear, nay, I
think it would be the strongest blow that could be
struck at the foundation of our representative in-
stitutions, of our system of States, of our confed-
eration, if you please, of several independent
people.
The Senator has come all the way from Oregon,
from his distant people, an4 he is followed up by
a set of affidavits. 1 know nothing about the merits
of the allegations contained in those affidavits; but
among lawyers in all parts of the country where
I have dwelt, affidavit-making is deemed a very
easy business and a very discreditable one. I do
not know that there is a Senator on this floor who
was ever engaged in an active and bitter contro-
versy, who "has had active and bitter enemies,
whose enemies could not get up almost all kinds
of discreditable accusations against him. These
affidavits are repudiated by the Senator himself.
1 do not propose to discuss the merits of the affi-
davits, or of his response; but I ob ject to the idea
that a Senator from Oregon, after he comes here
with proper credentials, should be assailed by irre-
sponsible affidavits, and should be kept outside of
this door, and then have his case, after having
been once referred, again re-referred—for what?
For trial ? Is the committee going to hold a court?
Is testimony to be sent for from Oregon, and in the
mean time Oregon to be unrepresented; oris there
to be a further ex parte 'collection of affidavits ou
this subject; or are these affidavits to be scrutin-
ized and criticised and weighed? I have been in
the habit of placing but little reliance on these
things, and judges in courts of justicc place but
little reliance on ex parte affidavits, even when they
are gotten up by parties litigant in court. These
are gotten up as the result of one of the angriest
canvasses ever held in any State, for it was an
angry canvass in Oregon.
Do Senators mean that they propose to try this
case before the Judiciary Committee ? Will they
try it in the star chamber fashion, upon affida-
vits ex parte, or will they open court, and sit m
session and issue their subpenas, and pay the ex-
penses of bringing witnesses from Oregon, that
the Senator who claims the seat may look them
face to face, and cross-examine them? This 1
know is not proposed. W hat, then, is proposed.
I can see nothing in it but delay, and the denial
of a prima facie l ight, against which nothing is
offered—the right of the State of Oregon t$ repie-
sentation, through the person claiming- "8 se®'>
who has all the muniments ofUUe, 1 °PP0S® jjj®
! reference; I say it is useless, and I object to the
I principle as dangerous^ and threatening the tyr-
