18.88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the resolution will be
unanimously adopted by the House. It is cer-
tainly the practice which we have pursued.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. .
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it in order to move to
lay that resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. Without carrying the
whole subject with it?
The SPEAKER. It would carry the whole
report with it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desireto ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether he intends the resolution as
an impeachment of the conduct of the committcc
on Government contracts?
Mr. COLFAX. I say. to my colleague that I
intend it as the assertion of a correct principle.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
order. I understand the Chair to decide that a
motion to lay this particular resolution on the
table would carry the whole subject with it. I
wish now to ask whether it would be in order to
move to postpone this resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency of
the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I shall be compelled
to vote against it as a matter of necessity.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Babbitt, Baker, Beaman,
Bingham, Samuel S. BJair, Blake, George H. Biowne,
Burthiton, Burnlmm, Campbell, Chamberim, Clark, Cobb,
eoifax, Frederick A. Conkling, lto=eoc Conklin<r, Cox,
rlsfield, Cutler, Dawes, Divoii, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Fessenden, Franchot, Fiank, Gooeh, Goodwin,
Granger, Gut ley, lianehctt, Hanson, Iloopei, Uoiton,
Hutcliins, Julian, Kclley, Fiance W. Kello«;i. William
Kellogg, Kerrigan, Killin<rer, Landing, Leaiy,' Loomi>,
Lovejoy, McPherson, Mitchell, Moot head, An*on P. Mor-
rill, Justin S. jVlontll, Nixon, Noble, Noiton, Patton, Tim-
otliyG. Phelps, Pike, Poiter, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edwatd
H. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shelia-
barger, John B. Steele, Steven*-, Stratum, Fiancis Thomas',
Tilmble, Trowbridge, Vallandigbntn, Van limn, Venee,
Wall, Wallace, E. P. Walton. Ward, Washhnrne, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and
Worcester—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Joseph Baily, Diddle, Francis
P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, William G. Btown, Calvert,
Casey, Clements, Coining, Crittenden, Delano, Dunlap,
English, Grider, Haisht, Harding, llolman, Knnpp. Law,
Lehman, Malloiy, May, MenziC*, Moiih, Noell, jYn^en,
Ferry, Piice, ltobnivon, Jame* S. Rollins. SiiicJ, Smith,
William G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiam, Vibbaid,
Voorhees, WicklifFe, Wood, and Woodrtifi—41.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be next
upon the adoption of the following resolution
reported by the committee:
Resolved, That the practice of employing irresponsible
parties, having no official connection with the Government,
in the peitbrmance of public duties which may be piopeily
performed by regular officers; ofrhe Government, and of pur-
chasing by pi ivatc contt aetsupphes for the different Depai t-
ments, where open and fair competition might, be ptopeily
invited by icasormble advertisements foi piopo >aN, is in-
jurious to the public service, and meets the unqualified dis-
approbation of this House.
The resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the question next in
order to be the adoption of the first branch of the
amendment offered by Mr. Holman, as follows;
Resolved, That Simon Camcion, late Secretary of War,
by investing Alexander Cummin^ with thecontiol of laigc
t-uins of the public money, and authority lo ptuehax; linli-
taiy supplies, without restriction, without lequirtng from
him any guarantee for the faithful performance ofhi-v duties,
when the set vices of competent public officers weie avail-
able, and by involving the Government in a vaa number
of contracts with pei.>ons not legitimately engaged m the
business pertaining to the subject-mattei ofhuch contracts,
especially m the puiehnse of *um& for future delivery, has
adoptetf a policy highly injurious to the public service, and
deset ves the censure of the llou e.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and nays
U£)on the adoption of that resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Is that resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BLAKE. I would hke to have it divided,
so as to have that part of it which refers to Alex-
ander Cummings voted on by itself, for I do not
think there is any evidence to sustain any charge
against him.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to ask if the reso-
lution is not divisible, so as to have a separate
vote upon the portion which refers to Alexander
Cummings ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
indicate the point at which a division may be
made.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will indicate the point
at the word "available/5
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read the rule.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I understand the rule, and
what I desired the Chair to decide was, whether
it could be divided, so as to leave each branch of
the resolution a distinct proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule.
The Clerk read the 46th rule, as follows:'
" Any member may call for the division of a question be-
fore or after the iftain question is oidercd, which shall be
divided, if it comprehend propositions in substance so dis-
tinct that, one being taken away, a substantive proposition
sluill remain for the decision of the House. A motion to
stnke out and inseit shall be deemed indivisible, but a mo-
tion to strike out being lost, shall preclude neither amend-
ment nor a motion to strike out and insert."
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
there will be a substantive proposition remaining
if the resolution is divided, as the gentleman in-
dicates.
Mr. McKNICHT. That is just the difficulty
in my own mind. I am afraid there will not, as
the resolution is drawn up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution is not divisible.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this resolution.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer an amendment.
M*\ COX. I object,
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask that my amendment
may bo road.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Aneona, Joseph Baily,
Baker, Btddle, Francis P, Blair, Jacob B. Blair, George II.
Biowne. ButFmton, Calveit, Casey, Clark, Clement^, Cobb,
Frederick A. t'onkhng, Corning, Coy, Cn&field, Crittenden,
Cutler, l)a\ve , Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Gooeh,
Gi anger, Gndei, Hall, Uanehett, Harding, Ilanison, llol-
man, Hoifou, Kenig.ni, Knapp, Law, Lean, McKnight,
Malloiy, May, Menziefi, Mitchell, Justin S. Mori ill, Morris,
Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton,Nugen, Odell, Patton, Pendle-
ton, Peii3, Pike,Kieliaidson, Robinson, Edwaid II. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, Slnel, Smith, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Tiain. Vu1! i:i'!!;iham, Veiree, Vibbaid, Voothces, E. P.
Walton, Waul, Webster, Wheeler, WickhfTe, Wilson,
Wood, and Woodiuff—79.
NAYS— Me^-sis. Arnold, Babbitt, Beaman. Bingham,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Burn ham, Campbell, Chambei lin,
Colfax, Ilo^coe Conkhng, Duell, Edgcrton, Eliot, Ely, Fes-
senden, Franchot. Fiank, Goodwin, Ilaniht, Iloopcr,
Tlutclnns, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Lansing, Lehman, Lovejoy, MePher. on, Mooihead, Ali-
son P. Mori ill, John II. Rice, Riddle, Saigent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabatgcr, Stevens,"Trimble, Trow-
bridgej Van Vaikenbuigh, Wall, Wallace, and Albert S.
White—45. ^
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsidcrthevote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Seetetary of the Navy, in the employ-
mentoi George D Morgan, wiLhout requmngfiom him any
guarantee for the faithtul perfoimanee of his duties in the
purchase of a large number o( vc&seh for the publicum, with
a compensation dependent on the pi ices paid for Mich ves-
sels, and leceivable from the seller, instead of employing
responsible officers of the Government, ha^ adopted a policy
unauthorized by law, destructive of public economy and
public confidence, and deceives the censuie of this House.
Mr. SHEFFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will itbe
in order to lay that resolution on the table, without
carrying the other resolutions with it?
The SPEAKER. These resolutions were all
offered as amendments, and their relation to the
original will be the same as in any other case,
though voted on separately; and to lay one on
the table would carry all the others with it. It is
fair, at least, that the Chair should hold that way,
having separated the resolutions.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Aneona, Babbitt, Joseph Baily,
Bcaman, Biddic, Jacob B. Blah, Calvert, Clements, Fred-
erick A Conkling, Roseoe Conkling, Cox, Crisfield, Dun-
lap. Dunn, Grider, Hanchett, Harding, llolman, Kerrigan,
I Kilhngcr, Knapp, McPherson, Malloiy. May, Mcuates,
1 Mollis, Noble, Norton, Patton, Pendleton, Porter, Robin-
son, James S. Rollins, Shiel, William G. Steele, Fiancis
Thomas, Vallandigham, Voorhees, Wallace, Washburne,
Webstei, Wickiiffe, Wilson, and Worcester—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Bingham, Francis P. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, George 11. Browae, Buffinton, Burnham,
Campbell, Casey, Chamberlin, Claik, Cobb, Colfax, Corn-
ing, Cutler, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, English,
Fovpenden, Franchot, Frank, Gooeh, Goodwin, Gianger,
Gudey, Ilaight, Hall, Harrison, Hooper, Uoiton, Hutcliins,
Julian, Kellev, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lehman, Loomis,
Lovejoy, McKuight, Moorhead, An on P. Monill, Nixon,
Noell, Nugen,Oiin, Timothy G. Phelps,Pike, John H. Rice,
Riddle, Edwaid II. Roilius, Saigent, Sedgwick, Sheffield,
Shellabarger, Smith, John 13. Steele, Suatton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Tram, Trimble, Tiouhiidge, Van Horn, Van
Vaikenbuigh. Venee, Vibbaid, Wall," Wheeler, Albert S.
Wlute, Wood, and Woodruff—7^.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itseif into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order, being the Pacific rail-
road biii. Pending that motion, 1 move that all
debate upon the special order be closed in five
minutes after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration thereof.
Mr. NOELL. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Michigan, and Lehman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 55, noes 25; no quorum voting.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for a recount, as
there is evidently a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, a
recount will be ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We only propose to close
the general debate. The five minutes'debate is
continued.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Oh, yes; there are only sixty
millions in the bill.
No objection being made, the tellers resumed
their places; and the House being again divided,
the tellers reported—ayes 54, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now call for a vote upon
my motion to go into committeee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Befoie that vote is taken I
ask the gentleman to permit me to offer some
amendments, in order that they may be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Amendments can be offered
ad infinitum in the committee. Every amendment
can be considered in committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot delay the bill any
longer.
The motion of Mr. Campbell was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cms-
field in the chair,) and resumed the considciation
of the spccial order, being a bill (H. R. No. 3G4)
to aid in constructing a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose the proper course
will be to proceed to perfect the substitute for bill
No. 364.
The CHAIRMAN. As there is no amendment
offered to the original bill, the committee will pro-
ceed to perfect the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell.] The
pending question is upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Nevada.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suggest that the substi-
tute for bill No. 364 be read by sections, in order
that it may be perfected.
The Clerk read the first section.
Mr. WILSON. I oiler a substitute for the first
section of the bill. I ask that it may be read,
omitting the first clause, which contains the names
