8(51>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
army of numbers. The tyranny of numbers is
always'worse than the tyranny of an individual;
and this subjects us to the danger of the tyranny
of the numbers who may at any moment compose
a majority of the* Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 'Mr President, I do not
propose to follow this discussion in the very wide
range it lias taken, because I think it entirejy in-
appropriate at the present time. That is my judg-
ment. The simple question is, whetherthis report
of the Judiciary Committee shall be referred back
or recommitted to the same committee. For what
earthly good? What benefit can arise from it?
What good can grow out of it? I conceive that
nothing can arise from it but mischief—the mis-
chief alluded to by the Senator who has just taken
his seat; the postponement of this question; its
protraction to a very long period, if it is to be
investigated with all the forms, ceremonies, and
accuracy of a legal investigation. The Senate
now have before them all the facts of this case
which the Judiciary Committee had—every syl-
lable of them. The facts have been published for
ten days, and have been laid upon our tables.
What further light can be thrown upon this sub-
ject ? What bettor opportunities can be afforded
to the Senate for judging of the course they shall
and ought to pursue in relation to this case?
None, none.
The Senator from New Hampshire said he
wished the benefit of the opinion of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. The Senator to-day, in ad-
vocating his resolution, expressed a much higher
opinion of the weight and character to be given to
the opinion of that committee than has been ex-
pressed in times past. I do not think that any
opinion given by the Committee on the Judiciary
upon the facts as printed will have any very
great weight or influence upon the mind of (he
Senator.
I am not flattered into a vote m the affirmative
for the recommittal of this report by the kind words
of the Senator from New Hampshire. I think the
Senate ought to meet the question now upon the
case as it stands. The Judiciary Committee have
given no opinion upon the merits of the case; they
have, doubtless, their individual opinions formed
upon the merits of thc? case, f have formed mine
upon the evidence before me; and when the proper
time comes I am toady to act in relation to the
requirements of my duty. It would be amiss in
me now to intimate the inclination of my mind in
that respect. But,as thus debate has already been
extensive, and light cannot be thrown upon the
case, to use a common phrase, by much more
16 ventilation," and that the consignment of it to
the Committee on the Judiciary in their private,
secret meetings cannot be of much benefit, either
so far as we or the public ate concerned, I trust
that the Senate will now feel itself called upon to
approach its duly in relation to this case, and act
upon the evidence, and the only evidence that the
Judiciary Committee can have before it under ex-
isting circumstances, who have already reported
back to the Senate their recommendation and opin-
ion with rcspect to the course the Senate should
at present pursue in relation to the claimant, for
this seat from Oregon.
I shall not attempt at all to enter into the dis-
cussion of (he principles involved in this case,
but ask again, and ask it earnestly, what earthly
good can come from the recommittal of this ques-
tion to the comnnitee, and to submit my honest
conviction that nothing but injustice can arise to
the Senator himself, for whom I have no sympa-
thy—I know no man here—and injustice to the
State which has sought to send him here, by pro-
crastination, and delay. I can well conceive that
if all which is said against him is not true, gross
injustice is not only done to him but to the State
of Oregon, which State has only one represent-
ative upon this floor in this Senate, when under
the Constitution she is entitled to two. I well
recollect a celebrated case which occurred in 1839,
in the other branch of this Capitol—I mean the
New Jersey contested-election case. A then dis-
tinguished member from Massachusetts, (Mr.
Adams,) whose doctrines and whose principles I
have studied, and have faith in, who has been so
often quoted by the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] held the doctrine
that credentials coming from a State with the sym-
bols of its sovereign authority, spoke in a way
that Congress should not disregard; and if any
mistake or wrong were done, the House having
charge of the matter could afterwards correct that
wrong and that mistake, and that the State should
not, for the time, be deprived of her representa-
tion in the councils of the nation. Out of that
very contest grew what was called the famous
" broad seal*' controversy; and the people of that
State condemned the action of Congress, and the
course they took in that respect. These members
were eventually admitted, in obedience to the pub-
lic voice, upon the credentials as produced with
the broad seal upon them, which I may be par-
doned for saying was impressed by a hand which
now lies dead, and yet unburied—I refer to Gov-
ernor Pennington—the memory of whom will
long live in the grateful remembrance of his friends
and fellow-citizens.
I trust, sir, that the Senate will meet this ques-
tion. I do not wish to shirk any responsibility.
If this matter is referred back to the Judiciary
Committee, I am ready to vote there on the merits
of the ease, because I have paid attention to them,
and studied them; but I have reported with the
majority, that this gentleman is now entitled to
take the constitutional oath, knowing that the
Senate, upon that report, can meet the whole
question. If they think, on the evidence reported
and printed, that he should not receive his seat,
they can so decide; and no injustice whatever can
be done by this course, as the whole case can be
disposed of now, after a delay already of some
two months; and no further wrong or injustice be
done to his State or to the member claiming his
scat by procrastination and by delay.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, some two or three
weeks ago there was a motion made that the gen-
tleman from Oregon qualify as n member of this
House, by taking the oath proscribed by the Con-
stitution. That motion was resisted and objected
to by the SenatorfromMaine, [Mr.Fessexden,]
upon the ground that the gentleman who it was
proposed should qualify as a member of the Sen-
ate, was not loyal to the Government and to the
Constitution. The matter was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and the learned Sen-
ator from New York makes a report, and recom-
mends that the gentleman from Oregon be per-
mitted to take the oath and his seat as a member
of this body. That presents the case in thisaspect:
here is a suit or motion entered; here is a plea in
bar to that suit; and here js a demurrer to the plea,
filed by the Senator from New York; aud his de-
murrer assumes the ground and goes upon the
principle thtit the facts of the plea, though true,
are no sufficient objection to the qualification of
the gentleman from Oregon.
What says the honorable Senator from New
York? He reads the clause in the Constitution
which prescribes thioe qualifications for members
of the Senate. One is, thathe shall be thirty years of
age; the second, that he shall have been nine years
a citizen of the United States; and the third, that
he shall be an inhabitant of the State from which
he claims to be a Senator. The Senator from New
York assumes that, whenever theie is a proper
and a regular return of a gentleman as a Senator
from any State, and he comesupwith these thiee
qualifications, it is the imperative duty of the Sen-
ate at once to admit him to take the oath and his
scat upon the floor of the Senate. I objectentirely
to the proposition of the learned Senator from
New York. I concede that the Constitution ex-
plicitly declares these three qualifications; but 1
deny that when a man appears here with a legal
and regular return of his election by a State Le-
gislature, or of his appointment by the Governor
of a State, as a Senator in Congress, and he ap-
pears to be thirty yeais of age, and nine years a
citizen of the United States, and also an inhabit-
ant of the State that he proposes to represent, it
is the imperative and bounden duty of the Senate,
in all cases, to permit him to qualify as a member
of the body
In addition to these positive qualifications, there
are certain matters of disqualification, and there
may be many matters of disqualification. I will
mention a few of them. Suppose any gentleman
who appeared luue claiming to be a Senator upon
this floor, and asking to be sworn, was an un-
naturalized foreigner; suppose he was an alien
enemy: would that fact not authoiize the Senate
to deny to him the right which he asked to qual-
ify as a memherof the body? Would not the Sen-
ate have thcrighttoavaUitself ,;f that state of fact
for its own protection, and for the protection of
the Government of the country?
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me, I
will suggest to him that the two cases he has put
would fall directly within the Constitution; the
man would not be a citizen, and could not be qual-
ified.
Mr. DAVIS. That is true; but I will put one
or two eases now that will not fall within the Con-
stitution. Suppose a man should present himself
here claiming to be a Senator, who was a negro
and a negro slave?
Mr. CLARK. Dred Scott has shut him out;
he is not a citizen. The Constitution says he shall
be nine years a citizen, not an inhabitant.
Mr. DAVIS. I say so. Well, then, the ques-
tion is what is a citizen? That is a mooted prop-
osition. y
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest a question. Suppose the Governor of
some State should send a woman here who is a
citizen >
Mr. DAVIS. ' 1 would say that she could not
take her seat, nor be admitted as a member of the
Senate. I thank the gentleman for his case.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. You did not
tell us why.
Mr. DAVIS. For this reason: it is an original
and fundamental principle of our Government that
all political power is vested in men, and no part
of it in women.
Mr. HALE. They exercise it.
Mr. DAVIS. They exercise a large share in-
directly, and probably the largest share; but they
are not vested directly by the Constitution, either
expressly or impliedly, with any political power.
I will put another case, which I think will obviate
all the objections which the ingenious Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] makes. Sup-
pose that an individual should come here and ask
to be admitted as a Senator upon this floor, who
had been tried for treason, for adherence to the
southern confederacy; take the case put by the
honorable Senator from Illinois; suppose that Jeff
Davis, or any other rebel that is now in the con-
federate army, or acting a part in the confederate
government, had been arraigned by indictment,
and tried and convicted of treason: according to
the position of the argument of the gentleman
from New York, whenever an individual even
environed by that state of fact, presented himself
here with a regular and legal return of his election
or his appointment as a Senator from a State, it
would be the imperative duty of the Senate to ad-
mit him without regard to the fact of his having
committed that crime, and of his having been con-
victed of it, and of a judgment which would have
sentenced him to infamous punishment, being in
full force against him. Without any regard to
all these facts, it would be the imperative duty of
the Senate to permit him to swear and take his
seat as a member of the Senate, according to the
view of the Senator from New York.
I do not concede that proposition to be true at
all. My opinion is, that in addition to these three
expressly enumerated qualifications of a Senator
by the Constitution, there may and there will in
many cases arise certain disqualifications that
fully justify and authorize the Senate in exclud-
ing a'man against whom they exist from a seat
in the Senate.
The gentleman from Virginia says that is a
grave question. It certainly is. He says that it
involves no less a conclusion than this: shall a
State be deprived of its representation, or half of
its representation, in the Senate? I do not think
it involves any such consequence. It merely in-
volves this consequence: that a Governor or State
Legislature, in sending members to the Senate,
must send men who aie true to the Constitution
and to the Government; and if they send traitors,
or men who are disloyal and false to the Consti-
tution, aud to their oath to suppoit the Constitu-
tion, the Senate have the power to exclude them
from taking scats in the body.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow mo to ask him n question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CARLILE. I am in search of informa-
tion. Who is to determine the question of loy-
alty? Shall it be the Legislature, the appointing
powei, recognized its« If as ioyal—because there
can be no Legislature that the Federal Govern-
