368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
S^th Cose....2d Sjbs.
Laws of the United States.
person shall forcibly obstructor hinder a collect-
or or deputy collector in the execution of this
act, or of any power and authority hereby vested
in him, or shall forcibly rescue, or cause t  be
rescued, any property, articles, or objects, after
the same shall have been seized by him, or shall
attempt or endeavor so to do, the person so of-
fending shall, for every such offense, forfeit and
pay the sum of five hundred dollars.
Sec. 29. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case
of the sickness or temporary disability of a col-
lector to discharge such of his duties as cannot
under existing laws be discharged by a deputy,
they may be devolved by him upon one of his
deputies: Provided, That information thereof be
immediately communicated to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and shall not be disapproved by him:
And provided further, That the responsibility of
the collector or his sureties to the United States
shall not bo affected or impaired thereby.
Sec. 30. Jhid be it further enacted, That in case
a collector shall die, icsign, or bo removed, the
deputies of such collector shall continue to act
until their successors aie appointed; and the dep-
uty of such collector longest in service at" the
time immediately preceding may and shall, until
a successor shall be appointed, discharge all the
duties of said collectoiand for the official acts
and defaults of such deputy a remedy shall bo
had on the official bond of the. collector, as in
other casts; and of two or more deputy collectors,
appointed on tile same day, the one residing: near-
est the residence of the collector at the time of
his death, lesignation, or removal, shall m like
manner discharge the said duties until the appoint-
ment of a successor; and any bond or security
taken of such deputy by such collector, pursuant
to the fifth section of this act, shall be available
to his heirs oi lepiesentatives to indemnify them
for loss or damage accruing from any act of the
proper deputy so continuing or so succeeding to
the duties of such collector.
Sec. 31. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the collectors aforesaid, or their
deputies, in their respective districts, and they
are hereby authorized, to collect all the duties and
taxes imposed by this act, however the same may
be designated, and to prosecute for the recovery
of the same, and for the recovery of any sum or
sums which may be forfeited by virtue of this act;
and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures which may
be incurred or imposed by virtue of this act, shall
and may be sued for and recovered, in the name
of the United State?, or of the collector within i
whose district any such fine, penalty, or forfeit-
ure shall have been incuned,in any proper form
of action, or by any appropriate foi m of proceed-
ing, before any circuit, or district court of the
United States tor the district within which said
fine, penalty, or forfeiture may have been incurred,
or before any other court of competent jurisdic-
tion; and where not otherwise and difleiently pro-
vided for, one moiety thereof shall be to the use
of the United States, and the other moiety thereof
to the use of the person who, if a collector or
deputy collector, shall first inform of-the cause,
mattei, or thing whereby any such fine, penalty,
or forfeiture was incurred.
Sec. 33. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
person, in any case, matter, healing, or other
proceeding m which an oath or affirmation shall
be required to be taken oradministered under and
by virtue of this act, shall, upon the taking of
such oath or affirmation, knowingly and willingly
swear or affirm falsely, every person so offendTng
shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall, on
conviction thereof, be subject to the like punish-
ment and penalties now provided by the laws of
the United States for the crime of perjury.
Sec. 33. Jlndbc itjuriher enacted, That separate
accounts shall be kept at the Treasury of all
moneys leceived from internal duties or taxes in
each of the respective States. Teiritories, and col-
lection districts; and the separate accounts shall
be kept of the amount of each species of duty or
tax that shall accrue, so as to exhibit, as far as
may be, the amount collected from each source of
revenue, with the moneys paid to the collectors
and deputy collectors, and to the other officers
employed in each of the respective States, Terri-
tories, and collection districts, an abstract in tab-
ular foim of which accounts it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of theTreasury,annually, in the
month of December, to lay before Congress.
Sec. 34. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there
shall be allowed to the collectors appointed under
this act, in full compensation for their services and
that of their deputies in carrying this act into
effect, a commission of four per centum upon the
first hundred thousand dollars, and two per centum
upon all sums above one hundred thousand dol-
lars; such commissions to be computed upon the
amounts by them respectively paid over and ac-
counted for under the instructions of the Treas-
ury Department: Provided, That in no case shall
such commissions exceed the sum of ten thou-
sand dollars per annum, except as hereinafter pro-
vided. And there shall be further allowed to each
collector his necessary and reasonable charges for
stationery and blank-books used in the perform-
ance of his official duties, which, after being duly
examined and certified by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, shall be paid out of the Treas-
ury: Provided, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized to make such further allowance
as may be reasonable in cases in which, from the
terntorial ex tent of the district, or from the amount
of internal duties collected, it may seem just to
make such allowance; but the whole compensa-
tion shall not exceed ten thousand dollars, exccpt
in collodion districts embracing more than one
congiessional district.
Sec. 35. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when
tiny duty or tax shall have been paid by levy and
distraint, any person or persons or party who may
feel aggrieved thereby may apply to the assessor
of the district for relief, and exhibit such evidence
as he, she, or they may have of the wrong done,
or supposed to have been done, and after a full
investigation the assessor shall report the case,
with such pal ts of the evidence as he may judge
material, including also such as may be regarded
material by the party aggrieved, to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, who may, if it shall
be made to appear to him that such duty or tax
was levied or collected, in whole or in part, wrong-
fully or unjustly, certify the amount wrongfully
and unjustly levied or collected, and the same
shall be refunded and paid to the person or per-
sons or party as aforesaid, from any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, upon
the presentation of such certificate to the proper
officer thereof.
Sec. 36. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all
cases of distraint and sale of i^oods, or chattels,
for non-payment of taxes provided for in. this act,
tile bill of safe of such goods or chattels given by
tile officer making such sale to the purchaser
thereof shall be conclusive evidence of the right
of the officer to make such sale, and of the cor-
rectness of his proceedings in selling the same.
Sec. 37. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if for
any cause, at any time after this act goes into op-
eration, the Jaws of the United States cannot be
executed in a State or Territory of the United
States, or any part thereof, or within the District
of Columbia, it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent, and he is hereby authorized, to proceed to
execute the provisions of this act within the limits
of such State or Territory, or part thereof, or
District of Columbia, so soon as the authority of
the United States therein shall be reestablished,
and to collect the sums which would have been
due fiom the persons residing or holding property,
goods, wares, or merchandise, object or article
therein liable to any duty, license, or tax, with
interest at the rate of six per centum per annum
thereon from the time such duty, license, or tax
ought to have been paid until paid in the manner
and under the regulations prescribed in this act,
so far as applicable, and where not applicable the
assessment and levy shall be made and the time
and manner of collection regulated by the instruc-
tions and directions of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Sec* 38. Andbe it further enacted, That the offi-
cers who may be appointed under this act, except
within those districts within any State or Terri-
tory which have been or may bo otherwise special-
ly provided for by kw, shall bo, and hereby are, i
authorized,!!) all cases where the payment of such '
tax has not been assumed by the State, to perform '
all the duties relating to or regarding the assess-
ment and collection of the direct tax imposed by
an act entitled " An act to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved August
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or any di;
rect tax which may be heieafter enacted: Pro-
vided, That the sum of nineteen thousand three
hundred and twelve dollars, direct tax, laid upon
the Territory of Nebraska by said act, shall be
paid and satisfied by deducting said amount from
the appropriation for legislative expenses of the
Territory of Nebraska for the year ending thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
and no further claim shall be made by said Ter-
ritory for legislative expenses for said year: Pro-
vided further, That the State of Tennessee shall
have until the first day of December next to as-
sume the payment of her portion of said tax.
spirits, ale, beeil, and pouter.
Sec. 39. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the collectoi s, within the respective
districts, to grant licenses for distilling, which
licenses shall contain the date thereof, the sum
paid, and the time when the same will expire, and
shall be granted to any peison, being a resident
of the United States, who shall desire the same,
by application, in writing, to such collector, upon
payment of the sum or duty payable by this act
upon each license requested. And at the time of
applying for said liccnse, and before the same is
issued, the person so applying shall give bond to
the United States in such sum as shall be required
by the collector, and with one or more sureties,
to be approved by said collector, conditioned that
in case any additional still or stills, or other im-
plements to be used as aforesaid, shall be erected
by him, his agent or superintendent, lie will, be-
fore using, or causing or permitting the same to
be used, report in writing to the said collectorthe
capacity thereof, and information from time to
time of any change m the form, capacity, owner-
ship, agency, or superintendence, which all or
cither of the said stills or other implements may
undergo; and that he will, from day to day, enter,
or cause to be entered, in a book to be kept for
that purpose, the number of gallons of spirits that
may be distilled by said still or stills, or other im-
plements, and also of the quantities of gram or
other vegetable productions, or other substances
put into the mash-tub, or otherwise used by him,
his agent, or superintendent, for the purpose of
producing spirits, which said book shall be open
at all times during the day (Sundays excepted) to
the inspection of the said collector, who may make
any memorandums or transcripts therefrom; and
that lie will render to the said collector, on the
first, tenth, and twentieth days of each and every
month, or within five days thereafter, during the
continuance of said license, an exact account, in
writing, taken from his books, of the number of
gallons of spirits distilled and sold, or removed
for consumption or sale, by him, his agent, or
superintendent, and the proof thereof, and also of
the quantities of grain or other vegetable produc-
tions, or other substances, put into the mash-tub,
or otherwise used by him, his agent or superin-
tendent, for the purpose of producing spirits, for
the period or fractional part of a month then next
preceding the date of said report, which said re-
port shall be verified by affidavit in the manner
prescribed by this act; and that he will not sell or
permit to be sold, or removed for consumption
or sale, any spirits distilled by him under and
by virtue of his said license, until the same shall
have been inspected, gauged, and proved, and the
quantity thereof duly entered upon his books as
aforesaid; and that he will, at the time of render-
ing said account, pay to the said collector the du-
ties which by this act are imposed on the spirits
so distilled; and the said bond may be renewed or
changed, from time to time, in regard to the
amount and sureties thereof, according to the dis-
cretion of the collector.
Sec. 40. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
application in writing made by any person for a
license for distilling, as aforesaid, "shall slate the
place of distilling, the number and capacity of the
stiil or stills, boiler or boilers, and the name of
the peison, film, comply, oi rui poration using
the same; and any person m>,king a false state-
ment in either of the said particulars shall forfeit
