THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1862.
New Series.....No: 179.
a precedent. In ordinary peaceful times, I admit
that it miglu constitute a dangerous precedent; but
here, with a state of war existing, an officer might
properly be called on even irregularly in an emer-
gency such as then arose, when the Government
might desire to acquire vessels to send off on expe-
ditions such as were then fitting out. I think this
is a just claim, and that we ought not to higgle
about paying it.
Mr. LEARY resumed the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LEARY. For what purpose?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want to contro-
vert for a moment the position of the gentleman
from Rhode Island, which I think I can do very
successfully if I can have the opportunity.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man from Rhode Island has done that for himself.
Mr. LEARY. I think time enough has been
occupied in the discussion of this bill, and I move
the previous question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGK I raise the question
of order that this bill makes an appropriation, and
must therefore go to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It does not make an
appropriation; and if it did, it is too late to raise
the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that,
it makes an appropriation. It provides for the
settlement of the accounts of an officer, but the
money could not be paid until a further appropri-
. ation. At any rate, the Chair thinks it is too late
to raise the question of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to lay the bill on the
table. If we cannot pay those who aie in office,
I think it is too soon to make provision for pay-
ing those who are not.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House divided; and no quorum voted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will withdraw the motion
to lay the bill on the table, and demand the yeas
and nays on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill;and there were—ayes 57, noes 13; no quorum
voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sheffield,
and Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 32.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar; and pending that motion, 1 ask the con-
sent of the House that this may be considered ob-
ieciion day in committee.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object, and move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
CAKMICK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the consentof the House
to take from the Speaker's table Senate joint res-
olution No. 89, relating fo the claim of Carmick
& Ramsey, and refer it to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the House will go to
the Speaker'^ table and take up a*id refer all the
bills there the gentleman's bill may be reached in
its order. I object to its being taken up out of its
order.
179
Mr. COLFAX. I hope the gentleman will not
object in this case. It is a resolution to protect
the interests of the Government.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The joint resolution was accordingly taken up,
read twide, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Aneona, Biddle,
George II. Browne, Calvert, Cobb, Cravens, Crisficid, Crit-
tenden, Ely, Fenton, Fouke, Goodwin, Gridcr, Gurley,
Haight, Harding, Hickman, Johnson, Kelley, William Kel-
Jogff, Law, Leary, Low, MePhcrson, Mailory, Maynard,
Menzies, Mitchell, Morris, Nixon, Ohu, John S. Phelps,
Alexander H. Rice, Ilobinson, Sedgwick, Segar, Smith,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Voor-
hees, Walton, Webster, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wick-
liffe, Wilson, and Worcester—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Baker, Seaman,
Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S, Blair*, William G.' Brown, Buf-
finton, Chamberlm, Clark, Clements, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Ro^coe Conkhng, Corning, Cutler, Dawes,
Delano, Duulap. Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, English, Fesjseu-
den, Franehot, Granger, Hale, Hanison, llolman, Hooper,
IJorton, Hutehms, Julian, Francis W. Kcllogc, Lansing,
Loonns, Lovejoy, McKniyht, Moorhead, Noble, Noell,
Norton. Nu«en, Pendleton, Pomeroy, Porter, John H. Riee,
Richanhon, Riddle, Edwaid H. Rollins, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabait^r, Slnel, William G. Steele, Stiatton, Trimble,
Van Valkenburgh, WadMvmth. Wallace, YVaid, VVadi-
burne, Wood4 and Woudruii'-—65.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. HICKMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
On a division there were—ayes twenty-seven,
noes not counted.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MALLORY moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. HICKMAN moved that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out
of order during the pendency of the motion to
adjourn.
'Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn over.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancon.i, Daily, Biddle, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Geoige II. Browne, Caivert, Clements Cricoid,
Crittenden. Dunn, Edtrcrfon, Ely, Fenton, Fouke, Good-
win, Gurley, Haight, Harding, Hickman, Hutchins, John-
son, Kellej, William Kellogg. Law. Leary, Low, MoPher-
son, lYJailojy, Maynaid, Menzies lUoirij,, Nixon, Noble,
Olin, John S. Phelps, Alexandei H. Rice, Sedgwick, Sliiel,
Smith, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianci." Thomas Trow-
bridge.'Verree, Webster, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wick-
litfe. Wilson, and Worcester—ab.
NAYS— Me^sis. Aklnch, Arnold, Ashley. Baker, Baxter,
Beam<in, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Wiliiam G. Brown,
Bulfintou, Chambeiim, Claik, Coltax, Frederick A. Conk-
liug, Roscoe Conkhng, Corning, Cutler, Dawes, Divcn,
Duiilap. Eliot, English, Feasemlen. Franchof, Hale. Haui-
son, llolman, Ilooper. Horton, Julian, Fianeis W Kellogg,
Knapp, Lansing, Luzear, Looims, Lovejoy, MeKmeht,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Noell, Noiton, Nu«en, Pendleton,
Pike, Pomeroy, Torter, John H. Rice, Richardson, Riddle,
Edward 11. Rollins, Segar, Sheffield, Sheliabargei, Sher-
man, John B. Steele, Trimble, Van Valkenbmgh, Wads-
woith, Wallace, Walton, Ward, Washbumc, Wheeler,
Wood, and Woodruff— 65.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. HICKMAN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 47, noes 59.
Mr. HICKMAN moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
11 1 1 " 1 1 !"■ 'J - '-I 1
Mr. MALLORY demanded the yeas and mftra.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 57, nays,52, as follow^; -
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Baker* Biddle, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Geoige ii. Browne, Calvert, Clements,
Cobb. Crisikld. Crittenden, Davis, Dunn, Edgerton, Eng-
lish, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher,Goodwin, Grider, Gurley,
Haight. Haiduig, Hickman, Julian, Kciley, ICnapp, Law,
Leary, Lovejoy, Low, MeKnigbt. Mallorv,May,Mavnard,
Menzies. Morris, Nixon, Noble.,Odell, Olin, JohnS. Phelps,
Alexander H. Rice,Robinson, Sedgwick,Smith, Benjapwi
F.Thomas, Francis Thomas,Trowbridge, Verree, Walton,
VVhaley, Albeit S. White, Wickliffe, Wilson, and Worces-
ter—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt, Baily,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, William G. Brown, Buffinton,
Chamberlm, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A.CouklingjJtpseoe
Conkling, Coming, Covode, Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Duulap, Fouke, Franehot, Hale, Harrison,"Horton, Huteli-
ins, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Lazear, Loomis,Mitch-
ell, Moorhead, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Porter, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Segar, Sherman, Wiliiimi G. Steele,
Stevens,Strotton, Trimble, Van Valkenl)urgli,Wadsworth,
Wallace, Washhume, Wheeler, and Woodruff—52.
So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HICKMAN, (at
twenty minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 21, 1862.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the memorial of mer-
chants, traders, and citizens of the city and State
of New York, calling upon Congress to enaet a
general uniform bankrupt law. I have already
offered several similar memorials during this ses-
sion, and have had them referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. That committee have not
yet reported. I wish to know whether it will be
proper, in moving a refeience of this memorial to
the Committee on the Judiciary, to move an in-
struction that they be directed to report thereupon
forthwith.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would be
more in accordance with parliamentary practice
to introduce a resolution to that effect, of instruc-
tion to the committee, than to accompany the ref-
erence of a memorial with such a motion.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In the absence of the chair-
man of the committee, I will simply say that, al-
though the Senator may desire'to take that course,
I do not think it is necessary for him to do so.
The Committee on the Judiciary have had this
matter under consideration, and I hardly think
the course they have pursued would call for any
decisive action of that sort on the part of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. SUMNER. May I be permitted to ask
the Senator, who represents the Committee on the
Judiciary, whether we may expect an immediate
report on the subject?
Mr. TEN EYCK. In the absence of the chair-
man, I will simply say—and that is as far as I feel
myself authorized to say—that the committee have
had the matter under consideration. I am notat
liberty to say what the action of the committee
may be. They feel an interest in the matter, as
much so, I have no doubt, as the Senator himself
or other Senators.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to press the sub-
ject unduly, but it is a very importantone, which
now occupies the attention of the country, and it
seems to me that it ought to be acted upon during
the present session of Congress, I have no scheme
to present; but I he memorials from all parts of the
countiy are of such a character that they are en-
titled to attention, and I believe the interests in-
volved arc of immense magnitude. 1 hope, there-
foie, that the committee will act upon the subject
as soon as possible—at a very early day. I move
the reference of this memorial to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I have just received, and ask
leave to present, a petition, very numerously
signed, from merchants of New York formerly
