868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. McDOUGALL. That being a present fact,
ascertained and admitted ? /
Mr. MORRILL. That being a conceded fact,
as in this case, for I take it, as the matter now
stands, we are acting on the assumption of con-
ceded disloyalty.
Mr. McDOUGALL How so ?
Mr. MORRILL. Because disloyalty is charged
and not explained.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is denied.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon this evidence disloy-
alty is charged; it has been referred to the com-
Biittee; the committee have failed to report upon it,
and in substance say to us that they have failed
toexamine thatquestion, and offer 110 opinion upon
it because, whether he is loyal or disloyal, he is
entitled to his seat. That is the substance of the
report. Upon that point I take issue with the re-
port. If the man is disloyal, I maintain that the
[senate has a right to protect itself against him; and
as the facts on the other.side have not been putin,
and as the appointee in his answer indicates that
he can proveliisloyalty,I think the question ought
to go back to the committee that an opportunity
may be afforded for all the evidence in the case, and
when it comes back we may exercise our own judg-
ment as to what the evidence discloses.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand the Senator
to suggest that the matter be referred back to the
committee,and the person claiming the seat be sent
to Oregon at this period of the year to collect his
testimony and bring it before the committee; and
that,in the mean time, Oregon shall be denied her
right to representation upon this floor.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course I make no sugges-
tion of that sort. I only take the evidence as I
find it. I will read from the statement of the claim-
ant for this seat:
" It is due to myself, however, that I should state that I
have examined all the papers referred to by the committee,
and that I find them, without asintrle exception, to emanate
from my bitterest political opponents. While I cannot un-
dertake' to recall all thai I may have said in piivate conver-
sations during the past twelve months of earnest and often
heated discussions of public aifaiis, I do most solemnly de-
clare that in a forinu competent to try and determine the
issue f am able to prove tile allegations against my loyalty
to bo utterly unfounded
Mr. McDOUGALL. Undoubtedly; but does
the Senator demand that he should be required to
bring testimony from Oregon hero, (because, I
suppose, it is to be investigated then as a matter
of fact,) before ho shall be admitted to his seat?
Mr. MORRILL. I would notundertake to pre-
scribe anything; I would simply send this report
back that lie may make any explanation he sees
fit to make to the committee. I suppose the com-
mittee will be reasonable with regaid to that. For
the reasons I h.ivi' stated, I am in favor of recom-
mitting tlie ease.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the credentials
of the Senator elect from Oregon, together with
certain papers which had been forwarded to a
member of the Senate as objections to his taking
a seat as such, were referred to the Committee 011
the Judiciary with the view of obtaining a report
from that committee whether the Senator was en-
titled, on liis credentials, to be qualified as a mem-
ber of this body. The credentials and the papers
have been examined by the committee, and the
committee-has made its report, through the hon-
orable Senator from New York, and now the prop-
osition is to recommit the same credentials and the
same papers to the same committee. It is argued
that the Judiciary Committee by this report has
decided that a traitor is just as well qualified for
admission to membership in this body as a loyal
citizen; that individuals made infamous by the
commission of crime, or convicted of such crimes,
that—by the laws of tlie State or of the United
States, as it may be—they are disqualified from
holding office, are also, by this decision of the
Judiciary Committee, just as eligible members of
this body as though they were honest, loyal, and
upright citizens. Still, sir, the motion is made
to recommit these papers to this same committee,
who, I take occasion to say, has made no such
decision as is asserted. No such question was
submitted to them. Whatever are the faults which
may belong, or that may be charged to belong, to
the Judiciary Committee, they are not, in my ap-
prehension, justly chargeable with undertaking to
decide questions not referred to them. No such
questions as these have been referred to them.
They have decided no such questions. The Sen-
ator from New York has made no intimation that
the committee has decided or attempted to decide
any such question. It certainly would have been
very impertinent for the committee—they must
have traveled out of the record—to investigate
such topics, and make any decision upon them;
and when they do, I may presume for one, having
served in that committee for some time, to assert
that as now constituted theynever will make such
a decision. They have decided the question that
was referred to them, and they have decided noth-
ing else. They may have decided it wrong; that
is quite possible,presumable,perhaps, in the opin-
ion of some Senators; but they have not decided
anything but the question referred. That ques-
tion was not whether a traitor was admissible in
this body as a member; not whether a man con-
victed of infamous crime, and by the laws of his
State or by the laws of the United States dis-
qualified from holding any office, was admissible,
but they have decided that the papers referred to
them touching the right of the gentleman present-
ing himself here as a Senator from Oregon were
not sufficient to exclude him, with his credentials,
from coming forward and taking the oath provided
by the Constitution and laws of the United States.
They have decided that, and that is all they have
decided.
Now gentlemen say that assumes that we de-
cided a disloyal man, a traitor, to be eligible. Mr.
President, it is but a short time ago that an honor-
able Senator now occupying a seat on this floor,
and honoring the seat 1 am happy to say,from the
State of Missouri, [Mr. Wilson,] came hereunder
just such circumstances, and a paper was read to
the Senate which charged that honorable Senator
with disloyalty to the United States of America.
An honorable Senator from the State of Kansas
rose in his place and said he had no doubt that the
gentleman then presenting himself to be qualified
as a Senator ftom the State of Missouri was loyal.
But here was a charge of disloyalty in pretty ex-
press and direct terms. There was some little
debate in regard to what should be done in that
condition of affairs, but the objection was finally
waived, and the Senator came forward and took
the oath.
Did we decide by that, that we admitted a dis-
loyal man ? Did we admit a disloyal man ? No,
Mr. President, but we admitted a man to be sworn
and allowed him to become a member of this body,
who was charged with disloyalty in express terms.
This was said also of the gentleman claiming a
seat as Senator from Oregon, and the question was
referred to the Judiciary Committee. Now the
committee has decided, not that these papers arc
no evidence of disloyalty; they have not decided
the effect or character of the papers any further
than to say that they do not furnish sufficient rea-
son why a man having fair and valid credentials,
as ho has, is not entitled to take the oath of office.
That is all; and if gentlemen cannot see that we
consider the papers in coming to that result, con-
sider their effect upon that question, and yet do
not decide precisely what effect the papers may
have 011 the question as to the right of holding the
seat, it is quite useless for me to argue a distinc-
tion so palpable to my own mind. Gentlemen say
that wc have not considered these papers, and that
we make 110 decision about them. It is not so.
We have examined these papers and do make
a decision about tliem. Do we say they are 110
evidence of disloyalty? No, we do not; but we
say they are not such evidence of disloyalty as
that the person claiming to be a member should,
by reason of them, be disqualified and prevented
from taking his seat. We say that notwithstand-
ing anything there may be in these papers, this
gentleman is, under the Constitution and laws of
the United States, and of the State of Oregon, en-
titled, 011 his credentials, to be qualified to take his
seat.
What are the papers ? They are before the Sen-
ate. They are ex parte affidavits, giving evidence
e.rjra>-(eofconversations.or declarations which the
gentleman from Oregon has made in the hearing
of the affiants. The committee did not think dec-
larations of that sort testified to by individuals not
before the committee, neither we nor the person
implicated having any opportunity to see or ex-
amine the witnesses; wc did not think that bare
ex parte statements of detached conversations were
of that weight and gravity which should exclude
a person having the lawful and constitutional cre-
dentials from taking his oath as a member of this
body. The committee considered that his solemn
oath here was a sufficient answfer to all that was
in these papers, so far forth, at least, as to admit
him to his seat; then the question could be fairly
examined as it regarded the right to hold it.
I,forone,and I think the committee agreed with
me, believed there was some difference between
the power given to us under the Constitution to
expel a member and the power under the Consti-
tution to judge of the qualifications of a member;
and that it would be a perversion of the Consti-
tution to make a question of expulsion a question
of admission. This is, in effect, to expel a mem-
ber by a numerical majority vote, when the Con-
stitution requires a vote of two thirds; when a man
comes with the credentials required by the Con-
stitution and laws, it certainly is some evidence
that he is entitled to his seat on taking the oath;
and if it is any evidence, should it be set aside by
ex parte affidavits, not of acts, not proving that the
individual was a traitor, not claiming to show that
he was in any sense under the ban of his State as
a felon, or under the laws of his State, or under
any law of the United States, disqualified from
holding office, but simply declarations as to his
political partialities or antipathies to the different
sections of the country? The committee did not
view ex parte evidence of that sort as a sufficient
reason to prevent a man from coming forward and
being sworn as a member of this body under the
Constitution. They may be mistaken in that; as
I said in the outset, it is quite possible they are;
but they are not so mistaken as to have decided
that a traitor and a felon are just as good members
of this body as anybody else. They have made
no such decision as that.
Now, I am aware that members insist here that
under these circumstances we may admit a man
who is disloyal, and that we may not be able by
a two-thirds vote to expel him. Well, sir, what
then? It necessarily implies that we have more
than one third of the members of this body who
are disloyal men, men not to be trusted. On that
supposition I repeat we have more than one third
of the members of the body who are disloyal them-
selves; otherwise we could expel a man for dis-
loyalty, if disloyalty is good reason for expelling
a man, which I trust all loyal men believe to be
true. Are Senators prepared to say that we must
by a numerical majority keep out a man suspected
of disloyalty, because, by possibility, we may not
be able to get two thirds to vote him out? Are
we prepared to assume that more than one third
of the body are disloyal and traitors themselves?
If that is true the addition of one more will not
make much difference. If gentlemen choose to
assume that state of facts, they assume a rotten-
ness in this body which the addition of a single
member of like character will very slightly in-
crease.
I do not believe that a numerical majority of
this body was intended by the Constitution to be
a sufficient number to expel a member. I believe
it was intended by the Constitution that a man
coming here with lawful credentials should be
entitled to his seat, I will not say under all sup-
posable circumstances. The Senator from Illinois
alluded to a case which occurred in the State of
New York, where a man was convicted of an
offense which made him ineligible to office. I will
not say that there may not be divers cases where
it may be the duty of the body to prevent a man
who brings lawful credentials from being admitted
to a seat. I am not by any argument, in the pres-
ent posture of this ease, to be forced into any such
false position, because the report made by the
Judiciary Committee has decided no such thing.
All that we have decided is that the evidence be-
fore us, which is before the Senate also, is not
sufficient in our judgment to prevent the member,
having these his lawful credentials, from being
qualified to take his seat as a member of this body.
That we have decided; and that, in my opinion,
we have decided correctly.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is clearly
in the resolution reported by the committee much
uncertainty. It is something like a Delphic ora-
cle. On the lips of one Senator it has one mean-
ing, and on the lips of another Senator it has
another meaning, and yet we are called upon to
vote yea or nay with regard to it. I think all must
find a difficulty here from its very uncertainty.
The resolution in its conclusion is compounded
