1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.April 30,
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, and the
Cbair thinks that is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then with a view to make
it in order and tn remove the original bill, which
is not now under consideration, I will withdraw
the original lull, in order that it may be out of the
way, and the substitute may be treated as the
original bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. That may be done
by unanimous consent, I suppose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope no gentleman will
object.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been referred
to the committee by the House, and it is not in
the power of the committee to lay it aside or with-
draw it.
Mr. SARGENT. It was the understanding of
the committee at the time the substitute novv un-
der consideration was reported, that the original
bill was withdrawn. It was so understood by
the Speaker, and he directed the reading of the
substitute instead of the original bill. It was con-
ceived by the committee that they had the power
to report another bill, and they reported the sub-
stitute which is now under consideration. The
original bill was, in fact, withdrawn by the com-
mittee. We now propose to amend the substi-
tute, which differs only verbally from the original
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
question must be taken on the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa before any further amend-
ment can be offered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is another objection
to the withdrawal of the original bill. I offered
an amendment to the original bill, so that it can-
not be withdrawn.
Mr. SARGENT. I would inquire whether, if
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa shall
be adopted, the section will still be open to amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it
would be.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. In order to get
rid of the original bill, I move the adoption of
the substitute. I believe it will then be open to
amendment, just as it is now, but that it will take
the place of the original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that if
the substitute should be adopted now, it would
not be open to amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Then I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. When this amendment is
disposed of the section will still be open to amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware of
that.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Suppose the amend-
ment is adopted in hac verba, as offered by the
gentleman from Iowa, could we then interpolate
any matter in that amendment so as to change its
effect ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that if
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa is
adopted and made part of the pending substitute,
it will then be open for amendment, and that no
further amendment is in order until the vote is
taken upon that amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Before the vote is taken o
that amendment, I ask the gentleman from low
to modify it so as to include the name of John H.
Bryant, of Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection if the
committee has none.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. WILSON. Then, since the chairman of
the committee has no objection, I accept the mod-
ification.
Mr, CHAMBERLIN. The select committee
will consent to the introduction of the name of
Jesse L. Williams, of Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Mr. WILSON. I accept the modification.
Mr. DAILY. I see that the Territory of Ne-
braska is not represented in the list of directors.
I suggest the names of Gilbert C. Morrill and
Augustus Kountz.
Mr. WILSON. I accept the modification.
Mr. MENZ1ES. I desire that the gentleman
from Iowa shall inset t two names from-Kentucky,
the names of Laban J. Bradford and John D.
Levis.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the gentleman
from Kentucky what I have stated to other gen-
tlemen, who have made similar appeals, that if
the select committee arc satisfied with the inser-
tion of the names proposed, I shall make no ob-
jection, but shall modify my amendment in that
respect.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will accept the amendmentsuggested by the
gentleman from Kentucky. The select commit-
tee has no objection whatever to it.
Mr. WILSON. Then I accept the modifica-
tion.
Mr. SHANKS. The select committee, I be-
lieve, have no objection to the name of Jonas Vo-
taw being inserted.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. Let the name be
inserted in my amendment.
Mr. WILSON further modified his amendment
by the insertion of the name of Franklin S. Ste-
vens, of Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the substi-
tute by striking out the words " Missouri river,
as in this act determined, to San Francisco,"and
to insert in lieu thereof the words one hundred
and second meridian of longitude west from Green-
wich, to the western boundary of Nevada Terri-
tory.'5
1" have already stated the reason why I cannot
go for a bill which authorizes this company t<5
make a road through the States; but if companies
already organized in States shall be authorized to
build the parts of the line within those States, I
shall have no objection to it. My amendment is
intended to strike fiom the bill everything that
gives authority to this company to build the road
through the States on this and the other side of the
Rocky mountains, and to leave the companies
already organized in the States to make the road
through those States. This amendment will,
therefore, do away with the constitutional objec-
tion to this bill, which, I admit, is a serious one,
and may affect many minds unless we forget all
our old lessons. I hope there will be no objection
to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The amendment presented by
the gentleman fioru Pennsylvania will allow us ix
test vote between the two principles that have
been proposed for adoption—that js, whether the
bill shall be formed on the basis of the original
bill, which includes all the companies in Kansas,
Iowa, Colorado, and California, and which au-
thorizes them to construct the road, or whether
one company shall be authorized to construct it.
The objection made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania would certainly apply to no other por-
tion of the road than tiiat which passes through
the State of Kansas, if the objection be good ut
all. The bill does not propose to authorize this
company to construct a road through the State
of Missouri; it authorizes it to construct two
branches, one from the western boundary of the
State of Iowa, through Nebraska, another from
the western boundary of Missouri, through Kan-
sas. The objection, therefore, would only apply
to so much of the road as might be constructed
through the State of Kansas.
Mr. STEVENS. And California.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand that the
substitute proposes to give the company authority
to build the road through California.
Mr. STEVENS. All the way through to San
Francisco.
Mr. WILSON. The substitute, as I under-
stand, proposes to give the California company
power to construct that portion of the road.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. The amendment
which the gentleman himself [Mr. Wilson] pro-
poses is, that the road shall be built by this com-
pany to San Francisco.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to modify my
amendment so as to give the company in Cali-
fornia power to construct their part of the road;
but I do not see the necessity of applying the same
principle to that portion of the road winch is to
run through the Territory. The amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
apply to the Territories as well as to the States.
Mr. STEVENS, it provides that the company
shall have authority only over the Territories.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the gentleman
to favor the oiiginal proposition reported by the
committee; that is, to confer on the several com-
panies named in the bill the authority to construct
this road.
Mr. STEVENS. As far as the States go.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman will confine
his amendment in that regard to the companies in
States, I do not know that I shall have any ob-
jection to it.
Mr. STEVENS. That is my intention; and I
believe that that is the effect of my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the gentleman to
say that he intended to confer on some company
in Nevada the authority.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I call for the read-
ing of the amendment. I do not understand this
colloquy.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. WILSON. That is a very material mod-
ification of the amendment which the gentleman
first proposed.
The question being on Mr. Steyens's amend-
ment,
Mr. PHELPS, of California, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps, of
California, and Olin w&re appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish to offer an
amendment which I think to be of the very high-
est importance to this measure. It is a twofold
amendment, but I desire to have them taken to-
gether.
The amendments were read, as follows:
After the word k£ Nebraska," insert the words "together
with live commissioners to he appointed byjhe Secretary of
tbeluteiioi." After the word" possession,-'in the eighty-
fourth line, m«ert ns follow* : " at the time of the first and
each triennial election of directors by the stockholder?, two
additional ilirectois shall he appointed by the Secietary of
the lutciioi, who shall act with tne bodv ot d life tor*., to he
denominated dneetors on the pan of the Government; any
vacancy happening in the Government dnectois at any
time, may be filled by the tfeeretaiy of the hiterioi."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana can offer but one amendment at a time.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Then, take the first
amendment. I think it is of the very first import-
ance that the Government should be represented
in this enterprise. 1 have always thought that the
grant by the Government to the company should
be almost in the nature of a bonus, and that the
freights and tariff should be so fixed on this road
as thatit should only pay a dividend on the amount
of private stock necessary to be added to that con-
tributed by the Government to build the road.
Otherwise, the great West could not transport her
cereal products to the Pacific coast, and probably
no through freight would be transported either
way, except it was of a precious character. In a
word, the road should be so constructed as that
through freight should be carried at a low figure,
leaving the local freight to be charged for as on
other roads. In order to do this, it should not be
in the hands of half a dozen companies. This bill
proposes to trust the building of parts of this road
to companies that have not shown capacity to
build their own roads, even with the large grants
of land made to them—to compainies of which
this House knows nothing at all. The amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens]—not to satisfy his own scruples,
but to satisfy the scruples of States, not one of
which is lepresented hero—would take this road
out of the hands of the company created by the
bill, and put it into the hands of individual com-
panies in different States.
I desire the Government to be represented. I
have no constitutional scruples on the subject.
Before any board of directors is organized, there
must be $2,000,000 of stock subscribed. That
may or may not be subscribed. It will depend
on the confidence which the public may have in
the work. This first board of directors will have
the making up of the road, and will be in power
until they are succeeded by the- regularly elected
hoard of'directors. I desire that the Government
shall be represented in this board of corporators;
and if this amendment shall be agreed to, I think
it will be then proper and desiiable that the Gov-
ernment shall be represented in the board of di-
rectors, who arc to be constituted by the stock-
holders as a permanent board. I think it is no
more than riiiht, and I do not think it can be lia-
ble to any constitutional objection on the part of
the most scrupulous and tender-footed gentleman
upon this subject.
