1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
If the House shall determine to insert such a
provision, inasmuch as the section provides that
no person shall be a member of the board of di-
rectors who is not a stockholder, and as it is de-
sirable that any representative of the Government
in that board shall not be personally interested in
the road, I shall then propose to amend so as to
provide that these representatives shall not be
stockholders. I think the interest of the Govern-
ment in the millions it will have invested in the
road requires that it should be represented in the
board of directors who are to be constituted. But
more than that, there is to be a continental busi-
ness and commerce connected with the road which
the Government should have something to say in
the regulation of.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. It seems to me the gentle-
man from Indiana is very far from understanding
thi^ bill from the manner in which he ventilates
his ideas upon it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I have not had time
to read it. %
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Indiana
acknowledges that he has not read the bill, and
yet lie has made three or four speeches upon the
bill since the committee has been m session to-day.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I mean I have not
read the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. The fact is that the Gov-
ernment is not a stockholder but a creditor of this
Pacific Railroad Company. The bill provides for
the repayment of the money to be advanced by
the Government to the last cent; and they have
no right to direct, in the first place, what provis-
ion shall be made for repaying them for the money
advanced to build the road, and then to say that
they shall also supervise the expenditure of the
money itself, and not merely the money advanced
by the Government, but that which is paid out of
the piivate pockets of the stockholders. I say
that is going very far in our interference with the
affairs of this company.
There is no objection to my mind to the amend-
ment which the gentleman now proposes, but 1
am very much opposed to the second amendment,
which he indicates that he will offer. The gen-
tleman, however, is mistaken in-supposing that
these corporators are Iq mark out the route on
which the road is to be built. They have no power
except to organize the company. When that is
done all future proceedings are to be under the
supervision of the stockholders, who are to con-
tribute their own private means to build the road.
They are to contribute some $200,000,000, while
the Government only proposes to advance some
£50,000,000. It is from private capital that the
road is mainly to be built, and it is private per-
sons only who are to be the stockholders. Is it
right, then, to place the interests of these stock-
holders in the hands of irresponsible agents,whom
the Government may appoint?
For these reasons, sir, I am opposed to the
amendment which the gentleman indicates, that
the Governmentshall be represented in the board
of directors, though I have no objection to the
amendment which he now offers, that it shall be
represented in the board of corporators who are
to organize the company. I think it would be a
very good idea.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I now submit the
second amendment indicated by me in respect to
the Government being lepresented in the board of
d motors.
I will take this opportunity to say that it is very
true that this bill does provide for the repayment of
I hes<>ad vancesby the Government. Thegentleman
from California lays stress on his objection espe-
cially upon that fact, and for that reason he ob-
jects to providingforGovernmentdirectors. Now,
sir, 1 contend that, although this bill provides for
the repayment of the money advanced by the
Government, it is not expected that a cent of the
money will ever be repaid. If the committee in-
truded that it should be repaid, they would have
lequired it to be paid out of the gross earnings of
the road, as is done with the roads in Missouri,
Iowa,and other States, nnd not the net earnings.
There is not perhaps one company in a hundred
wlnue the roads are most prosperous that has any j
net at all. I undertake to say that not a ccnt of ;
these advances will ever be repaid, nor do I think I
it desirable that they should be repaid. Tins road [
is to be the highway of the n'ation, and we ought
to take care that the rates provided shall be mod-
erate. I think, therefore, that this will turn out a
mere bonus to the Pacific rail road, as it ought to be.
The Government, then, ought to be considered
as having an interest in the road, and it should
have a voice in the management of its affairs.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana to provide
for the appointment of two directors on the part
of the Government. 1 have no objection to that
amendment, if the gentleman will modify it so
that these directors shall be appointed by the Pres-
ident.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I have no objection
to that modification, and will accept it. I modify
my amendment so as to make these directors to
be appointed by the President, instead of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With that modification I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I see no objection
that can bo urged to it. It seems to me a proper
precautionary measure.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. There is another
amendment entirely germane that should be made
to that clause which provides that no person shall
be a director of the company unless he be a stock-
holder, so as to make it read that no person shall
be elected a director by the stockholders unless
he be a stockholder.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest that the
gentleman will accomplish his purpose by simply
inserting the words " except two to be appointed
by the Government."
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I will make my
motion in that form.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend, in the ab-
sence of the gentleman from Kansas, by inserting
in the list of corporators the name of" John Kerr
of Kansas.55 if there is anybody here from Kan-
sas, he knows Mr. Kerr to be a highly respectable
banker at Leavenworth.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I trust that the
name of Daniel J. Morreli of Pennsylvania, which
was in the bill reported in the last Congress by
Mr. Curtis, will be inserted as a corporator in
this bill. I make that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think the committee have
probably gone far enough in this direction; but in-
asmuch as this gentleman was in the bill of the last
session, and my colleague knows him to be an
experienced man, I have no objection to his name
being inserted. I trust, however, that the com-
mittee will see the propriety of making no further
extension of the list of corporators.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I move to add after the name just
inserted, that of "Samuel R. Campbell, of New
York." He is a gentleman of great experience
in railroad matters.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the commit-
tee to restore the name of Mr. LTIommedieu. It
will be seen that the State of Ohio has only three
corporators named, while almost every other State
has four.
Mr. GCJRLEY. I hope that motion will pre-
vail. I was not aware that that name had been
dropped.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will only say that
every one at all familiar with railroads in the
West, knows Mr. L'Hommedieul.o be a man of
great intelligence and experience, especially in
railroad matters.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I presume both
gentlemen will concur in the testimony I gave to
the capacity of Mr. Clement.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I most certainly
do.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the purpose is
to have another corporator from Ohio, 1 shall not
now quariel about it. 1 have said all that i de-
sire to sav at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that the nam'* of Mr. L'Hommedicu was stricken
out of the original bill. It still remains in the
su bstitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Chair states correctly,
that this name was stricken out of the original
bill. It is true, however, also, that the name was
not inserted in the substitute for the first section
proposed by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son.]
Mr. SARGENT. 'I think by moving a sub-
stitute, embracing the names of William H. Clem-
ent and S. L'Hommcdieu, the difficulty which
seems to have arisen here would be obviated.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I accept the gen-
tleman's suggestion; and move that substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert the name of Henry H. Baxter, of Vermont.
He is a very competent man, and in any division
of spoils under this bill I know that he will be
able to take particular care of No. I.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont.
If Mr. Baxter's name is to be inserted here upon
the ground that there ai;e any spoils to be divided,
he is not the proper person to be included in this
bill. But it is only out of respect to my friend
from Vermont that I withdraw my objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. Is it in order to include 111 the
first section of this bill the appendix to the census
report, which contains the names of the heads of
families in the United States?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. WOOD. I move to insert, after the name
of Mr. Secor, the name of John Anderson, of New
York city. He is a man of wealth and of the
highest character.
Mr. SARGENT. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from New York. No particular
piivileges are granted to the gentlemen named in
this bill. They will have some hard work to do,
and without pay, because there is no means to
provide for paying them f* r the organization of
this company. It is not a desirable position. If,
however, we burden this bill with a large number
of the names of those who cannot attend the meet-
ings of this board of commissioners we will make
an unwieldy body, and defeat the very object
which wc have in view.
The committee are opposed to the addition of
any moie names from the State of New York.
There are now in the bill more names from the
State of New York than any other State. We are
well aware that a large amount of the capital for
building this road will come from that State, and
for that reason, sir, the committee gave to that
State a large number of those who are to meet in
the organization of this company for the building
of this Pacific railroad. We have gone as far as
could be expected of us in giving names to the
State of New York. As it is a position of no
emolument, and wh^ch no man can desire unless
he takes an active interest in carrying out the ob-
jects of the bill, I think we have gone far enough
in adding names. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will be rejected.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Anderson, whose name I
have moved to insert, is a gentleman of great
wealth, of large experience in railroad matters,
and one of the most public-spirited citizens of the
city of New York. His name, sir, I feel assured
would give great strength to this proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my amendment, and
move to strike out the name of Isaac Sherman,
and in lieu thereof to insert the name of John
Anderson, of New York.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would ask the gentleman
from New York whether this John Anderson is
the "John Anderson, my Jo John," so much
sung about ? [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. He is one of the largest and most
celebrated tobacco merchants in the United States.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LAW. I move to strike out the name of
Jesse L. Williams, and in lieu thereof to insert
the name of William D. Griswold, the president
of the Alton and St. Louis Railroad Company.
Ho is n man of high character and of large prop-
erty, and I hope that his name will be inserted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope, after what my col-
leage has said, that he will add, that everything
he lias said in favoi of Mr. Gnswold will apply
with equal force to Mr. Williams, of Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman Uom In-
diana has moved an amendment to a proposition
