1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
both of law and of fact. It seems to me that it
would have been better had the two been kept
apart; had the conclusion been so expressed m
order that to vote yea or nay upon it, we should
not be called to affirm a constitutional proposition
with regard to which there may be no doubt
mixed with facts with regard to which there may
be a great deal of doubt.
The Senator from New Hampshire proposes
to meet this case by a reference of the resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary a second time.
Should we come to a vote upon that motion, I
shall vote for it; but it seems to me it is important
that before we reach that state of the question, we,
by an amendment, make the proposition of tho
committee clear and intelligible and beyond ques-
tion, so that when we vote upon it, yea or nay,
we may know precisely what we vote upon, and
if any record is made of our proceedings the record
may be plain, and it may not be double.
To that end I propose to move this amendment:
to strike out the words, "is entitled to take the
constitutional oath of office," and insert, "and
now charged by affidavits with disloyalty to the
Government of the United States, is not entitled
to take the constitutional oath of office, without a
previous in vestigation into the truth of the charge
so that the resolution will read as follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark of Oregon, appointed a
Senator of that State by the Governor thereof, and now
charged by affidavits with disloyalty to the Government of
tho United States, is not entitled to take the constitutional
oath of office, without a previous investigation into the truth
of the charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read the resolution as it
stands now.
Mr. SUMNER. It is:
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark of Oregon, appointed a
Senatoi of that State by the Governor thereof, is entitled to
take tho constitutional oath of office.
J am obliged to theSenatorforcallingattention
to it. That is preceded by a very brief introduc-
tory sentence, as follows:
" The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were referred
the credentials of Benjamin Stark, as a Senator from the
State of Oregon, with tile accoinpan} ing papers, have had
the same under consideiation, and without expiessing any
opinion as to the effect of the papers before them, upon any
subsequent proceedings in the case, report the following
resolution."
Of course, these very words introduced into this
report, "without expressing any opinion as to the
effect of the papers before them upon any subse-
quent proceedings in the case," open the door to
a future inquiry, or at least they suggest that a
future inquiry, after the applicant has been admit-
ted to take the oath, will be proper and conform-
able to the Constitution. Now, sir, I think the
inquiry should be made here at the threshold,
and I must say I have been astonished in listening
to Senators who have suggested that the charge
of disloyalty was one that could not be considered
at this stage of the proceedings. In the remarks
that I had the honor of making, I presumed to say
that the qualification of loyalty was first and fore-
most. What, sir, is the qualification of age, the
qualification of citizenship, the qualification of in-
habitancy; what are these but mere qualifications,
if I may so say, of form, while the qualification
of loyalty goes directly to the substance? If an
applicant here is disloyal, or if there is reasonable
ground to believe him to be disloyal, it seems to me
that, under the Constitution of the United States,
he should not bo admitted to this body until the
question of his loyalty has been sifted, and until
we have all reached a satisfactory conclusion on
that point. Is he to be fdlo^ved to go up to that
desk and take the oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, when you have yourta-
ble groaning with papers testifying that that oath,
when taken by him, is, perhaps, valueless ? I call
attention to that precise point. I wish the Sena-
tor from Virginia would bring his clear intellect
to that precise point. The Senator admits that
there may be an inquiry as to age, as to citizen-
ship, as to inhabitancy; but oh! no, there can be
no inquiry as to loyalty, though the Constitution
of the United States has expressly put loyalty
under the safeguard of an oath.
Mr. CARLILE. I think the Senator misun-
derstood me; I did not deny the power of the ;
Senate to inquire into loyalty. I concur with the j
Senator that if the Senate lias the power to ex- I
elude the gentleman claiming the scat, it should !
exercise it now. I hold that after an admission
to his seat, we can only expel him for conduct un- !
becoming a Senator after he has been appointed.
If we have the power; if we are not precluded, in
other words—and that is a question on which my
opinion is not formed—from examining into the
question of loyalty, this is the proper time to de-
cide it. But has it not been settled in the eye of
the Constitution by the appointing power, and are
we not thereby precluded ? That is the difficult
question with me. If we have the power, it is for
us to determine it now. I concur entirely with
the Senator in that.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator assumes that
the question is settled by the appointing power.
Is the question in regard to age settled by the ap-
pointing power? Is the question with regard to
citizenship-settled by the appointing power? Is
the question with regard to inhabitancy settled
by the appointing power? No, sir; the applicant
may come here with his credentials as to age, as
to citizenship, as to inhabitancy; but they do not
cut us off from going into the inquiry; nor can
these credentials cut us off from going into the
much graver inquiry as to his loyalty. Nor should
the Senate submit to make itself a party to a trans-
action like that, where an applicant shall come
into this Chamber and be allowed to go up to the
desk and take an oath to support the Constitution
in the face of positive affidavits to the effect that he
is a disloyal man.
I speak strongly on this proposition, because I
have no doubt about it. It seems to me so clear
that there is hardly room for argument. To ad-
duce authorities, to adduce illustrations, seems to
me superfluous. I might as well go to the astron-
omer at the observatory to get a certificate-that
there is light. Light enters the Chamber, and we
arc all enjoying it; and so it seems to me that on
this matter the truth is so clear, so obvious, so
utterly beyond question, that I cannot forbear to
express myself strongly upon it.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand the Senator to
assume this ground, and I desire to know if I am
correct in it, that the Senate, in looking to the
qualifications of a person applying for a seat on
this floor, are notconfined,not limited to the con-
sideration of the qualifications mentioned in the
Constitution, but can go beyond them.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
just the reverse. I have stated two or three times
to-day that the first qualification by the Constitu-
tion of the United States is loyalty. Then come
the qualifications which the Senator seems unable
to forget, of age, citizenship, and inhabitancy;
but first and foremost is the qualification of loy-
alty, because that qualification is put under the
safeguard of an oath. The Constitution does not
simply say in so many terms that the applicant
who comes here with his credentials shall be loyal;
but it goes so far as to require that he shall come
to the desk, and, before lie takes his seat, shall
swear to support the Constitution of the United
States. That is my argument; that is my com-
plete answer to the suggestion of the Senator from
Virginia; and when the genator in his remarks
some time ago intimated that there was danger
from applying the rule as I suggested, I must say
that I am at a loss to conceive where and how
there is danger in this body in saying that an oath
administered under its own eyes is administered
to a man who is in a frame of mind to take that
oath. Is there any danger in that? I am at a loss
to seo it.
I said that I perhaps speak strongly on this, be-
cause I feel clearly upon it: but at the same time
allow me to say that I have no opinion to express
upon the facts. When I commenced the discus-
sion to-day, I made the same remark. It is my
earnest hope that the claimant for this seat, when
the facts come to be examined, will be able to
purge himself and show that ho is a loyal citizen.
Meanwhile, I do not wish to prejudge him; X have
not prejudged him; I have come to no conclusion
on the facts of his case; but I have come to a per-
fect, fixed, and irreversible conclusion on the duty
of the Senate at this moment, at the threshold,
to enter into this inquiry, and to ascertain on the
facts whether he is loyal or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the chair.) Will the Senator indulge the Chair
one moment? The question before the Senate was,
just now, upon the motion of the Senator from |{
New Hampshire, to recommit the resolution re- !j
ported by the Judiciary Committee. As I under- I:
stand the Senator from Massachusetts, he moves
now to amend that resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume it will be in order
to make my amendment before the question is put
on the motion to recommit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
under the impression that the merits of the reso-
lution were not before the Senate; but by unani- '
mous consent perhaps the amendment may be
entertained. It is with great diffidence that the.
Chair submits its own view.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will allow this amendment to
come in. There can be very little object in com-
mitting this case to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. It is manifest that the Committee on the
Judiciary can accomplish very little by having the
case before it again. The testimony is all pub-
lished. Now, here is a motion made by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts which brings the Senate
to a direct vote upon the question whether at this
stage of the proceeding it is proper to have refer-
ence to these charges of disloyalty. His amend-
ment is that the gentleman who has been appointed
a Senator by the Governor of Oregon, and who is
charged by affidavits with disloyalty to the Uni-
ted States, is not entitled to take his seat without
an investigation into the truth of the charges. If
the Senate adopts that amendment, we can con-
sifter the testimony and decide the case, and I
think we might as well decide it in the Senate. I
was very desirous myself to take the case up upon
the testimony, and decide it all at once, but 1 was
overruled by the majority of the committee, and
of course I had to acquiesce in what the majority
decided. If it is re-referred, we shall only have
the case back again; but if this amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts be not adopted, if the
Senate votes not to incorporate that as part of the
resolution, then the question will come up upon
the resolution as it is, the member will be sworn
in, and that will be the end of the case.
I hope that the Senator from New Hampshire
will not insist upon his motion to recommit, at
any rate at this stage of the proceeding, but will
let this motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
to amend the resolution be voted upon. I think
that will put the case ina condition where we may
decide it finally, for I confess that I exceedingly
regret that we should have to discuss this abstract
question in the shape in which it is now presented.
The Senatorfrom Connecticut [Mr. Foster] does
not consider it as an abstract question 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave way for the Chair
to say something; but I do not think I ought to be
asked to give way for Senators who have general
remarks to make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senatorfrom Maine
claims the floor I do not wish it; but I wanted to
get in this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators may talk that
over and agree upon it between themselves, while
I submit a very few remarks.
I should not say anything about this subject,
Mr. President, had it not been that the original
papers in this case, which have been printed, were
placed in my hands, and in pursuance of my duty
1 laid them before the Senate, and submitted a mo-
tion that they be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with the credentials of the gentleman
claiming to be a Senator. That course was adopted
by the Senate, and we now have a report from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
in urging that course upon the Senate, I used
pietty strong language with reference to the con-
tents of the papers submitted. They impressed
me with very great force as showing a disposition
on the part of the gentleman not consistent with
his duties as a Senator, and I therefore thoughtit
advisable that the matter should be investigated.
I confess that I had great doubts whether the Sen-
ator ought not to be admitted to take the oath,
notwithstanding the character of the papers; but I
came finally to the conclusion upon which I acted.
If I recollect aright, I said at that time that if the
evidence which I then submitted had been pre-
sented with regard to a Senator occupying a seat
in the body, they would form, in my judgment,
sufficient ground on which to expel him. What
I meant to say—I do not remember now how I
worded it—was that if a person holding the high
position of a Senator, with all its responsibilities,
should ffive utterance to language such as is testi-
fied to here, it would, in my judgment, form suf-
