1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3H
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
a rectifier, the number of barrels he designs to rec-
tify; if a peddler, whether he designs to travel on
foot, or with one, two, or more horses; if an inn-
keeper, the yearly rental of the house and prop-
erty to be occupied for said purpose*, or, if not
rented, the assistant assessor shall value the same.
All of which facts shall be returned duly certified by
such assistant assessor, both to the assessor and
collector of the district; and thereupon, upon pay-
ment to the collector or deputy collector of the
district the amount as hereinafter provided, such
collector or deputy collector shall make out and
deliver a license for such trade or occupation,
which license shall continue in force for one year,
at the place or premises described therein.
Sec . 59. Andbeitfartker enacted,That ifany per-
son or persons shall exercise or carry on any trade
or business hereinafter mentioned for the exercis-
ing or carrying on of which trade or business a
license is required by this act, without taking out
such license as is in that behalf required, he, she,
or they shall, for every such offense, respectively,
forfeit a penalty equal to three times the amount
of the duty or sum of money imposed for such
license, one moiety thereof to the use of the Uni-
ted States, the other moiety to the use of the per-
son who, if a collector, shall first discover, and if
other than a collector, shall first give information
of the fact whereby said forfeiture was incurred.
Sec. 60. And be it further enacted, That in every
license to be taken out under or by authority of
this act shall be contained and set forth the pur-
pose, trade, or business for which such license is
granted, and the true name and place of abode of
the person or persons talcing out the same; if for
a rectifier, the quantity of spirits authorized to be
rectified; if by a peddler, whether authorized to
travel on foot, or with one, or two, or more horses,
the time for which such license is to run,and the
true date or time of granting such license, and—
except in the case of auctioneers and peddlers—
the place at which the trade or business for which
such license is granted shall be carried on: Pro-
vided, That a license granted under this act shall
not authorize the person or persons, association
or corporation mentioned therein, to exercise or
carry on the trade or business specified in such
license in any other place than that mentioned
therein, but nothing herein contained shall pro-
hibit the storage of goods, wares, or merchandise
in other places than the place of business.
Sec. 61. Andbeit further enacted, That in every
case where more than one of the pursuits, em-
ployments, or occupations hereinafter described,
shall be pursued or carried on in the same place
by the same person at the same time, except as
therein mentioned, license must be taken out for
each according to the rates severally prescribed.
Sec. 62. And be it further enacted, That no auc-
tioneer shall be authorized by virtue of his license
as such auctioneer to sell any goods or other prop-
erty at private sale; and if any such person shall
sell any such goods or commodities, as aforesaid,
otherwise than by auction, without having taken
out such license as aforesaid for that purpose, he
or she shall he subject and liable to the penalty
in that behalf imposed upon persons dealing in
or retailing, trading, or selling any such goods or
commodities without lice use, notwithstanding any
license to him or her before granted, as aforesaid,
for the purpose of exercising or carrying on the
trade or business of an auctioneer, or selling any
goods or chattels, lands, tenements, or heredita-
ments by auction, anything herein contained to
the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always,
That where such goods or commodities as afore-
said are the property of any person or persons
duly licensed to deal in or retail, or trade in, or
sell the same, such person or persons having made
lawful entry of his, her, or their house or prem-
ises for such purpose, it shall and may be lawful
for any person exercising or canymg on the trade
or business of an auctioneer, or selling any goods
or chattels, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,
by auction as aforesaid, being duly licensed ioi
that purpose, to sell such goods or commodities
as aforesaid, at auction, for and on behalf of such
person or persons, and upon his, her, or their
entered house or premises, without taking out a
separate license for such sale. The provisions ot
this section shall not apply to judicial or execu-
tive officers making- auction sales by virtue of anj
judgment or decree of any court, nor public sales
made by executors and administrators.
Sec. 63. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That upon
the death of any person or persons licensed under
or by virtue of this act, or upon the removal of
any such person or persons from the house or
premises at which he, she, or they were author-
ized by such license to exercise or carry on the
trade or business mentioned in such license, it
shall and may be lawful for the person or persons
authorized to grant licenses to authorize and em-
power, by indorsement on such license, or other-
wise, as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall direct, the executors or administrators, or
the wife or child of such deceased peison, or the
assignee or assigns of such person or persona so
removing as aforesaid, who shall be possessed of
and occupy the house or premises before used for
such purpose as aforesaid, in like manner to ex-
ercise or carry on the same trade or business men-
tioned in such license, in or upon the same house
or premises at which such person or persons as
aforesaid deceased, or removing as before men-
tioned, by virtue of such license to him, her, or
them, in that behalf granted, before exercised or
carried on such trade or business for or during
the residue of the term for which such license was
originally granted, without taking out any fresh
license or payment of any additional duty, or any
fee thereupon for the residue of such term, and
until expiration thereof: Provided always, That a
fresh entry of the premises at which such trade or
business shall conti nue to be so exercised or carried
on as aforesaid shall thereupon be made by and in
the name or names of the person or persons to
whom such authorityasaforesaid shall be granted.
Sec. 64. Jlnd be it further enacted, That on and
after the first day of August, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, for each license granted the sura
herewith stated shall be respectively and annually
paid. Any number of persons carrying on such
business m copartnership may transact such busi-
ness at such place under such license, and not
otherwise.
1. Bankers shall pay one hundred dollars for
each license. Every person shall be deemed a
banker within the meaning of this act who keeps
a place of business where credits are opened in
favor of any person, firm, or corporation, by the
deposit or collection of money or currency, and
the same, or any part thereof, shall be paid out
or remitted upon the draft, check, or order of such
creditor, but not to include incorporated banks or
other banks legally authorized to isSue notes as
circulation, nor agents for the sale of merchandise
for account of producers or manufacturers.
2. Auctioneers shall pay twenty dollars for each
license. Every person shall be deemed an auction-
eer within the meaning of this act whose occupa-
tion it is to offer property for sale to the highest
or best bidder.
3. Wholesale dealers in liquors of any and every
description, including distilled spirits, fermented
liquors, and wines of all kinds, shall pay one hun-
dred dollars for each license. Every person, other
than the distiller, or brewer, who shall sell, or
offer for sale, any such liquors or wines in quan-
tities of more than three gallons at one time, to
the same purchaser, shall be regarded as a whole-
sale dealer in liquors within the meaning of this
a°4. Retail dealers in liquors, including distilled
spirits, fermented liquors, and wines of every de-
scription, shall pay twenty dollars for each license.
Every person who shall sell or offer for sale such
liquors in less quantities than three gallons at one
time, to the same purchaser, shall be regarded as
a retail dealer in liquors under this act. But tins
shall not authorize any spirits, liquors, wines, or
malt liquors to be drank on the premises.
5. Retail dealers shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Every person whose business or occu-
pation is to sell or offer to sell groceries, or any
goods, wares, or merchandise, of fotcign oi do-
mestie production, in less quantities than a whole
original piece or package at one time, to the same
person, (not including wines, spirituous or malt
liquors, but not excluding drugs, medicines,
cigars, snuff, or tobacco,) shall be regarded as a
retail dealer under this act.
6 Wholesale dealeis shall pay fifty dollars lor
each license. Every person whose business or
occupation is to sell, or offer to sell, groceries, or
any goods, wares, or merchandise, of foreign or
domestic production, by one or more original
package or piecc at one time, to the same pur-
chaser, not including wines, spirituous or malt
Iicjuors, shall be deemed a wholesale dealer under
this act; but having taken out a license as a whole-
sale dealer, such person may also sell, as afore-
said, as a retailer.
7. Pawnbrokers shall pay fifty dollars for each
license. Every person whose business or occu-
pation is to take or receive, by way of pledge,
pawn, or exchange, any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, or any kind of personal property what-
ever, for the repayment or security of money lent
thereon, shall bo deemed a pawnbroker under this
act.
8. Rectifiers shall pay twenty-five dollars for
each license to rectify any quantity of spirituous
liquors, not exceeding five hundred barrels or
casks, containing not more than forty gallons to
each barrel or cask of liquor so rectified; and
twenty-five dollars additional for each additional
five hundred such barrels, or any fractional part
thereof. Every person who rectifies, purifies, or
refines spirituous liquors or wines by any process,
or mixes distilled spirits, whisky, brandy, gin,
or wine with any other materials for sale under
the name of whisky, rum, brandy, gin, wine, or
any other name or names, shall be regarded as a
rectifier under this act.
9. Distillers shall pay fifty dollars for each li-
cense, and every person or copartnership who dis-
tills or manufactures spirituous liquors for sale,
shall be deemed a distiller under this act: Pro-
vided, Thatany person or copartnership distilling
or manufacturing less than three hundred barrels
per year shall pay twenty-five dollars for a li-
cense: And provided farther, That no license shall
be required for any still, stills, or other apparatus
used by druggists and chemists for the recovery
of alcohol for pharmaceutical and chemical pur-
poses which has been used in those processes!
Jlnd provided further, That distillers of apples and
peaches, distilling or manufacturing less than one
hundred and fifty barrels per year from the same,
shall pay twelve and one half dollars for a license
for that purpose, and for a greater quantity as
other distillers.
10. Brewers shall pay fifty dollars for each li-
cense. Every person who manufactures fermented
liquors of any name or description, for sale, front
malt, wholly or in part, shall be deemed a brewer
under this act: Provided, That any person who
manufactures less than five hundred barrels per
year shall pay the sum of twenty-five dollars for
a license.
11. Hotels, inns, and taverns shall be classified
and rated according to the yearly rental, or, if not
rented, according to the estimated yearly rental
of the. house and property intended to be occupied
for said purposes, as follows, to wit: All cases
where the rent or the valuation of the yearly ren-
tal of said house and property shall be ten thousand
dollars or more shall constitute the first class, and
shall pay two hundred dollars for each license;
where the rent or the valuation of the yearly rental
shall be five thousand dollars and less than ten thou-
sand dollars, the second class, and shall pay one
hundred dollars for each license; where the rent or
the valuation of the yearly rental shall be twenty-
five hundred dollars and less than five thousand
dollars, the third class, and shall pay seventy-five
dollars for each license; where the rent or the
valuation of the yearly rental shall be one thou-
sand dollars and less than twenty-five, hundred
dollars, the fourth class, and shall pay fifty dol-
lars for each license; where the rent or the val-
uation of the yearly rental shall he five hundred
dollars and less than one thousand dollars, the
fifth class, and shall pay twenty-five dollars for
each license; where the rent or the valuation of
the yearly rental shall be three hundred dollars and
less than five hundredtflollars, the sixth class, and
shall pay fifteen dollars for each license; where
the relit or the valuation of the yearly rental shall
be one hundred dollars and less than three hun-
dred dollars, the seventh class, and shall pay tea
dollars for each license; where the rent or the val-
uation of the yearly rental shall he less than one
hundred dollars, the eighth class, and shall pay
five dollar* for each license. Every place where
