372
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July I,
31m Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
food and lodging1 are provided for and furnished
to travelers and sojourners, in view of payment
therefor, shall be regarded as a hotel, inn, or tav-
ern under this act. All steamers and vessels upon
waters of the United States, on board of which
passengers or travelers are provided with food or
lodging, shall be required to take out a license of
the fifth class, as aforesaid, under this act. The
rental or estimated rental shall be fixed and es-
tablished by the assessor of the proper district
at its proper value, but at not less than the actual
rent agreed on by the parties: Provided, That if
there be any fraud or collusion in the return of
actual rent to the assessor, there shall be a penalty
equal to double the amount of licenses required
by this section, to be collected as other penalties
under this act are collected.
12. Eating-houses shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Every place wheie food or refreshments
of any kind are provided for casual visitors and
sold for consumption therein, shall be regarded
asan eating-house under this act. But the keeper
of any eating-house having taken out a license
therefor shall not be required to take out a license
as a confectioner, anything in this act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
13. Brokers shall pay fifty dollars for each li-
cense. Any person whose business is to purchase
or sell stocks, coined money, bank notes, or other
securities for themselves or others, or who deals
in exchanges relating to money, shall be regarded
a broker under this act.
14. Commercial brokers shall pay fifty dollars
for each license. Any person or firm, except one
holding a license as wholesale dealer or banker,
whose business it is, as the agent of others, to
purchase or sell goods, or seek orders therefor, in
original or unbroken packages or produce, or to
manage business matters for the owners of ves-
sels, or for the shippers or consignor of freight
carried by vessels, or whose business it is to pur-
chase, rent, or sell real estate for others, shall be
regarded u commercial broker under this act.
15. Land warrant brokers shall pay twenty-five
dollars for each license. Any person shall be re-
garded as aland warrant broker within the mean-
ing of this act who makes a business of buying
and selling laud warrants, and of furnishing them
to settlers or other persons under contracts to have
liens upon the land procured by means of them
according to the value agrerd on for the warrants
at the time they are furnished.
1G. Tobacconists shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Any person whose business it is to sell,
at retail, cigars, snuff, or tobacco in any form,
shall be regarded a tobacconist under this act. But
wholesale and tetail dealers, and keepers of hotels,
inns, taverns, having taken out a license therefor,
shall not be required to take out a license as to-
bacconists, anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
17. Theaters shall pay one hundred dollars for
each license. Every edifice erected for the purpose
of draftatic or operatic representations, plays, or
performances, and not including halls rented or
used occasionally for concerts or theatrical repre-
sentations, shall be regarded as a theater under
this act.
18. Circuses shall pay fifty dollars for each li-
cense. Every building, tent, space, or area where
feats of horsemanship or acrobatic sports are ex-
hibited, shall be regarded as a circus under this act.
19. Juggleis shall pay for each license twenty
dollars. Every person who performs by sleight
of hand shall be regarded as a juggler under this
act. The proprietors or agents of ail other pub-
lic exhibitions or shows for money, not enumer-
ated in this section, shall pay for each license ten
dollars: Provided, That no license procured in one
State shall be held to authorize exhibitions in an-
other State; and but one license shall be required
under this act to authorize exhibitions within any.
one State.
20. Bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms shall pay
according to the number of alleys or tables be-
longing to or used in the building or place to be
licensed. When not exceeding one alley or table,
five dollars for each license; and when exceeding
one ailey or table, five dollars for each additional
alley or table. Everyplace or building where
bowis-are thrown or billiards played, and open to
the public with or without price, shall be regarded
as a bowling-alley or billiard-room, respectively,
under this act.
21. Confectioners shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Every person who sells at retail confec-
tionery, sweetmeats,comfits, or other confeets, in
any building, shall be regarded as a confectioner
under this act. But wholesale and retail dealers
having taken out a license therefor, shall not be
required to take out a license as confectioner, any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
22. Horse dealers shall pay for each license the
sum of ten dollars. Any person whose business
it is to buy and sell horses or mules shall be re-
garded a horse dealer under this act: Provided,
That if such horse dealer shall have taken out a
license as a livery-stable keeper no new license
shall be required.
23. Livery-stable keepers shall pay ten dollars
for each license. Any person whose occupation
or business is to keep horses for hiie or to let shall
be regarded as a livery-stable keeper under this
act.
24. Cattle brokers shall pay for each license the
sum of ten dollars. Any person whose business
it is to buy and sell and deal in cattle, hogs, or
sheep, shall be considered as a cattle broker.
25. Tallow chandlers and soap makers shall
pay for each license the sum of ten dollars. Any
person whose business it is to make or manufac-
ture candles or soap shall be regarded a tallow
chandler and soap maker under this act.
26. Coal-oil distillers shall pay for each license
the sum of fifty dollars. Any person who shall
refine, produce, or distill crude petroleum or rock
oil, or crude coal oil, or crude oil made of asphal-
tum, shale, peat, or other bituminous substances,
shall be regarded a coal-oil distiller under this act.
27. Peddlers shall be classified and rated as fol-
lows, to wit: when traveling with more than two
horses, the first class, and shall pay twenty dol-
lars for each license; when traveling with two
horses, the second class, and shall pay fifteen
dollars for each license; when traveling with one
horse, the third class, and shall pay ten dollars
for each license; when traveling on foot, the fourth
class, and shall pay five dollars for each license.
Any person,except persons peddling newspapers,
bibles, or religious tracts, who sells or offers to
sell, at retail, goods, wares, or other commodities,
traveling from place to place, in the street, or
through different parts of the country, shall be
regarded a peddier under this act: Provided, That
any peddler who sells, or offers to sell, dry goods,
foreign and domestic, by one or more original
packages or pieces, at one time, to the same per-
son or persons, as aforesaid, shall pay fifty dollars
for each license. And any person who peddles
jewelry shall pay twenty-five dollars for each
license: Provided, That manufacturers and pro-
ducers ofagricultural tool sand implements, garden
seeds, stoves, and hollow ware, brooms, wooden
ware, and powder, delivering and selling at whole-
sale -o.ny of said articles, by themselves or their
authorized agents at places other than the place of
manufacture, shall not be required, for any sale
thus made, to take out any additional license
therefor.
28. Apothecaries shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Every person who keepsashop or build-
ing where medicines are compounded or prepared
according to prescriptions of physicians,and sold,
shall be regarded an apothecary under this act.
But wholesale and retail dealers, who have taken
out a license therefor, shall not be required to take
out a license as apothecary, anything in this act
to the contrary notwithstanding.
29. Manufacturers shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Any person or persons, firms, compa-
nies, or corporations, who shall manufacture by
hand or machinery, and offer for sale any goody,
wares, or merchandise, exceeding annually the
sum of one thousand dollars, shall be regarded a
manufacturer under this act.
30. Photographers shall pay ten dollars foreach
license when the receipts do not exceed five hun-
dred dollars; when over five hundred dollars and
under one thousand dollars, fifteen dollars; when
over one thousand dollars, twenty-five dollars.
Any person or persons who make for sale photo-
graphs, ambrotypes, daguerreotypes, or pictures
on glass, metal, or paper, by the action of light,
shall be regarded a photographer under this act.
31. Lawyers shall pay ten dollars for each li-
cense. Every person whose business it is, forfee
or reward, to prosecute or defend causes in any
court of record or other judicial tribunal of the
United States or of any of the States, or give
advice in relation to causes or matters pending
therein, shall be deemed to be a lawyer within the
meaning of this act.
32. Physicians,surgeons,and dentists shall pay
ten dollars for each license. Every person (ex-
ceptapothecaries) whose business it is, for fep and
reward, to prescribe remedies or perform surgical
operations for the cure of any bodily disease or
ailing, shall be deemed a physician, surgeon, or
dentist, as the case may be, within the meaning
of this act.
33. Claim agents and agents for procuring pat-
ents shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person whose business it is to prosecute claims in
any of the Executive Departments of the Federal
Government, or procure patents,shall be deemed
a claim or patent agent, as the case may be, under
this act.
Sec. 65. Jlnd be it further enacted, That where
the annual gross receipts or sales of any apothe-
caries, confectioners, eating-houses, tobacconists,
or retail dealers, shall not exceed the sum of one
thousand dollars, such apothecaries, confection-
ers, eating-houses, and retail dealers shall not be
required to take out or pay for license, anything
m this act to the contrary notwithstanding; the
amountor estimated amountof such annual sales
to be ascertained or estimated in such manner as
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall pre-
scribe, and so of all other annual sales or receipts,
where the rate of the license is graduated by the
amount of sales or receipts.
Sec. 66. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing
contained m the preceding sections of this act,
laying duties on licenses, shall be construed to
require a license for the sale of goods, wares, and
merchandise made or produced and sold by the
manufacturer or producer at the manufactory or
place where the same is made or produced; to
vintners who sell, at the place where the same is
made, wine of their own growth; nor to apothe-
caries, as to wines or spirituous liquors which
they use exclusively in the preparation or making
up of medicines for sick, lame, or diseased per-
sons; nor shall the provisions of paragraph num-
ber twenty-seven extend to physicians who keep
on hand medicines solely for the purpose of mak-
ing up their own prescriptions for their own pa-
tients.
Sec. 67. Jind be it further enacted, That no li-
cense hereinbefore provided for, if granted, shall
be construed to authorize the commencement or
continuation of any trade, business, occupation,
or employment therein mentioned, within any
State or Territory of the United States in which
it is or shall be specially prohibited by the laws
thereof, or in violation of the laws of any State
or Territory: Provided, Nothing in this act shall
be held or construed so as to prevent the several
States, within the limns thereof, from placing a
duty, tax, or license, for State purposes, on any
business matter or thing on which a duty, tax, or
license is required to be paid by this act.
manufactures, articles, and products.
Specific and *1d Valorem Duty.
Sec. 68. Jlnd be it further enacted, That on and
after the first day of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, every individual, partnership, firm,
association, or corporation, (and any word or
words in this act indicating or referring to peison
or persons shall be taken to mean and include
partnerships, firms, associations, or corporations,
when not otherwise designated or manifestly in-
compatible with the intent thereof,) shall comply
with the following requirements, that is to say:
First. Before commencing, or, if already com-
menced, before continuing, any such manufacture
for which he, she, or they may be liable to be as-
sessed, under the provisionsof this act,and which
shall not be differently provided for elsewhere,
within thirty days after the date when this act
shall take effect, he, she, or they shall furnish to
the assistant assessor a statement, subscribed and
sworn to,or affirmed, setting forth the place where
the manufacture is to be carried on, name of the
manufactured article, the proposed market for the
