872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
what are still his opinions, and to ray mind they
are very objectionable. Taken as a comment, as
a gloss upon what he is charged with having said,
I do not think it relieves him in the slightest de-
gree, if the words said to be spoken are admitted.
Therefore, without intending to utter any opin-
ion beforehand against the claim of that gentle-
man, I desire that this subject shall be recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary upon the ground
that tliey have not yet expressed their opinion on
the question, either of law or of fact; and I trust
that when they report again, that committee will
give us their opinion whether the alleged words
were spoken, and whether these words, if spoken,
and these opinions, if entertained, amount to a
disqualification.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator from Connec-
ticut has laid some stress on the declaration made
here in one of the affidavits by a man by the name
of Law. I desire to call his attention to the dates
in the affidavit:
ei Henry Law, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he
is personally acquainted with Benjamin Stark, ofthe city of
Portland, county and State aforesaid, and has been for five
yeais; and has heard the said Stark use the following lan-
guage : that, on the 19th day of December, 1850, I heard
said Stark say he did not go one cent on the stars and stiipes;
that the palmetto was his flag; and ii there was any issue
between the North and South, ho would sell all his pioperty
and go South," &e.
This was language purported to have been used
by Mr. Stark on the 19th clay of December, 1860.
The secession of any State, even South Carolina,
was not known in Oregon until nearly two months
after that time. 1 was on my way in December
from Oregon to Washington, and on the 12th of
February we heard the news of the secession of
South Carolina at Acapulc.o, in Mexico. Conse-
quently, at that time secession was not an accom-
plished fact, and there was no palmetto flag adopted
by South Carolina or by any other State. I de-
sired to call the attention of the Senator from Con-
necticut to the date that is mentioned there. I do
not know Mr. Law. He resides in Portland, 1
am told; but I have not the pleasure of his ac-
quaintance.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire, Mr. President,
merely to make one remark, explanatory of the
course I shall pursue in voting upon this propo-
sition. As I understand the proposition now be-
fore the Senate, it is to refer this ease back to the
Judiciary Committee, in order that they may ex-
press some opinion upon the evidence that is now
before the Senate. I do nat see any necessity
whatever of referring it back to obtain an opinion
upon the weight of that testimony from the Judi-
ciary Committee. I believe that the Judiciary
Committee has discharged its duty, that it has
done all that it could do under the circumstances.
It was not proper for that committee to determ-
ine beforehand what weight this evidence should
have upon the Senate. Indeed, they had nothing
to do with it. They very properly say that they
leave the force and weight of the testimony to be
determined by Senators for themselves, upon any
subsequent proceedings whatever that may be
taken.
Now, sir, to put down this rebellion docs not
require that we should neglect any, the least, pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States. It
can be put down by living up, in every particular,
to that Constitution. Sir, this is a very important
matter. It is one, in my view, that requires the
close attention of Senators before they act upon
it. It is one that will be a precedent in all time to
come, and one that may be a precedent awful in
its consequences. The Senator from Massachu-
setts (and certainly it was a very ingenious aigu-
ment) has gone to the Constitution and ascertained
that the chief, the first, the all-important qualifi-
cation is loyalty; and he dcduces that from the.
fact that it is necessary for the applicant before lie
can become a Senator here to be sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States. Why is it
not prescribed in the Constitution itself as one of
the qualifications?
<( No person shall be a Senator who shall not have at-
tained the age of thirty year* and been mneycais a citizen
of the United Stato?, and who shall not, when elected, be
an inhabitant of that tftate for which he shall be chosen."
These are the only qualifications that are pre-
scribed by the Constitution. It is true that the
party is subjected to an oath. Why? It touches
his own conscience and applies to the future. It
is the touchstone of his faith, it is a matter for
himself and not for his peers upon the floor of the
Senate. The prescribing of the oath is a matter
over which we have no control. If the party takes
it and he is otherwise qualified, we are bound to
admit him. If he refuse to take it, of course we
may refuse to admithim. That is my view of the
subject; and I am astounded to hear it announced
on the floor of the .Senate that loyalty is a neces-
sary qualification, deduced from the Constitution
itself. It is no qualification. When wc find dis-
loyalty existing on this floor, we can expel the
man, and we ought to expel him. I should not
hesitate to do so at any moment. When I look
over the declarations of the gentleman presenting
himself from Oregon, I cannot but think that there
may be some lurking treason in his heart. It is
strange that he m the State of Oregon should have
felt as it seems he did, as testified to by witnesses
here. The fact is, in the letter the gentleman him-
self has written to the committee in his own de-
fense, I find an objection as serious as in any of
the statements made by the witnesses.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
makes a very ingenious argument in advocating
the position he takes in opposition to the action
of the majority of the Judiciary Committee, by
asking if Senators would admit a man of known
disloyalty to the Government? Would they ad-
mit a horse thief? Would they admit a convicted
traitor? The Senator from Maine "[Mr. Fessen-
den] says that if hereafter, when peace shall have
been declared, such a man as Gideon J. Pillow
shall be sent from the State of Tennessee to rep-
resent that State upon this floor, he shall reserve
to himself the right to vote against his admission.
Well, sir, I cannot say that 1 should not myself
vote afiiinsthim, but 1 apprehend, having learned
the other day that Gideon J. Pillow had fallen
into the hands of the troops of the United States,
and was now a prisoner 
Mr. THOMSON. He got off, I believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not Pillow. John E.
Floyd " stole away."
Mr. GRIMES. He is captured.
Mr. HENDERSON. And I now understand
that he and the five thousand who stole off with
him are now in our hands.
Mr. THOMSON. . They have caught them
then ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; they are now
caught; and if the people of the United States shall
do justice to themselves, and ifwe shall do justice
to ourselves here, John 13. Floyd and Gideon J.
Pillow will never present themselves upon the
floor of any Senate. There is another way ofget-
ting rid of them, and I do not see that there is any
difficulty in it. There may be, as the Senator
from Illinois has argued, another disqualification
besides the disqualifications mentioned in the Con-
stitution, but those disqualifications must neces-
sarily result from legislation under the Constitu-
tion. For instance:
"The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of tiPaaon, but no attainder of treason shall work cor-
ruption ot blood, or lorfeituie, except during the life ot the
peison attainted."
I do not know that such is the law at present;
I have not examined it; the Senator from Maine,
who is more familiar with it, will answer me: is
it now declared under the law of treason, the law
as passed by Congress, that it disqualifies guilty
parties from holding any office of profit, honor,
or trust, under the Government?
Mr.FESSENDEN. I confess, sir, I do not re-
member exactly whether it includes that. It pro-
vides the punishment of death for treason; and
you cannot disqualify a man after you have hung
him.
Mr.HENDERSON. Congress might, though,
prescribe any other punishment for treason. It
might provide for imprisonment, and it might at-
tach as penalty to that punishment that the party
should no longer hold an office of honor, trust, or
profit; and I apprehend that Congress now, in the
exercise of its power, might pass a law by which
at least these very objectionable gentlemen will
never reach the floor of the Senate, or hold any
important ofiice of honor or trust under the Uni-
[ ted States.
! This is my view of the matter. The gentleman
j from Oregon presents his credentials, and theJu-
j diciary Committee, in the legitimate exercise of
! their duty, inquire into the matter; and now we
I are called upon to inquire whether he is qualified
I according to the Constitution of the United States.
We cannot go beyond that. I say wc must admit
him; we are under obligations to admit him; and
we cannot at the threshold inquire into his loy-
alty or disloyalty. If he be disloyal we may ex-
pel him; but I submit to Senators, is it right to
pass upon his loyalty and exclude him from the
floorofthe Senate by a mere majority vote, when
it is, in effect, exercising the power conferred
upon us under the power to expel? I think not.
I think it ought not to be done. The gentleman
ought to be admitted to his seat. If he is disloyal,
we can expel him. If he is loyal, his future con-
duct will prove it upon the floor of the Senate.
* Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am anxious
that perfect justice shall be done to the applicant
to the seat from the State of Oregon; and to that
end I am equally anxious that all the material facts
of the case may be fairly and honestly brought
before the Senate for their consideration, in order
to enable them to come to a just and righteous
decision in respect to the loyalty of the applicant.
Therefore, both for the purpose of procuring the
testimony, and for the purpose of laying before
the Senate their mature opinions upon the ques-
tion of constitutional law which has been raised
here, I shall support the motion to refer the matter
back to the Committee on the Judiciary. If this
is refused by the Senate, I shall feel constrained,
under the evidence which has already been laid
before us, to vote for the exclusion of this gentle-
man; and I shall give my reasons. I hold in my
hand the report of the Committee on the J udiciary,
and in that report I find that Mr. Stark is charged
very distinctly and clearly with entertaining sen-
timents emphatically disloyal and untrue to the
Government of which he now seeks to become a
member; and I refer Senators to the affidavit of
Mr. Hull, which seems to have been taken in the
State of Oregon on the 18th of November, 1861.
In that affidavit the affiant says:
" That in the month of February, 1661"—
And that was the very month, if my memory
serves me, in which the revolutionary congress
assembled together at Montgomery, and on the
18th day of that month Mr. Davis delivered his
message to the rebel congress—
"That in the month of February, 1861, he heard said
Benjamin Stark make use of the following language in sub-
stance at the post office in the city of Poilland:" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow me
to suggest to him that that fact with regard to the
organization of that government could not possi-
bly have been known in Oregon during that month.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not assume that it could
not have been known there; perhaps the Senator
from Maine may.
" That in tlu; month of February, 1861, he heard said
Benjamin Stark make use of the following language in sub-
stance at the post office in the city of Portland :' If there Is
to be any war between the North and South all my prop-
erty is for sale at fifty cents on the dollar, and I will go and
help the South fight. The palmetto flag is my flag. The
southern confederacy is the only legal government in exist-
ence; that the United States Government is broken up ; that
JefFDavis is fighting in a good cause, and it will be impos-
sible to defeat hun.'"
That is one distinct charge, made on oath by
a witness, who, so far as 1 know, stands entirely
unimpcached and uncontradicted before this Sen-
ate. But Mr. Hull proceeds:
tk Tiiat afterwards"—
How long afterwards he does not say, but after-
wards—
"upon another occasion,affianthcard saidBenjamin Stark
make use of the following language . ' The United States
forces may fight the South from one end of their govern-
ment to the other, but it will amount to nothing ; they will
close up behind them, and they cannot be conqueied. The
South i«5 fighting m a good cau>.e, for government and order,
and they cannot be conquered;' and further the said Hall
saith not."
Now, sir, here are distinct specifications charg-
ing against Mr. Stark that, in the month of Feb-
ruary, and afterwards, he gave expression to these
disloyal and treasonable sentiments, clearly speci-
fied on the face of the papers which were before
the committee and solemnly sworn to. ltseems
—and if I am under misapprehension in regard to
this fact, I desire to be corrected by some member
of the Judiciary Committee—from a written com-
munication made to the committee or to a member
of the committee by Mr. Stark, on the 17th of Jan-
uary last, that he had examined these papers. He
therefore had become advised, specifically and
clearly, of the nature, extent, and significance of
all the charges which had been brought against
