2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
ests of then* city and surroundings in the passage
of the bill now before the Senate for the erection
of bridges over the Ohio river.
I had an interview with those gentlemen; and
the first thing I learned was that Mr, Van Bon-
horst, instead of being the representative of the
people of Western Pennsylvania in this behalf,
was himself a railroad man; and he very frankly
avowed to me that he was the agent of the rail-
road company, in order to make the best terms
they could, of course, in getting this privilege
across thenver. Mr. Shinn is a very worthy gen-
tleman, a lawyer of the city of Pittsburg, who I
suppose never rowed a .skiff across the river in
the course of his life. I do not suppose he pre-
tends to kno w anything personally of the navi-
gation. He was sent here to do the best ho could,
and he said to me, "this bill will pass; these
railroad companies have such an influence that
they will pass it through the Senate in spite of
you; and if we are not careful, or ask too much,
they will pass it for a bridge with two hundred
feet channel." Said [, "I think your fears are
groundless. I think the Senate are not going to
be influenced in regard to the Ohio river by any
such considerations." " Well," said he, " take
care that in asking too much you do not get too
little." This was the fear of Mr. Shinn. Mr.
Jones, the other member, does not sign that com-
promise, and would not sign it.
Now, with regard to the members of the other
House from Pennsylvania, they are all opposed
to this bill,and are all afraid it will get through,
in some way so as to injure their constituents.
It passed the other House without their knowl-
edge of its importance; because this is a thing of
which all men are not cognizant at the time, and
of which all men do not know. I think I may say
fairly now for the people of Western Pennsylva-
nia, that not one out of every thousand of the
people interested there knows anything about this
thing. How can they? How can the lumbermen
for three hundred nnles along the Alleghany river
know of this scheme by which their trade is to bo
affected? How can the coal men of the Monon-
gahela region, coveting someone hundred and
fifty or two hundred miles of coal fields, know of it?
I know those men. I know them all. I am of
them; I was reared among them. 1 know their
feelings and views and wishesand interests in tins
matter; and if all the railroad companies in the
country, and all the elegant gentlemen who offi-
ciate on behalf of rail road companies, and who talk
so largely about the advantage to be conferred upon
the country by railroad companies, were to ask
me to abandon the interests of these men who use
this highway, I would notabandon it; I could not
abandon it. I am as desirous of pleasing people
as anybody else. I debit e the approbation of my
constituents as much as anybody else. I desire
to further the interests of the country as much as
anybody else. Why should I not? But I will not
sell away the rights of a great trade to a corpora-
tion, especially when it is not necessary. If it
was an absolute question whether you should
have the river, or the bridge, or the railroad, then
it would be time to hesitate; but, sir, I contend
that this bridge can be built and ought to be built;
and I think if this Congress were to do its duty,
it would never allow that highway to be spanned
by any other than a bridge which would clearly
and without any doubt leave the navigation of it
as free as it was before.
But it is said that the people of Pittsburg want
this bridge, and it will shorten the travel between
the East and the West three hours. Pittsburg is
on the other side of one half of the Ohio river—at
least from the side from which this biidge is to
start on the south. Pittsburg now can take the
right bank of the Ohio river, and she can reach
with, as I suppose, twenty miles greater distance,
the same point that she would ieach by keeping
the left bank of the river and crossing at Steuben-
ville; so that I do not believe the commerce be-
tween the East and the West will be benefited
in any case more than an hour by the construc-
tion of this bridge. Still, as I stated before, I am
in favor of a bridge, but I want it built in such a
way as that the river may be left to the people
who are interested in it—and there is an enormous
trade there. The Monongahela river pours out,
and the Ohio river below, m Pennsylvania, sends
forty million bushels of bituminous coal annually,
and that seli& at from ten to twelve and a half cents
abushel in the markets down below; itgoesdown
even to New Orleans, and it brings back into that
country some four or five million dollars. The
lumber trade of the Alleghany river is equally val-
uable. I have not said anything about the steam-
boat trade. I was not requested to speak partic-
ularly to that point, and know but very little about
that trade. I know they made a desperate effort
to have the Wheeling bridge elevated high enough
to enable them to go under it with all their recent
improvements in the way of chimneys of long
draft. Ninety feet, I believe, however, satisfies
them now. The only alteration upon the trade
of this river which has been brought about by the
railroads is simply in this: that passengers go
upon the railroads; formerly they went upon
steamboats on the river, and when they did so it
was of very great importance that those boats
should have great speed, and to insure great speed,
high chimneys were necessary, in order to in-
crease the pressure of the column of air in the fur-
nace, and make the draft heavy. But now, since
passengers ride in railroad cars, great speed is not
so necessary on the part of steamboats; they do
not have such long chimneys, and therefore ninety
feet, I believe, will do for them.
But why is it that this railroad company insists
upon a bridge of a particular kind across the Ohio
river? Is it worth nothing better than a wooden
structure ? Is there no other way of getting over
it except by a single span of two or three hundred
feet m width? I think that that river merits a
bridge on an entirely different scale. What is to
prevent a suspension bridge from being hung
across the Ohio river, leaving the whole channel
of it free, or neaily so, leaving itathousand feet,
if you please; because a span may be made of
that length by a suspension bridge. If it is secure
across the Niagara, two or three miles below the
falls, where it hangs some three hundred feetabove
the water, and where the span itself is about nine
hundred feet, I believe, why could not such a
bridge be made across the Ohio river? Where is
the objection that the Ohio river should be pro-
tected as the St. Lawrence is? There is no diffi-
culty in constructing a tubular bridge ucioss the
nverofanylcngth; and the difference between the
cost of that and the structure which is now pro-
posed to be put there is so trifling as not to com-
pensate a single poor man for the loss of his raft
by going down this river. I have not a doubt m
the world to-day, that it would be far better for
Western Pennsylvania, for the coal trade andlum*
ber trade, to tax themselves to pay the difference
between the cost of this bridge of two hundred
and seventy feet span and one of four hundred
feet, and have it four hundred. I have not a doubt
about that.
It is said, too, that these people can accommo-
date themselves to this state of things, that they
can curtail their business. That may be. I re-
member when the coal trade of the Ohio river was
carried on in sixty feet boats, and when they
thought they had along cableatfifty yards; when
they landed these boats containing perhaps two
thousand five hundred bushels by running in
against the shore and finding a tree to tic up to;
when if the wind blew, they would look out for a
clean piece of shore, run into it, and tie up; when
if a fog came up, and they had a difficult passage
to make, they could land; or if the darkness was
so thick that they could not get along, they could
always land at any time to avoid it. I suppose
they might go back to that state of things;'but I
think the purchasers of coal down below would
hardly agree to u now. It is the consumer who
reaps the benefit of all these great improvements.
It is for the benefit of the consumer that an ark
| now carries twelve, fifteen, twenty, and twenty-
five thousand bushels of coal, instead of two or
three thousand. It is for the benefit of the con-
sumer, the man who builds houses, that a laft of
lumber now covers an acre and a quarter, when
[ formerly it was obtained by a single string, which
I two men could take anywhere. It is for the benefit
of the people below. I think it is unjust to ask
the people above to curtail their trade in order that
the travel, the lighter carriage of the country, may
be accommodated by a bridge to save perhaps to
the railroad company one hundred, or two hun-
dred, or three hundred thousand dollars; because
I have no doubt that §300,000, in addition to the
money to be expended on the structure as now
contemplated, would build a bridge, leaving the
navigation of that river -free in all times, and
nobody would complain of it.
_ But, Mr. President, I wish to direct the atten-
tion of some Senators here to another point in this
bill. This is not a bill simply to authorize a struc-
ture across the Ohio river at Steubenville. This
bill authorizes corporations to make bridges across
that river at any point they choose, and to this
point I invite the attention of the Senators from
Ohio, the Senators from Kentucky, the Senators
from Indiana, and the Senators from Illinois. They
are all interested in it. If under this bill a bridge
can be erected at Steubenville within eighty-fivo
or ninety miles of its head, it can be erected at
Cincinnati, and your trade be obstructed by a
bridge there; or if the bridge is at Louisville you
may find yourselves, as this bridge would- leave
Pittsburg, not at the head of navigation of the Ohio
river; you will find the head of navigation at Louis-
ville; you will find this artery tied at every stage
of its progress, and the whole trade of the country
above these obstructions must accommodate them-
selves to these obstructions below. I think this
is what we ought not to do; and while I am in
favor of giving these people the right to cross this
river everywhere, I desire that the river itself may
be preserved, and may be preserved in its integ-
rity to the people; and I think the gentlemen who
represent these States are quite as much interested
in it as I am. They are interested to scan closely
the provisions of this bill, which, in its subsequent
sections, I shall hereafter be obliged to note. The
first section of it applies to this bridge at Steuben-
ville; and I hope they will be required to have this
span, or this passage, at least three hundred feet
wide.
Now, as to coming there in the night, no better
reason in the world can be given why men always
do come there in the night than that they start
from Pittsburg in the morning; they are obliged
to start from Pittsburg in the morning in order
to get over this difficult river, full of islands and
rapids for the first sixty or seventy miles, in day-
light, because they cannot run it at night at any
stage of the water—eveiybody acquainted with
the river knows the peculiar situation of it—and
that brings them always to the Steubenville bridge
at night in all cases. 1 venture to say there would
not be a heavy boat or a heavy raft of any de-
scription that would not pass that bridge in the
night time.
It is said there is no difficulty in a pilot adjust-
ing- himself to this state of affairs. 1 have only to
say that those who think there are no difficulties
of this kind are totally inexperienced in that be-
half. What would my honorable friend the Sen-
ator from Ohio do, I ask him, in a thick, dense tog,
such as he has seen many a time, with a boat above
this bridge? How much time would he have to
adjust himself then to this narrow passage? In
these fogs you cannot see at the furthest fifty yards
ahead of you. Again, in case of storm, these
storms affect the direction of the boat very often
much more than the best force you can put upon
them. This wind will blow you upon these ob-
structions despite all the main force you can put
there. It is to avoid this that those who aie now
rich enough to go in the trade, in that way, use
steam. They use steam and haul these arks and
barges by tugboats; but there are a great many,
both in the coal and lumber trade, who cannot do
this; and the people below derive the benefitofit.
If you make the river so that nobody can navigate
it except the man who is able to command steam
power to guide him upon it and help him to get
through it, you stop off all the supply you new
have from the mass of the people. A man in Wi st-
ern Pennsylvania owns a tract of land; he is not
regularly in the coal trade; but in the wintertime,
when he has got nothing else to do, when hetMn,
not work at his farm, he builds or buys a pait of
boats and obtains this coal, and when the spring
high floods comes he has his boats loaded and
ready to go off down the river. He is not able
even to employ the most skillful pilots down the
river. This river is a great and wide one, and
when the flood comes, it you can keep anywhere
near tlie middle you are safe. I have known men
who had never been down the river to take a coal
boat down from Pittsburg to Cincinnati, just be-
cause the river was in its high state and they man-
aged to keep in the middle; everything happened
to be clear and there was no fog; and when th"y
came to an island, they had a chart which told
