1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
him, and which were then pending before the com-
mittee; for, after putting in a demurrer to the ju-
risdiction of the committee and of the Senate to
raise a preliminary objection against his being
sworn in, he says:
" It is due to myself, however, that I should state that I
have examined all the papers referred to by the committee,
and that I find them, vvi tliout a single exception, to emanate
from my bitterest political opponents."
No matter for that. The question before us
is not whether these witnesses were or were not
his political opponents, bitter or otherwise, but
whether the facts which they suggest are true or
false. He proceeds:
" While I cannot undertake to recall all that I may have
said in private con vet sations during the past twelve months
of earnest and often heated discussion?, of public affairs, I
do most solemnly declare that in a forum competent to try
and determine the issue, f am able to prove the allegations
against my loyalty to be utterly unfounded; that,m many
important particulars, the declarations of my assailants are
false; that in others my language has been perverted and
wrested fiom its true intent; and that in every respect the
papers referred to are calculated and were designed to sus-
tain a theory founded upon an opinion alike unjust to my
true sentiments and discreditable to the candor of my ac-
cusers."
The first question that arises on reading this
paper is, whether Mr. Stark admits or denies the
matters of fact plainly and clearly charged under
oath by these witnesses. Sir, he does not deny
them; he does not say that they are false; he does
not deny having made these expressions; he does
not complain that the witnesses are not to be cred-
ited, that they are people without credit at home;
but simply declares that in the proper forum he
can prove, &c. That was not the question which
he ought to have answered, it is not the question,
so far as he is concerned, what he can or cannot
prove before the Senate or before the committee;
but what was the fact? If he had been a loyal
man, if he had never entertained such sentiments
as are attiibuted to him in these affidavits, it was
the easiest thing in the world for him to have said
so, and he would naturally have said so, as it
seems to me. I say that the evasion which he has
committed in the paper sent to the committee,
that he had been engaged in heated controversies
of a political kind for the last year is totally inad-
missible upon the question of loyalty to the Gov-,
ernment. I ask you, sir, I ask all Senators here,
what possible heat of political or party discus-
sion, what mere party complications can possibly
exist, what party provocations can be flung in the
teeth of a citizen of the United States that shall
cause him to forget his loyalty to the Government
which he is bound to serve? This, to say the
least of it, is a mere shallow and ridiculous pre-
tense on the part of Mr. Stark. I would not be
understood as using harsh language towards him
or any other person; but it is impossible for me,
as a lawyer, to read this paper, which he seems
to treat as a sort of reply to the charges-made
against him, and to regard it as anything else
than an evasion of the main issues made against
him.
Again, sir, by way of showing, it would seem,
what his political opinions have been, he treats
the committee and the Senate to certain garbled
extracts from some stump speech or speeches
which he had made; and 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to these extracts. He says,
speaking of the southern rebellion:
"Whether the grievances referred to are real or imag-
inary is immaterial to the issue now presented for the con-
sultation of every onp wiio sinceiely desires the perpetu-
ation of the Government of the United States in its unity
and integrity."
Then follows a string of stars, showing that
something was omitted by the writer. I wish lie
had given us the entire sentence complete, so that
we might be able to judge of it as well as himself;
but he sees fit to suppress something m the printed
speech which he sends the committee. I desire
the committee to take pains to fill up these blanks,
and let us know what the speech oil which he
relies actually was. It is for us to judge what was
the merit of that speech, and what sentiments m
respect to loyalty it communicated to the public,
and not for him to do it. He proceeds further:
"Civil war cannot avert disunion."
Ah ! that is a new doctrine to me, sir; but let it
pass for what it is worth.
" Subjugation cannot prolong the Union."
That must be a very interesting Union man,
who, at that time, much less now, preached such
doctrine as this, that the subjugation of the mil-
itary power of the insurgents cannot restore the
Union. In my judgment, it is impossible for any
man to entertain a more disloyal and treasonable
sentiment than that subjugation cannot restore
the Union, understanding the word " subjugation"
in its proper, ordinary sense, the sense in which
it is used by us all, and by all our constituencies;
and so far as I can judge, in that sense it simply
means the dispersion and destruction of the'mil-
itary power of the insurgents, and consequently
the restoration and peaceful operation of the laws
of the United States.
Looking upon the evidence laid before me in the
light I have indicated,Imust repeat that, without
another reference of this subject to the committee,
and upon the testimony as it now comes before
me, I shall feel constrained, as a loyal man, to shut
tlio door in the face of the applieant for a seat from
Oregon.
Mr. McDOITGALL. Mr. President, after the
very carefully studied and, I think, wisely-thought
remarks of the Senator from Connecticut, of the
Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Foster,] and the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] I did not
suppose there would be any occasion for further
discussion on this subject; and I hesitate now to
rise in my place and attempt to advance any rea-
sons why the views they presented are just.
Now, let me say that I do not agree with the
sentiments expressed in the letter of the Senator
asking admission to any greater extent than the
Senator from Michigan who has just taken his
seat. The views embodied in that communication
are views with which I was at war in my State
during the entire presidential canvass. The fact
that I differ radically with him does not, and I
think should not, govern my action here; and al-
low me to observe, we are not now exercising our
authority as a part of the appointing power of the
Government. We arij-not now advising or con-
senting to a person occupying a place under the
Federal administration. We are now discussing
whether or not the representative of a sovereign
State, properly commissioned, shall be admitted
into this Hall. Hehashis authority in his hand;
he asks no confirmation from you; you have not
the right to advise as to the propriety or justice
of his appointment. He comes here with what
upon its face gives him a constitutional right to
represent his State; and there is a higher right than
is in him—the right of his people in the State of
Oregon.
But it seems to me that we are discussing this
question from a point of observation not the just
or true one. When you inquire into the rightof
this gentleman presenting himself, to his place
here, you must look at a demand made across the
mountains from the State of Oregon for represent-
ation here. A right to representation is a consti-
tutional right. Her right of selection of her rep-
resentative is a constitutional right, and yet many
Senators are treating it, in my judgment, with
less consideration than they would if it were nota
right equal to a mere appointment where we had
to judge in the first instance. Let me say to the
Senator from Michigan that there was a time when
the country where he now dwells was far remote
from this seat of Government, and it took weeks
to reach it.
Mr. HOWARD. Twenty-one days on horse-
back.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Three weeks. Suppose
a Senator then had come from Michigan, which
is nothing like the distance from here that Oregon
is, and claimed a seat with the full authority of
the Governor of the State in the recess of the Le-
gislature, and some enemies of his—and who has
not enemies? No man worthy of high place but
has won enemies by his zeal for the right—had
sent on three or four affidavits, would the Senator
from Michigan think it right or just that Michi-
gan should not be represented,and that for months
his admission should be denied, until witnesses
could be brought forward, and testimony taken,
and the fact adjudged?
I wish to say here, and I say emphatically,
that if the Senator from Oregon is denied a seat,
it is a denial to Oregon of her constitutional right
of representation, arbitrarily done at the instance
of three or four men, not known to this body, of
whose veracity we are not able to judge.
How is the case authenticated ? You have the
claimant's statement of loyalty. I take it that
that is just as complete a statement as if he was
a Senator upon this floor. I have heard it said—
whether truly or untruly I do not know—that the
word of a Senator, clothed with the senatorial dig-
nity upon this floor, had some value in establish-
ing a truth; and what other testimony have we?
We have the commission that he bears, and to
what does that testify ? Not merely that he is the
choice of the proper appointing powerin Oregon,
but that he is in all respects qualified, and quali-
fied in the respect of loyalty, as well as in all other
respects.
Senators may say that the Governor of Oregon
is not a loyal man. I do not affirm that he is-, I
do not know. I have heard much; but we are
bound to presume that the Governors of all the
loyal States are loyal men. Whether they are
loyal according to your catechism or mine, may
be a question.
Now, as against the certificate of the constitu-
tionally authorized authority of the State of Ore-
gon certifying to the loyalty as wellas to the com-
petency of the Senator who presents himself here
m other respects, as against his own declaration,
as against his own offer to take the oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, we have a
lot of ex parte affidavits.
Mr,. DOOLITTLE. Ifthe honorable gentleman
will give way I should like to make a motion to
adjourn. We can hardly close this matter to-night,
as I understand other gentlemen wish to speak.
Mr. RICE. Itisdesirable that the Senate should
go into executive session for a few minutes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will close my remarks
in a few moments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise to cut off my
friend, but it is not likely* that the case can be
disposed of to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall conclude in a few
moments, and that will save me the necessity of
beginning again to-morrow. But I will give way
if the Senate wishes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE- Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 18, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE RECENT VICTORIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, there are
now on your table two joint resolutions from the
Senate, giving the thanks of Congress, one to
Commodore Dupont, and the officers and men of
his expedition, and the other to General Grant
and his army. . I ask that they be taken up and
passed by the House. I will then ask, after a
little necessary business shall be done, for the adop-
tion of the following resolution:
Resolved, As a mark of respect for the memory of tlie
brave men who have been killed, and sympathy for those
who have been wounded in the recent victories of ourarms
in South Carolina, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina,
Missouri, and Virginia, as well as a testimonial of the pio-
found admiration of the members of this House for the per-
sistent and undaunted courage of all the officers, soldiers,
sailors, and marines engaged, who have achieved for them-
selves and conferred upon the country imperishable honor
and renown, that this House do now adjourn.
The joint resolution (S. No. 44) tendering the
thanks ,of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Dupont
and officers, potty officers, seamen, and marines
under his command, for the victory at Port Royal,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
third time.
It tenders the thanks of Congress to Captain
Samuel F. Dupont, and, through him, to the offi-
cers, petty officers, seamen, and marines attached
to the squadron under his command, for the de-
cisive and splendid victory achieved at Port Royal
on the 7th day of November last.
The joint resolution was passed by a unani-
mous vote.
The joint resolution (S. No. 51) giving the thanks
of Congress to the officers, soldiers, and seamen
of the Army and Navy for their gallantry in the
recent brilliant victories over the enemies of the
■Union and the Constitution, was taken from the
Speaker's tabic, and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the thanks of Congress are due, and are
