1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
zens of the State of Delaware, that 1 know of, ever
breathed aughtagainst his loyalty; and yet he was
drugged away and carried to Drummondtown, in
the State of Virginia, by the military authority.
No voice which is potential in behalf of freedom
on this floor or in the other Hall can be raised for
him, because unfortunately for him, as far as his
personal rights are concerned, he too belongs to
that unfortunate class of people who are white.
Now, sir, if the military authorities act oppress-
ively against the negro race, if they abuse their
authority to the injury of the humblest being on
the facc of God Almighty's earth, I am not here
to advocate oppression. In times like these, I
know that the citizen necessarily must suffer some
little wrong, because it is impossible in all cases
to discriminate nicely in reference to what should
or should not be done under particular circum-
stances; but while saying nothing in reference to
the action of the military authorities in regard to
the negro race, what I ask is that if their wrongs
are to be redressed, if their grievances are to be
brought into the Senate Chamber,and we arc to be
entertained every morning with a narration of ihe
wrongs they suffer, let the same measure of jus-
tice, at least, be meted out to the loyal white citi-
zens of the country. I ask nothing for those who
have raised their hand in rebellion against the con-
stitutional authorities of their country; lot them
suffer the full extremity of the law, if you think it
advisable and have the poxoet' to inflict it. If any
man violates the laws or the Constitution of his
country, he ought to be punished; and I am not
here to advocate that such a man as that should
be .allowed to go free. But while we are enter-
tained eveiy morning with a narrative of the griev-
ances of the black men of this country, the fiee
negroes and the slaves of this country, thinking
equally as much, and—although it may be an in-
fiiniity and a weakness at the present time to say
it—thinking a little more of the free white citizens
of my country, I will, m my place, demand that
justice shall be done them, and that free white men
who have done naught to injure their country, to
destroy its institutions, or its Union, shall be pro-
tected, and that inquiry shall be made to see if tur-
ther legislation is necessary to secure them in
their rights.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware will suspend his remarks. The
further consideration of the present question is
superseded by the special order of the day, the
unfinished business of yesterday, which is Senate
bill No. 151.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is up.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of rebels, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Collamer to amend
the bill by striking outall after the enacting clause
and inserting the substitute proposed by him, as
follows:
That if any peison or persons owing allegiance to the
United States shall, after the pas-sage of this act, levy wai
asainst them, or shall adhere to their enemies, giving them
aid and eomtort, and shall thcieof be convicted, on cou-
lessjon in open court, or on the testimony of two witnesses
to the same overt act ot treason, whereof he or they shall
stand indicted, such person or persons shall be adjudged
guilty of tieason against the United States, and shall sulfer
death, oi impusonment not less than five yeaus, and be fined
not less than $10,000; which fine shall be levied and col-
lected on any or all of the piopeity, real and peisonal, of
which the said peison or persons so convicted was owner
at the nine of the committing of the said act, any sale or
conveyance to the contraiy notwithstanding; and every
person so convicted >hi\U be forever incapable and disquali-
fied fiom holding an\ otficc under the United States; but
the President may paidon or renntthe whole ci anypait ot
said punishment.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, That the pcisotis to
whose labor or service any person convicted under this act
has claim by the law-s of any State, shall be theieaftei foi-
everfiee and dischaiged tbeiefioin.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this act shall not
be construed m any way to affect <>i alter the prosecution,
conviction, or punishment of any poison or persons guilty
of treason against the United States before the passage oi
ihis act. unlets such person is convicted under this act.
Sec 4. And be it further <m<?r£crf, That whenever it *liall
be deemed necessary to the speedy and successful termi
nation of a rebellion by the PieMdent, he is hereby author-
ized, bv pueh commissioners as he shall appoint, to seques-
ter and seize the property, real and personal, of such persons
as shall bear arms against the United States, or give aid and
comfort to such persons wherever situated, and if within
any part of the United States the inhabitants wlieieof have
b':en proclaimed to be m a state of insurrection, to bold,
occupy, rent, and control for the United States until the
ordinary touise of judicial proceeding shall be restored in
the State oi di*tiiet where the same is situated, and in all
cases until the owners of said property can be proceeded
against by legal prosecution; but no persons holden to ser-
vice, commonly called slaves, shall be taken undei this sec-
tion. And all such personal property a* shall be so taken
which is perishable, or expensive nf keeping, may be sold
by said commissioners, who shall keep and render full ac-
counts of all the avails and receipts ffom smd pioperty so
sold, let, or occupied, and pay over the avails to the Treas-
ury of the United States.
cJec. 5. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
President, in pursuance of existing laws, shall, by procla-
mation, have declared the inhabitants of any State or sec-
tion, or part thereof, in a state of insurrection against the
United States, he is hereby authorized, at any time there-
after, by proclamation, to extend to any such persons who
may have participated therein, and in any such State or
part thereof as he shall judge proper, pardon and amnesty,
with such exceptions and at such time, and on such con-
ditions as lie shall declare and proclaim.
Sec. 6. And be it further eriacted, That if m any State,
or part theicof, in which the inhabitants have by the Presi-
dent been declared in a «?tate of insurrection, thesaid insur-
rection shall have continued for a penod of six months, then
and in that ca^e the President la authorized, it in his opin-
ion it is necer-tary to the successful suppies-ion of said m-
sui'iectlon, by proclamation to fix and appoint a day when
all peisons holden to service or labor in any such State or
pait i hereof as he shall declare, whose service or labor is
b> the law or custom of said State due to any person or
peisons who, after the day so fixed by said proclamation,
shall levy wat or paiticipate in insurrection against the Uni-
ted State*, or give aid to tlie same, shall be fiee and dis-
charged liom all such claim to labor or sei vice ; and there-
upon said person shall be forever free and di*ehariied from
said labor and set vice, any law or custom of said State to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That whenever any
person claiming to be entitled to the service of any other
pcr oii as a slave under the law of any Stan;, shall seek to
enforce such claim, he shall, in the fir?t in^tanep, and as
preliinmaiy to the tiial of such claim, Miow satisfactorily
that he and the person to whom said service was by said
law due duimgihe period of insurrection or rebellion was
loyal to the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I sent to
the Chair yesterday an amendment that I intended
to offer; but instead of doing that 1 move to strike
out the sixth section of the amendment of the
.Senator from Vermont, and to substitute this in
lieu of it:
Sec. 6. And be tt further enacted, Thai in any State or
pai t thcieof in which the. inhabitant* have by the Pi evident
h"vn heietofoie declared in a <.t.itf of insurrection, the Pres-
ident is hereby authouzed and required, fot the speedy and
more ctlectual suppression ot '-aul insurrection, within
thnty days uftci the parage of this act, by pioclamation to
fix and appoint a dav when all persons holden to seiviceor
labor in any such State or part thereof, whose service orla-
boi is by the law or custom of said State due to one who,
after the passage of this act, «hnll levy war or participate
in irifcUiiection against the United States, or give aid to the
same, shall be free, and discharged from such claim to la-
bor or set vice, and thereupon said poison shall be forever
liee and discharged from said labor or seivice, any law or
custom of said State to the contiaiy notwithstanding.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquiic if it is in order to move
and have acted upon amendments to the original
bill before the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts is voted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
positive rule of order upon that question. The
practice is to amend alternately. As a question
of expediency and of practical convenience—and
the Chair so stated when the bill was first before
the Senate and the first substitute was offered—it
is better to proceed to amend the original bill, in
other words and in parliamentary language, to
perfect the original bill, in the first instance, and
then proceed in like manner with the substitute;
but there is no rule which prohibits recurrence
to the original bill after that. Both are open tu
amendment. At this present time, an amendment
to an amendment being pending, it is not in order
to receive and act upon, put the question upon, an
amendment to the original bill; but after the pend-
ing amendment to the amendment shall have been
disposed of, it will be in order to move an amend-
ment to the original bill.
Mr. DAVIS, I wish to conform to the rules
of the Senate and to the rules of convenience, too.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The^Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Cullameh.,] in submit-
ting this amendment to the original bill, proposes
to authorize the President of the United States, if
m his judgment it shall be necessary for the more
speedy suppression of this insurrection, to appoint
a day when all persons held toservicc or labor in
any State whose inhabitants he has declared by
proclamation to be in a state of insurrection, shall
be declared free. That honorable Senator, m the
course of his speech, said that it seemed to be the
chief object of some of the supporters of the ori-
ginal bill to carry that provision of the bill eman-
cipating the slaves of rebels, and yesterday the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] alluded to
and indorsed that declaration. Now, sir, I am free
to confess here, that it is with me the chief object of
solicitude. I care something for the confiscation of
the property of the leading rebels; butl do not wish
to touch the property of the masses of the people.
I think the distinction is a just one—-that the lead-
ers should be punished, and that the masses of
the people should feel that they will be forgiven
and protected if they return to their loyalty.
I do not expect that we shall realize any large
amount of property by any confiscation bill ihat
we shall pass. After the conflict, when the din
of battle has ceased, the humane and kindly and
charitable feelings of the country and of the world
will iequire us to deal gently with the masses of
the people who are engaged in this rebellion. It
wiU be pleaded that wives and children will suffer
for the crimes of husbands and fathers; and such
appeals will have more or less effect upon the fu-
ture policy of the Government. But, sir, take
from rebel masters their bondmen, and from the
hour you do so until the end of the world, to
" the last syllable of recorded time/' the judg-
ment of the country and the judgment of the world
will sanction the act, and it will be stronger every
day while the world lasts. Therefore, sir, I am
in favor of emancipating the slaves of all the rebels
who arc engaged in this rebellion.
Sir, with the lights of to-day, I do not see how
any man can he for slavery and at the same time
be a loyal man. Slavery and treason this day and
this hour in this country are one and the same.
Slavery and treason are synonymous words. I
can conceive how a man of intelligence and char-
acter can recognize the existence of slavery, look
upon it as it is, as an evil, and yet not see how it
is to be abolished, or when it is to be got rid of.
I can appreciatc-the position of such a man, and
I think I do appreciate it. But, sir, how can any
man, looking over this broad land to-day and see'-
ing flashing from every quarter of the heavens the
crimes of human slavery against this country and
its institutions, how can any man be loyal to this
country and labor to uphold, strengthen, and sup-
port human slavery in America? his the cause,
and the whole cause, of this rebellion. Wc talk
about Jt-flf Davis, Slidell, Mason, and Toombs,
and their treasonable confederates; but they are
not the cause of this rebellion; they are simply
the hands, the tools; the heart, the biain, the soul
is slavery; the motive power is slavery. Slavery
is the great rebel, Davis and his compeers are but
its humble tools and instruments.
Slavery for thirty years has been hostile to and
aggressive upon the free institutions of America.
There is not a principle unbodied in our free insti-
tutions, there is not an element of our Government
that elevates or blesses mankind, there is not any-
thing in our Government or our institutions worth
preserving, that slavery for a generation has not
warred against and upon. It smote down, thirty
years ago, the great right of petition in these Halls.
It destroyed, in large sections of the country, the
constitutional freedom of the press. It suppressed
freedom of specch. It corrupted presses, churches,
and political organizations. It plunged the na-
tion into a war for the acquisition of slaveholding
territory. It enacted a fugitive slave law, inhu-
man, unchristian, disgraceful to the country and
to the age. It r epealed the prohibition of slavery
over half a million square miles in the central re-
gions of the continent. It seized the ballot-boxes
in Kansas, it usurped the government of the Ter-
ritory, it enacted inhuman and unchristian laws,
it made a slave constitution and attempted to force
it upon a free people, it bathed the virgin sods of
that magnificent Territory with the blood of civil
war. It mobbed, flogged, expelled, and some-
times murdered Christian men and women in the
slavcholding States for no offense against law, hu-
manity, or religion. It turned the hearts of large
masses of men against their biethren, against the
institutions of their country, against the glorious
old flag and the Constitution of their lathers. It
has now plunged this nation into this unholy re-
bellion, into this gigantic civil war that rends the
country, and stains our waters and reddens our
fields with fraternal blood.
Sir, I never see a loyal soldier upon a cot of sick-
ness, sorrow, or death, without feeling that slavery
has laid him there. I never gaze upon the wounds
of a loyal soldier fallen in support of the flag of the
Republic, without feeling that slavery inflicted
