1896
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
those wounds upon him. I never see a loyal sol-
dier, wounded and maimed, hobbling through
your streets, without feeling that he was wounded
and maimed by slavery. I never gaze upon the
lowly grave-of a loyal soldier dying for the cause
of his eountry, without feeling that he was mur-
dered by slavery. I never see a mourning wife
or sorrowing children, without realizing that sla-
very has made that mourning wife a widow, and
those sorrowing children orphans. Sir, all these
sacrifices of property, of health, of life, all this
sorrow,agony, and death, now upon us, are born
of slavery. Slavery is the prolific mother of all
these woes that blight our land and fill the heart
of our people with sorrows.
Slavery pronounced long ago against the free
elements of our popular institutions, it scoffed at
the Declaration of Independence, it pronounced
free society a failure, it jeered and sneered at the
laboring masses as mudsills and white slaves.
Scoffing at everything which tended to secure the
rights and enlarge the privileges of mankind, it
has pronounccd against the existence of demo-
cratic institutions in America. Proud, domineer-
ing, defiant, it has pronounced against the suprem-
acy of the Government, the unity and life of the
nation. Sir, slavery is the enemy, the clearly-pro-
nounced enemy of the country. Slavery is the
only clearly-pronounced enemy our country has
on God's earth. There it stands. Hate is in its
heart, scorn in itseye, defiance in its mien. It hates
our cherished institutions, despises our people,
defies our Government. Slavery is the great rebel,
the giant criminal, the murderer striving with
bloody hands to throttle our Government and de-
stroy our country. Senators may talk round it if
they please, they may scold at its agents and de-
nounce its tools. I care little about its agents or
its tools. I think not of Davis and his compeers
in crime; I look at the thing itself, to the great
rebel with hands dripping with the blood of my
murdered countrymen. I give the criminal no
quarter. If I, with the lights I have, could utter
a word or give a vote to continue for one moment
the life of the great rebel that is now striking at
the vitals of my country, I should feel that i was
a traitor to my native land and deserved a traitor's
doom. Sir, I believe that every word spoken in
Congress or out of Congress, every act that con-
tinues, strengthens, or keeps the breath of life in
human slavery in America, is against the exist-
ence and perpetuity of democratic institutions,
against the dignity of the toiling millions of my
country, against the peace, the honor, the glory,
and the life of the nation.
Sir, slavery being the criminal, slavery being
the rebel, it should be stricken down through the
agents it employs. It has its hundreds of thou-
sands of rebels in arms against the country. To
punish its instruments, I will strike at it and de-
stroy it if I can. I believe that we have a consti-
tutional right to free the slaves of rebel masters,
and I think it would be a crime against my coun-
try if I did not give a vote to free the slaves of
every rebel on this continent. If this Congress
adjourns without putting upon the statute-book
of the country an act to free the slaves of every
rebel in the United States, I believe it will be false
and recreant to the cause of the country.
1 belreve it is policy to emancipate the slaves of
rebels. Gentlemen' tell us that they do not seesuc-
cess in (his direction. I do not see success in any
other direction. I expect the armies to win bril-
liant victories. I have no doubt of success, either
on the Mississippi or at Yorktown, under Iialleck
orMcClelian. I have no doubt but that the brave
men whose hearts are burning with love of liberty
and of country and hatred of this criminal that is
striving to destroy the Republic, will, with arms in
their hands, smite down its agents on land or wave
Victory I am sure will flash upon the banner of
the Republic.
I believe that we are to win victories, but how
are we to change the hearts of the masses of men
that have plunged into this rebellion ? What made
them hate the people of this country? Whatmade
them jeer at the toiling millions of the free States
as "mud-sills" of society? What made them
scoff at the Declaration of Independence, and at
the free institutions that do not pull down the high-
est to elevate the lowly up? What made them
hate thp old flag of our country? What made
them raise their hands for the overthrow of our
institutions, the destruction of this Government,
and this nation ? Slavery made them do it. It
was slavery, nothing more, nothing less, that per-
verted their hearts, clouded their reason, blinded
their consciences, and made them traitors. Just
in proportion to the strength of slavery in any
locality in the country is the hate of the people
against our institutions, our Government, and our
peoples and so long as slavery shall live, so long
as it shall have vitality, so long as it shall he an
institution to be nurtured and strengthened,upheld
and sustained, so long as it shall be an element of
power on this continent, just so long will the peo-
ple now in rebellion against the Government hate
our people and hate our country. An intelligent
man who believes in slavery, who would strengthen
and spread it, who would nurture it, who would
make it an element of political power, cannot love
the democratic institutions of this country; he
cannot love the country itself. It is an impossi-
bility, a moral impossibility.
You have all cast your eyes over the country
in rebellion. Where live the loyal men ? In west-
ern Virginia, in eastern Tennessee, in western
North Carolina, in Missouri,in the mountain re-
gions where there are few slaves. Thore you
have men who are not seduced or conquered by
slavery, men who yet love our institutions, love
our Government, love our people, love our old flag.
But wherever slavery is strong it has seduced,
subdued, or conquered the hearts of the people,
made them disloyal against the country; and they
will hate us so long as slavery is a power on earth.
Sir, casting aside all regard for the bondman,
looking at this question simply in the light of
action for the suppression of the rebellion and the
restorationof the future harmonyand repose of the
country, I believe it is our duty to destroy the
cause that has changed the hearts of millions of
our people. Destroy slavery, and you take from
the heart of that people the sole motive for hating
us and hating our country. When they shall see
that the cause of all their hate and disloyalty lies
low in the dust, they will rise again and support
your institutions and your Government, and be
proud again to recognize the flag of their country.
Slavery has intoxicated and maddened the people
of the slaveholding States. Take the cup from the
trembling hand of the drunkard, who is ready, in
his delirium, to smite down wife and child, and
the drunkard will be a man again and love and
protect that wife and child. Strike the chains
from the limbs of the slaves of rebel masters, and
those masters will become loyal again, ready to
pour out their blood for the institutions they now
hate and the Government they so madly assail.
Every hour of thought and reflection brings me
to the conclusion that death to slavery is life to the
Republic. Believing this, I think it is our duty
to walk up to the extreme verge of our constitu-
tional power, and I would go no further, but I
would walk up to the extreme verge of constitu-
tional power to destroy slavery. If there is a
doubt, I would notgive that doubt to slavery,but
I would give that doubt to my country, Ifl have
any doubts on these points I give the doubts in
favor of my country against slavery, and not for
slavery against my cpuntry. But, sir, I have no
doubt we have a right to take the life, take the
property, and free the slaves of every rebel on this
continent While I would not take the lives of
many, if any, while I would not take the property
of more than the leaders, I would take the bond-
men from every rebel on the continent, and in
doing it I should have the sanction of my own
judgment, the sanction of the enlightened world,
the sanction of the coming ages, and the blessing
of Almighty God. Every day, while the world
stands, the act will be approved and applauded by
the human heart all over the globe.
Sir, it seems to me our duty is as clear as the
track of the sun across the heavens, and that duty
is before the adjournment of this Congress to lay
low in the dust under our feet, so that iron heels
will rest upon it, this great rebel, this giant crim-
inal, this guilty murderer, that is warring upon
the existence of the country. It is in our power
to do it, and we ought to meet it; and I must con-
fess I have no sort of respect for any of those
doubts that have been thrown out during this
session of Congress m regard to this policy of
freeing the slaves of rebel masters.
Why, sir, I remember from the time the flag of
rebellion was raised, that every act of the Govern-
ment to uphold its authority has been denounced
in Congress and out of Congress as offensive to
the rebels. We could not propose anything to
sustain the authority of the Government without
being told, oh, you will offend the loyal men of
the border States, and you will exasperate the
rebels." We disregarded it in many eases, and
this country has lost many lives and millions of
dollars because we did not disregard-it in the
commencement and boldly act up to our consti-
tutional obligations. Last summer, when it was
proposed to free the slaves who had been actually
employed by their masters with arms in their
hands to smite down our brethren, we were told,
"it will not do; you will offend these rebels; you
will unite the hearts of the people of the slave
States against us; you will offend the loyal border
State men." Well,sir, we passed the act in spite
of these doubts, and it is the law of the land to-
day. I only regret that it is not more faithfully
executed by the Government and by the military
men in the service of the Government. When
we proposed to abolish slavery in this District
the other day, we were told it would not do; we
would unite the hearts of traitors against the
country and strengthen their hands, and it would
be a rock of offense before our border State men.
We passed the bill, and this day and this hour
thirteen thousand black men in this District in
their churches are offering up prayers to Almighty
God for blessings on us for that beneficent act.
Sir, every movement we make, every proposition
we make, we are met with this same talk, about
giving offense to rebels. I do not fear these rebels.
Our bayonets will be as bright and as sharp after
we act upon this subject as they are now.
Sir, every day that slavery stands, every mo-
ment that it breathes the breath of life in all its
power, there stands an enemy that can never love
our people, our institutions, or our Government.
It is a moral impossibility. Then destroy it, and
when it is gone will come back the old sentiments
of the Washingtons and the Jeffersons and the
great men of the revolutionary era in the slave-
holding States. Then will come back the love for
the Declaration of Independence, for the Consti-
tution of the United States, for the free institutions
that adorn, bless, and elevate the masses of man-
kind. Then will come back the reverence for the
glorious memories of the past. Then will come
back the love for the stars and stripes of our coun-
try. Then will come back a feeling of amaze-
ment and of shame that men were so perverted by
the monster slavery as to imbrue their hands in
the blood of their countrymen. Rebels will come
back with a feelingof repentance for these crimes
against their country. Then, when slavery is
stricken down, they will come back again and of-
fer their hands, red though they be with the blood
of our brethren, and we shall forgive the past, take
them to our bosoms, and be again one people.
But, Senators, keep slavery; let it stand; shrink
from duty; let men, whose hands are stained with
the blood of our countiymen, whose hearts are
disloyal to our country, hold fast to the chains
that bind three millions of men in bondage, and
we shall have an enemy to hate us, ready to seize
on all fit opportunities to smite down all that we
lovp,andagain to raise their disloyal hands against
the perpetuity of the Republic. Sir, I believe this
to be as true as the Holy Evangelist of Almighty
God, and nothing but the prejudices of associa-
tion on the one side, or timidity on the other, can
hold us back from doing the duty we owe to our
country in this crisis.
The Senator from Vermont has proposed in his
amendment to authorize the President of the Uni-
ted States, whenever he shall believe it necessary
for the suppression of this rebellion, to issue his
proclamation declaring the slaves of rebels free.
This proposition gives up the whole question. If
I understand it, it isafull concession. It concedes
the right of this Congress to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to emancipate the slaves
of rebels in all the States where he has made proc-
lamation that the people are in insurrection. I
acceptit, sir; and if Congiess has the light to au-
thorize thePresidenttoissueaproclamation eman-
cipating these slaves, if, in his judgment, he be-
lieves it necessary, then Congress has the right
to authorize and require the President to do it if
Congress believes it necessary for the suppression
of the rebellion, that such a proclamation shall be
issued. The Senator from Vermont has laid down
a doctrmc upon which we can stand; and there-
