874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
hereby tendered to the officer*, soldiers, and seamen of the
Army and Navy of the United Slates for the iicrose gal-
lantly that under the providence of Almighty God has won
the lecent series of brilliant victories over the enemies of
the Union and the Constitution.
The resolution was passed by a unanimous
vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask that it may be
entered upon the Journal that those resolutions
passed unanimously.
The SPEAKER. No objection being made,
that order will be given.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask leave to
record my vote upon the bill establishing au Ag-
ricultural Bureau, which passed the House yes-
terday.
There being no objection, the vote of Mr. Mor-
rill was recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. SPAULDING, and Mr. KELLOGG of
Michigan, under similar leave, also recorded their
votes m the affirmative on the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,. I desire also the
consent of the House to say in this connection,
that if I had been picsent when the bill was under
consideration I should have endeavored to have
had a provision incorporated in it'requiring this
bureau to gather together statistical information
upon the various matters connected with agricul-
ture.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back House bill No. 156,
making appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain foitificutions and
other works of defense for the year ending the
30th of June, 1863, and additional appropriations
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1SG2, with
the amendments of the Senate theieto.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that the Com-
mitteeofWays and Means have reported in favor
of concurrence in all the amendments of the Sen-
ate; and unless there is some objection to it, 1 will
ask that the vote may be taken on them at once.
Mr. VALLAN!)FGItAM. That bill goes to
tlie Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, 1 suppose, as a matter of course; docs it
not ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio make that point of order?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I supposed the
object of the gentleman from Pennsylvania in re-
porting the bill was to have its consideration in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asked the consent of the House to have
the amendments of the Senate considered at this
lime.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will hear the
amendments read, and rosene my ri:>hr, to object.
The amendments were "lead, as follows:
First amendment:
Vn«e, 2, at the end of line thirteen, uwit as follow* :
For continuation of woiks at Foil tftMinmrl, I'oitland
haibor, Maine, #'7.5,000.
Second amendment:
Page 3, sfuke out all af*tci the word "■ at" in lino foui to
the ''ml of lino &i\', a> follow?.: ••CMvi'jjo, Nia^ata, i>ufialo.
TJed oit. and Mackinaw, #7d0,U0U,*' and ihmm t in lieu theie-
o{ a> lolJowr,:
O^lcn.-binir, Oswego, at the mouth of Genesee river,
Nia^na, HuifiJo, Detroit, FoitGnmot, Mackinaw, ami the
 Sau!t titc Miiiie, $7.30,000.
Third amendment:
Pa-I, .titer hue twenty-two, inseit a-, follows :
For delun •><"  in Oiegron and \V\it,hmiiion Temtoiyator
neai the mouth ot the Columbia wvcr,\$l(J0,OOO, if, in the
judgment of the Pie? ulent, the expenchtuie of the same, oi
any pair thereof, should l>e advisable.
Fourth amendment;
Add the following now Miction to the bill :
S;.e. 3. .hid ht>il 'furlher cnnrUS, Tint the follow! nif&um
be, and 1 he fame i- her"hy, appropuatcd out ot an\ inonev
in r ie Iiea^uiv uor otherwise appropriated, lor the fi<eal
y\-\i i ■ • i(11 iij Juih- 30, l^GJ, find ,i1!fi( U.S, 1^03.
I">i the ejection ot fuiponm woik-.ni Muitie and in the
hai ooi of I orNuiOJith. N"w flUus p^uite. w iii tlic ludct-
jie-iif oj the iV'^tih'iit, tno o\p"noittirc of the «ame. oi any
pail tncreof, shall he advi>.iblc. ^3.3!),000.
I or the cioetion o' teiupoiai v wmk-.ni Naua^arw tt l>av,
when, in tie: jud«J .* t ot tlte Pie ideiitalie e.xp.'iu'htuie of
the sam". or ai.v past fhen-ot. -hall b^uhnable. <2 h>}000.
I here Ino ubp-utiu,j, the several amend-
ments of the Semite were concurred in.
Mr. GRANGER. I desire to offn- an amend-
ment to the List .tinendnn-nt of 'ho .Senate.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the Sen-
ate have been concurred in, and there is nothing
before the House to which the gentleman can
attach his amendment.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the bill of the House
(No. 240) to authorize the issue of United States
notes, and for the redemption or funding thereof,
and for funding the floating debt of the United
States, with the amendments of the Senate thereto.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no purposeof consid-
ering this bill at this time. I desire that it shall
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be made the special order j
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
I hope gentlemen of the House will read the
amendments. They are very important, and, in
my judgment, very pernicious; but I hope the
House will examine them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Are they all con-
tained in the printed bill?
Mr. STEVENS. The amendments of the Sen-
ate, as they passed that body, are in the printed
bill. The Committee of Ways and Means have
reported one ortwo amendments. They are slight
and unimpbrtant, however.
The bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and made the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock.
GRADES 0J? NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish and equalize the grades
of line officers of the United States Navy; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
L110 U TEN A IN T HUNTER.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, by unani-
mous consent, Senate joint resolution No. 43, to
authorize the President to restore Lieutenant
Charles Hunter to the active list from the leave
of absence list of the Navy, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORT ON GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to move to post-
pone the further hearing upon the Van Wyck
report, which was postponed until to-day, for one
week.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will remark that that re-
port was not made a special order, and if it is not
called up now, being a privileged report, it may
be called up at anytime. It may become desira-
ble to call it up before that time; and I ask the
gentleman, therefore, to withdraw his motion.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Very well, I will not make
the motion.
DISPOSAL OF CAPTURED PROPERTY, ETC.
Mr. TIIOMAS, oI Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, lenorted fiom the Committee on the
Judicial y a bill to facilitate, judicial proceedings
and adjudications upon captured property, and
for the better administration of the law of prize;
which was lead a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
oidered to be punted.
PUBLIC ILLUMINATION.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following concurrent resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcsoh-ed, (the Senate concurring,) That the Comnris-
Monei of Public Huiidiugf and Ground* cause the public
bunding-* in thi- nfy to be illuminated on Satuidav even-
ing next, the 2M ot'Febuiaiy, m honor ot tin* lecentvicto-
Jics obtained by the Anny and Wavy of the United States.
TRIBUTE OF RESPECT.
Mr. WASHBURNE. _ I now submit the fol-
lowing resolution, of which I gave notice:
Rcsolve>!, As a mark oi re-pect foi the memoiy of the
biave ni'Mi who have Ik en killed, and sympathy tor those
who havo b"on wonad^fl, in tho iccent vk tones, oi out aim-*
m South Carolina. Kentucky. Tennessee, Noith Ca.ohna,
Mi-i-oiu,. and Virginia, as well a a a testimonial <>; thepto-
found ndmfiation of the incmb-rs of this Hou-'e ioi the pei-
c!-.tout and undaunted coinage of all tho odicer^ soldier*',
sailor-;, and manne- encased, who have aehieved foi them-
selves and conferred upon the country impeiidiable honoi
and tonown, thai the do now adjourn.
Th«' icsoJution was leceived, and adopted.
And thereupon (at half past twelve o'clock, p.
ni.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 19, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of merchants
and ship-owners of the city of New York, remon-
strating against the passage of any act changing
the laws relating to pilots and pilotage; which was
referred to the Committee on-Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, in the first New York artillery at Washing-
ton, praying that homoeopathic physicians may
be appointed surgeons in the Army and Navy,
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition of
citizens of Jeffersonville, Indiana, praying for the
location of a national armory at the falls of the Ohio
river, on the Indiana side; which v/as referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
George S. Pidgeon and others, citizens of Illinois,
praying that United States Treasury notes may
be made a legal tender, and remonstrating against
the passage of a bankrupt law; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I have received a petition from
citizens of Fort Plain, in the State of New York,
in which they ask Congress to expunge the name
of South Carolina from the list of States, remand
her to a territorial condition, and divide the ter-
ritory between the States of Georgia and North
Carolina. As this question of establishing terri-
torial governments in the rebel territory is under-
stood now to be before the Committee on Terri-
tories, I ask the reference of the petition to that
committee.
It was so referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
83) for the temporary increase of midshipmen in
the Naval Academy, and the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 5) to examine the condition of the Naval
Academy and inquire as to the reorganization
thereof, reported them without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they he postponed
indefinitely; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H.R.No. 10) tend-
ering the thanks of Congress to Captain Wilkes,
of the United States Navy, reported it without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it be
postponed indefinitely; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
into the expediency of dividing among the loyal
officers of the Navy the prize money which would
have been distributed to disloyal officers had they
remained true to their allegiance, reported that the
resolution be postponed indefinitely; which was
agreed to. He stated that on inquiry at the Navy
Department, it was found that the sum would be
so very small that it would not be worth legisla-
ting about.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred "the memorial ofE. W. Hinman, of
New York, praying the employment by the Gov-
ernment of vessels employed in the fisheries to aid
in maintaining an efficient blockade, reported it
back, with a recommendation that the consider-
ation of the memorial be indefinitely postponed;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
47) relating to the construction of the act of July
27, 1861, concerning the exercise of certain pow-
ers and duties of the Secretary of the Treasury,
asked to be dischaiged from Us further consider-
ation, and that it be postponed indefinitely; which
was agreed to, a joint resolution having been
already passed on the subject.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
199) to provide for the safe-keeping and mainte-
nance of United States prisoners, reported it with
an amendment.
BILLS ON THE CALENDAR.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that Nos. 64, 65, 66,
67, and 68on the general orders—all railroad bills—
