1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
improvements have made railroads an absolute, in-
dispensable necessity, I do not think the, size of the
rafts ought to interfere and break the whole chain
ofcommunieation between theEastand the West.
I hope, therefore, that, as these parties in the
interest have agreed finally to enlarge the span to
two hundred and seventy feet, as there is no con-
troversy about the height of the bridges, and this
bill can only affect three bridges along the Ohio
river, at points where railroad companies, with the
sanction of the opposite States, have built their
roads,and are now muking ready to build bridges,
this bill will be passed at oncc, so as to allow them
to go on with their great improvements, and thus
connect for the first time the East with the West.
I will state another fact. There is now a rail-
road along the lake shore which is one of thegreat
monopolies controlling the business from the East
to the West. There is already another road
called the Pittsburg, Port Wayne, and Chicago
road, that bends around the upper bend of the
Ohio river, and goes on west to Chicago, There
is the Steubenville company, which after great
difficulty from the State of Virginia, has now got
a road built across the Pail-handle of Virginia.
It has only been after along contest with theState
of Virginia, and with local interests, that they
have now got a road built to Steubenville. If they
can get across the Ohio river at Steubenville, they
cut off thirty-four miles, and thus shorten the
distance between Cincinnati and the South and
East at least an hour and a half. If you pass this
bill, they can make their connection at Wheeling
with the Baltimore anil Ohio railroad, and with
the Ohio Central railroad. By this bill you enable
the Bultimoie and Ohio railroad to connect with
the southern roads in Ohio, and thus you have
four or five competing lines for the trade between
the East and the West; and the tendency of this
competition will be to reduce the charges for trans-
porting freight and passengers. As it is now, but
two railroads have thiscontmuous connection. It
is true, the Steubenville road has now an incon-
venient way of getting to Pittsburg, by going
around on the upper bank of the Ohio; but it is
an inconvenience to their neighboring roads, and
they cannot fairly compete with their neighboring
roads.
I think, therefore, the interests of the whole
country, without regard to a State or a section,
demand that these channels of communication
may be opened; that these great railroads may be
set at work competing with each other for the
trade between the East and West; and that can
only be done by Congress authorizing the con-
struction of biidges on such terms as may be
reasonable and proper; and I think that when the
parties in interest, the men who are interested 111
this trade, have agreed not only as to the eleva-
tion that is suitable, but as to the length of the
span, it is not wise or discreet for the Senate to
add to it. I have been told by the parties in in-
terest that if you add to that span, and make it
three hundred feet, it will be practically impossi-
ble to build the bridge atParkersburg. They can-
not get the elevation. Hence, as this matter has
been examined, conned over, talked over by the
men in interest, and they have so far agreed upon
it, 1 hope the Senate will sanction the proposition,
and pass the bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not fuel very much
interested in this particular bill, except as it af-
fects, in principle, the Mississippi river above the
mouth of the Ohio. There is a great deal of
trouble on the Mississippi river, occasioned by
the obstruction to the navigation which is caused
by what is called the Rock Island bridge. This
.bill, as it is now drawn, provides that the space
between the piers shall be two hundred feet, un-
less it has a drawbridge, in which case " not less
than one hundred feet on each side of the pivot,
or central pier of the draw, and that said draw
shall be located immediately over the channel of
the said river, as understood at the time of the
erection of the bridge." This makes a space of
one hundred feet ot channel, as the bill is now
diawn.
Mr. WADE. I will read as I propose to have
it. It is the bill as passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives that the Senator is reading from.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes; I am reading the
bill 011 the table.
Mr. WADE. "Piers not less than two hun-
dred and seventy feet apart" is what I proposed.
" And not less than fifty feet elevation above low
water mark, and the draw shall not be over the
main channel, but over the deepest water next
thereto." That is precisely what I want.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that now.
Two hundred and seventy feet is to be clear of
the water, whether there be a draw or no draw.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. That is not the original bill.
Mr. WADE. No; that is the proposed modi-
fication. The Senator from Minnesota is looking
to the bill as passed by the House.
Mr. WILKINSON. I was reading from the
bill that passed the House of Representatives.
On the Rock Island bridge have been destroyed
millions of property and a great many lives. A
large, number of steamers have heen set on fire at
that bridge, and broken in'two; and although I
have the book in my hand, it is so voluminous
that I cannot turn to it; but it contains a state-
ment of the number of the lives that have been
lostand the amount of property destroyed. I will
turn to it and give the dimensions of that bridge.
It has a draw. In the center of the main channel
a long pier is erected, on which the draw rests.
When the draw is open it leaves a space of about
one hundred and sixteen feet on either side of the
circular pier for the passage of boats and vessels.
The people of the upper Mississippi feel very
great interest in maintaining the free navigation
of that river. I agree with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania in the remarks he made concerning the
interests of the mass of the people in navigating
these rivers.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] stated that
so far as Congress was advised, the people of the
country were all in favor of these bridges across
the Ohio river. It is very clear to my mind how
that impression may have been produced. The
mass of the people, the lumbermen, who are saw-
ing out the lumber, who arc cutting the logs, are
not the men who are prowling aboutCongress for
favors. They know very little about the legisla-
tion of Congress in advance, and you will never
find that class of people—the masses—interfering
very much with the legislation of Congress; but
you will find monopolies—railroad men—plotting
in advance to control the legislation of Congress;
and the only class of men that you will hear of
petitioning Congress on such subjects will be the
very class of men who want the monopoly of the
Ohio river. The Mississippi river above Cairo
is worth more than all the railroads you can con-
struct. The Rock Island bridge has destroyed
sixty vessels in little over a year—equal to the
destruction of sixty locomotives and sixty Mains
of cars, with all their contents. Now, sir, what
would ffentleincn here who are defending the rights
of any"paiticular railroad in this country say if
sixty trains of cars, with a large portion of their
freights, and all their passengers, had been de-
stroyed m a single year by reason of obstructions
to a railroad ? And yet in one year sixty steam-
boats have been destroyed by reason of the ob-
structions created by the Rock Island bridge across
the Mississippi river; many lives have been lost,
and a large number of rafts of lumber. The Sen-
ator from Ohio talks about making little strings
of lumber. He does not know much about lum-
bering, I appiohend. If he undertakes to run what
is called a single string, in the parlance of these
men, down the river a thousand or two thousand
miles, it would treble the expense of running their
lumber. It becomes necessary for them to make
large rafts in order to economize the expense of
running their lumber down the river, and hence
they make them m the most economical form;
they bring their strings of lumber down thesmail
streams, and when they get them into the laige
streams they couple them together, and then they
cannot be uncoupled very well, because it is made
a permanent institution until it gets to the place
of rtcsUmitiofl. >
There is a genera! provision in the third section
of this bill allowing other bridges to be built by
railroad companies over the Ohio river. As I said
before, I do not wish, to interfere very much in
the management of affairs on the Ohio river; I leave
that to tlie gentlemen who represent the commu-
nities along that river; but I do not want a general
principle inaugurated here which will be applied
to the Mississippi river, for there I have an inter-
est, and as to that i have a right to speak. It this
principle of legislation be inaugurated, what will
be the result? Next year, the Rock Island Bridge
Company will come in here and ask .that that-
bridge be made a great public highway and a post
road for the transportation of the mails of the Uni-
ted States so as to meet the decision of the Supreme
Coi, rt in the Wheeling bridge case. If this legis-
lation is to be special, and is not to establish a
general principle which shall control operations
upon the Mississippi river, I have nothing to say,
but am willing that the States bordering on the
Ohio shall settle it; hut if it is sought by these pro-
visions to establish a principle which shall affect
the Mississippi river, I shall oppose the passage
of this bill. It seems to me at any rate that the
third section ought to be stricken out of the bill
even if this particular bridge is chartered. I am
inclined to think that the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio will allow n sufficient pas-
sage way between the piers; I should think so.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish the Senator from Min-
nesota would inform us as to the width of the
piers at Rock Island.
Mr. WILKINSON. There are one hundred
and sixteen feet of clear water on each side of the
central pier upon which the draw turns; but in
these rapid streams, when the water is high and
the current is strong, it isa very difficult matter
often to got through the piers, even where they
are very wide apart, because it is well known that
on these rivers the boats are of very light draught,
and tbe.y do not obey the helm as vessels of a
largerdraughtdo. Theconsequence is that the cur-
rent of the river, when it is very strong, makes
it extremely difficult to confine the boat to a nar-
row channel. Thateverybody knows who knows
anything about the navigation of those rivers.
Very often, I apprehend, there are boats running
up the Ohio river which do not draw over two
feet and a half. Now, if you get a boat that diaws
not. more than two and a half feet m a rapid cur-
rent, where it is confined to two hundred feet, the
current striking the bow of the boat will -wheel it
round against one of these piers in one case out
of three, and it will he almost impossible to get
them through.
I learn from the volume before me, which has
been printed in regard to the disasters at the Rock
Island bridge, that it is frequently blocked up; a
very large number of boats are detained from six
to twenty-four hours in their efforts to get through
the bridge. I am opposed to this bill, because I
think it will inaugurate a genera! system of legis-
lation that will very much disturb the operations
on these great rivers.
Mr. WADE. I am very sorry that my friend
from Minnesota opposes this bill ort the ground
that it is going to furnish any piecedentby which
a bridge will be authorized over another river, a
stream as different from the Ohio river as one thing
possibly can be from another. The currents of the
Mississippi and the Ohio are not alike at all; but
as for that matter, I should not be governed by
any precedent. If a bridge was proposed across
the Mississippi, and it was I he opinion of all those
interested, the opinion of navigators who were ac-
customed to the river, that the proposed work
would be an obstruction to navigation, I should
be the last man to vote for it, as I should be the
last man to vote for this bill if I supposed it was
to havo that effect on the navigalion ofilie Ohio.
It is not pretended here, even by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that this will be detrimental to
the steamboats navigating the Ohio river. Their
owners and navigators, and the commercial men
along there, are not opposed to it for that reason.
Nobody objects for the reason that this bridge is
going to interrupt the navigation of steamboats.
The bridge on the Mississippi, it seems, did that,
and was very disastrous; but these navigators
knew all about that, as well as the Senator did.
These things are not done in a corner. I have
heard of the obstructions to navigation at the Rock
Island bridge; the whole country knows of them;
and yet with these facts before them, notwi thstand-
ing the immense number of steamboat owners and
navigators along the Ohio river, in Cincinnati, in
Pittsburg, in Wheeling, and elsewhere, not one
of them has yetmade any objection to thus bridge.
They do not believe it will obstruct the naviga-
tion. I hope the Senator will not vote against this
bill barely because he fears it will make a prece-
dent by which a like bridge may be established
on the Mississippi river. It will not beso. I his
may be entirely safe on the Ohio river, and yet
