1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Advocates who arc opposed to doing .uiyihin"-
now, Si-natois who tiemblc at the idea of takin<*
the slightest responsibility on this subject, shuffle
it off on to the President, shuffle it off on to com-
ing generations, put it by to a period when it is
impracticable to do anything, and when all you
propose will be totally ineffectual. That is what
I undei stand to be the character of the measure
proposed by the honorable Senatorfrom Vermont,
and also that proposed by the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, for they are one and the same
in effect, in scope, and in principle.
Mr. President, I will notice that also now, as I
do not intend to say another word oil this sub-
ject. I would not now have occupied the atten-
tion of the Senate a moment, if I had not felt my-
self called upon to make a discrimination between
the two classes of bills that are presented to us.
If I could have given a vote upon a single propo-
sition, I should not have found it necessary to say
anything. Now, as I am up, and have had occa-
sion to make these remarks in regard to the two
classes of measures, to show that I do not mis-
state in regard to the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, I desire for a moment
to call the attention of the Senate to that bill, be-
cause I suppose if it should chance that we vote
down the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Vermont, we shall then, in the order of busi-
ness, be called upon next to vote oil this.
One would suppose, after all that has been said
by the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania dep-
recating the power of the bill from the commit-
tee, that he would look in vain to that Senator's
bill to find any power at all touching the punish-
ment of rebels, or touching their property; and
yet, marvellous to say, you find the most extraor-
dinary and the most sweeping power here; you
iind a power that reaches everybody that ever did
take up or ever in contemplation of law could be
supposed to take up arms against the Govern-
ment. I know it is all postponed to a future day;
I know tile power is not to be exercised now; but
I am speaking of the power contemplated in con-
trast with the power that is effective and that is
to be exercised. I ask attention to the first section
o/the Senator's bill. It is " a bill supplemental y
to an act passed the 30th day of April, A. D.1790,
entitled 'An act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States.' " It provides:
" That ill addition to the capital punishment denialml 111
and by the first section of tlie act to which tins 11 a supple-
ment, as the punishment of tieason a^aimt the United
States, the eoiut before whom any person .-hall be tried and
found guilty of treason agamu the United States shall, im-
mediately on the rendition of tile veidict of guilly, as aline-
said, pionoiince and declare all the goods, chattels, rights,
credits, and effects of the pcison so convicted to be lorleited
to the United States."
Now, on that, clause I desire to make this com-
ment. It will be perceived that the terms of the
provision embrace everybody guilty of treason in
the present rebellion; nobody is exempted; it is
a sweeping clause, subjecting everybody to in-
dictment and conviction. Of course, it must be
so, for it is a general bill for punishment; it is not
a bill having reference to the duties of the hour;
it is not a bill to provide lemedies for the Presi-
dent, .to aid liim in putting down the rebellion;
but it is a bill to provide punishment for crime—
that is all. It has no relation whatever to the pres-
ent state of affairs. It does not offer the President
the first item of aid; it does not say to the Pres-
ident " you may do this," or " you may do that;"
but it provides a punishment for crime, and that
is all it proposes. It brings m a whole class of
men, not only six millions, but as many as
can he shown in rebellion, as many as you can
convict technically according to the law of trea-
son, and subjects them to death and the penalty
of the loss of goods, chattels, rights, credits, and
effects. Is there anything in the bill of the com-
mittee as broad as lhat? is there anything as
sweeping as that5 1s there anything in contem-
plation of law that begins to reach that? Hon-
orable Senators ask, "do you expect to put down
the rebellion, to reconstruct this glorious Union,
when you legislate against ail classes;" and yet
here tile honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
deals his blows in all directions; lieie lie proposes
to reduce every man, woman, and child to the
penalty of death and a virtual confiscation of es-
tate, called by another name. The concluding
clause of the first section of the Senator'^ bill is:
<• And the said court shall, also, when pionouiicnig inJg-
ment upon the person so tried and eonvieted ,is iifoicsaid,
declare foneit to the United States all his orhprlands, teti-
hereditaments forand during hisoi hernatural
Here, then, in contemplation of law, the Sena-
tor noes not confine h is bill to a class; he does not
confine it, as is the bill of the committee by the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] to the leaders, the conspirators, the men
whohavegotup the rebellion and who are conduct-
ing it; but he makes an unlimited provision, em-
bracing everybody in the rebellious States as crim-
inals, subjecting them to the penalty of death and
the forfeiture of real and personal estate. 3 know
what the answer to all this is. It is a perfect an-
swer, I admit; but I am speaking of the contem-
plation of the law, and of the terms of the law.
The answer to all this is, that nobody expects that
any one is Lo be indicted. The bill is not expected
to take effect until the rebellion is suppressed,
your courts are restored, and you have got har-
mony; and then it will be a crime to indict any-
body, and thus open afresh the national strife.
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
from Maine allow me to ask him whether he does
not expect, in case the rebellion is put down, that
somebody, the leaders, if you please, shall be in-
dicted, tried, convicted, punished by the laws on
the statute-book?
Mr. MORRILL. My answer to that is, that
I think it very ljkely; and a further answer is,
that there is abundant provision of law for that
now. There is a law 011 the statute-book forpun-
ishing treason; and that can be attended to after
the rebellion. My criticism 011 these bills is, that
while these Senators deprecate the exercise of
power, they contemplate a more arbitrary exer-
cise of power than has ever been conceived of be-
fore. The bill of the Senator from Pennsylvania
would be absolutely a bill of pains and penalties.
It has 110 reference to the present state of alTairs.
It is not designed by its provisions to operate on
the present state of affairs. It will not aid the
President in putting down this rebellion. It has
reference to a state of peace. It only applies to
a condition of affairs when the nation ought to
be in repose. That is the point; and therefore the
bill aids yon nothing; the bill docs not contem-
plate giving the President any aid whatever: and
taking the argumentof the Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania, I feel authorized to say here that it is 1
not designed to give any aid; it is not designed to 1
aid the nation; it is designed to appease the North
with the idea that something is done, when noth-
ing is intended to be done; and under the bill noth-
ing can be done. It postpones the idea of doing
anything until a period when we shall be at peace
and repose, and when, I repeat, to undertake to
prosecute bodies of men, or classes of men, in
those districts, would be little less than criminal.
Sir, when this rebellion has been put down and
suppressed, the arts of peace and the comities of
peace will be our duty and our office. We shall
not feel then that the time has come to institute a
general assize, a general inquiry all over the coun-
try in lebellion, for the purpose of punishing by
indictment, trial, conviction, sentence, forfeiture
of estate. The honorable Senator fioni Vermont
gave you an illustration of the effect of such an
undertaking, when he told you the fate of Jeffreys,
who undertook, after the suppression of the re-
bellion in England, to punish those who had been
engaged in it. All that is practicable to be done
now, and all that ought to be done, should be
done with reference to putting down the rebellion;
and instead of shirking the responsibility, instead
of passing a bill with provisions to be executed
hereafter, instead of throwing upon the President
the responsibility of judging what ought to be
done, this Congress, under the Constitution, the
great war council of the nation, ought to have the
manliness to do their duty, and to advise the
President, to authorize the President, and to di-
rect the President what is proper to be done in the
premises.
The President has no power whatever to con-
fiscate estates. I know that in the march of his
armies he may devastate a country, take posses- :
sion of and occupy it, and use it. I do not doubt
that; but 110 act of his can change the title to a
dollar's worth ofproperty, either real or personal.
It is your authority, yours alone, that can give
him the power to change the title to property,
either leal or personal, instead of strengthening !
his hands, instead of giving him the power when !
1899
he marches his Army to use the property he shall
find, according to the exigencies of his Army and
according as he at the head of the Army may
judge that the interests of the country require—
instead of that, honorable Senators stand here and
argue day after day, deprecating all authority and
the exercise of all power; and yet by sweeping
bills, a perfect non sequitur to their arguments,
they give you provisions to be exercised hereafter,
which nobody supposes ever will be exercised, to
be executed at a time when everybody knows we
shall need to be about something else than pun-
ishing vindictively these persons.
There is one other somewhat extraordinary
provision in the bill of the honorable Senator fr0m
Pennsylvania, to which I desire to advert—not
so extraordinary in its character or its terms, not
so extraordinary in its effect or its purpoit, as in
its principle, and as it is rendered extraordinary
by the argument and speeches of the honorable
Senator. He has deprecated here, day after day,
time after time, the exercise of any power which
by the icmotest implication should interfere with
the relation of slavery. Whatever the Army does,
whatever accidcnts befall it, said the honorable
Senator, he would rejoice in; no man hates the
institution worse than he; but as to putting his
finger on it to do the least thing himself, he is not
the man for that. He is willing, nay, anxious
that slavery should be throttled to death; that is
what he desires, as all men of hisgenerous impulses
must desire; he is willing that the Army should
do it; he greatly desires that the President should
do it; but as to putting anything in a bill himself
and committing himself or the Senate to the re-
sponsibility of advising it, that he does not pro-
pose to do. That was his speech. Now, let us
see what is his hill. Let us see how these prop-
ositions differ, and how widely apart we are in
the end. We talk one thing; but when we come
to put our sentiments in a bill as legislators, let
us see where we are, let us see whether I am much
ahead of the honorable Senator from Pennsylva-
nia.
His bill provides, as I have already said, for an
indictment and conviction of all persons who have
been engaged m the rebellion, and who are under
arms against the Government. It provides that
their real and personal property shall be forfeited.
It provides for the issue of an execution for the
transfer of the title; and the curious thing to which
I desire to invite attention is what the marshal is
to do with that execution. He is to levy it upon
the real estate, and give title to the Government
for the life of the convicted person. He is then
to levy upon all personal estate everywhere, not
only m his district, but-out of it, wherever it can
be found; and having done ail that, he is to do
what else? He is to sell all the choses in action.
What is that? Lawyers know what that means.
What does the bill say > All the real and personal
estate is to be levied on by the marshal under this
warrant, and then he is to hunt up the choses in
action; but there is an exception, and now I will
read the exception;
But whenever such choses in action shall consist of a
right to services fjom anothei as seivant 01 apprentice, for
life or lor a term of jears, then Mich t-crvant 01 apprentice
shall be immediately freed and discharged from ali obliga-
tion or duty to perform such seivices, and the marshal shall
allow hnn.hcr, or them todepart without Jet or hmdcrancc,
to thecarc and control ot their parents orgnnrdians, of such
as are minors, and freely, according to their own will, all
such as are of full a«?e, and not charged with any crime by
warrant in his hands.
The comment I desire to make on that is, that
if such a law is executed, it frees every slave in
the rebel States by necessary implication, and di-
rectly by a power authorized by this Congress.
The bili first authorizes the trial and conviction
of everybody in rebellion; it authorizes the mar-
shal to levy, as a penalty, upon all the real and
personal estate; and it superadds that the mar-
shal, mind you—not the court, not the judgment
of a court, not the order of the President, but this
petty officer, at his own discretion—may free the
slaves of any man against whom he has a warrant.
That is an extraord tnary provision, to say the least
of it, a very extraordinary provision; because it
rests wholly and entirely upon the will of the
marshal, a subordinate and petty officer, to say
whether men shall have their liberty or not.
The next feature about it that strikes me as a
little curious is the phraseology. A great many
of us are willing to see this thing done; a great
