380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July l,
37TH CONS....2D Sis.
Lmvs of the United States.
or to rent or lease the same, or to perform any
and all other acts not hereinbefore specified, one
dollar.
Probate of will, or letters of administration:
Where the estate and effects for or in respect
of which such probate or letters of administration
applied for shall be sworn or declared not to ex-
ceed the value of two thousand five hundred dol-
lars, fifty cents.
To exceed two thousand five hundred dollars
and not exceeding five thousand dollars, one
dollar.
To exceed five thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding twenty thousand dollars, two dollars.
To exceed twenty thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding fifty thousand dollars, five dollars.
To exceed fifty thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding one hundred thousand dollars, ten dollars.
Exceeding one hundred thousand dollars and
not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, twenty dollars.
And for every additional fifty thousand dollars,
or fractional part thereof, ten dollars.
Protest:
Upon the protestof every note, bill of exchange,
acceptance,check or draft, or any marine protest,
whether protested by a notary public or by any
other officer who may be authorized by the law of
any State or States to make such protest, twenty-
five cents.
Warehouse receipt for any goods, merchandise,
or property of any kind held on storage in any
public or private warehouse or yard, twenty-five
cents.
Legal documents:
Writ, or other original process, by which any
suit is commenced in any court of record, either
law or equity, fifty cents.
Provided, That no writ, summons, or other pro-
cess issued by a justice of the peace, or issued in
any criminal or other suits commenced by the
United States or any State, shall be subject to the
payment of stamp duties: .find provided further,
That the stamp duties imposed by the foregoing
schedule B on manifests, bills of lading, and pas-
sage tickets, shall not apply to steamboats or other
vessels plying between ports of the United States
and ports in British North America.
Schedule C.
Medicines or preparations:
For and upon every packet, box, bottle, pot,
phial, or other inclosure, containing any pills,
powders, tinctures, troches or lozenges, sirups,
cordials, bitters, anodynes, tonics, plasters, lin-
iments, solves, ointments, pastes, drops, waters,
essences, spirits, oils, or other preparations or
compositions whatsoever, made and sold, or re-
moved for consumption and sale, by any person
or persons whatever, wherein the person making
or preparing the same has, or claims to have,
any private formula or occult secret or art for the
making or preparing the same, or has, or claims
to have, any exclusive right or title to the making
or preparing the same, or which are prepared,
uttered, vended, or exposed for sale under any
letters-patent, or held out or recommended to the
public by the makers, venders, or proprietors
thereof as proprietary medicines, or as remedies
or specifics for any disease, diseases, or affections
whatever affecting the human or animal body, as
follows: where such packet, box, bottle, pot,
phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall
not exceed, at the retail price or value, the sum of
twenty-five cents, one cent.
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of twenty-five cents, and riot
exceed the retail price or value of fifty cents, two
cents.
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of fifty cents, and shall not
exceed the retail price or value of seventy-five
* cents, three cents.
When such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail pi ice or value of 3eventy-five cents, and shall
not exceed the retail price or value of one dollar,
four cents.
When such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of one dollar, for each and
every fifty cents or fractional part thereof over and
above one dollar, as before mentioned, an addi-
tional two cents.
Perfumery and cosmetics:
For and upon every packet, box, bottle, pot,
phial, or other inclosure, containing any essence,
extract, toilet water, cosmetic, hair oil, pomade,
hair dressing, hair restorative, hair dye, tooth-
wash, dentifrice, tooth-paste, aromatic cachous,
or any similar articles, by whatsoever name the
same heretofore have been, now are, or may here-
after be called, known, or distinguished, used or
applied, or to be used or applied as perfumes or
applications to the hair, mouth, or*skin, made,
prepared, and sold or removed for consumption i
and sale in the United States: where such packet,
box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its
contents, shall not exceed, at the retail price or
value, the sum of twenty-five cents, one cent.
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed
the retail price or value of twenty-five cents, and
shall not exceed the retail price or value of fifty
cents, two cents.
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed
the retail price or value of fifty cents, and shall
not exceed the retail price or value of seventy-five
cents, three cents.
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents^shall exceed the
retail price or value of seventy-five cents, and
shall not exceed the retail price or value of one
dollar, four cents.
Where jjuch packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of one dollar, for each and
every fifty cents or fractional part thereof over
and above the one dollar, as before mentioned, an
additional two cents.
Playing cards:
For and upon every pack of whatever number,
when the price per pack does not exceed eighteen
cents, one cent.
Over eighteen cents and not exceeding twenty-
five cents per pack, two cents.
Over twenty-five and not exceeding thirty cents
per pack, three cents.
Over thirty and not exceeding thirty-six cents
per pack, four cents.
Over thirty-six cents per pack, five cents.
legacies and distributive shakes of personal
property.
Sec. 111. And be it further enacted, That any
person or persons having in charge or trust, as
administrators, executors, or trustees of any leg-
acies or distributive shares arising from personal
property, of any kind whatsoever, where the
whole amount of such personal property, as afore-
said, shall exceed the sum of one thousand dol-
lars in actual value, passing from any person who
may die after the passage of this act possessed of
such property, either by will or by the intestate
laws of any State or Territory, or any part of such
property or interest therein, transferred by deed,
grant, bargain, sale, or gift, made or intended to
take effect in possession or enjoyment after the
death of the grantor or bargainor, to any person
or persons, or to any body or bodies-politic or
corporate, in tiust or otherwise, shall be, and
hereby are, made subject to a duty or tax, to be
paid to the United States, as follows, that is to
say:
First. Where the person or persons entitled to
any beneficial interest in such property shall be
the lineal issue or lineal ancestor, brother or sis-
ter, to the person who died possessed of such
property, as aforesaid, at and after the rate of sev-
enty-five cents for each and every hundred dollars
of the clear value of such interest in such prop-
erty.
Second. Where the person or persons entitled
to any beneficial interest in such property shall
be a descendant of a brother or sister of the per-
son who died possessed, as aforesaid, at and after
the rate of one dollar and fifty cents for each and
every hundied dollars of the clear value of such
interest.
Third. Where tbe person or persons entitled to
any beneficial interest in such property shall be a
brother or sister of the father or mother, or a de-
scendant of a brother or sister of the father or
motherof the person who died possessed, as afore-
said, at and after the rate of three dollars for each
and every hundred dollars of the clear value of
such interest.
Fourth. Where the person or persons entitled
to any beneficial interest in such property shall
be a brother or sister of the grandfather or grand-
mother, or a descendant of the brother or sister
of the grandfather or grandmother of the person
who died possessed, as aforesaid, at and after the
rate of four dollars for each and every hundred
dollars of the clear value of such interest.
Fifth. Where the person or persons entitled to
any beneficial interest in such property shall be
in any other degree of collateral consanguinity
than is hereinbefore stated, or shall be a stranger
in blood to the person who died possessed, as
aforesaid, or shall be a body-politic or corporate,
at and after the rate of five dollars for each and
every hundred dollars of the clear value of such
interest: Provided, That all legacies or property
passing by will, or by the laws of any State or
Territory, to husband or wife of the person who
died possessed, as aforesaid, shall be exempt from
tax or duty.
Sec. 112. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the tax
or duty aforesaid shall be a lien and charge upon
the property of every person who may die as
aforesaid, until the same shall be fully paid to and
discharged by the United States; and every exec-
utor, administrator, or other person who may
take the burden or trust of administration upon
such property shall, after taking such burden or
trust, and before paying and distributing any por-
tion thereof to the legatees or any parties entitled
to beneficial interest therein, pay to the collector
or deputy collector of the district the amount of
the duty or tax, as aforesaid, and shall also make
and render to the assistant assessor of the district
a schedule, list, or statement of the amount of
such property, together with the amount of duty
which has accrued or shouldaccrue thereon, veu-
fied by his oath or affirmation, to be administered
and certified thereon by some magistrate or offi-
cer having lawful power to administer such oaths,
in such form and manner as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, which
schedule, list, or statement shall contain the names
of each and every person entitled to any benefi-
cial interest therein, together with the clear value
of such interest, which schedule,list, or statement
shall be by him delivered to such collector; and
upon such payment and delivery of such sched-
ule, list, or statement, said collector or deputy
collector shall grant to such person paying such
duty or tax a receipt or receipts for the same in
duplicate, which shall be prepared as is herein-
after provided; such receipt or receipts, duly
signed and delivered by such collector or deputy
collector, shall be sufficient evidence to entitle the
person who paid such duty or tax as having taken
the burden or trust of administering such prop-
erty or personal estate to be allowed for such pay-
ment by the person or persons entitled to the ben-
eficial inteiest in respect to which such tax or duty
was paid; and such person administering such
property or personal estate shall be credited and
allowed such payment by every tribunal which,
by the laws of any State or Territory, is or may
be empowered to decide upon and settle the ac-
counts of executors and administrators; and in
case such person who has taken the burden or
trust of administering upon any such property or
personal estate shall refuse or neglect to pay the
aforesaid duty or tax to the collector or deputy
collector, as aforesaid, within the time herembe-
foie provided, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver
to said collector or deputy collector the schedule,
list, or statement of such legacies, property, or
personal estate under oath, as aforesaid, or shall
deliver to said collector or deputy collector a false
schedule or statement of such legacies, property,
or personal estate, or give the names and ieht-
tionship of the persons entitled to beneficial inter-
ests therein untruly, or shall not truly and cor-
rectly set forth and state therein the clear value
of such beneficial interest, or where no adminis-
tration upon such property or personal estate shall
have been granted or allowed under existing laws,
the proper offie'er of the United States shall com-
