2860
THE OONGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 21,
suffer. The lumberman in the woods will not get
any less forwhathedoes, whether you obstruct the
navigation or not. That, however, is no argument
with me for obstructing it. I do not for that rea-
son argue that the stream should be obstructed;
and I say it will not be sensibly obstructed; and
if it were, I should have as much reason to op-
pose it as the Senator from Pennsylvania. I am
persuaded, in view of the compromise agreed upon
by all the interests coneerned,by the enlightened,
intelligent men who have reflected upon it, and
have an interest in it, that they are right in the
conclusion that this will be no injury to any of
them, and that we can subserve the interests of
all by confirming what they have agreed to.
I will not detain the Senate further. 1 will only
say again that if the Senator's amendment shall
prevail, I suppose the ability to erect a bridge
over the Ohio river will be destroyed.
Mr, DIXON. Some allusion has been made to
the width of the bridge between the piers. It must
be evident, f think, to everybody that nothing
ought to be left to hazard with regard to the safety
ofpublictransportationacrosssuchabridge. The
consequences of any defective building of a bridge
would be, of course, terrible; and as the Senator
from Ohio has said, the committee thought that
this width of two hundred and seventy feet was
as great as could safely be allowed. I believe it
is too great; but it is apparent to every one with-
out much knowledge of mechanics, that every foot
of extension after that adds greatly to the risk,
and, I may say, to the weakness of the bridge. 1
hope, therefore, that whatever we do in regard to
this matter we shall see to it that the transporta-
tion across the river, if permitted, shall be safe to
the public.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the single point
of the cost of a bridge, I have been informed that
the cost of a bridge of two hundred and seventy
feet span is more than double the cost of a biidge
of two hundred feet span; the piers have to be
higher and heavier, and ail the wood work has to
be very largely increased; all the bracings and
supports have to bo very much increased. If you
doufcle the base of a cube, instead of doubling the
capacity of it you make it eight times as great.
A cube of two feet base would only contain one
eighth the space of a cube of four feet base. So
when you lengthen a bridge you add to the cost
of the bridge, and to the weakness of the bridge
also, in about the same proportion as the cube
would bear to the square root; that, I believe, is
the general iulc. A bridge of fifty feet span may
be built of comparatively li^ht limber. I do not
know in this country a bridgeof two hundiedand
seventy feet span; there may be, but I do not know
of one but the iron bridges and wire bridges. The
celebrated tubular bridge across the Menai Straits
must be two thousand feet long, if I recollect
unght—very long indeed, but it is built entirely
of iron. The longest iron bridges are built where
the supports are above the piers; in all the wooden
bridges, as a matter of course, you have to rest
the support on the base of the pieisund make long
curved stretches—I cannot give the technical term.
The addition of thnty feet moie to the span of
this bridge of two hundred and seventy feet, in
my judgment, will not only endanger the safety
of the bridge, but add vastly to its expense, and
it will make the elevation gieater. 1 think, there-
fore, it is a very serious matter. I have been told
by persons interested in this bridge, and theie-
fore,I suppose, ) ou must take it. with &ome giams
of allowance, that they cannot build a bridge of
three hundred feet span with the elevation they
have, especially at Paikeisbura, where the ground
is low on the Virginia side of the river where I hey
must build, and uheie if you require more than
two hundi-ed and seventy feet span it will be im-
possible for them to build the bridge so as to make
it practicable. That is what they say. To be
sure, it is the testimony of interested parties, and
i give it to you for what it is worth.
Mr. GRIMES. I concui in vei y much that has
been said by the Senator fiom Connecticut that
thi^is a very important question. Whichever
way we decide it, human life may be hazarded.
If we allow a bridge to be built here improperly,
where it will obstruct the current and destroy
boats as they pass through, we thereby hazard
human life. Some of the citizens of my own town
have lost their lives by attempting to pass in a
steamboat through the draw at the Rock Island
bridge on the Mississippi river. It seems to me
that there is not that information before the Sen-
ate which we ought to have in order to pass upon
a question of such magnitude as this. We have
at the head of the Topographical Bureau at this
time Colonel Long, who has been for the last forty
years, I believe, one of the most eminent bridge-
builders of the country. I should like the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to have a conference with him before we
are called upon to pass the bill. He is not only
eminent as a bridge-builder and engineer, but he
has for many years had charge of the western river
improvements, and been stationed at Louisville,
so that he is perfectly familiar with the Ohio river.
I desire to move, therefore, that the bill be recom-
mitted, or that it he on the table, it is immaterial
which, until we can have some understanding on
the subject, and get more accurate information than
we have.
Mr. COWAN. Let it be recommitted.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Those gentlemen who have been
before the committee may be engineers or may not
be; I do not know who they were; but they do
not speak to us with that authority which some of
our own engineers, men of eminence and skill in
that department, could speak. I am one of those
who do not want to throw the slightest obstruction
in the way either of commerce by the way of the
railroad or commerce by way of the river. I want
to do whatever is right; but I should like to have
some more accurate information than I now have
on the subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the State of Wisconsin
we have had a little experience in building railroad
bridges over a navigable stream which is navi-
gated by rafts—I refer to the Wisconsin river and
the building of three railroad bridges by the Mil-
waukee and Mississippi Railroad Company, as it
crosses that river three times. In our experience
one very important thing was found—that the
pieis of these bridges must be built in the line of
the current of the river. While our Legislature
imposed upon them a lestnction as to the width
between the piers, which I do not now remember,
they did not, I believe, in the bill itself, provide
that the piers should be in the line of the cut rent, or
that the bridge should go directly across the river.
Perhaps the latter point was impossible, but the
main point is that the pieis should be on a line
With the current of the river. We have had some
considerable difficulty with the rafts in passing
down the Wisconsin river being biokenon these
piers, and considerable damages have been paid
from time to time by the railroad companies.
1 desire simply to say that 1 find myself m the
position of the Senator from Iowa. I have not suf-
ficient evidence on which to form myjudgmentand
to decide between these two propositions, whether
tins diaw should be two hundred and seventy
feet or three hundred feet wide. I fit were possi-
ble that a biidge could be built and made safe, of
three hundred feet span, even if the lailroad com-
pany were required to build it of non at an addi-
tional expense of fifty or one bundled thousand
dollars, 1 would not consent that it should be any
narrower. While I agree that the modern demands
of commerce and transposition require that we
shall have the privilege of crossing rivers, as well
as navigating them up and down the stream, I still
insist that where railroads undertake to cross them
with substantial bridges they shall make the least
possible obstiuction to the navigation of the rivers;
and if it be practicable that by the building of an
iron bridge they can give a span of three bundled
feet, 1 would insist upon their doing it if it was at an
additional expense of fifty or one hundred thou-
sand dollars, even at every crossing, for £100,000
is not any very great matter to a railroad company
in building an important bridge.
1 hope the motion to recommit will prevail, that
the Post Office Committee on that subject may
take the testimony of eminent engineers', that the
Senate may be informed and know the difference
between the expense of a wooden bridge and an
iron bridge, and how laige the span can be made
with safety to a raiiioad bridge.
Mr. WADE. I shall not resist this motion,
because I have no doubt that T am right,and ihnf
the bill is right; but i hope it will be returned as
soon as it possibly can be; for there is a neces-
sity, if we are to act on this subject, that we act
as speedily as possible. This bridge is in process
of construction; and it is necessary to avail our-
selves of that season of the year in which alone it
can be constructed. It will be necessary to change
the piers; and it will be exceedingly detrimental
to the company if it is not determined for or against
them at an early period. I do not resist the mo-
tion to recommit; but I shall insist on the bill bein®'
brought back as soon as possible.
Mr. COWAN. I have a single word to say.
I am in favor also of recommitting this bill. I feel
its importance, and I desire that what we do shall
be done knowingly and wisely in the premises.
I desire as well, however, to inquire whether a
wooden bridge can be built over a three hundred
feet span. 1 desire also to have the opportu-
nity of biinging before the committee testimony
as to the necessities of the stream in the width of
the passage to be allowed, because even if three
hundred feetshould be allowed it may be too small,
and I want an opportunity to inform the commit-
tee thoroughly upon that subject by men who are
engaged in the actual practical navigation of the
river and wiio know its wants and requirements.
I hope, therefore,that the bill will be recommitted,
and an opportunity given to produce testimony
on these points.
Mr. POWELL. I am in favor of the recom-
mitment of this bill, but I shall oppose the pas-
sage of any bill that allows a pier to be placed in
the Ohio river. I regard the Ohio river and its
free navigation as of more importance than all the
railroads m America, and every pier that is placed
there will stand in all time, or as long as it does
stand, an impediment to the free navigation of the
stream. 1 had drawn up a resolution that 1 had
intended to propose"; but I will not do it, as the
Senator from Iowa has made the motion to re-
commit. I will read the resolution, however, to
indicate my judgment on the subject-matter:
Rcsolrctl, That the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on the Post Office und Post lloadd, with mstiuetions to re-
poit a hill authorizing railway companies lo build suspen-
sion or tubular budges aciossthe Ohm river, bridges to pprm
the river, and to be not less than ntr.ety-live feet above low
water matk.
I have no objection to building bridges across
the Ohio river; I think the demands of commerce
require th«>m; but in my judgment those bridges,
should beeithertubularoriron suspension budges
such as to span the entire stream. Gentlemen talk
of two hundred feet being sufficient for the pur-
poses of navigation. We should have the whole
river. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
says tubular bridges must have piers. I under-
stand tubular bridges have been built with a span
of nine hundred feet. I know but little of bridges.
My object is to have a bill reported that shall re-
quire the entire river to be spanned by a bridge.
That can be done we know with iron suspension
bridges, and these are the only description of
bridge m my judgment that Congress should al-
low to be built over that stream. If you have a
space of two hundred feet, I venture to say that
nine rafts out of ten going through, if the wind is
high, will strike on one or the other of the piers.
Steamboats can get through much more readily;
but every Senator must know that these rafts are
not only very large and very sluggish, but they
are very difficult to control,and the winds and cur-
rents take them almost at pleasure, and any pier
you putm that river will forever interrupt its navi-
gation, and such will be the loss of life and prop-
erty if these bridges are built at many places across
the river, that the whole country will be startled.
Bridges can be built which will span the entire
stream, and companies should be compelled, if
they build at all, to build bridges that will span
the entne stream. I will go for the motion of the
Senatoi from Iowa and will not now offer the reso-
lution ; but if the committee lepoi t anything that
does not come up to the indications of this reso-
lution, I shall move to send it back to them with
these instructions.
The motion to recommit the bill was agreed to.
PAY OF ARMY 01TICKK3.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We acted
yesterday upon the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the biil (S. jN*o. 175) to define
and regulate the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of tin* Army,and forothor purposes,and
appointed a committee of conference upon it. It
is found to-day, on examination, that the printer
made a mistake m printing the amendments, and
