1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
many of us are willing* to see the slaves free, and
we are willing to let them run; but we do not like
to take the word <s freedom" on our iips; we do
not like to pronounce the judgment; we do not
like to say we will emancipate. The honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania has discovered a rem-
edy at last by which We can do the thing- without
taking the word upon our lips. Defining the negro
" a chose in action,33 he finds it not difficult to
free all the slaves of all the rebels, preserve our
constitutional scruples, keep our party fidelity
and pledges, and point triumphantly to this bill
and say to the world, " we have taken the word
4 negro* from our iips; we have simply said to
'choses in action' who are minors, 4 depart, and
go to your parents or guardians-/ and to the
adults the cabalistic words, ' freely, according to
your will. * "
Of course, Mr. President, this comment is no
part of my argument. Myargumentis,thatwhile
both the honorable Senators from Pennsylvania
and Vermont deprecate the exercise of the power
contained in this bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary, which is limited and confined to the
present state of affairs, looks to no remote or un-
certain future, contemplates doing what the Pres-
ident shall find necessary to be done to put down
the rebellion, they both put in their bills ample
power to do vastly more than is contemplated in
this bill, the only difference in this respect being
that they postpone it to a period when—I do not
Say by design—every man must see that it is im-
practicable to do any thing. This suggestion brings
me back to the point at which I began, that there
are but two classes of propositions before us. One
is a measure for effective, earnest, active effort to
put down the rebellion, arming thePresidentwith
such power as he shall deem necessary to put it
down, no more; authorizing him to take hold of
the real and the personal estate of the rebels, sup-
port his Army upon it, do what is riccessary to
restore peace, do what is necessary for the wel-
fare of the nation, nothing more, and it looks to
no remote or uncertain future. It docs not author-
ize him to do the first act he may not deem neces-
sary to be done to put down the rebellion. That
is the limit, that is the extent, that is the upshot
and purport of the whole measure.
I can hardly conceive how any loyal or patri-
otic man con enter ins dissent to the exercise of
such power. To deprecate that power is to say
that you will aim your President wifh no power;
it is to place him at the head of his forces, desti-
tute of adequate means, and say to him, " wc take
no responsibility; we raise an army, we equip it;
the Constitution puts you at the head of if; we
give you no advice; we cowcr before the great
events of the hour; we have not the manhood to
say to you, 4 sir, we authorize you to take the
property of the rebels; we hope you will; we think
you will, possibly; but as to us, the representa-
tives of the people, the great war power of the
Governmentby the Constitution; we advise noth-
ing, we propose nothing; wc do not uphold your
hands, we will not strengthen you or encourage
you; do what you do on your own responsibil-
ity.' "
For these reasons, Mr. President, I am opposed
to this proposition of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, and of course to the proposition of the
honorable Senator fiom Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not rise to
discuss the merits of any of the propositions be-
fore the Senate. There are a good many of them.
I am not prepared to discuss them. I have not
considered them. My attention has been occu-
pied by other matters. The science of confisca-
tion I have not been able to investigate. Upon the
sublimerscienceof taxation I may, perhaps,from
my position, be considered one of the most learned
men in the Senate, except my associates upon the
Committee on Finance. If 1 was as intelligent on
the subjectof confiscation as I am upon the other,
I should endeavor to say something upon this
matter to-night. I have not been able, positively,
to read these different bills. The only speeches
I have been able to hear were the speech of the
honorable Senator from Vermont the other day
when offering his substitute, and the speeches of
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator
from Maine this afternoon. I read with a great
deal of care and interest a speech delivered some
day§ since by the honorable Senator from Illinois"
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr!
Trumbull.] I have read a portion of the speech
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.} I
have a large volume of speeches nicely packed up
at home, which, if fortune favors nie, I propose
to examine as soon as I can; and I have no doubt
that when I have read them all, I shall be very
intelligent upon the subject of confiscation. I rise
this afternoon to make a very few suggestions
upon some of the arguments which have been em-
ployed by the advocates and by the opponents of
these measures. I am advised by my friend, the
Senator from Maine, who has just taken his seat,
that I must not judge the measures themselves by
the character of the arguments, and therefore I
shall not do it. If I did, I should oppose pretty
much the whole of them. I have listened to a
great many suggestions from different opponents
of this measure, to which I wish to enter my dis-
sent now.
It is said that the country is excited. I do not
dissent from that proposition. It is said that there
is a great deal of bitter feeling enlisted, and that
the tendency of such a measure will be to increase
the excitement, to inflame passions already at
white heat, to shake the confidence of the friends
of the Government, to increase the animosity of
the enemies of the Government. I deny that
either of these consequences can legitimately fol-
low. If they do follow, it will not be the fault of
the bill. The question lias been very pertinently
put by different Senators and at different times,
whether this is a war for this purpose or for that
purpose, to seize property, to emancipate slaves—
whether these are the purposes of the war? 1 sup-
pose not; I do not know anybody who asserts
that they are. Indeed, I do not know that the
Governmentare caliedupon to define the purposes
of the war. They did not make it. It came from
an entirely different quarter, and those who ori-
ginated it, I suppose, know what they meant by it.
Ail Senators who are curious to know what the
pui pose of the war is, I respectfully refer to those
inspired authorities who made it; not to the Gov-
ernment or its friends.
Mr. President, so far as I have invested any-
thing in this war, it is for a very simple and single
purpose. 1 will state it. I do not know that I
shall ever have a better opportunity, and I do not
think this is a very good one. It is to demon-
strate what I undeistand to be the fundamental
principle of your Constitution, that one man is as
good before the law as another, and that there-
fme twenty millions aie better than ten millions,
each man being equal before the law. "When that
is demonstrated, the war will be ended, and I
shall have no further occasion for the war, and
therefore shall not want to perpetuate it an hour
beyond that moment. Before the war commenced
that was the status of every citizen of the United
States; when it is ended, if I consent to its termi-
nation , that will again be the status of every citi-
zen of the United States; and why the war hap-
pened was simply because some eight or ten
millions of the population of the United States
had been dreaming for a great many years that
they were better than any simifar eight or ten mil-
lions; stronger, abler to make conditions, abler to
pass laws and expound them, abler to administer
government, abler, in fact, to do it than twenty
millions. They undertook to demonstrate this,
not under the ballot-box, but with the cartridge-
box; not by ballots, but by bayonets. That is
why the war happens.
Now, sir, 1 am inclined to think from the temper
with which these different measures are discussed,
that some of them are very bad. I cannot say
that the worst of them will not pass. What then?
It will be enacted by the representatives of the
people of the United States, and it will be the
judgment of those representatives that the measure
is right. That judgment is not final. They may
mistake as to their power to enact the particular
measure. Their judgment upon that is not final;
there is another tribunal to rehear, to revise, and
to reverse that decision, if it deems it proper to do
so. Admitting that they have authority to pass
the particular measure, it may be unwise, inex-
pedient, unjust, to enact it. Our judgments upon
these matters are not final; an appeal lies, but to
whom? To the American people, and to nobody
else in this world—not to the rebel hosts wh.o are
in arms against us; not to any of their sympa-
thizers, if they have them, who are not in arms
against us; but an appeal lies to the American
people. They can reverse this sentence; they can
reverse our judgment on this question of expedi-
ency; and they can send up representatives to cor-
rect the blunder we make,if we make one. These
are all the evil consequences that I admit can flow
from a mistake on these questions. When, there-
fore, Senators tell me that the enactment of that
measure pr this will unite a certain portion of the
country in a more determined, combined, reso-
lute hostility to the Government, I say that is no
argument why the bill should not pass; for if we
have anything in the wide world to demonstrate
by this revolution, it is the right of the represent-
atives of the people to pass just such laws as they
see fit to pass while they are here, and the penalty
ofpassingabad law is the forfeiture of their seats,
and not the destruction of the Government under
which they hold their seats.
That is all I care to say at this time in reference
to the arguments which have been employed
against these measures; and now I have one or two
remarks to make touching the arguments which
have been urged in their favor. I have listened
to them this afternoon. It is very evident that the
Senate are not agreed as to what sort of a measure
ought to be cnacted. I voted yesterday to commit
these several propositions to a select committee
of the Senate. 1 thought I might well hesitate,
might well be excused for bavins: some doubt as
to which road I had better travel, when the dis-
tinguished Senator from Illinois pointed me to one,
the distinguished Senatoi fiom Vermont pointed
me to another, the Senator from Pcnnnsylvunia to
another, and the Senator from Ohio to another—
able counselors all. I could not follow the direc-
tion that every one of them gave me; and without
the opportunity to satisfy myself which was the
best road to take, it did seem to me that I mii>ht
well hesitate a little whose advice to take; and I
thought it would be well enough to submit all
these propositions to a committee of the Senate,
let them compare them all, and let them finally
report some one such as they should agree upon,
and we should have the authority of one commit-
tee of the body then for the measure before us. I
do not understand that we have the authority of
any committee for any measure now before the
Senate, though 1 believe the bill submitted by the
Senator from Illinois was reported from the Judi-
ciary Committee. I understand that committee
not to be united upon it; and one of the leading
members of the committee has himself introduced
a different measure from this; ho w different it is I
am not yctinformed. Under such circumstances,
I think I might be pardoned for doubting; I think
I might be pardoned for a little hesitation; and I
was not prepared to hear the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts say to-day that he had no respect for
those who could doubt or who could hesitate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator is certainly mistaken; I did not so intend to
be understood. I said that 1 did not respect these
doubts. I did not mean that I do not respect the
gentlemen who utter these things. What I meant
to say was that these doubts do not influence me.
Mr. HOWE. I was very confident that the
Senator from Massachusetts was not influenced
by any doubts; nothing was clearer to my appre-
hension than that; but I did understand him to
say that he had no respect whatever for those who
had these doubts; and being one of the doubting
kind myself, I felt as though I was hit by the re-
mark. I felt, aho, as though I was hit by another
remark which fell from the lips of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and by a similar remark
which fell from the lips of the Senator from Maine,
which Wc's, that the passage of these measures was
obstructed by the prejudices of association on the
one side, and by the timidity of men on the other.
The Senator from Maine spoke of Senators trem-
bling at the idea of taking any responsibility what-
ever—of cowering before the responsibilities of
the hour. I say I felt hit by these remaiks, be-
cause I belong to the timid class, and of coursc
they could not fail to mean me.
Mr. President, I am a little timid about these
matters; but I do not submit to the justice of that
reflection which suggests to the Senate or to the
country that my fear or timidity arises from any
dread of meeting theenemy with which the coun-
try is now engaged, [t is not the fear of the rebels
that particularly distresses me. The rebels do not
vote for Senators and members of Congress up in
Wisconsin; they do not enjoy the right of suffrage
