1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
thore. I urn a little afraid of doing wrong; I am
a little afraid of making a mistake, because these
questions are all novel; we have no precedents to
guide us; they are new to us; we have but little
light before us; and we may make a mistake, the
best of us, the most careful, the most prudent.
Besides that, I have not the time to devote to these
matters that others have; 1 have not had; I do not
know how much I may have before I am called
upon to vote.
But I want to say, for the admonition of Sen-
ators, that it is not the most conclusive evidence
in the world of cowardice that a man hesitates to
support the bill reported by the Senator from Illi-
nois from the Judiciary Committee. That may
not be the dangerous path. Nay, sir, we all know,
if there is any safe path, politically considered,
that is, for the repiesentative of a State like that
I represent. For the representative of any north-
ern State that is the safe and the prudent course to
take. But I want to say here to-day, once for all,
that the one fear Which embarrasses me as much
as any other is the fear that I may cast a vote
which will give offense to as good men as breathe
in the world, men from whose judgments mine
may possibly differ, and men rather than offend
whom I would almost submit to any personal con-
sequence. That is the fear which embarrasses me
as much as any other. It is not the fear of any
eloquence which can be poured out on my head
here, or any invective which can be heaped upon
me; nor is it the fear of any hostility I may excite
in those who are the sworn and avowed enemies
of the country. I think I passed by all fearof that
portion of the people of the United States a groat
many months ago. I trust never to come within
the range of it again, if I ever was within range
of it.
Now, I have to beg that in the future discussion
of this subject all these appeals, all these sugges-
tions shall be left out of view. Let it be assumed
that we all, who stand here representing the differ-
ent States of the Union, are animated by a com-
mon purpose, that is to xiphoid tho Union and the
Government of the Union; that if we differ as to
the measures which are best calculated to uphold
the Union and to defend its Government, it is an
honest difference; and let no man assume, because
he favors this measure or that, that therefore he
is at heart a better friend of tin) country than one
who dissents from that particular measure. As
for myself, I have never vcntuied to assume and
to wear upon my forefront that inscription of
"Holiness to the Lord." I do not care at this
late day to mount it. I wantthe Senate to believe
what i have made myself believe, that I shall en-
deavor to be as true to my convictions when I
form them, and reflect them by my votes as reli-
giously here and as fearlessly here as any man I
am honored with a seat by the ,side of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senaloi from Massachusetts to
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 send to the desk an amend-
ment which I propose to offer hereafter, and I
ask that it may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jind be it further enactcd, That the title to all the prop
crty ami right^of evciy description declared to be lorfeited
under tin-Tact, shall upon such I'oifeituie vest in the follow-
ing described poisons and the loyal repiesentatives of such
a> may be deceased, viz : all pewm  who may have entered
into the military, naval, or marine service, or any business
or duty connected with them, or either of them, dutmsjthe
exi&ting rebellion, and who may have died or become per-
manently disabled in such service; arid all persons who-e
propeity", leal ot peisonal,or who.-edebt^,choresmaction,
or othei uglit*, legal or equitable, may have been forfeited,
confiscated, seized, couveitcd, appropriated, or detained
by tne pietended government of the so-called confederate
States of Ameiica, oi anv of them, or any piovwonal gov-
ernment ot any othei of the United State-, oi by any poi-
son or pei-ou^ aeung toi or m their name. And the pci-ons
in whom the piopei iv herein declaied to be forfeited f-hall
vest a* asore^aul. may institute suitor Mitts,as in cases for
the fox eclogue of moitirasp:?, in any circuit ordi&ti let court
of the United .States m anv State or Territory in which any
property, &e., or debt, may be lound or owing, and have
the Mime or -o much theieof <sold by tue judgment and de-
ciec of the court ai will bo sufficient to -.it:-l'v the claim or
claim* of the poison oi peison* intituling such ptoceedmg.
And all peisons dying m the sciviee of the United Stat's,
as atoic-aid, shall be bold and adjudjied to have a ela'm
upon the piop«'rtv, &e , herein declared to be toi teited. ".e'h j
for ilie sum of $o.U!)0, and all oilier poisons in whon the j
tiLle thereto is heicin declined to ve-t sbaii be held and ad- ;
jndsod to have a claim on the -aiue to th" amount of dam- j
age^ i hey may have sustained asafoie^aid, to be ascertained |
by a juiy to be impanneled for that purpose by the couit i
in which the proceedings may be instituted. Suit may be
instituted under this act in the name or names of the: per-
son or ppr-on« having claim or claims on the forfeited prop-
erty, or hi-> or their legal representatives, or the assignee or
assignees} of either of fhem, and all claims shall be satisfied
in the order in which bint for them may be commenced.
Mr. DAVIS. Iam not going to enter upon a
discussion of the general principles and features
of the bill, because 1 have done that at consider-
able length heretofore, but I will say a few words
in this connection in regard to some of its features
and provisions.
There is only one essential difference between
members of the Senate in relation to the subject
under consideration,as I apprehend their opinions
and their views. A portion of the Senate act in
conformity to the purpose avowed so frankly by
the Senator from Massachusetts, who is at the
head of the Military Committee, that one of his
paramount objects in the passage of this bill is to
free the slaves. If that could be dropped by mem-
bers of the Senate, it seems to me that we should
speedily agree generally upon a measure embra-
cing the punishment of the rebels and the confis-
cation of their property.
1 utterly deny the power of Congress, directly
or indirectly, to emancipate a slave in the States.
That, though, is the purpose, and one of the prin-
cipal puiposes, of this bill and of the gentlemen
who supportit. Carthagodelendaest; slaverymust
be destroyed; that is the purpose and the fixed de-
termination of a large number of gentlemen m the
Senate Chamber, as I believe; and if the question
were propounded to them to-day, and they had
the option to decide it, are you witling to take a
reconstruction of the Union upon the principles
of the Constitution, with slavery to continue un-
der the Constitution as it has heretofore existed,
or to submit to a disruption of the Union, they
would choose the latter alternative, I have no
doubt.
Now, Mr. President, I have no toleration of
any such purpose as that. I know of no man in
this Chamber who is opposed in feeling, or opin-
ion, or principle to thejustandproperpunishment
of the rebels; but I do know of gentlemen here
who arc willing, under the pretext and cover of
punishing the rebels, to do an act which the Con-
giess of the United States have no constitutional
power to do.
Mi. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator one question, with his permission.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. My question is, whether
the Senator thinks his colleague on this floor is in
favor of punishing the rebels?
Mr. DAVIS. I answer for myself. It is suf-
ficient for me to answer for myself, and I have
enough on hand to do that.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood the Senator
to say that theie was no man on this floor who
was not willing to punish the rebels.
Mr. DAVIS. No Union man. I am as much
in favor of punishing the rebels as the honorable
Senator from Minnesota himself is. But, Mr.
President, slavery is to be destroyed. I ask the
honorable Senator from Minnesota, where does
he derive the power of Congress to abolish slavery
in a State? It is claimed as an indirect conse-
quence of the power to forfeit property, and slaves
as other property. Is not the act of forfeituie
different and distinct from the act of emancipation ?
Are they not separate and independent in their
character and in their scope? I admit the power
of Congress to forfeit slaves, and I am willing
that power should be exercised; but 1 take issue
withgentlemen there,and deny that Congress has,
either under the cover of that power,orany other
power whatever, incidental or express, primary
or implied, the power to emancipate a slave. Are
not the two subjects provided for m different sec-
tions of this bill? Might they not pioperly be
the subject of two separate bills? Is the eman-
cipation of skives necessary or essential in any
way to carry into full operation and effect the law
of forfeiture of slaves? No, sir; on the contrary,
it defeats the very purpose which is professed.
Gentlemen profess and avow that their object is
to carry on the war to a successful repression
and subjugation of the rebellion. What agencies
are necessary thus to carry on the war? You
must have money, you must have men; and if
you get money, you can command men. it is
easier for this Government to command the neces-
sary number of men to go into the field of battle
to put down this rebellion, than it is to raise the
funds necessary for paying them, and for subsist-
ing them when they are put in battle array. If
gentlemen's purpose was singly and honestly
raise the ways and means to enable the Govern-
ment to carry on this war, when they confiscate
the slaves, why do they not require the slaves to
be sold, and the proceeds to be paid into the ex-
chequer, in order to indemnify the nation against
the expenditures of the war? We all know that
before the troubles commenced, the slaves belong-
ing to the rebels and those who sympathize with
the rebel's would have been worth upwards,of
two thousand millions of dollars. Under a bill
to confiscate slaves just as other property is con-
fiscated, to sell slaves as other property is sold,
and as slaves have been heretofore sold, if any-
thing Jike the number of slaves that belong to the
rebels and to those who are giving them aid and
comfort were to be brought to sale, they would
realize the sum of $1,000,000,000.
When gentlemen say that their object is to aid
the Government in suppressing this insurrection,
and they confiscate property worth $2,000,000,000,
and that would certainly command in the market
$1,000,000,000, and refuse to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of that property to the Treasury of the
Government, and to the indemnity of the United
States for carrying on the war to a successful
issue, what other conclusion can we come to than
that they have some other purpose which they
prefer to that? That purpose was honestly avowed
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
who last addressed the Chair on this subject to-
day.
Many gentlemen who have addressed the Sen-
ate on this subject have assumed that the slave
owners and the slave States require a protection
of slavery. I have not known any gentleman to
as^ime that position here. I do not occupy it
myself; I repudiate it. I ask no protection for
slave property; but I ask that no discrimination
shall be made in forfeiture or in the course of the
Government towards property in slaves, preju-
dicial to it, different from the couise of the Gov-
ernment and of the law in relation to other prop-
erty. I, myself, am appalled*by the amount of
taxation that this nation will have to assume to
pay for this war. I would greatly desire to have
my constituency, my State, and myself relieved
from the whole of it if possible, and if not from
the whole of it, from as large a portion of it as
is practicable. And what is the direct and the ob-
vious mode of relieving the loyal people of the
United States from the burdens of this war in the
form of taxation ? It is that the whole of the prop-
erty of such rebels as the Congress of the United
States chooses to punish by confiscation of estate,
shall be brought to the market and sold, and the
proceeds paid into the publicTreasury.
If gentlemen are not willing to do that, I sub-
mit, then, this question to them: how many men
will lose their lives by this war? I venture to
say that life and health will be lost by at least
fifty thousand of the freemen of the free States by
this war. How many men will be injured in their
property and estate pecuniarily by tins war, and
to what amount? It is already estimated that the
debts due northern men from men in the seceding
States amount to upwards of two hundred mil-
lions of dollars. The amount of loss from the con-
fiscation of property, the destruction of property,
the breaking up of business, the appropriation of
property by the rebel government and rebel arm-
ies, will be at least two hundred and fifty mil-
lions more. Now, what party, what men in this
country, caused all this loss to the loyal Union
people of the United States? It is the rebels; it
is the rebel government and their authorities; it
is their armies and their marauders. They have
inflicted wrong by violence and crime upon the
loyal men of the United States to the amount of
at least two or three hundred millions of dollars.
According to retributive justice and the eternal
principles of right, ought not their property be
made to answer fortheuamagethatthcy have thus
done,and to recompense the men whom they have
thus injuied ? What do I ask now in a proposi-
tion that I have drawn up, (which I never expect
to have the opportunity of offeringas a substitute
to the bill, but which I would offer if I had the
opportunity,) but that indemnity shall be made?
if gentlemen are disposed to free themselves and
their puritanical consciences from the trading m
