1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Skss.
mence such proceedings in law or equity before
any court of the United States as may be proper
and necessary to enforce and realize the lien or
charge upon such property or personal estate, or
any part thereof, for which such tax or duty has
not been truly and justly paid. Under such pro-
ceedings the rate of duty or tax enforced shall be
the highest rate imposed or assessed by this act,
and shall be in the name of the United States
against such person or persons as may have the
actual or constructive custody or possession of
such property or personal estate, or any part
thereof, and shall subject such property or per-
sonal estate, or any portion of the same, to be sold
upon the judgment or decree of such court, and
from the proceeds of such sale the amount of such
tax or duty, together with all costs and expenses
of every description to be allowed by such court,
shall be first paid,and the balance, if any, depos-
ited according to the order of such court, to be
paid under its direction to such person or persons
as shall establish their lawful title to the same.
The deed or deeds, or any proper conveyance of
such property or personal estate, or any portion
thereof, so sold under such judgment or decree,
executed by the officer lawfully charged with car-
rying the same into effect, shall vest in the pur-
chaser thereofall the title of the delinquent to the
property or personal estate sold under and by vir-
tue of such judgment or decree, and shall release
every other portion of such property or personal
estate from the lien or charge thereon created by
this act. And every person or persons who shall
have in his possession, charge, or custody, any
record, file, or paper, containing or supposed to
contain any information concerning such prop-
erty or personal estate, as aforesaid, passing from
any person who may die, as aforesaid, shall ex-
hibit the same at the request of the collector of
the revenue, his deputy or agent, and to any law
officcr of the United States, in the performance of
lus duty under this act, his deputy or agent, who
may desire to examine the same; and if any such
person, having m his possession, charge, or cus-
tody, any such records, files, or papers, shall re-
fuse or neglect to exhibit the same on request, as
aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of five
hundred dollars; and in case of any delinquency
in making the schedule, list, or statement, or in
the payment of the duty or tax accruing, or which
should accrue thereon, the assessment and collec-
tion shall be made as provided for in the general
provisions of this act: Provided, In all legal con-
troversies where such deed or title shall be the
subject of judicial investigation the recital in said
deed shall be presumed to be true, and that the
requirements of the law had been complied with
by the officers of the Government.
Sec. 113. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That when-
ever by this act any license, duty, or tax of any
description has been imposed on any corporate
body,or propcrtyof any incorporated company,it
shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to prescribe and determine in what dis-
trict such tax shall be assessed and collected, and
to what officer thereof the official notices required
in that behalf shall be given, and of whom pay-
ment of such tax shall be demanded.
Sec. 114. And be it further enacted, That all
articles upon which duties are imposed by the
provisions of this act, which shall be found in the
possession of any person or persons, for the pur-
pose of being sold by such person or persons m
fraud thereof and with the design to avoid pay-
ment of said duties, may be seized by any col-
lector or deputy collector who shall have reason
to believe that the same are possessed for the
purpose aforesaid, and the same shall be forfeited
to the United. States. And the proceedings to
enforce said forfeiture shall be in the nature of a
proceeding in rem in the circuit or district court
of the United States for the district where such
seizure is made, or m any other court of compe-
tent jurisdiction. And any person who shall have
in his possession any such articles for the pur-
pose of selling the same with the design of avoid-
ing payment, of the duties imposed thereon by
this act, shall be liable to a penalty of one.hun-
dred dollars, to be recovered as hereinbefore pro-
vided.
appropriation.
Sec. 115. And be it'further enacted, That the
pay of the assessors, assistant assessors, collect-
ors, and deputy collectors, shall be paid out of
the accruing internal duties or taxes before the
same is paid into the Treasury, according to such
regulations as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall prescribe; and for the purpose of
paying the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and
clerks, procuring dies, stamps, adhesive stamps,
paper, printing forms and regulations, advertis-
ing, and any other expenses of carrying this act
into effect, the sum of five hundred thousand dol-
lars be, and hereby is, appropriated, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
allowance and drawback.
Sec. 116. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from
and after the date on which this act takes effect
there shall be an allowance or drawback on all
articles on which any internal duty or tax shall
have been paid, except raw or unmanufactured
cotton, equal in amount to the duty or tax paid
thereon, and no more, when exported, the evi-
dence that any such duty or tax has been paid,
to be furnished to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, by such person or
persons as shallclaimthe allowance ordrawback,
and the amount to be ascertained under such reg-
ulations as shall, from time to time, be proscribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the same shall be paid by the warrant of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the Treasurer of
the United States, out of any money arising from
internal duties not otherwise appiopriated: Pro-
vided, That no allowance or drawback shall be
made or had for any amount claimed or due less
than twenty dollars, anything in this act to the
contrary notwithstanding: And provided further,
That any certificate of drawback for goods ex-
ported, issued in pmsuance of the provisions of
this act, may, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secietary of the Treasury, be
received by the collector or his deputy in pay-
ment of duties under this act. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may make such regulations
with regard to the form of said certificates and
the issuing thereof as, m his judgment, may be
necessary: Jlnd provided further, That in com-
puting the allowance or drawback upon articles
manufactured exclusively of cotton when ex-
ported, theie shall be allowed, in addition to the
three per centum duty which shall have been paid
on such articles, a drawback of five mills per
pound upon such articles, in all cases where the
duty imposed by this act upon the cotton used in
the manufacture thereof has been previously paid;
the amount of said allowance to be ascertained in
such manner as may be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Tteasury.
Sec. 117. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if
any person or persons shall fraudulently claim or
seek to obtain an allowance or drawback on goods,
wares, or merchandise, on which no internal duty
shall have been paid, or shall fraudulently claim
any greaterallowance ordrawback than the duty
actually paid, as aforesaid, such person or persons
shall forfeit triple the amount wrongfully or fraud-
ulently claimed or bought to be obtained, or the
sum of five hundred dollars, at the election of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to be recovered as in
other cases of forfeiture provided for in the gen-
eral provisions of this act.
Sbc. 118. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the
sum of sixty thousand dollars, appropriated to
complete the capitol in New Mexico, by the sec-
ond section of an act of Congress approved June
twenty five, eighteen hundred and sixty, and the
sum of fifty thousand dollars, appiopriated for
military roads in New Mexico, by act of Congress
approved March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, be, and the same are hereby, credited to the
Territory of New Mexico in payment of the
direct annual tax of sixty-two thousand six hun-
dred and forty-eightdollars levied upon said Ter-
ritory under the eighth section of an act of Con-
gress approved August five, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, to be taken upon account of said diiect
tax under said [act] as the same may fall due to
the United States from said Territory.
Sec. 119. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so
much of an act entitled " An act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on
the publicdebt,and for other purposes, "approved
August fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as
imposes a direct tax, of twenty millions of dollais
on the United States, shall be held to authorize
the levy and collection of one tax to that amount;
and no other tax shall be levied under and by vir-
tue thereof, until the first day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, when the same shall be
in full force and effect.
Approved, July 1, 1862.
Chap. CXX.—An Act to aid in the construction
of a Railroad and Telegraph Line from the; Mis-
souri River to the Pacific Ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
Postal, Military, and other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Walter S. Burgess, William P.
Blodget, Benjamin H. Cheever, Charles Fosdick
Fletcher, of Rhode Island; Augustus Brewster,
Henry P. Haven, Cornelius S. Bushnell, Henry
Hammond, of Connecticut; Isaac Sherman, Dean
Richmond, Royal Phelps, William H. Perry,
Henry A. Paddock, Lewis J. Stanelttr, Charles
A. Secor, Samuel 11. Campbell, Alfied E. Tilton,
John Anderson, Azariah Boody, John S. Ken-
nedy, II. Carver, Joseph Field, Benjamin F.
Camp, Orvilfe W. Childs, Alexander J. Boigen,
Ben. Holliday, D. N. Barney, S. Dc Witt Blood-
good, William H. Grant, Thomas W. Oloott,
Samuel B. Ruggles, James B. Wilson, of New
York; Ephraim Marsh, Charles M. Harker, of
New Jersey; John Edgar Thompson, Benjamin
Haywood, Joseph H. Scran ton, Joseph Harrison,
George W. Cass, John II. Bryant, Daniel J.
Morell, Thomas M. llowe, William F.Johnson,
Robert Finney, John A. Green, E. R. jVIyre,
Charles F. Wells, junior, of Pennsylvania; Noah
L. Wilson, Amasa Stone, William 11. Clement,
S. S. L'Hommedieu, John Brough, William Den-
nison, Jacob Blickinsderfer, of Ohio; William M.
Mcpherson, R. W. Wells, Wiilard P. Hull, Arm-
strong Beatty, John Coiby, of Missouri; S.J.
Hensley, Peter Donahue, C. P. Huntington, T.
D. Judah, James Bailey, JamesT. U yan, Charles
llosmer, Chailes Maisb, D. 0. Mills, Samuel
Bell, Louis McLane, Geoige W. Mowe, Charles
McLaughlin, Timothy Dame, John R. Robin-
son, of California; John Atchison and John 1).
Winters, of the Territory of Nevada; John D.
Campbell, R. N. Rice, Charles A. Trowbudge,
Ransom Gardner, Charles W. Penny, .Charles
T. Gorham, William McConneli, of Michigan;
William F. Coolbaugh, Lucius H. Langworthy,
Hugh T. Iteid, Iioyt Sheimun, Lyman Cook,
Samuel R. Cuitis, Lewis A. Thomas, Plait
Smith, of Iowa; William B. Ogden, Charles G.
Hammond, Henry Farmim, Amos C. Babeoek,
W. Seldon Gale, Nehemiai) Bushnell and Lor-
enzo Bull, of Illinois; William II. Swifr, Samuel
T. Dana, John Bertram, Fianklin S. Stevens,
Edward R. Tinker, of Massachusetts; Franklin
Gorin,Laban J. Bradford, and John T. Levis,
of Kentucky; James Dunning, John M. Wood,
Edwin Noyes, Joseph Eaton, of Maine; flemy
H. Baxter, George W. Collamer, Henry Keyes,
Thomas it. Canfield, of Vermont; William S.
Ladd, A. M. Berry, Benjamin F. Harding, of
Oregon; William Dunn, junior, John Catlm, Levi
Sterling, John Thompson, Elihu L. Phillips,
Walter D.Mclndoe/F. B. Stoddard, E. H. Brod-
head, A. H. Virgin, of Wisconsin; Chailes Paine,
Thomas A. Morris, David C. Bmnham, Samuel
Hanna, Jonas Votaw, Je&se L. Williams, Isaac
C. Elston, of Indiana; Thomas Swan, Chauncey
Brooks, Edwaid Wilkins, of Maryland ; Francis
R. E. Cornell, David Blakuly, A. D. Seward,
Henry A. Swift, Dwight Woodbury, John Me-
Kusick, John R. Jones, of Minnesota; Joseph A.
Gilmore, Charles W. Woodman, of New Hamp-
shire; W. H. Grimes, J. C. Stone, Chester
Thomas, John Kerr, Wertcr R. Davis, Luther
C. Challiss, Josiah Miller, of Kansas; Gilbei t C.
Monell, Augustus Kountz, T. M. Marquette,
William H, Taylor, Alvin Saunders, of Nebras-
ka; John Evans, of Colorado; together with five
commissioners to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior, and all persons who shall or may
