1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the House of Representatives proposed an
amendment to the first section of the bill which
was overlooked at the Clerk's table. I hope there-
fore, by general consent, we shall now act upon
the first section of that bill, which the House pro-
pose to strike out, and correct the error of yester-
day, which was occasioned by a mistake of the
printer. I move to take up the bill for that pur-
pose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill re-
ferred to by the Senator from Massachusetts will
be rega tiled as before the Senate. The House of
Representatives propose as an amendment to strike
out all of the first section of the bill after the en-
acting clause, in the foljowing words:
That officers of the Army, to whom brevet commissions
* shall hereafter be given, bhall not be entitled to any increase
of pay or emoluments because of the exercise of command
accotdmg to their bievet rank.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will not concur with the House of Repre-
sentatives in that amendment. I think the section
a most excellent one. It applies only to future
brevets.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The bill, I
believe, is now disposed of. It goes to a commit-
tee of conference under the vote of yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
OATII OF OFFICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 371, which I think may be dis-
posed of in a few minutes. I desire to suggest an
amendment that I think will obviate an objection
that was made the other day by the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Saul&burt.]
Mr. HALE. I hope that bill will not be taken
up. There is an unfinished bill which was under
consideration at the expiration of the morning hour
yesterday that requires the action of the Senate
and of Congress immediately. If Congress do
not&ean to repeal the law which that bill proposes
to repeal, it will become the duty of the Naval
Committee and of the Military Committee to in-
troduce bills appropriating some ten or twelve
thousand dollars to each of those Departments for
new clerks. It is impoi tant that we should know
whether that bill is to be passed or not, because
the session is drawing to a close. I hope the Sen-
ate will adhere to that bill, which is the unfinished
business and properly in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill to which I have
called the attention ot the Senate is a bill prescrib-
ing an oath of office. It was considered in the
morning hour some days ago, and the final dispo-
sition of it was mtenupted at that time, and there
was some objection made to it as embracing the
President of the United States and some other
offieeis. I propose to suggest an amendment,
which I think will obviate that difficulty; ami I
hope the Senate will consent to take it up. We
can get it oyt of the way in a few minutes. We
lose more time in this discussion, I think, than it
would take to act on the bill It is a bill to re-
quire persons elected or appointed to office under
the United States hereafter to take oath that they
have not been disloyal to the Governmentdunng
this rebellion. It has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, and I think it will meet the general
favor of the Senate. 1 tiust the Senate will take
11 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion wos agreed to—ayes twenty, noes
not counted; and the Senate resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 371) to prescribe an
oath of office, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the bill was or-
deied to a third reading the other day, and m order
to amend it that vote will have to be reconsidered.
I inquire if that is so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been read three times, and the question is upon
its passage, and on that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With a view of suggest-
ing an amendment 1 move to leeonsider the vote
ordering the bill to a third reading. I suppose it
will not"be in order to move an amendment in the
present stac;e.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is not
amendable m the present stage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move to amend the
bill by inserting after the word " service," in the
sixth line the words, "and for whom the form
of the oath of office is not prescribed by the Con-
stitution," so that if the amendment is made the
bill will only require this oath of office from those
persons for whom the form of oath is not pre-
scribed by the Constitution of the United States.
As the form of oath is prescribed for the President
of the United States, of course it will not embrace
him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator from
Illinois whether this bill relates to State officers
as well as to officers of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only officers of the United
States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask that the bill be read
as it will stand when amended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statesof America in Congress assembled, That
hereafter every person elected or appointed to any office of
honor or profit under the Government of the United States,
either m the civil, military, or naval departments of the
public service, for whom the form of the oath of office is
not pie.-cnbed by the Constitution, shall, before entering
upon the duue> of such office, and before being entitled to
any of the salary or other emoluments thereof, take and
subscribe the following oath or affinnation : " I, A B, do
solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never voluntarily
borne aims against the Government of the United States
since I have been a citizen theieof; that I have volunta-
rily given no aid,countenance, counsel, or < ncourngement
to poisons engaged in aimed hostility thereto; that f have
neither sought nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the
functions of any office whatever under any authonty or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; that 1 have neither voiuntanly leuounceJmy
allegiance to the Government of the United States, nor
yielded a voluntary biippou to any pictended eoveinim-nt,
authonty, power, or eon^titin ion hostile or inimical theieto.
And [ do futtber *\vear (or affinn) that, to the best of my
knowledge and ability, J will support and delcnd the Con-
stitution and Coveinrnentol the United States, and all l.iwd
made in puiMumcotheieof, against all enemies, torugn and
domestic ; that 1 will hear uue tauh and allegiance to the
same ; that I take tins obligation freely, without any men-
tal resei vation or purpose of evasion ; and that I will well
and faithfully disehaige the duties of the office on which I
am about to enter. help me God;'' which said oath i-o
taken and signed, shall be pr<^erved among the file- of the
com t. House of Congress ot Depaitment, to which the said
office mav appeitam. And any peison who shall faNely take
the !-aid oaili idiall be guilt) of peijurv, and on conviction,
in addition to the penal tie- now preset i bed firn that otlense,
.shall be deprived of his office and rendered incapable for-
ever alter of holding any office or place under the United
States.
Mr. DAVIS. I like the bill and I like its prin-
ciple 
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not object to this
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words" except the Vice
President and Senators and Representatives in
Congress." My reason for doing so is this: I
think that the qualification of these officers is pre-
set ibed by the Constitution, and it is utterly inad-
missible for Congress either to diminish or to add
to those qualifications.
Now suppose, when the secessionists were here
in power,and when they passed the fugitive slave
law, they had added a clause to that law that every
officer thereafter should be required to take an oath
that he would support that law, and suppose the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] or
any other Senator, after such a law had passed,
had been elected a member of this body and he
had come here and presented himself to take the
oath prescribed by the Constitution and qualify
as a member of this body and he refused to take
the oath prescribed by the fugitive slave law, which
required him to swear that he would aid m exe-
cuting that law, would any gentleman contend
that his refusal to take that oath would exclude
him from his right to a seat in this body > Not at
ail. He would have answered to the requisition
to take such an oath as that, "here is the Con-
stitution. It prescribes the qualifications which
a Senator shall have. Here is an oath in addition
to the constitutional qualifications which I, as a
member elected to this body, am required to pos-
sess. ] therefore refuse to take the oath."
Supoose, sir, that a law of Congress requiiecl
members of Congiess to take all oath that they
had not been concerned in a duel, and required
them to take that oath before (hey should be ad-
mitted to their seats; we can well suppose that a
law of thai character might be passed by Con-
gress; it has been passed by many Legislatures;
and suppose, after a law of thatcharaeter had been
passed by Congress, a member was elected to one
of the Houses, and he was confronted with that
law, and told, " before you are allowed to qualify
as a member of this House, you must take an oath
that you have not been concerned in a duel; that
is, that you have not either given or accepted a chal-
lenge, or acted as second to either party in a duel.-"
He would say, " I refuse to take that oath; here
is the Constitution, which prescribes the qualifica-
tions that I shall possess when I am elected, and
when I offer myself to qualify as a member of the
House to which I have been elected, you affix a
qualification imposing an oath upon me not pre-
scribed by the Constitution but by a law of Con-
gress, and Congress has no power whatever to
add a qualification which I shall possess as a mem-
ber of the House." I make this objection in 110
captious spirit, not in the least hostility to the bill
or its principle. I am altogether in fevor of its
principle.
1 say furthermore in addition, that although we
cannot as a legislative body add to the qualifica-
tions of members of either House, yet as the two
Houses act judicially and not legislatively in re-
lation to the elections and returns and qualifica-
tions of their members, if I should be a Senator at
the next session of Congress, and a man should
present himself here to qualify as a member of the
Senate, and it should be clearly, distinctly proved
that he was disloyal to the Government, in the
exercise of my function as a judge of the returns,
elections, and qualifications of the members of the
Senate, 1 should feel myself at liberty and I would
not hesitate to vote, that he should not be admitted
to qualify and take his seat as Senator. But I
won 1(1 do that as a judicial act; I would do it as a
member of the Senate having the constitutional
power to pass upon the question of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of the members; but 1
say that because I could do that judicially, I would
not be authorized legislatively to vote for a law
that would preset ibe an additional qualification to
a member of the House of Representatives or a
member of the Senate either.
I hope the amendment which I submit,toexcept
ibe Vice President and the members of the two
Houses of Congress, will be adopted, because the
cases of members of either House could be reached
whenever they presented themselves to qualify as
members. If they were found to be disloyal, the
House to which the gentleman presenting himself
claimed to be elected a member could, in passing
upon the question of his election, returns, and
qualifications, exclude him if it was proper to ex-
clude him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to the form of the
amendment as presented by the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee. That amendmentexcepts
onlythecaseswheictheform of oath is prescribed
in the Constitution. Now, the form of oaih in no
case is proscribed in the Constitution——
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is for the President.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know it is for the Pres-
ident; but in the. case of Senators and members of
the House of Representatives in Congress, mem-
bers of State Legislatures, and judicial officers both
of the States and of the Union, the form of oath is
not prescribed, but it is declared m the Constitu-
tion that they shall be bound by oath or affirma-
tion to support the Constitution. Why cannot
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee nlace
his amendment in such a form as to exempt from
the operation of this bill all cases where an oath
isrequtred to be administered by the Constitution?
Take a Senator or a Representative, the form of
the oath which lie shall take is not prescribed in
the Constitution, but the Constitution does pre-
scribe that he shall take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. Under the
wordmgof his amendment, this requirement would
apply to Senators ami llepieseiittuives, although
1 'appreheric!, that if a Senator were to come heie
and tender himself ready to take the oalh to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, he
would have a clear right to his seat here, and this
body could not refuse his demand except in the
mere exercise of arbitrary power; they would not
have the rightful power and authority to exclude
