880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
I know they do exist, where denials accompany
them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Yes; I know that
fact in the gentleman's own case.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have no controversy with
the gentleman from Ohio, nor am I here to defend
myself in the course which I have taken. Let
him defend himself, and allow me to take care of
myself, as I expect to be able to do.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me 
Mr. HICKMAN. I will not suffer any inter-
ruption except by the gentleman from Ohio. He
has a right to interrupt me, and I am glad he does
so, because I do not want to put the gentleman
from Ohio in any false position any more than I
would desire to be myself placed in one; and I
will not do it. I do say, most distinctly, that
suspicions have existed against the loyalty of the
gentleman from Ohio; and I would not have re-
ferred to them at all if I had not been satisfied that
he himself knew of the existence of those suspi-
cions as well as I did. Indeed, the remarks which
preceded my rising 011 this floor indicated the
fact, more clearly than I myself could indicate it
by anything that I could say, that he was in pos-
session of a knowledge of the existence of those
suspicions, for he got up to repel them, not merely
such as are contained in this article in question,
but in general terms—general suspicions and im-
putations against his character. That was deemed
right by him, sir. I have nothing to say against it.
Now, the gentleman aslcs for specifications. I
am called upon by him to refresh my memory,
and to give an instance. I will give him one or
two. I may not be able to give more at this time.
Perhaps, if he were to give mo time, I would be
able to refer him to many more instances.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman must allow
me to answer his question, and then he may in-
terrupt me. I must reply to one inquiry at a time.
I am now 011 the witness stand—brought to it by
the gentleman from Ohio. I am on cross-exam-
ination,and he must allow me to answer one ques-
tion before he propounds to me another. Now,
sir, I refer to the fact of the Breckinridge meeting
in the city of Baltimore, where the gentleman from
Ohio attended, and which gave rise to very many
suspicions, allow mc to say; at least, I have heard
a great many expressed. Allow me again to refer
to the fact of his attending a certain dinner in Ken-
tucky, which was given, I believe, in his honor,
or which was, at least, published as such in the
papers.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Allow me, right
there 
Mr. HICKMAN. Allow me first 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is a specific
charge, which I wish to answer.
Mr. HICKMAN. Not this moment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I appeal to the gen-
tleman 's honor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will treat the gentleman
from Ohio fairly. Ho must receive all my answer
before he asks mo another question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let him oblige mc
by replying to me specifically.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ma not clone with my on-
swer, and 1 refuse to yield the floor until I finish
my answer. I am entitled to be treated here prop-
erly, as well as the gentleman from Ohio. I wilt
extend to him all the courtesy that can possibly
bedemanded byany gentleman. That is my habit,
I trust. There are many other items. There was
the speech which the gentleman made at the July
session in this House—-a speech which was un-
derstood to be one ofgeneral accusation and crim-
ination against the Government and against the
party having the conduct of this war. It gave
rise to a great many suspicions; and the gentle-
man from Ohio, with his intelligence, ought not
to be ignorant of all these facts. Well, sir, will
not conversations naturally arise in consequence
of these facts? And I appeal to every member of
this House whether they have not heard suspicion
upon suspicion against the loyalty of the gentle-
man from Ohio. Is it not a common rumor, sir,
that he is suspected ? I allege that it is a common
rumor in the northern Stales, and tunon0* the
loyal people of the loyal States, that the gentle-
man from Ohio is, at least, open to grave sus-
picion, if not to direct imputation. That is my
answer. Now I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In reply to the
specification, and the only one which the gentle-
maivhasbeen able to pointout, relating to a public
dinner in Kentucky, allow me to tell him that my
foot has not pressed the soil of Kentucky since
the 10th day of July, 1852, when, as a member
of a committee appointed by the common council
of the city where I reside, I followed the remains
of that great and noble man, true patriot and Union
man, Henry Clay, to their last resting-place. ' I
have partaken of no dinners there or elsewhere,
of a political character, nor did I ever attend any
Breckinridge meeting at Baltimore or elsewhere,
at any time. This is my answer to that, the only
specification. And yet thegentleman dares attempt
to support that falsehood, which I here denounce
as such, by alluding to suspicions which have
been created and set afloat throughout the whole
country, not merely against me, but against hun-
dreds and thousands of others, in whose veins runs
blood as patrioticand loyal aseverflowcd since the
world began. I tell the gentleman that, in years
past, I have heard his loyalty to the Union ques-
tioned. I have known of things which would
have justified me—had I relied on authority sim-
ilar to that to which he has attempted to give dig-
nity—in introducing similar resolutions to make
inquiry into his purpose to disrupt thisUnion by
the doctrines which he has held and the opinions
which he has expressed. And yet opmions and
sentiments uttered here, are " the head and front
of my offending." Ithas " thisextent, no more."
And, sir, I replied, some time ago, to two others
which I doubt not the gentleman would have
dragged now out of the mire and slough into which
they have fallen, but that they were answered when
thrust into debate by the gentleman before me,
[Mr. Hutciiins]—I refer to the charge that I had
once uttered the absurd declaration that the sol-
diery of the North and West should pass over my
dead body before they should invade the southern
States. X denied it then, and will not repeat the
denial now.
Nor need I referagain to that other charge that
I had uttered, in debate here or elsewhere, the
sentiment that I preferred peace to the Union; I
have heretofore met that charge with a prompt and
emphatic contradiction, and no evidence has been
found to sustain it. Referring to that and other
charges and insinuations, on the 7th of January
lastl said to my colleague:
"As to my record here at the extra session or during the
present session, it remains, and will remain."
And just here, sir, in reference to the speech to
which the gentleman alluded, delivered on this
floor in the exercise of my constitutional right as
n member of this House, 011 the 10th of July last,
1 defy him—I hurl the defiance into his teeth—to
point to one single disloyal sentiment or sentence
in it. I proceeded to say, further, on the 7th of
last month:
"1 do neither ictract one sentiment, that I have uttered,
1101 would I obliioiate a smplo vole whieh t have given. i
s.|>eak of Hie reeoui a> it will appear hereafter, and indeed
Hands now upon tile Journals of this Ilonse and in the
Congiessional Globe, And there is no other record, thank
God, and 110 act or word or thought of mine, ami never has
been ft cm the beginning, in public or in private, of which
any patuot ought to be ashamed. Sir, it is the recoid as r
made it, and as it evints here to-day; and not as a menda-
cious and shameless press have attempted to make it up for
me. Let us see who will grow tired of hn rucmd first.
Consistency, firmness, and sanity, m the mid&t of general
madness—these made up my offense. But 'Time, the
avenger,' sets all things even; and I abide his leisure."
And am I now to be told, that because of a
speech made upon this floor under the protoction
of the Constitution, in the exercise and discharge
ofmy solemn rightand duty under the oath which
i have taken, thatl am to-day to be arraigned here,
and the accusation supported by the addition of
merevague rumors and suspicions, which have
been bruited over and over again, as I have said,
against not myself only, but against hundreds
and thousands also of other most patriotic and
loyal men?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania makes the
charge that I attended a certain dinner in the State
of Kentucky. Sir, I was invited to that State,
and have been frequently, by as true and loyal
men as there are in that State to-day. 1 acceptcd
no invitation, and never went at all, J havcalready
named the lust and only time when 1 stood upon
the soil of Kentucky. But i know of nothing now
—whatever there may have been in the past—
certainly nothing to-day about Kentucky that
should prevent a loyal and patriotic man from vis-
iting a State which has given birth or residence to
so many patriots, to so many statesmen, and to
orators of such renown.
Yet that is all, the grand aggregate of the
charges, except this miserable falsehood, which
some wretched scavenger prowling about the
streets and alleys and gutters of the city of Balti-
more, has seen fit to put forth in the local columns
of a contemptible newspaper; so that the member
from Pennsylvania may rise in his place and prefer
charges against the loyalty and patriotism of a
man who lias never faltered in his devotion to the r
flag of his country—to that flag which hangs now
upon the wall over against him; one who has
bowed.down and worshiped this holy emblem
of the Constitution and of the old Union of these
States in his heart's core, ay, in his very heart of
hearts, from the time he first knew aught to this
hour; and who now would give life and all that he
has or hopes to be in the present or the future, to
see that glorious banner of the Union—known and
honored once over the whole earth and the whole
sea—with no stripe erased, and not one star blotted
out, floating forever over the free, united, harmo-
nious old Union of every State once a part of it, and
a hundred more yet unborn. I am that man; and
yet he dares to demand thatl shall be brought up
before the secret tribunal of the Judiciary Com-
mittee—that committee of which he Is chairman,
and thus both judge and accuser—to answer to
the charge of disloyalty to the Union 1
Sir, I hurl back the insinuation. Bring forward
the specific charge; wait till you have found some-
thing—and you will wait long—something which
I have written, or something I have said, that would
indicate anything in my bosom which he who loves
his country ought not to read or hear. In every
sentiment that i have expressed, in every vote that
I have given, in my whole public life, outside
this House before I was a member of it, and since
ithas been my fortune to sit here, I have had but
one motive, and that was the real, substantial,
permanent good of my country. I have differed
with the majority of the House, differed with the
party in power, differed with the Administration,
as, thank God, I do and have the right to differ,
as to the best means of preserving the Union, and
of maintaining the Constitution and securing the
true interests of my country; and that is my of-
fense, that the crime and the only crime" of which
I have been guilty.
Mr. Speaker, if in the Thirty-Fifth Congress I
or some other member had seen fit to seize upon
the denunciations,long-continued, bitter, and per-
sistent against that member [Mr. Hickman)—for
he too has suffered,and ho ought to have had the
manhood to remember in this the hour of sore per-
secution, that he himself has been the victim of
slanders and detraction peradventure—for, sir, I
would do him the justice which he denies to me—
what, I say, if I had risen and made a vile paragraph
in some paper published in his own town, or else-
where, the subject of inquiry and investigation, and
had attempted to cast yet further suspicion upon
him, by reference to language uttered here in de-
bate which ho had the right to utter, or by charges
vague and false and without the shadow of a foun-
dation except the malignant breath of partisan sus-
picion and slander, what would have been his
record, in the volumes of your reports, and the
Congressional Globe, going down to his children
after him? But, sir, it is not in the power of the
gentleman to tarnish the honor of my name, or to
blast the fair fame and character for loyalty which
I have earned, dearly earned with labor and pa-
tience and faith, from the beginning of my public
career. From my boyhood, at all times and in
everyplace, I have never looked to anything butthe
permanent,solid,and real interests of mycountry.
Beyond this, Mr. Speaker, I deem it unneces-
sary to extend what I have to say. I would have
said not a word but that I know this committee
will find nothing, and that they will be obliged,
therefore, to report—a majority of them cheer-
fully, I doubt not—that nothing exists to justify
any charge or suspicion such as the member from
Pennsylvania has suggested here to-day. I avail
myself of the occasion thus forced on me, to re-
pel this foul and slanderous assault upon my loy-
alty^romptlyjearnestly, indignantly, yes, scorn-
fully, and upon the very threshold.'* Sir, I do not
choose to delay week after week until your parti-
san press shall have sounded the alarm; and till
