2864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
to aggravate them, todestroy-the bill and to bring
forward another in lieu of it? I wish to know
what such a committee deserves if the former com-
mittee deserves the visitation which the Senator
from Ohio says was visited upon the first com-
mittee? The Senator from Wisconsin has very
properly commented upon the direct issue in fact
made up between the written report of the com-
mittee and the statement made in his place by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, and saysit depends
upon the balance of proof. There is no question
upon the balance of proof oranything else on the
fact that the present committee have, as I say,
agreed to destroy the bill if they can do it; and
they propose to lay it on the table and never have
any action upon it, and to introduce another in
lieu of it. That is the result of the action of the
committee that was appointed to correct errors
and see that no attempt was made to usurp juris-
-diction!
The motion to refer was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I notice in the Globe that on
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] yesterday to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate concurred in the amendment of
the House to strike out the section in regard to
mileage in the bill regulating the pay of theArmy,
I am recorded as voting with the majority against
the motion. I did so vote; but I desire to state
that I came into the Chamber while the Senate
was voting, and misapprehended the question.
As it would make my vote inconsistent with those
I have heretofore given, I wish to make it right
on the record. I intended to vote the other way.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. KING. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 23, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WADE. I present a petition from citizens
of Sciota county, Ohio, stating that the petitioners
have witnessed with astonishment and feelings of
deep humiliation the tender regard shown by the
military authority of the Federal Government for
the property of notorious traitors in arms against
the United States, and that of their aiders and abet-
tors. They therefore pray that a confiscation bill
may be passed, and thai property applied to the
expenses of the Government. I also present a like
petition,numerously signed, from citizens ofDar-
by ville, Pickaway county, Ohio, praying for con-
fiscation. I move that these petitions lie on the
table, there being bills on that subject pending.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING presented a petition of seed-growers
and dealers in seeds, praying that no part of the
appropriations foi the purchase of seeds be applied
to the purchase of such varieties of flower and
garden seeds as have previously been distributed
by the Agricultural Bureau, or seeds of any de-
scription which may be readily obtained at the
seed stores ofthe Union; which was refeired to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. TRUM13ULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Fulton county, Illinois, praying for the
confiscation of the property of rebels, and that
the*r slaves may be emancipated, and, as far as
practicable, employed in suppressing the rebel-
lion; which was ordered to lie on the table.
UKPOltTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom the subject was referred, repoitcd
a bill (S. No. 365) piovidmg for the admission of
the State of West Vi rginia into the Union; which
was lead and passed to a second reading.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
rcfei red the bill (_S. No. 342) for the establishment
of certain national arsenals, authorize me to report
it back wuhout amendment, although they are not
unanimous in their opinion in reference to its pas-
sage.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. NicotAY,his Secretary,announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 21st instant, a joint resolution (S. No. 88) to
encourage enlistments in the regular Army and
volunteer forces.
GUN CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That the Public Printer be directed to print for
the use of the Senate ten thousand extra copies of the leport
of Hon. Joseph Holt and Hon. Robert Dale Owen, commis-
sioners on ordnance and gun contiacts, communicated to
the Senate on the 21st instant by the Secretary of War.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. CLARK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which wasconsidered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate any information he may have in re-
gard to the exchange of prisoners, or of negotiations there-
for, not incompatible with the public interest.
GOVERNMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 348) for the better government of the Navy
of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had a bill under con-
sideration which we were about to vote upon on
Saturday, and I should like to have it disposed of.
1 refer to the bill prescribing an oath of office. We
had some discussion upon it, and I think the Sen-
ate is ready to vote. This bill, 1 suppose, will
occupy some time.
Mr. GRIMES. I presume it will, but it is very
important that it should pass at as early a day as
possible. It relates to prizes and matters of great
impoitance to the Navy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to post-
pone all prior orders and proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know how
long it will probably take.
Mr. GRIMES. "I cannot say how long will be
required for its disposition; if the Senate adopt
my suggestions, it will not take any longer than
it will to read the bill. The reason I desire to
have it taken up to-day is that the House of Rep-
resentatives have set aside to-morrowas a special
order for the transaction of business relating to
the Navy, arid it is therefore important that this
bill should pass to-day, that it may be acted upon
by the House of Representatives to-morrow, if
they see fit to act upon it. It is a bill, 1 think, of
very great importance, and is so considered by
gentlemen who are connected with the Navy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry to object to a
bill that the Senator from luwa desires tobiingup;
but this is bringing up a new question in regaid
to the organization of the Navy, and will undoubt-
edly occupy a very eonsideiable time, probably
all day. The confiscation measures which have
been before this body from the beginning of the
session are now in a condition to be acted on, and
we certainly ought not to allow them to be post-
poned longer it we intend to pass any bill at ail.
The House has passed bills on that subject and
the Senate has a bill on the subject, and I think
we ought not to suffer them to be pushed out of
the way longer. I will not object to this bill com-
ing up to be laid aside at twelve o'clock; but I do
object to proceeding to the consideration of this
bill, which will necessarily postpone the confisca-
tion measures.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They should
be postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think so. If the
Senator from Massachusetts regards the confisca-
tion measures of so little importance that they
should be postponed, I disagree with him; that is
all. I think they are the most important meas-
ures,and will do more to putdown this rebellion,
I and would have done a great deal moie to put
' down this rebellion, than a great many laws we
! have taken up the time of the Senate in passing at
| the present session. I feel bound to call for a di-
; vision, in order to test the sense of the Senate on
i the subject. If this motion fails, I shall move to
I take up" the confiscation bill. If the Senate chooses
to take this up, that decides that they prefer to go
' on with this.
Mr. GRIMES. I am notgoing to be placed in
any such condition as that. I am just as anxious
to have a confiscation bill as the Senator from Illi-
nois; but I.am unwilling that ho should attempt
to antagonize every proposition that comes up
with the confiscation bill. He first wanted to take
up the bill in regard to oaths.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was in the morning
hour.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that it will take
more than the morning hour to get through with
this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I shall not object
to it.
Mr. GRIMES. It may run over a little while;
and if it does, it will be better to go on and finish
it if it fakes half an hour longer. I apprehend
there are no particular objections to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
having been obliged to retire from the chair on
Saturday, was not in at the time of adjournment,
but is now advised that the unfinished business
of Saturday was a bill (H. R. No. 371) to pre-
scribe an oath of office and for other purposes,
which will come up at twelve o'clock as the un-
finished business of Saturday, and supersede any
other business pending in the morning hour. The
question now is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 348) for the better govern-
ment of the Navy of the United States.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill as
follows:
Be it enacted, $c., That from and after the ——, the
following rules and regulations be adopted and putin foice
for the government of the Navy of the United States 
Mr. GRIMES. In order to obviate the neces-
sity of reading the bill twice, I propose to amend
it as it goes along if there be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be taken.
Mr. KING. I think it had better be read at
length.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length, but the reading will be sus-
pended at the end of each section until amend-
ments are pioposed, the same as was done with
the tax bill. The clause which has just been read
is now open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to insertt( 1st day
of September next" in the blank.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the fourth line, I move to
strike out the words " rules and regulations," and
insert "articles of war."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading, as follows:
Art. ]. The commanders of alt fleets, squadrons, navv-
yards, or vessels belonging to the Navy, arc sti ictly enjoined
and required to show in themselves <igood example of vii-
tue,hr>nor,patiiou*.in,aml•subordination ; to be vigilant in
inspecting the conduct of all who may be placed under their
command; to guaid a<raint-t and suppress all dissolute and%
immoral practices, and to coirect ail who may l e guilty ot
them, according to the laws and usages of the Nav>, upon
pain of such punishment as a general court-martial may
think pioper to inflict.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the word
" usages," in the fourteenth line,and to inseit the
word" regulations."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tin; Secietary lead aiticlo two, ns follows:
Apvr. 2. The commander® of voxels and navy-yaid- to
which chaplains shall he attached shall can-o divine sei vice
to be pei formed on Sunday, whenever the weather and other
circumstances will allow it to be done; and it is earnestly
recommuided to all officers, seamen, and others m the na-
val service, diligently to attend at evety performanceol the
worship of Almighn God- Any iricverent or indecent be-
havioi dining divine seiviee shall be punished as a geneial
or summary cunrt-mauuil shall direct.
Mi*. GRIMES. In the twenty-third line I move
to strike out the word " indecent," and to insert
" unbecoming."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifica-
tion will be made, no objection being interposed.
The Secretary read article three, as follows :
Art. 3. The punishment of death, or such other punish-
ment as a court-mai nal shall adjudge, may be inflict en on
any pei-on in the naval servict : who'•hall make,
or "attempt to make, oi unite with, any nmmiou* a-semblj,
or knowing of the same, or ot any intended miit'n\, shall
not toithwith communicate it to his s-tipvuoi ot command-
ing olficcr; or being witne^ to. or pte-enf at. any mutiny,
shall not do hi^ utmost to ^uppievs it: second, or shall dis-
obey tlielawiul o dcisol his stipei icir officer, or sti ike or
