m-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
37th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
company by this act. And whenever there shall
be a line of railroad completed through Minnesota
or Iowa to Sioux city, then the said Pacific Rail-
road Company is hereby authorized and required
to eonstruct a railroad and telegraph from said
Sioux,city upon the most direct and practicable
route to a point on, and so as to connect with, the
branch railroad and telegraph in this section here-
inbefore mentioned, or with the said Union Pa-
cific Railroad, said point of junction to be fixed
by the President of the United States, not further
West'than the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude aforesaid, and on the same terms and condi-
tions as provided in this act for the construction
of the Union Pacific Railroad as aforesaid, and to
complete the same at the rate of one hundred miles
per year;, and should said company fail to com-
ply with the requirements.of this act in relation
10 the s.aid Sioux city railroad arid telegraph, the
said company shall suffer the same forfeitures pre-
scribed in relation to the Iowa branch railroad and
telegraph hereinbefore mentioned.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That any
other railroad company now incorporated, or here-
after to be incorporated, shall have the right to
connect their road with the road and branches pro-
vided for by this act, at such places and upon such
just and equitable terms as the President of the
United States may prescribe. Wherever the word
" company "is used in this act it shall be construed
to embrace the words "their associates, success-
ors, and assigns," the same as if the words had
been properly added thereto.
Sec. 16. And be it fur Our enacted, That at any
time after the passage of this act all of the rail-
road companies named herein, and assenting
hereto, or any two or more of them, are author-
ized to form themselves into one consolidated
company; notice of such consolidation, in writing,
shall be filed in the Department of the Interior,
and such consolidated company shall thereafter
proceed to construct said railroad and branches
and telegraph line upon the terms and conditions
provided in this act.
Sec. 17. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case
said company or companies shall fail to comply
with the terms and conditions of this act, by not
completing said road and telegraph and branches
within a reasonable time, or by not keeping the
same in repair and use, but shall permit the same,
for an unreasonable time, to remain unfinished, or
out of repair, and unfit for use, Congress may
pass any act to insure the speedy completion of
said road and branches, or put the same in repair
and use, and may direct the income of said rail-
road and telegraph line to be thereafter devoted
to the use of the United States, to repay all such
expenditures caused bythedefault and neglect of
such company or companies: Provided, That if
said roads are not completed, so as to form acon-
tmuous line of railroad, ready for use, from the
Missouri river to the navigable waters of tlieSac-
lamento river, in California, by the first day of
July,eighteen hundred and seventy-six, the whole
of all of said railroads before mentioned-and to
be constructed under the provisions of this act,
together with all their furniture, fixtures, rolling
stock, machine shops, lands, tmements, and he-
reditaments, and property of every kind and
character, shall be forfeited to and be taken pos-
session of by the United States: Provided, That
of the bonds of the United States in this act pro-
vided to be delivered for any and all parts of the
roads to be constructed east of tin; one hundredth
meridian of west longitude from Greenwich, and
for any part of the road west of the west foot of
the Sierra Nevada mountain, there shall be re-
served of eaci: part and installment twenty-five
per centum, to be and remain in the United States
Treasury, undelivered, until said road and all parts
thereof provided for in this act are entirely com-
pleted; and of all the bonds provided to be deliv-
ered for the said road, between the two points
afoiesaid, there shall be reserved out of each in-
stallment fifteen pei; centum, to bo and remain in
the Treasury until the whole of the road provided
for in this act is fully completed; and if the said
road or any part thereof shall fail of completion
at the time limited therefor in this act, then and
ill that case the said part of said bonds so reserved
shall be forfeited to the United States.
Sf.o. 18. Jin d be it further enacted, That when-
ever it appears that the net earnings of the entire
road and telegraph, including the amount allowed
for services rendered for the.United States, after
deducting all expenditures, including repairs, and
the furnishing, running, and managing of said
road, shall exceed ten per centum upon its cost,
exclusive of the five per centum to be paid to the
United States, Congress may reduce the rates of
fare thereon, if unreasonable in amount, and may
fix and establish the same by law. And the better
to accomplish the object of this act, namely, to
promote the public interest and welfare by the
construction of said railroad and telegraph line,
and keeping the same in working order, and to
secure to the Government at all times (but partic-
ularly in time of war) the use and benefits of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,
Congress may, at any time,having due regard for
the rights of said companies named herein, add
to, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
eral railroad companies herein named are author-
ized to enter into an arrangement with the Pacific
Telegraph Company, the Overland Telegraph
Company, and the California State Telegraph
Company, so that the present line of telegraph be-
tween the Missouri river and San Francisco may
be moved upon or along the line of said railroad
and branches as fast as said roads and branches
are built; and if said arrangement be entered into,
and the transfer of said telegraph line be made in
accordance therewith to the line of said railroad
and branches, such transfer shall, for all purposes
of this act, be held and considered a fulfillment on
the part of said railroad companies of the provis-
ions of thigact in regard to the construction of
said line of telegraph. And, in case of disagree-
ment, said telegraph companies are authorized to
remove their line of telegraph along and upon the
line of railroad herein contemplated without pre-
judice to the rights of said railroad companies
named herein.
Sec. 20. Andbe it further enacted, That the cor-
poration hereby created and the roads connected
therewith, under the provisions of this act, shall
make to the Secretary of the Treasury an annual
report wherein shall be set forth—
First. The names of the stockholders and their
places of residence, so far as the same can be
ascertained;
Second. The names and residences of the di-
rectors, and all other officers of the company;
Third. The amount of stock subscribed, and
the amount thereof actually paid in;
Fourth. A description of the lines of road sur-
veyed, of the lines thereof fixed upon for the con-
struction of the road, and the cost of such sur-
veys;
Fifth. The amount received from passengers on
the road;
Sixth. The amount received for freight thereon;
Seventh. A statement of the expense of said
road and its fixtures;
Eighth. A statement of the indebtedness of said
company, setting forth the various kinds thereof:
Which report shall be sworn to by the president
of the said company, and shall bepresented to the
Secretary of the Treasury on or before the first
day of July in each year.
Approved, July 1, 1862.
Chap. CXXI.—An Act changing the Name of
the American-built Schooner "Curtis Mann"
to that of " Supply."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the collector of the customs of the
port of Detroit be, and he is hereby, authorized,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to issue a new register, license, or enrollment,
to the American-huiltschooner "Curtis Mann,"
ih the name of the "Supply," the same being
owned by H. N. Strong.
Approved, July 1, 1862.
Chap. CXXII.—An Act changing the Name of
the American-built Schooner " Tom Dyer" to
that of " Dolphin."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the collector of the customs of the
port of Detroit be, aqd he is hereby, authorized,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to issue a new register, license, or enrollment,
to the American-built schooner "Tom Dyer," in
the name of the "Dolphin," the same being
owned by H. N. Strong.
Approved, July 1, 1862.
Chap. CXXIII.—An Act to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Indian Agent in Colorado
Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be,and he ishereby,
authorized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, or during the recess thereof
and until the end of its next session after such
appointment, an agent for the Grand River and
Wintah bands of Indians, in the Territory of Col-
orado, at a salary of fifteen hundred dollars per
annum.
Approved, July 1, 1862.
Chap. CXXI V.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam B. Dodd and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of the ap-
propriation to complete the road from Mendota
to the Big Sioux river, contained in the act ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, entitled " An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
and for other purposes," into the hands of Hor-
ace Austin, of Saint Peter, Minnesota, who is
hereby appointed a commissioner to dispose of
the same, the sum of three thousand two hun-
dred and seventy dollars, the same having been
estimated for in said appropriation, and being for
completing a part of said road, to be paid out by
him as follows, to wit: The said commissioner
shall give notice to all persons having claims
against William B. Dodd for labor or materials
furnished in the construction of said road, by pub-
lication in a newspaper of general circulation in
the neighborhood where said road is situated, for
ninety days, and by posting written or printed
notices in three public places in each county
through which said road passes, to present and
prove their claims within the ninety days afore-
said; and all such claims, so presented and proved
within the time limited, he shall pay to the par-
ties respectively, and the residue, after the liqui-
dation of such claims, and the payment of the ex-
penses of this commission, he shall pay to the said
William B. Dodd.
Approved, July 1, 1862.
Chap. CXXY.—An Act to incorporate the Guar-
dian Society and reform Juvenile Offenders in
the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Amos Kendall, John M. Broad-
head, Zenas C. Robbins, Sayles J. Bowen, Ne-
hemiah B. North rap, Benjamin B.French, Joseph
Bryan, Peter N. Higinbotham, Thomas C. Jon-
ner, David W. Heath, James R. Barr, Matthew
Waite, Samuel A. H. McKim, John R. Nourse,
and Stephen Prentiss, and their associates and suc-
cessors, being members of said society, by pay-
ing into its treasury the sum of two dollars annu-
ally, or life members, by paying fifty dollars at
one time, or ten dollars annually, for six years,
are hereby incorporated and made a body-politic
by the name of the "Guardian Society" for the
purpose of encouraging and aiding impartially
such of the poor, the ignorant, and the vicious as
can be induced to make such efforts as they ought
for the improvement of their condition, and by
that name shall have perpetual succession, with
the power to use a common seal, to sue and be
sued, to plead and be impleaded, in any court of
the United States, to collect subscriptions, make
by-laws and rules needful for the government of
said corporation not repugnant to the laws of the
United States; may have, hold, and receive real
and personal estate, by purchase, gift, or devise;
may use, sell, or convey the same for the purposes
