1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1.
it, but what means docs it give him to do it? Be-
sides, your colonization is voluntary. I have said
and believe that slavps will never consent to vol-
untary colonization. I have known many slaves
to be manumitted in my State upon condition that
they would go to Liberia, and they refused to go
to Liberia, and chose to remain m slavery. The
idea of voluntary colonization to any considerable
extent is ail moonshine. It never did take place,
and it never will. If this body, or any members
of this body want to favor and help along the
cause of colonization,in my humble judgment this
would be the best and the most practicable mode.
Let Congress, if it has the power, appropriate a
sum of money that will colonize the slaves of
every State that will free them, and of every slave-
holder in any State that will free his slaves, and
in the course of a few years you would have
thousands and tens of thousands of emancipations
annually.
Mr. uLARK. I did not propose to argue the
effect of this measure upon Kentucky, nor did I
propose to allude even to the subject of coloniza-
tion; but what I did propose was to put the Sen-
ator's argument to the test. I understand the
Senator now distinctly to admit that under the
Constitution, the Government have the power to
confiscate a slave with other property; that is to
say, they can take the slave and make him the
property of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. For the lifetime of the owner.
Mr. CLARK. Very well. Then if the Sena-
tor will look in the Constitution he will find that
Congress have the power to make all needful rules
and regulations concerning the property of the
United States. Then they may set him free.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. CLARK. They may make all needful
rules and regulations, and if they deem it needful
they can set him free.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a matter of State polity.
Mr. CLARK. Ah! a matter not of constitu-
tional law but of State polity. lam looking at
the national power. Now, suppose we take a
mule from a rebel, and cannot sell him, and have
nothing to do with him; cannot we turn him loose?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; but anybody can pick him
up afterwards if he chooses.
Mr. CLARK. So anybody can pick the negro
up if he can find him. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. We will go after him.
Mr. CLARK. I want to look at this matter a
moment. You take a negro from a rebel, as the
Senator proposes; he belongs to the United States.
The Senator contends that you must sell him.
You sell him. Who buys him? Where do you
sell him? Where.do you find your market? Not
in a free State, but in a slave State. You sell him
to one of these slaveholders, and the rebels come
and seize him and have him engaged on fortifica-
tions in a week.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me to
say a word of explanation?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the whole white popu-
lation of South Carolina changed, and if I had
the power I would change it just as the people of
Acadia were changed by the conquest of that prov-
ince by England. I would permit the hardy sons
of the West and of the free States, who have gone
to fight the battle of reconstruction and restora-
tion of the Government and Constitution and laws
of the United States, to go there and possess them-
selves of the lands and the slaves of these south-
ern planters, and themselves to become planters.
Mr. CLARK. I was not talking about South
Carolina.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, any State.
Mr. CLARK. I was not talking about set-
tling that land. I was talking about these slaves
that you want to take away from rebels. I saw
a letter yesterday from an officcr high in your
army down at Yorktown, which stated that thou-
sands of the slaves of these rebels were at this
time on those fortifications. There is no dispute
of the fact. Would not the Senator have them
taken away? And when we had taken them
away, would he have them sold to go right back
there again? Sir, I would set them free."I would
do wore: I would organize them, and I would
make them fight for the Union cause. I would
put them on our side. That ia the confiscation I
would give the rebels for them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. There is occasion for an ex-
ecutive session. I will therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business. That will leave this question the order
at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope that will be done.
I will remark that I had no idea at all of saying a
word on confiscation until to-day, after listening
to the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I want to see a report of that speech, and I think
it will afford subject-matter for a few remarks im-
promptu to-morrow.,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question is put
on the motion to go into executive session, to
which I shall not object, if the Senator from Del-
aware desires to have this subject put over to make
some remarks to-morrow 
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state frankly to the
Senator from Illinois, I had not the remotest idea
of saying a word on this subject until to-day; but
if the subject is postponed until one o'-clock to-
morrow, I propose, not to make a setspeech, fori
have not even a note made, but very briefly to re-
view some of the positions taken by the Senator
from Massachusetts to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Delaware he must be aware that this
bill has been very long delayed. I certainly do
not wish to be discourteous to him or any one
else; but it seems to me it is about time we were
trying to get a vote on these measures, and if the
Senator will not go on to-night with his remarks,
I trust it may be understood we shall have the
vote to-morrow. I do not know of any one else
who desires saying anything upon it, except it
may be the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
little,] who remarked to me that perhaps he
would say something. I do not know whether
he designs making a speech upon it or not. If he
does, there will be time to hear him to-morrow
also; but I trust there will be no effort to run this
thing over to-morrow. I am willing that the Sen-
ate should now go into executive session, on the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts, if
we can have an understanding that we shall press
this subject to a vote to-morrow. The tax bill
will be upon us next week. For myself, I would
prefer to sit here to-night and finish this bill; but
still I do notwjshtobediscourteous,and ifftiends
around me wish an executive session now, I de-
sire it to be understood that to-morrow I shall
insist as far as I can, and I hope the Senate will
sustain mc, in bringing this matter to a vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me, I will simply remark that 1 do
not wish to interpose any objection to the business
of the Senate; neither do I ask that this subject be
postponed from any courtesy to me. I had no
idea of speaking until I heard the speech of the
Senator from Massachusetts to-day, and I only
proposed, in case it was perfectly convenient to
the Senate, to postpone this subject until to-mor-
row to submit a very few remarks; 1 do not know
how long they may be. But I do not wish to ask
this as a favor from the Senate or to interpose any
obstacle to the business of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my motion for
an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Sonata adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 1, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DUTIES FROM IMPOKTS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill to amend ail act entitled " An act to provide
increased revenue from imports, to pay the inter-
est on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved August 5, 1861; winch was read a first
and second time, refeircd to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
SEA-COAST FORTIFICATIONS.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness before the House to be the consideration of the
bill (H.R.No.416) authorizing the appointment
of aboard of fortifications, to provide for sea-coast
and other defenses of the United States, and for
other purposes, the pending question being upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is very evident,
from circumstances which have transpired since
the passage of the bill making appropriations for
fortifications, that some modification of our pres-
ent system of sea-coast defense is absolutely ne-
cessary, and it is equally clear that Congress can-
not be prepared to act upon the subject of changing
such defenses without submitting the plan to the
scrutiny of the men best qualified to pass upon
such a measure.
The bill reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs provides that a board of fortifications shall
be established, appointed and convened by the
President of the United States, to consist of two
officers of the corps of engineers, one officerof the
Ordnance department, one officerof artillery, two
officers of the Navy, two members selected by
reason of their eminent scientific and practical at-
tainments, and an officer of the corps of engineers
as secretary. The committee have deemed it ne-
cessary that the engineer department should be
largely represented in this commission, and that
ordnance and artillery officers who have made it
a specialty to attend to this particular branch of
the subject should be represented, as also the
Navy Department. I know there has been a con-
test for years between the officers of the Navy
and of the Army in regard to the proper system
of fortifications—the Army contending, as a gen-
eral thing, that these stone forts can be made so
efficient as to prevent any hostile vessels entering
our harbors; while the officers of the Navy have
contended that under certain circumstances, as for
instance in the dark, or in foggy weather, even
wooden vessels could pass-by any of our forts
and enter into our harbors. And the results of
this war have demonstrated the correctness of the
latter theory, even as applicable to wooden steam-
ships of war, and much more so as to the present
style of gunboats which are used by the mari-
time nations of the world.
It is therefore important that in any plan or any
system of fortifications upon which this Govern-
ment shall hereafter enter, we should have the
benefit of the experience of our naval officers who
have made it their special study how to destroy
these boats. The news which we received a day
or two since from New Orleans, where we have
two first-class forts nearly opposite each other on
the Mississippi, where it is not more than three
quarters of a nulc in width, shows that those forts
have been silenced and passed by a fleet of wooden
vessels alone. That fact demonstrates that great
changes and modifications will have to be made
in our system of coast fortifications, if we intend
to defend our ports against the entrance of the
vessels of an enemy.
I cannot conceive of any other mode in which
this can be so well done as by the establishment
of a commission somewhat of the character of that
provided for in the bill which has been reported
by the Military Committee. The report of the
commission, it will be seen by reference to the
bill, will be made to Congress, unless the exi-
gencies of the public service shall require that the
new system, which shall be reported in favor of
by the board should be put into operation imme-
diately; and in that case the President maypros-
ecute the work without reference to Congress.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether there is any provision in the
bill which suspends the expenditure of the money
already appropriated upon the present fortifica-
tions now in progress? If there is, it is a good
provision.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman that there is a provision in this bill
which transfers the unexpended balance of the
money already appropriated, to be expended upon •
the plan which shall be devised by this board,
under the authority and direction of the President
of the United States.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wanted to know if there
was a provision suspending the expenditure of the
present appropriation, because if they go on and
