1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GttiOBE.
385
Laws of the United States.
37^ii Cong....2d Sbss.
and benefit of said corporation; may choose such
officers and teachers as they may deem necessary,
prescribe their duties, and fix their compensa-
tion.
Sec.2. Andbe it farther enacted, Thatthey may,
at their discretion, receive into a house of indus-
try provided by said society any minors, under
the age of eighteen years, who shall be convicted
of any crime, offensfi, or misdemeanor, other than
such as are capital or punishable by imprisonment
for life; and such person[s] shall be committed
by the court or magistrate before whom the con-
viction shall be had, to said house of industry,
with an alternate sentence to the jail or peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia if the trustees
dccline to receive or keep them, and to the com-
mitments shall be annexed the names and res-
idences of the witnesses examined, and the sub-
stance of the evidence given.
Sec. 3. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the court
may, with the consent of accused persons, or their
parents or guardians in writing, arrest proceed-
ings at any time, and commit them to the hcjpse
of industry.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the trus-
tees may receive any children at the request of
the parents or guardians, or next friend, or the
mother, if the father be dead, or has abandoned
his family, or does not provide for their support,
or is an habitual drunkard; such parents, guar-
dians, or next friend, or mother, making a writ-
ten surrender of such children.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the trus-
tees shall not be required to receive any offenders
known to be extremely vicious, nor to keep any
who may prove incorrigible, or whose continu-
ance may be deemed injurious; and those whom
any two of the trustees or the superintendent, if
duly authorized by the board, shall refuse to re-
ceive or keep, shall be disposed of according to
their alternate sentences.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That persons
committed as witnesses, and those under the age
of eighteen years committed for trial, shall _ be
placed in the house of industry instead of the jail
or penitentiary, unless they are so vicious that
placing them in it should be deemed injurious.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no com-
mitment shall be for a shorter term than until the
offender is reformed or twenty-one years of age,
except such as may be committed for trial or as
witnesses; but any of them who may be deemed
to be thoroughly reformed may be discharged dur-
ing good behavior, on the order of the board of
trustees, duly entered upon their record.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the su-
perintendent may, with the concurrence of the
board of trustees, govern the inmates, preserve
order, enforce discipline, impart instruction in
the veneration and love of God, in morality, useful
knowledge, and some regular course of labor, and
establish°rules for the preservation of health and
their proper physical, intellectual, and moral train -
in0*, until they are reformed and discharged, or
twenty-one years of age, or remanded as incorri-
gible. The trustees may bind out, with their con-
sent, by indenture, any who'may appear to be
sufficiently reformed, where they will have the
benefit of good example, wholesome instruction,
and other means of improvement in virtue and
knowledge, and the opportunity of becoming in-
telligent,"moral, and useful members of society.
TheV may appoint a committee of one or more of
their own number to execute and deliver inden-
tures, which shall be filed and kept in the office
of the house of industry. The superintendent
may let out inmates to hire during the daytime
to employers whose work is not too distant from
the house of industry for him to have the general
inspection of their conduct and the treatment they
rece iv'1 • •
Sec. 9 And be itfurther enacted, That if any
apprentices ffi'ove untrustworthyandunreformed,
the trustees may, at their discretion, permit their
return, and order the indentures canceled. r u-
gitives from the house of industry, or from ap-
prenticeship, may be arrested and returned to the
house of industry by a sheriff, constable, police
officer, or an ofHcer of the house of industry, on
the written order of any two of the trustees oi
the superintendent.
Sec. 10. And be itfurther enacted, That persons
New Semes—No. 25.
under the age of eighteen years shall be entitled
to a private examination and trial, if they request
it in writing, at vMiich only the parties shall be
admitted, their parents, guardians, or other legal
representatives.
Sec. IX. And be itfurther enacted, That the ex-
penses of maintenance of the inmates committed
for offenses against the people, or for trial, or as
witnesses, shall be paid by the county, and those
of persons committed by parents, guardians, or
next friends, shall be paid by the persons com-
mitting them, unless the trustees shall otherwise
determine. The rates of expenses shall be fixed
by the board of trustees.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
grounds, and the buildings thereon, for the use of
said society, shall be exempt from taxation.
Approved, July 1, 1862.
Chap. CXXVI.—An Act to punish and prevent
the practice of Polygamy in the Territories of
the United States and other places, and disap-
proving and annulling certain Acts of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That every person having a husband
or wife living, who shall marry any other person,
whether married or single, in a Territory of the
United States, or other place over which the Uni-
ted States have exclusive jurisdiction, shall, ex-
cept in the cases specified in the proviso to this
section, be adjudged guilty of bigamy,and, upon
conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, and by imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding five years: Provided,
nevertheless, That this section shall not extend to
any person by reason of any former marriage
whose husband or wife by such marriage shall
have been absent for five successive years without
being known to such person within that time to
be living; nor to any person by reason of any
former marriage which shall have been dissolved
by the decree of a competent court; nor to any
person by reason of any former marriage which
shall have been annulled or pronounced void by
the sentence or decree of a competent court on
the ground of the nullity of the maniage con-
tract.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be itfurther enactcd, That the fol-
lowing ordinance of theprovisional government of
the State ofDeseret, so called, namely: " An ordi-
nance incorporating the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter Pay Saints," passed February eight,
in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and
adopted, reenacted, and made valid by the Gov-
ernorand Legislative Assembly of thoTerritory of
Utah by an act passed January nineteen, in the
year eighteen hundred and fifty-five, entitled " An
act in relation to the compilation and revision of
the laws and resolutions in force in Utah Terri-
tory, their publication, and distribution,"and all
o'ther acts and parts of acts heretofore passed by
the said Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Utah, which establish, support,maintain, shield,
orcountenancepolygamy, be,and the same hereby
are, disapproved and annulled: Provided, That
this act shall be so limited and construed as not
to affect or interfere with the right of property
legally acquired under the ordinance heretofore
mentioned, nor with the right "to worship God
according to the dictates of conscience," but only
to annul all acts and laws which establish, main-
tain, protect, or countenance the practice of po-
lygamy, evasively called spiritual marriage, how-
ever disguised by legal or ecclesiastical solemni-
ties, sacraments, ceremonies, consecrations, or
other contrivances.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That it shall
not he lawful for any corporation or association
for religious or charitable purposes to acquire or
hold real estate in any Territory of the United
States during the existence of the terntoral gov-
ernment of a greater value than fifty thousand dol-
lars; and all real estate acquired or held by any
such corporation or association contrary to the
provisions of this act shall be forfeited and escheat
to the United States: Provided, That existing
vested rights in real estate shall not be impaired
by the provisions of this section.
Approved, July 1, 1862. .
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act to provide for addi-
tional Medical Officers of the Volunteer Service.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, forty surgeons and one hundred and
twenty assistant surgeons of volunteers, who shall
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of officers of
corresponding grades in the regular Army: Pro-
vided, That no one shall be appointed to any po-
sition under this act unless lie shall previously
have been examined by a board of medical officers
to be appointed by the Secretary of War, and that
vacancies in the grade of surgeon shall be filled by
selection from the grade of assistant surgeon on
the ground of merit only: And provided further,
That this act shall continue in force only during
the existence of tho present rebellion.
Sec. 3. Andbe itfurther enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, brigade surgeons
shall be known and designated as surgeons of vol-
unteers, and shall be attached to the general med-
ical staff under the direction of the Surgeon Gen-
eral; and hereafter such appointments for the
medical service of the Army shall be appointed
surgeons of volunteers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That instead
of " one assistant surgeon," as provided by the
second section of the act of July 22d, 1861, each
regiment of volunteers in the service of the United
States shall have two assistant surgeons.
Approved, July 3, 1862.
Chap. CXXV11I.—An Act to prescribe an Oath
of Office, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That hereafter every person elected or
appointed to any office of honor or profit under ■
the Government of the United States, cither in the
civil, military, or naval departments of the public
service, excepting tho President of the United
States, shall, before entering upon the duties of
such office, and before being entitled to any of the
salary or other emoluments thereof, take and sub-
scribe the following oath or affirmation: " I, A
B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that 1 have never
voluntarily borne arms against the United States
since 1 have been a citizen thereof; that 1 have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed'
hostility thereto; that I have neither sought nor
acccptcd nor attempted to exercise the functions
of any office whatever, under any authority or
pretended authority in hostility to the United
States; that Ihave not yielded a voluntary support
to any pretended government, authority, power,
or constitution within the United States, hostile
or inimical thereto. And 1 do further swear (or
affirm) that, to the best of my knowledge and
ability, 1 will support and defend the Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign
and domestic; that I will bear true faith and alle-
giance to tho same; that 1 take this obligation
freely, withoutany mental reservation or puipose
of evasion, and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which 1 am about
to enter, so help me God;" which said oath, so
taken and signed, shall be preserved among,the
files of the court, House of Congress, or depart-
ment to which the said office may appertain. And
any person who shall falsely take the said oath
shall be guilty of perjury, and on conviction, in
addition to the penalties now prescribed for that
offense, shall be deprived of his office and rendered
incapable forever after of holding any office or
place under the United States.
Approved, July 2, 18G2.
Chap. CXX1X.—An Act to establish a Land
District in the Territory ot Nevada, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the public lands ot the United
States m the Territory of Nevada shall constitute
a land district, to be called the District of Ne-
vada, the office for which shall be established at
such place within said district&s the President of
the United States may from time to time direct,
