THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seyenth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1862.
New Semes No,. 180.
assault, or attempt or threaten tostiike or assault him, while
in the execution of the duties of lus office; thud, or shall
give,, hold, ot entertain any intercom^e or intelligence to
or with any enemy or i ebel, without leave from the I're-i-
denl of the United Hiate?, tin; r?ecietary of the Navv, the
commander-in-chief of the fleet, or the commandcr of a
squadron, 01, in case of a ve^el actmir singly, fiom Ins
commanding officer; fourth, or shall deseft, or entice
others to desert, to an eneinv 01 icbel; fifth, or -shall le-
ccive any me^nge 01 letter from an enemy or rebel, or be
aware of the unlawful leceplion of'such letter or menage,
and fail to take the eailiest oppoif unity to inform his supe-
rior oi commanding officer thereof; sixth, ors-hall, in time
of war, desert or betray his trust, or entice or aid others
todesert orbetraytheir tiust, or shall sdeep uponlus watch,
or leave his station before'regulaily relieved; seventh,
or shall intentionally or willfully suffer any vessel of tlio
Navy to be stiandedor rim upon rock^ or bhoals, or im-
properly hazarded, or shall willfully or maliciously injure
any vessel of the Navy, or any pait of her tackle, arma-
ment orequipment, whereby the safety of rhe vessel shall
be hazrded, or the lives of the crew exposed to danger, or
shall set on fire or otherwise unlawfully de?troy any public
property not then in the possession of an enemy, pirate, or
rebel; eighth, or shall strike, or attempt to stuke, the Hag
to an enemy or rebel without proper authority, or when
engaged in battle shall treacherously yield or pusillant-
mou-dy ery for quarter; ninth, or shall in time of battle dis-
play cowardice, negligence, 01 disaffection, or withdraw
from or keep out of danger to which he should expose him-
self, or shall desert ills duty or station, or entice others to
do so, or shall not properly observe the orrieis of his com-
manding officer, and u&e his utmost exertions to cany them
into execution, when oidered topiepaie for, join in, or
when actually engaged m battle, or while in sight of an
enemy; tenth, or when commanding a fleet, squadron, or
vessel acting singly, shall, upon the probability of an en-
gagement, or on sight of any armed vessel of an enemy or
rebel, neglect to prepare and clear his ship for action, or
shall not, upon signal for battle, use his utmost exeitions to
join in battle, or shall fail to oncouiage in his own person
his inferior officeis and men to fight comageouslv, or shall
not do hN utmost to ovettake and capture or destroy any
vessel which it hhis duty to encounter, or shall not afford
all practicable rHief and as.-mancc to vessels belonging to
the United States or their allies when engaged in battle.
No amendment being proposed, the Secretary
read article four, as follows:
Art 4. Ppies and all persons who shall comeorbe found
in the capacity of spies, or who shall bring or deliver any se-
ducing letter 01 message from an enemy or rebel, or endeavor
to ooirupt any poison in the Navy to betiay his tru.-t, shall
suffer death, or such other punishment as a court-martial
shall adjudge.
No amendment being offered, the Secretary read
the fifth article, as follows:
Art. 5. The crnne of murder, when committed by any offi-
cer, seaman, marine, urothei pcison belonging to any public
ship or vessel of the United States, without the temtorial
niusdiction of the same, may be punished with death by
the sentence of a coutt-maitial.
No amendment being proposed, the Secretary
read the sixth article, as follows:
Art. G. In cases whcie a naval coinr-martial is author-
ized to adjudge the punishment of death u may substitute
for such punishment impugnment for life, or fora stated
term, at haul labor, and such sentences of impusonment
and hard l.iboi may be earned intu execution in any prison
or pemtentiaiy under the control of the United States, oi
the u<e ol which shall be allowed by the LegMatuie of a
State; and persons convicted by a court-maitial and im-
prisoned in the puson or penitentiary of any State 01 Ter-
ritory shall, in all respects, be subject to the same discip-
line and treatment and under the same contiol as convicts
sentenced by the couit^ of the State or Teiritory in which
sueh piison or penitentiary is situated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This articlc is
open to amendment.
Air.TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire, in
view of what we have just been doing, objecting
totheconfinement of persons sentenced by courts-
martial in the Army to imprisonmentin the peni-
tentiary, what more propriety there can be in im-
prisoning persons in the Navy on the decisions
of courts-martial.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, if the Senator
had paid attention to the reading of the article, he
would have observed that it applies only to cases
where a court-martial has authority under the law,
as they have under the law now, to punish a cul-
prit with the infliction of the death penalty. The
article provides that in cases where a naval court-
martial is authoiized to adjudge the punishmentof
death, as in the case of desertion in the face of an
enemy or of refusal to strike an enemy in time of at-
tack, they may substitute for such punishment im-
prisonment for life. it only ameliorates the punish-
ment and brings it down to confinement in the pen-
itentiary instead of taking the life of the person
who is guilty of the offense. As the law now stands
180
—I will refer the Senator to the act; he will find it
in his Naval Register on page 112—it isakindof
Draconian code. A person who is guilty of any
offense in the Navy is either to iose his life or else
under that law is to be whipped. The purpose of
this bill is to ameliorate these punishments. In
the first place it strikes out all those provisions in
regard to whipping, and then in those extreme
cases where, under the law as it now stands, the
life of the man may be taken, it allows the court-
martial, if they see fit, instead of doing that, to
send him to the penitentiary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that this bill
provides for the punishment of death, not only in
cases of desertion or cowardice, and things of that
kind, but for a large class of offenses; fonnstance,
if a person entertains any intercourse whatever
with the enemy, without leave of the President of
the United States or his commanding officer, he
is to be punished with death; if he goes to sleep
on his post, he is punished with death; if he re-
ceives a message from the enemy, and fails to
take the earliest opportunity to inform his supe-
rior officer of it, the punishment is death; if he
threatens to strike an officer, not only if he strikes
him, but if lie threatens that he will strike him,
it is punishable with death, or may be by a court-
martial. It is so with all these offenses. I am
not objecting to that, and I approve of the object
which the Senator from Iowa states, that this is
to grade the punishment or to afford an opportu-
nity to modify the punishment in certain cases; but
the point is this: there seems to have been a very
decided expression of opinion, so far as I could
understand, on the part of both Houses of Con-
gress that it was improper to use the penitentia-
ries for the confinement of persons sentenced by
a court-martial in the Army. If that was so in
regard to the Army, it seems to me it should be
in regard to the Navy.
Now, suppose that in the Navy a person sleeps
on his post, under circumstances that are notag-
gravating. It is a very high offense, and under
particular circumstances the watchman ought to
be punished with death, we would all agree; but
there might be other circumstances where a milder
punishment ought to be inflicted by a court-mar-
tial. This authorizes the use of the penitentiary
for the purpose of confining these persons for of-
fenses which may be somewhat trivial.
Mr. GRIMES. Would youstrikethisout,and
allow them to be hung?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I would not allow
them to behung; but I want to know, and the Sen-
ator from iowa has not answered, why it is proper
for courts-martial in the Navy to use the peniten-
tiaries, and not proper for courts-martial in the
Army to do so? If you look over the crimes for
which persons in the Army have been sentenced
to thepemtentiary, you willfind that some of them
are of the highest character; in time of war men
have been guilty of offenses which would have
authorized,"under the law, courts-martial to sen-
tence them to be executed, but instead of doing
that they have sentenced them to the penitentiary.
Mr. WILKINSON. Very few of them were
of that character.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be true that very
few of them were of that character, but some of
them were. I think some of them were for cow-
ardice. Now, the point is this: if there is any ob-
jection to sending men to the penitentiary by Army
courts-maitial, does it not equally apply to naval
couits-martial?
Mr. GRIMES. There is not any objection to
their being sent by an Army court-martial, pro-
vided the Army court-martial is constituted in the
proper way, and is not a summary court-martial.
If the Senator had waited until we got through
this bill, he would have seen that it contains a pro-
vision to take away the power from summary
courts-martial in the Navy which now exists, the
power even to inflict any punishment, much less
to take life or to send a man to the penitentiary.
When the bill was before the Senate, in regard
to the use of the District of Columbia penitenti-
ary for the incarceration of persons convicted by
military courts-martial, I tried to make an excep-
tion of these severe cases. I was not successful
in that effort; but the Senator from Illinois is mis-
taken in saying that both Houses entertained the
same opinion on that subject. The House of Rep-
resentatives struck out the section which the Sen-
ate proposed, and the Committee on the Judiciary
of the House have reported a bill similar to this,
providing that in certain cases the penitentiary may
be used both by Army and Nuvy courts-martial
for the purpose of inflicting the punishments that
may be awarded by them.
Mr. President, the penalties which have already
been read in the'preceding articles of this bill, are
in the law as it now stands; but article six, which
has just been read, is not in the law as it now
stands, and it was only to lessen the penalties that
that has been inserted. Striking that out, you
leave the infliction of the punishment of death
upon the men who are guilty of these offenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not necessarily.
Mr. GRIMES. Not necessarily; but where
there is anr extreme case, where the men ought to
be punished, it seems to me there can be no objec-
tion to their being sent to the penitentiary. 1 have
failed to discover, and I have made diligent inquiry
on that subject, the first case where it is alleged
that an abuse of this kind has been perpetrated
by a Navy court-martial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not just as likely?
Mr. GRIMES. No; for this reason: the per-
sons who have been sent to the Distiict peniten-
tiary from the Army, have been sent by courts-
martial composed of persons who were not familiar
with courts-martial, who were not familiar with
the subject of investigating and weighing testi-
mony. They were summary courts-martial that
sent them there, from which we have taken away
the power in this bill and given it to general courts-
martial which ore obliged to convene here. When
the crew comes home there is a general court-mar-
tial convened.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I am concerned,
I will not persist m any objection to this provis-
ion now, on the statement of the Senator from Iowa
that other provisions of the bill show that it is
properly guarded, and as there will be an oppor-
tunity hereafter, if it is thought advisable, to
amend it.
Mr, MORRILL. I want to say one word on
this point. It strikes me that this provision of the
bill is eminently proper. It is a mere question of
the confinement of persons convicted. I under-
stand that to be the question to which the Senator
from Illinois directs the attention of the Senate.
Now, if these persons are to be convicted by a
court-martial, what place so appropriate for their
confinement as the prisons in the country?
Mr.TRUMBULL. Why not in the Army, too?
Mr. MORRILL. I see no reason why it should
not apply to the Army under similar circum-
stances. If persons are convicted and sentenced
to be shot, and then their sentence is commuted
to imprisonment for life, what places are there so
appropriate as the well-regulated prisons of the
country in which to confine those persons? It
seems to me, the proper treatment of the persons
confined would require that they should be con-
fined in the prisons of the country. I therefore
suggest it is eminently lit that they shouM be con-
fined nowhere else than in the general prisons of
the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment being pioposed to this article, the next will
be read.
The Secretary read article seven, as follows:
Such punishment as acourt martial shall adjudge maybe
inflicted on any person in the Navy: First, who shall be
guilty of euielty. oppr< s-sion.or maltreatment ol those sub-
ject to his order*; second, or bhalt be guilty of piofane
swearing, diunkcnnoFs, gambling, fraud, thelt. or any other
scandalous conduct teinhnirtoihe destruction of good mor-
al? ; third, oi t>hail quarrel with, strike, or assault any other
pei.son in the Navy,oi use ptovoking or reproachful words,
gostuie", or menaces, or endeavor to foment quarrels be-
tween other persons in the Navy, or send or accent a chal-
lenge to fight a duel, or act as second in a duelfourth, or
shall treat with contempt his superior officer, or 1x3'disre-
spectful to him in language o,r deportment * or 8"a"
