1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
eminent, and shall be graduated with the grad-
uating" class—-so theft each class, instead of grad-
uating one third or one half the number that
entered it, shall graduate the whole number. I
would have no others receive commissions except
those'who should graduate with the regular class.
Now, you will perceive, if you examine this a
moment, that in this way, for every person se-
lected by a member of Congress, who fails and
proves incompetent, you willget in his place a per-
son who stands highest on the merit roll of pay-
ing scholars. His education is paid for by Ids
parents or guardian until the time when he goes
into the class, and after that the Government pays
for his education. As it now stands, the Gov-
ernment pays for the education, up to a ccrtain
period, of those who never go into the military
or naval service; and that money is entirely lost
to the Government. It receives no benefit what-
ever from it. You cannot now put a student into
an advanced class. Those who are selected go
into the lowest class, and there is no way of sup-
plyingtheplaces of those who fail in the second,
third, or fourth years of their course; so that,
whatever the Government expends upon them is
entirely lost. In the other way, the Government
pays for the education of the scholar through a
four or five years'course, and at the end of that
time- gets into its service a competent military or
naval officer.
The House will also perceive another advant-
age in this. Those who go to these schools as
paying scholars, are likely to be those who have
a taste for the naval or military service, who are
anxious and ambitious to be educated for those
professions; and therefore there is likely to be
more than the average number of scholars, and
more than the average amount of qualifications.
And so, at the end of a coursc, you will always
secure a full number of the best fitted and most
accomplished persons for the naval and military
service that can possibly bo found in the com-
munity.
Mr. Speaker, this section has the germ of a plan
which I should be very much disposed to favor,
but, as it is stated in this fifth section, it strikes
me as being very imperfect—as wanting in many
details which shoul^Lbc incorporated in it. I
should, therefore, much prefer that the whole sub-
ject of sending paying scholars and of selecting
cadets for these different schools should be put in
a separate bill, where its details may be perfected.
I have no doubt that the whole system of naval
military education may be most essentially
n "improved by a well-considered bill on the subject;
but I do not perceive that this section proposes
such a system with such details as might be pro-
vided in a bill brought 111 for the purpose of se-
curing these advantages.
Mr, BLAIR, of Missouri. I am very much
obliged to the gentleman from New York for his
criticism on the section. I am as well aware as
he can be of its imperfections. The Committee
on Military Affairs has given to it all the consid-
eration that it could possibly give, and yet it has
notarrived at that perfection which probably some
other committee might, if it were intrusted with
this matter. At the same time, sir, I think that
the system proposed by the gentleman from New
York is one so complicated and involved that it
can hardly meet the favor of the House, it really
effects nothing that is not effected by the proposi-
tion as it now stands. He says that when a cadet
fails in a class, if one of these paying students is
allowed to take his„place, he will go on through
the course at the expense of the Government, and
the Government will not lose the money which it
has expended on the cadet who has failed at tiie
end of the first, second, or third year. I submit
to the House that the Government will lose just
as much as if it had not appointed the other man
in his place, and will not obtain any more service
from the paying cadet, who would go on under
this system just as he would go on under the sys-
tem proposed by the gentleman from New York.
There is absolutely no difference at all, in effect,
between the complicated system proposed by the
gentleman from New York and the proposition
reported by the Committee on Millitary Affairs;
none whatever. It would only provide that the
memberof Congress who hadnominated the youth
who had failed should not have the privilege of
nominating anotherin his place; and that a youth
who had gone to West Point or the Naval Acad-
emy at the expense of his parents or guardian,
would be taken into the service of the Govern-
ment, and his expenses paid by the Government.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman from
Missouri yield tome?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether it is the design of the
Committee on Military Affairs to put this bill on
its passage now—whether it is up for final action ?
11 occurs to me that such an i mpor tan t bill as th is—
none more important has been offered this ses-
sion—should not be passed hurriedly, and I sug-
gest that a day be fixed for its consideration when
it can be discussed striatim.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It depends entirely
on the disposition of the House. The Committee
on Military Affairs do not desire to press the
bill if any member of the House wishes to debate
it. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania will sub-
mit a motion to postpone and make it a special
order for an early day—for I think it is of suffi-
cient importance to demand the early attention of
Congress—I will have no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope it will be postponed
for a considerable time, for this reason: looking
at the bill, I find that it contains three or four pro-
visions, each of them very important, and likely
to involve theGovernmentin a very large expend-
iture. I think the House ought to have time to
consider itfully, and I hope that some distantday
will be fixed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Let any day be
fixed that will suit the convenience of the House.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I merely put the prelim-
inary question to the gentleman from Missoui,
with a view of going on to say that this discussion
on the question of appointment of cadets to West
Point seems to be coming outof its place, because
it is one of the closing sections of the bill. If the
bill is coming up for action I desire that its sec-
tions should be discussed seriatim. As my col-
league [Mr. Stevens] has said, there are four or
five propositions in this bill. There is a proposition
for a committee to examine the lake and sea-coast
fortifications. I undertake to say that that of itself
is a pretty heavy business. Then there is the
location of an armory and arsenal and naval depot
on the lakes. Then there is this West Point mat-
ter besides.
Now, I am looking at this matter for the first
time, and of course 1 am not prepared to discuss
it at this time, i will suggest, however, that these
important propositions should come up at a time
when they can receive the deliberate consideration
of the House. I hope, therefore, the gentleman
from Missouri will fix some day when the bill can
be considered as a special order and be disposed of.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, I desire to propose an
amendment to the fourth section of this bill. I
propose as a substitute for that section the bill
presented by the gentleman from Nesv York [Mr.
Baker] who is now absent. He expected to be
here when this matter of the establishment of an
armory came up, and would have presented his
proposition himself. I propose that bill as an
amendment for the fourth section of the bill, and
then move that the bill be postponed to and set
down as a special order for next Tuesday.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
say Tuesday week.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] that one bill pend-
ing before the House cannot be offered as an
amendment to another.
Mr. COX. Oh, I will alter it enough to make
it come within the rule.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the bill
be postponed until next Tuesday, and that it be
made a special order.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman permit me to
offer my amendment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think the gentle-
man can offer it as well when it comes up at the
time to which it is postponed.
Mr. COX. 1 can, if the gentleman will give
me the floor for that purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly I will. I
hope the gentleman from Ohio will offer his amend-
ment, and that every other gentleman who desires
to offer an "amendment for the purpose of perfect-
ing the bill, will do so.
Mr.STEVENS. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri, so as to post-
pone the bill until next Tuesday week.
Mr. ALDRICH. I see this bill makes an ap-
propriation. I suppose it will have to be consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole; will it not?
The SPEAKER. It would if the gentleman
had raised the question in time, but the Chair de-
cides that since the bill has been read, and dis-
cussion permitted upon it, it is now too late to
make the point.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Stevens
was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask that it may
be made a special order.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to that.
The bill was then postponed until one week
from Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
MESSAGE JFItOJI THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate agreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 124) relating to high-
ways in the county of Washington and District
of Columbia.
ADJUTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consont, reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs a bill for
the better organization of the Adjutant General's
department; which was read a first and second
time, recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and, with a communication from the Ad-
jutant General and a communication from the Sec-
retary of War on the subject of the bill, ordered
to be printed.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire the consent of the
House to report from the Committee on Naval
Affairs House bill No. 280, which was some time
ago recommitted to that committee, for the purpose
of having it postponed until the same day, to be
considered in connection with the bill just re-
ported by the gentleman from Missouri, and post-
poned until next Tuesday week, that bill contain-
ing, as it does, provisions in relation to the Naval
Academy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not sec how
the two bills can be considered in the House at
the same time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to have it post-
poned until the same day.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will suggest to the
gentleman from New York that he can move any
amendment he desires to the bill I have reported
when it comes up for consideration.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
gentleman from New Yoik can offer his bill as an
amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I prefer that it should be
considered as a separate bill. I withdraw my
motion.
NATIONALITY OF FREEDOM.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Territories a bill
to render freedom national and slavery sectional;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories, and or-
dered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
j accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cris-
field in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special order, being a bill (H. R. No. 364)
to aid in constructing a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question pending
to be on the amendment submitted by Mr. Ste-
vens to the substitute proposed by Mr. Camp?
bell,to inseitafterthe \vord"four,"in the fourth
section, the words, "and ten dollars per share
actually paid into the treasury of the company."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
in thesixty-eighth line by striking out all after the
