1862.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
Laws of the United States.
SiTth Com...2d Sess.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postal on letters
and packets received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial and courts of inquiry, including the additional
compensation of judges advocate, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service, under
the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
two; extra pay to soldiers employed, under the
direction of the quartermaster's department, in
the erection of barracks, quarters, storehouses,
and hospitals; m the construction of roads and
on other constant, labor, for periods of not less
than ten days, under the acts of March second,
eighteen hundred and nineteen, and August
fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, including
those employed as clerks at division and depart-
ment headquarters; expenses of expresses to
and fioni tlie frontier posts and armies in the field;
of escorts to paymasters and other disbursing
officers and to twuns where military escorts can-
not be furnished; expenses of the interment of
officers killed in action, or who die when on duty
m the field, or at posts on thefrontiers,oratother
posts and places when ordered by the Secretary
of War, and of non-commissioned officers and
soldiers; authorized office furniture; lure of labor-
ers in the quartermaster's department, including
the hire of interpreters, spies, and guides for the
Army; compensation of clerks of the officers of
the quartermaster's department; compensation of
forage and wagon masters, authorized by the act
of July fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
for the apprehension of deserters, and the ex-
penses incident to their pursuit; and for the fol-
lowing expenditures requited for the several regi-
ments of cavalry, the batteries of light artillery,
and such companies of infantry as maybe mounted,
viz: the purchase of traveling Ibiges, blacksmiths'
and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes and
nails, lion and steel for shoeing, hire of vertcri-
nary surgeons, modicincs for horses and mules,
picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses of the
corps named; also, generally, the proper author-
ized expenses for the movements and operations
of an army not expressly assigned to any other
department, twenty million eight hundred and
thirty-six thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
frve million foui hundred thousand dollais.
For mileage, or the allowance made to officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty with-
out troops, escorts, or supplies, one million two
hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred
dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving, either by
land or water; of clothing, camp, and garrison
equipage, from the depots at Philadelphia and
New York, to the several posts and Army depots,
and from those depots to the troops in the field;
and subsistence from the places of purchase and
from the places of delivery under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may
require them to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance
stores, and small-arms, from founderies and arm-
ories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts,
and Army depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and
fernages: for the purchase and lure of hoises,
mules, oxen, and harness, and the purchase and
repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships,
and other sea-going vessels, and boats required
for the transportation of supplies and for garrison
purposes; for drayage and cattagc at the several
posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of funds
for the pay and other disbursing departments;
the expense of sailing public transports on the
various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the At-
lantic and Pacific; and for procuring water at
such posts as, from their situation, require that it
be brought from a distance; and for clearing
roads, and removing obstructions from roads,
harbors and rivers, to the extent which may be
required for the actual operations of the troops in
the field, forty million dollars.
For hire or commutation of quarters for officers
on military duty; hire of quartets lor troops; ot
storehouses for the safe-keeping 01 military stores,
of grounds for summer cantonments, for the con-
struction of temporary huts, hospitals, and sta-
bles, and for repairing public buildings at estab-
lished posts, four million two hundred and thirty-
four thousand dollars.
For heating and cooking stoves, ninety thou-
sand dollars.
For maintenance of gunboat fleet proper, two
million one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For maintenance of steam rams, one hundicd
and eighty thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, five hundred-
thousand dollars.
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, and for expenses of offices and arsenals,
thirty-nine million three hundred and twenty-two
thousand five hundred and thirteen dollars and
twenty-five cents.
For constructing and extending the telegraph
for military purposes, and for expenses in oper-
ating the same, five hundred thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital department, in-
cluding pay of private physicians, purchase and
repair ot surgical instruments, putchase of extra
hospital bedding, clothing, ice, pay of male citi-
zens as hospital attendants; the maintenance of
sick and wounded soldiers, placed in private
houses or hospitals; and other necessary com-
forts for the sick and convalescing in the various
military hospitals, five million seven hundred and
five thousand nine hundred and eighty-four dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant-Gen-
eral's department at department headquarters, two
thousand dollars.
For supplies, transportation, and care of pris-
oners of war, three million three hundred and
seventy-three thousand seven hundred and twen-
ty-eight dollars.
For armament of fortifications, one million six-
ty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, seven hundred and thirty-two thousand six
hundred dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments forall mounted troops,
seven million three hundred and eighty thousand
dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armory, one million eight hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at the national armory at Springfield,
Massachusetts, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, one
million one hundred thousand dollars.
For additions to, and extension of shop-room,
machinery, tools, and fixtures at arsenals, five
hundred thousand dollars.
For the purchase and manufacture of arms for
volunteers and regulars, and ordnance and ord-
nance stores, thiiteen million dollais.
For surveys of military defenses, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of instruments, ten
thousand dollars.
For printing charts of lake surveys, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Northern and
Northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
one hundred and five thousand dollars.
For completion of Fort Clinch, Amelia Island,
Florida, one Jiundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For secret service fund, and to reimburse the
contingent fund of the Army, five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For payment of bounty to volunteers, and to
the widows and legal heirs of such as may die or
be killed in the service of the United States, au-
thorized by the fifth and sixth sections of an act
entitled "An act to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property," approved July twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, twenty
millions of dollars, or so much thereof as may be
found necessary.
For collecting, organizing, and drilling volun-
teers, in addition to any sums heretofore appro-
priated for that purpose, five millions of dollars.
' For providing for the comfort of discharged
soldiers, who may arrive in the principal cities of
the.United Slates so disabled by disease or by
wounds received in the service as to be unable to
proceed to their homes, and for forwarding des-
titute soldiers to their homes, two millions of dol-
lars, to be applied and expended under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States.
For enlarging, repairing, and furnishing the
northwest executive building, twenty thousand
dollars.
For grading and improving that part of Judi-
ciary square, in the city of Washington, upon
which the general hospital of the United States
is located, four thousand dollars, to be expended
under the direction of the Surgeon General.
Sec. '2. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the seventh section of the act approved third
March, eighteen hundicd and fifty-one, entitled
ik An act to found a military asylum for the relief
and support of invalid and disabled soldiers of
the United States,"as requives that" all moneys,
not exceeding two thirds of the balance on hand,
of the hospital fund and of the post fund of each
military station, after deducting the necessary
expenses," shall be set apart for the support of
the military asylum, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted) That the en-
listed men of the Ordnance department now des-
ignated as master-workmen shall hereafter be des-
ignated and mustered as sergeants; those now
designated as armorers, carriage-makers, and
blacksmiths shall be designated and mustered as
corporals; those now designated as artificers shall
be designated and mustered as privates of the first
class; and those now designated as laborers shall
be designated and mu&teied as privates of the
sccond class: Provided, That the pay, rations, and
clothing now authorized hy law to the respective
grades of enlisted ordnance men shall not be
changed.
Sue. 4. And be it farther enacted, That in all
cases where recruiting officers have in good faith
paid the two dollars for bunging accepted recruits
to the rendezvous, before receiving notice of the
repeal of the regulation allowing the same, the
accounts of sueh officers shall be allowed in settle-
ment by the Treasury Department.
Rkc. 5. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be added to the cleiical force of the Surgeon
General's offico one clerk of class one and one
clei k of class two; and there shall be added to the
clerical force of the Paymaster General's office
twenty cleiks of class two and twenty clerks of
class one; and there shall be added to the clerical
and other force of the Adjutant General's officc
four clerks of class two, six clerks of class one,
and ten other clerks, at a monthly compensation
of sixty dollars each; and the Adjutant General
may detail ten more non-commissioned officers of
the Army as clerks in his officc; and the sum of
fifty-one thousand two hundred dollars is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropiiated, to pay the salaries of
the cleiks hereby authorized.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted, Thnt section
five of the act " to authori'/.e the employment of
volunteeis to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property," approved July twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and sec-
tion five of the act " to increase the present mili-
tary establishment of the United States, "approved
July twenty-nine, eighteen hundted and bixty-
one, shall be so construed as to allow twenty-five
dollars of the bounty of one hundred dollars there-
in provided to be paid immediately after enlist-
merit to everv soldier of the regular and volunteer
forces hereafter enlisted during the continuance of
the existing war, and the sum of seven millions
five hundred thousand dollars is hereby appro-
priated for such payment.
Sue. 7. And be it farther enacted, That all the
aides-de-camp appointed by authority of the act
approved fifth August, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-one, untitled " An act supplementary to an act
entitled 'An act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States,5 " approved
July twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, shall be nominated to the Senate for its advice
and consent.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he hereby is,
authorized, by and with the consent of theSenate,
to appoint as many military storekeepers m the
Quartermaster's department of the Army as the
