1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
286?
ticulni member of the couit unless required so to do before
a court of justice m due course of law." This oath or af-
firmation being duly administered, the President id author-
ized and icqtured toadminis.tei the following oath or affirm-
ation to the judge-advocate, or pet*on officiating as such :
(l I, A B, do bvvear (or .ifimn) that 1 will Keep a tiue recoul
of the evidence given to and the proceedings of this court;
nor vviil X divulge or by any mean^ di-cio-elhc .sentence of
the coui t until its-hall Jnne been appiovcd by the proper au-
thority ; nor will I at any time divulge or di.-clo?e tin; vote
or opinion ot any paiticttlai rxiemhoi of the court, unless
required so to do befoie a couit of justice m due course of
law."
Mr. HALE. I want the ear of the Senator from
Iowa for a moment. It seems to me that there
should be a transposition. Article twelve requues
the judge-advocate to administer an oath qualify-
ing all the members of the coui t before he himself
is qualified ; and then says thot after he has qual-
ified the members, the president is authorized to
administer an oath to the judge-advocate. The
president of the court goes on and qualifies the
judge-advocate after he has entered on his duties
and discharged a portion of them by qualifying
the members of the court. I have seen one or two
courts-martial in the Navy, and I know that the
president does, in fact, administer an oath to the
judgc-advocatc first, and that is the proper way;
and after that the judge-advocate should adminis-
ter it to the members of the court.
Mr. GRIMES. It may be so. I am not pre-
pared to say that it ought not to be changed. I
copied the article from article thirty-six of the law
of 1800, verbatim. I supposed it to be right. It
may be that the Senator from New Hampshire is
correct about it.
Mr. HALE. I cannot be mistaken about it,
because I have attended one or two of those courts.
I think it had better be changed, and let the article
begin with the administration of the oath to the
judge-advocate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As it is a mere
matter of the transposition respecting the oath,
a mere question of arrangement, the alteration will
be made if there be no objection.
Mr. HALE. It may need a little alteration
afterwards.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
garded as transposed.
The Secretary lead article thirteen, as follows:
Aax- 13. All tubtunon> given to a gencial coutt-martial
shall be on oath or animation, which the pie.-ident of the
court is heieby authouzed to administer; and if any per-
son idiall ic(u:-e to give his evidence as atoie-aid, or shall
prevancatc, or -shall behave with contempt to the court, it
shall and may be lawful lor tin- couit to imprison such of-
fender at then di>ciction : PiomhJ. That the impugnment
jrt no case :-hali exceed two months'. And eveiy pet-on who
shall commit willful perjuiy on examination on oatii Oi al-
fiimation befoie s.ud com t, or who shall eon uptly pioeure or
suborn any pei-on to commit Mich willful peijuiy. shall and
may be pio-eeuted hv iiidiciureut or inroimation in anv
court of justice of the United States, and shall suffer such
penalties as ate authojiz^d by the laws of the United States
in cases of peijuiy, or the subornation theieof. And m
every pio^ccution iorneijuty, or tho subornation theioof,
under thi-. act. it shall be Milficient to -et tbith the offense
chatted on the defendant, without setting loi tli the author-
ity by which the enuit was held, or the puuenlat maueis
brought or intended to be brought befoie the paid couit
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the further consideration of
this bill^fe superseded by the special older.
Mr. GRIMES. I move thai thai be postponed
until we dispose of this bill. We are more than
half wav through with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By general
consent, the special order may be postponed until
the conclusion of tins bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It will not take half an hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. Aiuele fourteen will be lead.
The Secretary icad it, as follows:
Art. 14 The following oath shall be administered to
witnesses before eouiLs-maiun! and couits of inquiry
"You do solemnly -we u (or alFmn, as the ca-o mav be.)
that the evidence \ on shah .live m the ease now beune tin-
court snail be tbe'tiutn, the whole truth, and nothing but
the ttufh, and that you will state even thing wulun your
knowledge and leeolJeetiou in relation to the charges. So
help y ou God "
Mr. HALE. There is a little diiTh'ttliy in ad-
ministering the cifilrmauon as presenbed there.
Tire form of the a ill r manor > isgi veil ,aiui it amounts
to an oath. I will move to add at the end of the
article, to be inserted m brackets, "or ihis you do
under the pains and penalties of perjury,,} winch
is a part of the atiirmaiion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read article fifteen, as follows:
Art. 15. The person accused shall be furnished with a
true copy of the charges, with the specifications, at the time
he is put under arrest; nor shall any other charges than
those so exhibited be urged against the person to be tried
before the couit, unless it appear to the court that intelli-
gence of such charge had not reached the officer ordering
the court when the person so to be tried was put under
airestjOi' that ?nmc witness materia! to the suppoitof such
chatge, who was at that time absent, can be produced, In
which ca*e ica&onablc time shall be given to the person to be
tried to make his defense against Mich new charge. .Every
officer ^o attested id to deliver up his sword to his com-
manding officet, and to con fine himself to the limits assigned
him, under pain ot disnnsr-ion from service.
No amendment being proposed, the Secretary
read article sixteen, as follows:
Art. 16. When the proceedings of any general court-
martial .shall have commenced, they shall not bo suspended
or delajed on account of the absence of any of the mem-
bers, ptovided five or more be assembled; but the court is
enjoined to sit fiom day to day, Sundays excepted, until
sentence be given. And no member ot said court s lmM,
after the proceedings ate besun, ab.-ent himself therefioin,
unless in ca-e of sickness or oidcrs to so on duty from a
supeiior officer, on pam of being cashiered.
Mr. GRIMES. In line two hundred and ninety-
five 1 move to insert, after the word " given," the
words " unless temporarily adjourned by the au-
thority which convened the court," so as to allow
them, in extraordinary cases, when they have the
authority of the Department, to adjourn the court
over for a week, or any other space of time that
may be necessary in order to promote public jus-
tice.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read article seven teen, as follows:
Art. 17. If a member of a court-mai tial shall, from any
legal cause, (ail to attend aftei the commencement ot a case,
and witne^&es shall be examined dining his absence, the
court must, when he is ready to le-ume his seat, cause
every pei.-on who may have been examined m his absence
to bo called into couri,and the rocouleil testimony of each
witness must be read ovei to him, and such witness must
acknowledge the same to be cot reet. and be subject to such
futthei examination as the said member may lequne ; and
without a compliance with thmulc. and an entry of it upon
the lecord, a member who shall have been ab-ent duunij
the examination of a witness shall not be allowed to sit
again in tnat patticulat ca&e.
No amendment being proposed, the Secretary
read aiticJe eighteen, as follows:
Art. 18. Whenever a court-martial shall sentence an
officet to be su-pended. the couit shall have the power to
suspend his pay and emoluments for the whole oi any part
of the time of ins suspension.
No amendment being proposed, the Secretary
read article nineteen, as follows:
Art 19. All sentences of com ts-mai tial which shall ex-
tend to the loss of lifei-hall requue the coucut tence of two
third< o! the member- present, and no such sentence shall
be earned into execution until confitmed by the Piesident
of the United Htnti « ; or, if the trial take place out of the
United States, until it be confiimod by the commander of
the fleet or Mjuadton. Ali other sentence* may be detcnn-
ined by a m ijoniv of votes, and carried into execution on
confirmation of the commander of the fleet, or oflicet or-
detinsr the court. e\ccpt such as go to the dismission of a
cominissiom d or wairant ofiieei, which aie fust to be ap-
pro\ed In the President of the United Slates.
Mr. HALE. I want to call the attention of the
Senator from Iowa to tins article. It will be seen
that by this article a warrant officer on a foreign
station cannot be dismissed by the sentence of a
court-nvtrlial until that sentence is first approved
by the Presidentof the United States; but he may
be put to de.ifh or any officcr of the fleet may be
put to death without it. I move, after the word
" States," in line three hundred and twenty-three,
to stnke out the words " do if the trial take place
out of the United States, until it be confirmed by
the commander of the fleet or squadronbecause
as it now stands it puts the commission of a war-
rant officer on a higher tenure than his life.
Mr. GRIMES. The protection of the man who
isto be tued for his life consists in the fact that it.
requires a majority of two thirds of the general
court-martiafto find him guilty and inflict the sen-
tence; m the other case it requires only a majority
of the members of the board. I believe that is the
law now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read article twenty, as follows:
Art 20. Evety officer who i- by this act authorized to
convene coin is-ntamal, shall have power to pardon oi mit-
jir.ite at an' tun-' the -i nf-nce of an v such coui t which, by
thi.- act. he is authorised to approve and eonfum.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to amend that article,
so as to make it read thus:
Eveiy officer who is l>v tins act authorized to convene
couiis-irmitial shall Dave power, on revisal of its procccil-
i «3; to remit or mitigate but no! to commute the sentence
of any eoiut, which. by this act. lie is authorized to approve
or coiifinii.
This will give him power to mitigate the sen-
tence or to remit it entirely, but not to change it
for another one after the court have made their
finding, and some days or some weeks afterwards
he c,omeS to revise it. It would be open to abuse
and to trading and dickering, perhaps, among offi-
cers and their friends, if that power was granted.
The Secretary read the amendment,to strikeout
in line three hundred and twenty-three the words
" to pardon or," and to insert the words " on re-
visal of its proceedings to remit or," and in lines
three hundred and thirty-three and three hundred
and thirty-four to strike out the words "at any
time," and to insert " but not to commute;" so
that it will read:
Every officer who is by this act authorized to convene
courts-martial shall have power, on revisal of its proceed-
ings, to remit or mitigate but not to commute the sentence
of any such court, which, by this act, he is authoiized to
approve and confirm.
Mr. HALE. I confess I exceedingly doubt the
propriety of that clause. I hope the Senator from
iowa will give me his attention. I favor his bill,
and want to make it as perfect as I can. So far
as I know, it has been the complaint with naval
officers that they have again and again had un-
worthy members tried and a court-martial sen-
tenced them, and the President has remitted the
sentence and pardoned them, and that the moral
force of the discipline established by law has been
entirely defeated, obviated, and broken down by
the arbitrary and indiscriminate pardoning power
of the President. If I could by possibility do it
—but I suppose we cannot, as the President has
that power by the Constitution—1 would take
away ftom him the pardoning power; he should
not have it at all. It is a power that has been
abused and constantly abused, and will be just
exactly so long as it exists. Now, sir, this pro-
vision in the twentieth article, instead of limiting
the pardoning power of the President, confers it
upon the commodores, captains, and officers that
order these courts-martial, and you may be sure
that the evil will be increased in just exactly
the proportion that you extend the authority to
exercise it. I think -if the Senator will let that
alone 
Mr. GRIMES. This limits the power. The
commanding officer of the squadron has power to
commute or remit the sentence now if we do not
put this in.
Mr. HALE. Wc repeal that. I suppose you
have got a repealing clause in this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes; but if this bill does not
pass both Houses, that is still the law of the land.
Mr. HALE. Well, if it dots pass I think this
article had better be stricken out. I am certain,
on a moment's reflection, the honorable Senator
from Iowa will find it is so, and if he consults the
officers of the Wavy, ninety-nine out of every hun-
died would say it'would be better not to have it;
they do not want it. What is determined by a
judicial tribunal should stand. There was no
greater mistake made by the framers of our Con-
stitution than by giving tins pardoning power so
freely as they have to the Presidentof the United
States. I remember years ago when the West
India seas were infested with pirates and wehad
to send Commodore Porter with a fleet out there
at the close of Mr. Monroe's administration, he
exercised this pardoning power so as to astonish
everybody, and it has been a mystery to this day
why President Monroe exercised the pardoning
power so freely as he did to the pirates taken in
the West India seas. I hope this bill will pass.
I think it a great improvement; and it is due to
the honorable Senator from Iowa to say that he
has matured and improved it as it is; but I think
he will improve it still further by striking out this
pardoning power ill the hands of captains and
commodores. I move to strike out that article
entirely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on modifying the article before striking
it out.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 really hope it will not be
stricken out. 1 think in the way it now stands,
as I propose to amend it, it is about as it ought to
be. If, for instance, a com t-mnrtial in thesquad-
ron in the Mediterranean found a man guilty of
an offense and sentenced him, and the command-
ing officer was satisfied he had repented, that he
had been misled in some little trivial njatter for
which he had been found guilty, broken the letter
of the law but not the spirit of the law, I would
