1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Mr, STEVENS. Then (he gentleman offers
it as a substitute for what has become the text of
the bill, and the Chair did not decide that it was
not correct jto offer it then, but only that a vote
cannot be takon-upon it until after the text of the
bill is perfected. Now, we must go on ant! per-
fect that which the gentleman proposes to strike
out before we take a vote upon his substitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the practice of
the House to be—it has been frequently so ruled,
and I do not understand the chairman to dissent
from it—that inasmuch as the gentleman from Illi-
nois has offered an amendment in the way of
a substitute for-the entire bill of the committee—
or rather for the substitute, which has now become
the original text—we must go on and perfect that
original text, and that a vote cannot be taken upon
the substitute of the gentleman from Illinois until
wc are through with the text. If I am right in
that, then I understand the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
matter again: the text before the Chair is the
original bill, and that is the matter to be amended
and perfected. That being before the committee,
the committee on the Pacific railroad offered its
substitute, by way of an amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert what
is, in fact, a new bill. Then the gentleman from |
Illinois, pending that amendment, offers, in the j
understanding of the Chair, to amend the amend- j
merit; and it beinga second amendment, his whole j
proposition must be taken together; and the Chair
ruled it in order as such. If he offers it as a sub- i
stitute for the original bill, that is quite another „
question, which the Chair has not decided. The i
Chair understood his amendment to be proposed ,
to perfect the pending amendment, which was the \
proposition of the select committee to amend the
text, which is the original bill. !
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. It follows, then, as !
a matter of course, that we have a right to per-
fect the details of the substitute offered by the j
select committee, before a vote can be taken upon ■
the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois. I
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois to be
an effort to perfect the pending amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Upon this ques-
tion of order I desire to say a word. The prop-
osition of the select committee was this bill for
the construction of a Pacific railroad The next
step m the proceedings was the offering by them
of a substitute, as they had a light to do. Parlia- ;
mentary idvv,then, would permit the friends of ;
the bill to perfect that original bill, if they desired '
to do so. In all these proceedings the original bill
is the text,and the substitute, in parliamentary law,
is in the nature of an amendment. Hut, while the
friends of the bill have a right to perfect it, if they
desire to do so, yet, as the substitute is before the
committee, and an amendment has been adopted
thereto, it is competent yet to amend the substi-
tute* But it is not competent to go on with this
second substitute and perfect it, because the re-
sult would be that, instead of having four pending
amendments, which you may have under the doc-
trine of substitutes, you will have six pending
amendments. The gentleman from Illinois hav-
ing introduced his amendment to the substitute,
and it being an entire bill, you cannot now pro-
ceed to perfect it, but must vote upon it as it is, or
else a vote must be taken, if anybody desires it,
upon amendments to the original bill which is
being perfected. So there is no perfecting a sub-
stitute for a substitute, as the original substitute
is not the text, but an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
It is that this debate is out of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I made my point of order in
good faith, There is one point I wish to hear the
Chair upon. The original bill was offered, and
my amendment, in the way of a substitute, was
offered on the 8th of April. The substitute of the
committee was not offered until after that. Then,
how can iny amendment be an amendment to that
which was not before the committee when 1 offered
my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman as offering his substitute when the bill
and substitute were before the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY, it the decision of the Chair
stands, and my bill is now before the committee,
and it shall be adopted, what would be its posi-
tion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It would then be a sub-
stitute for the hill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then, I ask the Clerk to pro-
ceed with the reading of my bill. I withdraw my
point of order.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to offer an j
amendment. t
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now, j
if the gentleman from Illinois insists upon his |
amendment. !
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I understand the
gentleman to withdraw his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN". Does the gentleman from
Illinois insist upon his amendment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the Clerk to proceed
with the reading of my bill, in accordance with
the decision of the.Chair.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
substitute; but was interrupted by
Mr. LOVEJOY, who said: After consulting
with the friends of the original bill, I have con-
cluded to withdraw my substitute for the present,
as I do wot wish to embarrass the bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I now move to
amend the first section of the bill. It is to add to
the amendment heretofore adopted the words:
Tiie diiectors to be appointed by the President shall not
be stockholders in the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to move a
verbal amendment. The name of one of tiie cor-
porators from Missouri is printed William Mc-
pherson; itshouid be William M. McPherson. I
move that the amendment be made accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr.SHEFFIELD. I move to strike out" two,55
in line sixty-eight, and insert " fifty;" so that it
shall read 41 fifty thousand shares." I notice that
it is provided by this section of the bill that the
stock of this corporation shall be divided into one
hundred thousand shaies. It is the custom, so
far as I know, of the States to require that the en-
tire stock shall be subscubed before a corporation
shall be permitted to go into operation; and it
seems to me, thatas we are incorporating so large
a company as this, there should be at least one
half of the capital stock subscribed before the cor-
poiation shall go into operation.
Again, the amountofmoney which is to be paid
in under this section of the act is simply $20,000
before the company shall go into operation. There
is no provision in the chatter that 1 am awaie of,
I am not, however, very familiar with it, by which
we can compel any further sum to be paid in.
Now, it se< ms to me thnt there ought to be ten
per cent, on the fifty thousand shares paid in be-
fore the corporation shall be permitted to go into
operation. Itis very unsafe to the public to allow
a corporation of this magnitude, capable of per-
: forming so much mischief as this corporation may
i perform, to be launched out upon so small acap-
| ital. We ought certainly, before we advance so
j enormous a sum of money as is pioposed to be
' advanced by this act, thus far guard the public
1 against imposition.
| Mr. PHELPS, of California. I regret very
! much to see this kind of amendments offered. I
| cannot think they are offered for any other pur-
j pose than to embarrass the favorable action of this
| committee upon this bill. Under the provisions
j of the bill as it now stands, when there is sub-
| scribed in good faith two thousand shares, of
$1,000 each, the company is authorized to organ-
I ize and choose directors. I venture the assertion
, that that is as large an amount us is usually ex-
\ acted by any State in the organization of a railroad
| company anywhere. Wo have already adopted
; a provision that the directors of the company
i shall be stockholders to the extent of at least
j §5.000, and the sooner that the parties whom we
j name in this bill are displaced by partiesactually
• interested in the road,"the better it will be.
j Now, the fact that this is a large incorporation
! does not justify us in embarrassing it by rcquir-
j ing a larger proportionate amount of subserip-
j lions before oigainzation than we would ifu were
| a small company. For a small company, lequir-
! ing but two or three hundred thousand dollars
i capital, it would be no very great hardship to re-
, quire the whole amount of stock to he subscribed
j before the company could be legally organized,
i but that is not the case here. I think the amount
! required by the bill, as it now stands, to be sub-
scribed before they organize is sufficiently large,
and I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Sheffield's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the second
section by striking out the following words:
And the right of way and lands granted by this act shall
be exempted from taxation witlnn the Teintorie& of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
And the right, power, and authority Is hereby nlven to
said company to take Irom the public land.' adjacent to the
ItiiG of said load, earth, Ptone, umher, and other materials
for the constiuction thereof.
This clause which I propose to strike out grants
to the company the power to take from the lands
of the United States the materials to construct
their road after we have given them the alternate
sections of the public lands for ten miles on either
side of the road, making a width of twenty miles,
and giving them a strip of ten miles along the en-
tire line of the road. They ask us alao to give
them the timber off the sections of land which we
retain for the settler, so that his land will be stripped
of timber while it may be that the timber on the
sections given to the,.road would be left un-
touched. 1 do not say that that would be the case,
but we know frauds are sometimes committed in
this country, and might be committed in this in-
stance.
Mr. SARGENT. The grant of land in this bill
is much smaller than that proposed in any other
Pacific railroad bill ever introduced into Congress
and much smaller than that proposed in any of
the pending amendments. It may be that it is too
large. It seems to me, however, that this is the
manner in which the Government can extend its
aid to this work at the least expense and with the
greatest benefit to the Government. If the argu-
ment of the gentleman amounts to anything, it is
that too much land is granted. But upon a large
portion of the route, through the deserts and other
places, the land is absolutely valueless, and the
committee propose by an amendment to thissub-
stitute, to strike out the provision which author-
izes the company to select lands in place of those
worthless lands, and that will very much contract
the grant of land to be enjoyed by the company,
t Now, it seems to me that the provision that
: they may use the stone and timber, which may
' be very necessary in order to cairy on the work,
| is not an extravagant grant. It has been in every
' Pacific railroad bill that has ever passed, and it
; seems to me that the gentleman fiom Indiana
■ evinces a misapprehension of the spirit of the bill
! in proposing this amendment. It cannot injure
| the Government to allow the company to take the
! stone and timber along the route and apply it to
i the uses of the road, when at present it its of no
: use whatever, and never may be, unless the road
I is built. I think the amendment ought not to be
1 adopted.
: Mr. Shanks's amendment was disagreed to.
i Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to strike
j out the word " two," in the eighth line, and insert
| " one;" so as to reduce the right of way from four
! hundred feet to two hundred feet. 1 desire to say,
1 that two hundred feet is an abundant roadway
for any road in the world. Four hundred feet is
about twenty-five rods. There should be a pro-
vision in the bill authorizing the removal of any
timber, or anything which may by possibility
| obstruct the road, but a ii«ht of way as wide as
i that of the Illinois Central railroad is abundant
I for any company in the country, over the plains
1 or through the mountains. 1 do not see what the
company wants with four hundred feet right of
way.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Engineers who have sur-
; veyed the route say that the heavy embankments,
| side-cuts, and other things render it nece.ssaty to
I have two hundred feet on either side. It is not
■j an ordinary road, or to be constructed over ordi-
i nary ground. Some of the embankments over the
I, mountains will extend over one hundred fe<-t on
either side. The greater part of the road is to be
! constructed through the mountains, and ov< r the
' plains, and there ought to be no umensonable
<' limit placed upon the light of way. The engineers
■ sav that over one hundred feet on either side will
;; be'needed, and the committee thought u best to
|i give them two hundred feet on either side.
