388
appendix to tee congressional globe.
[July 5,
3TM Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
exigencies of .the service may require; provided
the whole number of military storekeepers in that
department shall net exceed twelve.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, in like
manner, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the ser-
vice of the year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two:
For the construction and maintenance of the
gunboat fleet proper, four hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For purchasing, construction,and maintenance
of steam rams, four hundred thousand dollars.
For pay of private physicians, purchase and
repair of surgical instruments, purchase of extra
hospital bedding, clothing, ice, and other neces-
sary comforts for the sick and convalescing in the
various military hospitals, one hundred and twen-
ty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of chaplains of hospitals,
from the date of the commencement of their ser-
vice to the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, twelve thousand dollars.
For the contingent expenses of the Paymaster
General's office for the year ending thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,one thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 10. And beit farther enacted,That the Sec-
retary of War be authorized to commute the Army
ration of coffee and sugar, for the extract of cof-
fee potnbined with milk and sugar, to be procured
in the same manner and underline restrictions and
fuaranteesaspreserved meats,pickles, butter, and
esiccated vegetables are procured for the Navy,
if he shall believe it will be conducive to the health
and comfort of the Army, and not more expen-
sive to the Government than the present ration,
and if it shall be acceptable to the men.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, Th^t the re-
striction or limitation contained in the proviso to
the joint resolution, approved April sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, transferring the
superintendency of the Capitol extension from the
War Department to the Department of the Inte-
rior, shall not be so construed or applied as to
prevent the completion of, and the payment for,
the painting now in progress on the wall over the
stairway on the western side of the south wing
agreeably to the terms of the contract made be-
tween General M. C. Meigs, on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, and E. Leutze, the artist, on the ninth
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, July 5, 1862.
Chap. CXXXIV.—An Act to reorganize the
Navy Department of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be established in the
Navy Department the following bureaus, to wit:
First. A Bureau of Yards and Docks.
Second. A Bureau of Equipment and Recruit-
ing.
Third. A Bureau of Navigation.
Fourth. A Bureau of Ordnance.
Fifth. A Bureau of Construction and Repair.
Sixth. A Bureau of Steam Engineering.
Seventh. A Bureau ofProvisions and Clothing.
Eighth. A Bureau of Medicine and Surgery.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint from the
list of officers of the Navy, not below the grade
of commander, a chief for each of the Bureaus of
Yards and Docks, Navigation, Equipment and
Recruiting, and of Ordnance, and shall in like
manner appoint a chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair, who shall be a skillful naval
constructor; and shall also appoint a chief of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering, who shall be a skill-
ful engineer, and be selected from the list of chief
engineers of the Navy; and shall also appoint a
chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, who
shall be selected from the list of the surgeons of
the Navy, and u chief of the Bureau of Provisions
and Clothing, who shall be selected from the list
of paymasters of the Navy of not less than ten
years' standing; each of which chiefs of bureaus
shpll receive a salary of three thousand five hun-
dred dollars per annum, unless otherwise hereto-
fore provided for by law, which shall be in lieu
of all other compensation whatever. The said
chiefs of bureaus to hold their said offices for the
term of four years: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall be construed to affect any pro-
vision heretofore made by law for special cases.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall appoint the following]
clerks and other officers, to wit:
For the office of the Secretary of the Navy, a
chief clerk, who shall receive a salary of two thou-
sand two hundred dollars per annum; one clerk
at a salary of eighteen hundred dollars, who shall
also be disbursing clerk with a salary of two hun-
dred dollars; five clerks with a salary of sixteen
hundred dollars each; three clerks with a salary
of fourteen hundred dollars each; four clerks with
asalary of twelve hundred dollars eactr; one mes-
senger at nine hundred dollars per annum; one
assistant messenger at seven hundred dollars, and
two laborers at six hundred dollars each per an-
num.
For the Bureau of Yards and Docks, one civil
engineer, who shall receive a salary of two thou-
sand dollars; one chief clerk at eighteen hundred
dollars; one clerk at sixteen hundred dollars; three
clerks at fourteen hundred dollars each; one
draughtsman at, fourteen hundred dollars; one
clerk at twelve hundred dollars; one messenger at
eight hundred and forty dollars; and two laborers
at six hundred dollars each per annum.
For the Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting,
one chief clerk, who shall receive a salary of eigh-
teen hundred dollars; two clerks at a salary of
fourteen hundred dollars each; one clerk at a sal-
ary of twelve hundred dollars; one messenger at
a salary of eight hundred and forty dollars.
For the Bureau of Navigation, one chief clerk
at eighteen hundred dollars; one clerk who shall
receive a salary of fourteen hundred dollars; one
clerk at twelve hundred dollars; one messenger at
eight hundred arid forty dollars.
For the Bureau of Ordnance, one assistant, to
be selected from the commissioned officers of the
Navy, with the pay of three thousand dollars per
annum; one draughtsman at fourteen hundred dol-
lars; one clerk at fourteen hundred dollars; one
messenger at eight hundred and forty dollars per
annum; and one laborer at six hundred dollars;
and one laborer at four hundred and eighty dol-
lars per annum.
For the Bureau of Const!uction and Repair,
one chief clerk at a salary of eiglileen hundred
dollars a year; one draughtsman at fourteen hun-
dred dollars per annum; five clerks at a salary of
fourteen hundred dollars each ; one at twelve hun-
dred dollars; one messenger at a salary of eight
hundred and forty dollars per annum; and one
laborer at six hundred dollars per annum.
For the Bureau of Steam Engineering, one
chief clerk at a salary of eighteen hundred dol-
lars; one draughtsman at fourteen hundred dol-
lars; onecleik at fourteen hundred dollars; one
assistant draughtsman at twelve hundred dollars;
one messenger at eight hundred and forty dollars
salary per annum; and one laborer at six hundred
dollars per annum.
For the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
one chief clerk with a salary of eighteen hundred
dollars; four clerks with a salary of fourteen hun-
dred dollars each; one clerk with a salary of twelve
hundred dollars; one messenger wiih a salary of
eight hundred and forty dollars per annum; and
one laborer wilh a salary of six hundred dollars
per annum.
For the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, two
clerks with a salary of fourteen hundred dollars
each; and one messenger with a salary of eight
hundred and forty dollars per annum.
For the protection of the building occupied by
the Department, one day watchman and two night
watchmen at a salary of six hundred dollars each
per annum, and for the general care of the build-
ing, furnace, and grounds, one laborer at a salary
of six hundred dollars, and one laborer at a sal-
ary of three hundred and sixty dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
tary of the Navy shall assign and distribute among
the said bureaus such of the duties of the Navy
Department as lie shall judge to be expedient and
proper; and all of the duties of the said bureaus
shall be performed under the authority of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and their orders shall be con-
sidered as emanating from him, and shall have
full force and effect as such.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all es-
timates for specific, general, and contingent ex-
penses of the Department, and of the several bu-
reaus, shall be furnished to the Secretary of the
Navy by the chiefs of the respective bureaus, and
all such appropriations shall be under the control
and expended by the direction of the Secretary of
the Navy, and the appropriation for each bureau
shall be kept separate in the Treasury.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That the chiefs
of the respective bureaus of the Navy Department
shall be authorized to frank all communications
from their respective bureaus; and all communi-
cations to their bureaus on the business thereof
shall be free of postage.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts conflicting or inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 5, 1862.
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Currentand Contingent Expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
Treaty Stipulations with various Indian Tribes
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes—
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, namely:
For pay of superintendents oi'Indian affairs and
of the several Indian agents, per acts of fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-seventh Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, thirty-first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, third March,
eighteen hundredand fifty-five, eighteenth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, third March,eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, nineteenth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty, twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty, eighth and thirteenth
February, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and
per fifteenth article of treaty of nineteenth April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, with the Yanc-
tons, ninety-one thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For the pay of the several Indian sub-agents,
per act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at Saint
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seven.th June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, twtyity-
seventh February,eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
and eighteenth August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, twenty-four thousand nine hundred dol-
lars.
For pay of twenty laborers for reservations in
California, twelve thousand dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For the employment of temporary clerks by
superintendents of Indian affairs on such occa-
sions and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary of the Interior m!iy deem necessary to the
public service, five thousand dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes:
Blackfoot Nation.
For seventh of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in the purchase of such goods, provis-
ions, and other useful articles as the President,
at his discretion, may, from time to time, de-
termine, per ninth article of the treaty of seven-
