1862.
THE COMltESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
1909
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. My object was to
cn 11 outthe gemlenum, and ascertain whether this
is real i y necessary in i in* j udgment of engineers.
I now withdraw my ami'tiiimint,
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr, Chairman, in order
to meet the views of gentlemen who are friendly
to this measure, I move to amend the ihiiil sec-
tion, by striking out all after ihe word " fixed,"
in the tenth line, to the word " railroad," in the
sixteenth line, inclusive, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
Provided, That all mineral lands shall be excepted from
the operation of tins act.
The amendment explains itself.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I suggest t0 the
gentleman that die proviso ought only to apply
to this section and not to the entire act.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 will accept the modifica-
tion, and substitute the word "section" for "act."
Mr. OLIN. I rise merely for the purpose of
suggesting to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to modify his amendment so as to limit the selec-
tion of land to somewhere in the vicinity of the
road.
Mr. CAMPBELL qiade an explanation which
was inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. OLIN. By the gentleman's explanation
my objection is obviated.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I ask for the
reading of the amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. OLIN. As the amendment is now read
by the Clerk I do not understand that it obviates
the difficulty which occurred to my mind.
Mr. CAMPBELL The section provides sub-
stantially that if the company finds the lands to
be worthless or mineral lands within the alternate
sections gianted in the bill, the company may
go elsewhere, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, and select lands in lieu thereof, as
near as may be to the line of said railroad, but
of course outside of the alternate sections. We
found, however, that the friends of the homestead
policy and of preemption, and other gentlemen,
thought that this was too broad a grant, and on
reconsideration, we thoughtit advisable to strike
outentirely the nghtto go elsewhere for land, and
to confine the company within the five alternate
sections on either side of the road, and at the
same time to except mineral lands.
Mr. OLIN. I so understood the gentleman's
explanation before; but 1 do not understand, from
the leading of the amendment, that its provisions
are as he states them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, precisely.
Mr. OLIN. if they are so, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They are so.
Mr. OLIN. But if the provision leaves this
company, as it seems to me it docs, with the right
to go, under the diiection of the Secretary of the
lntenor, to the Gulf of Mexico, the North pole,
or 54° 40', then I am opposed to it.
The CHAIRMAN, if the gentleman from
New York wll let the Clerk read what is pro-
posed to be stricken out, his objection will dis-
appear.
The amendment was again read.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the fourth
section by adding at the close the following pro-
viso;
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall not
apply to any road cithei wholly or partially constructed at
tiie tune ot the passage of this act.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that it will
make any difference; but I intended to mo\ean
amendment to a preceding part of the section.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to with-
drawing my amendment for a time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by striking
out of the seventh line the words "'with tails,"
and to insei t in lieu thereof the words, " the rails
and ail other iron used in the construction and
equipment of said road shall be of American man-
ufacture of the best quality." The proposition
explains itself, and I do not care to discuss it.
Air. D1VEN. To what does the gentleman
mean that provision to apply?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 mean that it shall apply to
the chairs, the spikes, and the locomotives. These
are all now being made in great abundance in the jj
United States, Unless this road is to furnish some ''
advantage to the manufactures of the country I
am opposed to the bill. But if u is to give ad-
vantages equivalent to what I suppose to be the
butdens imposed upon the people, I shall sup-
poit it.
Mr. D1VEN. I can inform the gentleman that
car wheels are now manufactured of foreign iron.
Mr. STEVENS. If so, th ere is no necessity
for it. 1 know that the very best wheels manu-
factured now are manufactured of American iron.
I know that one establishment in our county sends
to Boston iron for wheels which chills better than
the foreign iron. I can see no necessity for foreign
iron hems: used.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
the amendment, by adding the words, ''and to
be procured from the mines and fo'rs^s nearest to
the road." Of course it is not the purpose of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to put this road to
the vast expense of bringing iron from remote
distances.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendmentisin order
at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not know that my friend
from Vermont was possessed of such a fund of
irony. [Laughter.] Of course, sir, the company
will get its iron wherever it can procure it cheap-
est and best. If the gentleman will move to in-
sert these words as an amendment I will think he
is in earnest. However, as he is a little for fun
this morning, and as I like it very much myself,
I have no objection; but I hope his amendment
will not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
Mr. Stevens's amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What has be-
come of my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman to offer it only as a suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, no. I offered
it as a positive amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then it was not in order.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move to
•amend, by adding to the amendment just adopted
the words, "and to be procured from the mines
and forges nearest to the road."
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I am opposed to
the amendment, because it would compel this com-
pany to deal with persons who may have forges
a little nearer to the road and would charge higher
prices.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no ob-
jection to adding the words, " provided it can be
obtained at an low puces."
Mr. PHCLPS, of California. Then the whole
amendment is unnecessary.
Mr. McKNIGIIT. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, take the vote.
The CHAIRMAN. No fuither debate is in
order.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would like to have the
amendment put in the shape suggested by the gen-
tleman fiom Vermont before the vote is taken on
it: that is, " provided it can be obtained at as low
prices."
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
I inquire whether this is in accordance with the
principles of the Morrill tariff?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont^ I think it is.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the section the words:
Provided, That the psovt ions of this section shall not
apply to any roadeithet wholly or partially constructed at
the umc oi the parage ot tins. act.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I should like to have
some explanation of the object of this amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My purpose is this: that if
there are any roads already constructed—and I
am told that there are foi ty miles constructed that
were cuveied by the ongmal bill and the second
substitute—we are not to pay for them.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This section ap-
plies simply to the road between the western
boundary ot Kansasand the western boundary of
Nevada. There is no road between these points
to which this can apply.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That has been suggested to
me, and it may be the fact that the present bill
only covers that n gion. But there may be a pur-
pose to have some bill to cover other poitiuns of
territory. If that is true, then my amendment
will do no harm; if it is not true, then my amend-
ment is necessary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The. gentleman's
amendment applies to that section which contem-
plates the building of a road between the western
boundary of Kansas and the western boundary
of Nevada, where, as everybody knows, there i&
no road in existence. •
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understand that this whole
amendment applies only to that region between
the western line of Kansas and the western line
of Nevada.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The section, as it
now stands, amended yesterday on the motion of
thegentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
confines the corporation created by this bill to the
two points thai f have named.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There can be no possible
objection, except that it is inapplicable; and in
that case it can do no harm. But before we finish
the bill in another portion of it, it may so happen
that other sections of road may slide into the bill
to which my amendment woulu be applicable, and
tlien it would be useful.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois that if it is inapplicable to
the bill, that is a sufficient objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not know that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If, as we proceed with the
bill, any provision should be adopted to which the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois would
be applicable, then would be a proper time to offer
it. It certainly is not applicable to this section.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I subnutan amend-
ment which seems to me to be necessary from the
amendment adopted on motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, which provides that the rails
shall be of the best quality of iron, but does not
provide for the weight of the rails. I move to
amend by inserting, 44 the rails to be used shall
not weigh less than sixty pounds to the lineal
yard."
Mr. CAMPBELL. They ought not to be less
than that weight, certainly. I think they ought
to weigh more. That, however,ought to be left
entiiely to the company, who are required to con-
struct a first-class railroad. It is, therefore, use-
less to fix a limit for the weight of the rails. The
general requirement will be sufficient to accom-
plish tfte purpose which the gentleman seeks to
accomplish.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. If it does not do
good, it can do no harm. There can be no ob-
jection to it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking out
the provision in this section relative to the de-
scription of iron to be used, and to insert in lieu
thereof as follows:
With rails, and nil the other iion used in the construc-
tion and equipment of the said road, to be purchased in the
cheapest markets of the world.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I move to amend by
inserting, after the word " aforesaid," in lino fif-
teen of section four, as follows:
Ex^eptm? from &aid conveyance, ali minerals in the
lands conveyed, and reserving to tiie public the right to
pro-pectthefem lor mineiala and the woikuigof the mines
discovered thereon ; tiie owner of the land* to be compen-
sated for Mich injury as may be done to he? improvements
theieon, or to he* lauds considered as agricultural lands,
which compensation shall be by n juiy, in such
manner as may be provided b.\ law, and shall be paid by the
peison or persons douig said mjuiy.
My object in offering that amendment is this:
the previous scction, it is true, provides that the
land's to be conveyed to this company shall not
include mineral lands. They are excluded by the
terms of the bill; but suppose that, without ascer-
taining the fact, such lands are actually conveyed
to the company, their title to the lands becomes
perfect. It will then be too late to prevent such
lands from coming into the full possession of the
company. Now, what I propose is, that when
discoveries of minerals in those lands are made
subsequent to the location of the route and the
conveyance of the lauds, such lands shall be open
to the public the same as all other mineral lands
of the Government, to be worked; but that the
owner of the land shall be coin perilled for any in-
jury he may sustain theieby. 1 think it is our duty
to make this provision for that country through
